1*866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
out the States, and we have his assurance at
least throughout the Northwest it is to be fol-
lowed.
Neither, sir, can I vote for the proposition
of the honorable Senator from Connecticut.
What is the test ? A person who. can read and
write. Is it his name, or only read and write?
[" His name."] Bead and write his name ; a
wonderful amount of education to qualify a
D)an for the discharge of the high office and
trust of voting ! Great knowledge of the sys-
tem of government under which we live does
this impart to the voter! " But, sir, in voting
for that I also vote for negro suffrage to some
extent. I have no more prejudice against this
face than gentlemen who assume to be their
warmest friends. I know them much better
than they do. I have received many more acts
of kindness from some of them than they have,
and I have extended to them many more acts
of kindness than they have. If I know my
own heart to-day, the early recollections of
childhood and the experience of my life would
teach me that wherever it was in my power to
extend to them an act of kindness .to do it.
Born in their midst, with them as my play-
mates in childhood, with them as members of
my own father's household, I have no.unkind-
ness for them ; and to-day their true friends are
not to be found among that class of men—I
will not say who are to be found in this Cham-
ber, but who are to be found <in this country—
who clamor for their equality of rights. But,
sir, when their true friends- are to be found
among those who have known them, who have
been taught from early infancy and throughout
all their lives to treat them with that kindness
with which an inferior race ought to be treated
by a superior race.
.Sir,, it has been stated during this debate—
and if it had not been for the introduction of
this amendment perhaps I should not have said
a word even upon the final passage of tlie bill
•—that the adoption of this measure was a duty
the Congress of the United States owed the
nation, and it was to be done for the benefit
and for the example of the nation.
Sir, I thought that the object governing the
framers of the Constitution in giving exclusive
legislative power over the District to the Con-
gress of the United States was not to legislate
for the people of (he whole United States, but
to legislate for the people of the District of
. Columbia. It gave this exclusive jurisdiction
over the ten miles square because the capital
being located here and the public property
being located here, it was necessary and proper
that Congress should have the control of the
District so as to preserve and protect the cap-
ital of the country; but so far as legislation to
govern the people was concerned it was de-
signed to relate simply and solely to the people
of the District of Columbia. It was not for
purpose of setting up a model government to
be imitated by States, no more than it was to
set up a model government to be imitated by
all the nations of the earth.
And now, sir, I appeal to the honest heart
of every Senator here, if it be true, as I suppose
it is true, that the Congress of the United States
sustains the same relation to the people of this
District as the Legislature of a State does to
the people of a State, and if in the States from
which you come, Senators, there was such a large
proportion of the whole people opposed to con-
ferring the right of suffrage upon the negroes
in your midst, would you, in deiiance of that
strong popular sentiment and will, confer the
suffrage upon the negroes in your own State ?
1 ask the Senators from Maine. I ask the Sen-
ators from Kansas, and other Senators who
have spoken on this subject in advocacy of this
bill, if this question were to be submitted to
your own people, whether the suffrage should
bo conferred upon the negro race in your midst
and there was such a majority of the white peo-
ple of your State opposed to it as there is in
the District of Columbia opposed to it; that is,
if the opposition to it was as great in proportion
t o the numbers in your States as it is here, would
jou vote for it?
Gentlemen, you would not unless you in-
tended to make political martyrs of yourselves.
Now, you being the Legislature of the District
of Columbia, and the people of this city hav-
ing by a vote of between six and seven thou-
sand against thirty-five asked you not to pass
this act, and the other portions of the District
being unanimously opposed, will you do it?
You would not do it if you were legislating for
the people of your own States. You are now
acting as the Legislature of the District of
Columbia. Then you are not governed in
your action by a desire to conform to the will
of the people for whom you act, but by a
desire to show here an example of free negro
government so that that example may be im-
itated in other sections of the country, and
you hope that from this center will go forth
such an influence as to cause the people in the
different States of the Union to follow your
example.
Mr. President, be not mistaken. I know it
has been said that the people of the southern
States will follow this example. It has been
said in other quarters that unless they do they
shall have no part or lot in the Federal Union,
but that they shall be reduced to a territorial
condition and shall be no longer States of
this Union. Sir, there is nothing that stings
a proud and noble spirit so much as dishonor,
and I trust in God there is not a son of a
southern State who will so debase and degrade
himself as to accept of representation in either
House of Congress upon such degrading and
dishonorable terms. What, sir, gallant, proud,
and noble States of the American Union to be
asked to follow your example, and to admit to
participation in the legislation of their States
a numerous class of persons, wholly unfit,
wholly incapable of exercising any of the
offices, powers, or functions of Government!
Never, sir, never. You have no right to
impose such conditions and they would degrade
themselves, if they accepted them.
But, sir, during the progress of this discus-
sion the merits of this bill have been placed
upon higher grounds, or what are supposed to
be higher grounds. It has been put on the
ground of the equality of the races in the sight
of God and of man, and we were told by the
honorable Senator from Maine, [Mr. Mobrii-.l,]
in effect and in substance, thatthose who denied
this doctrine were infidels. Then, sir, all the
civilized nations which have ever lived on earth
among whom the African race existed were
infidels; then, sir, was the writer of the Pen-
tateuch himself an infidel. Now, I charge
home, that instead of the doctrine of the infe-
riority of race being a doctrine of infidelity, the
assumption of the equality of races is itself
infidelity, because it is a denial ofthe Scriptures.
Although I had no intention of entering upon
this train of thought, I will dwell upon it for a
moment longer, as I seethe honorable Senator
now before me, and he was good enough to
indicate to us that he was a believer, and that
some of us were infidels, in hi-! reference to a
passage of Scripture. " cursed is Canaan; ser-
vant of servants shall he be.'' The Senator
proclaimed in effect that those who believed
that thereby the curse of slavery or servitude
was put upon this race were infidels. Let me
tell that Senator that if he believes the Bible,,
even accepting the meaning ofthe word found
in that passage as ''servant,'' he must himself
admit the negro's inferiority. If this class of
people be in fact, the descendants of Canaan,
then he must admit that the Bible itself says
servant of servants shall they be. Then they
are distinguished from their brethren in that
respect. Then there is inferiority of condition.
But I will show to that honorable Senator
that the words in which that curse were pro-
nounced prove conclusively that something, if
not to be lasting and forever, yet something of
great magnitude was contained in that curse.
What is the language used ? I refer my very
learned friend to the original in which it is
placed, and if he will refer to the term "ser-
vant of servants'' he will find it there expressed
in the strong words naubad naubadan. which
means "slave of slaves," or, according to .the
idiom of that language, a slave forever, and
for his benefit I will tell him that that word
corresponds with the word S<m\os, doulos, ia
Greek, which means a slave born about your
house as a slave. But, sir, I had no intention
of alluding to that branch of the honorable
Senator's argument, and would not had-1 not
seen him present in the Chamber.
Mr. President what should be the object of-
Congress in legislating for the people of this
District? Should it be to try an experiment,
or should it be the practical good of the people
living here ? Is there any Senator who believes
that giving the right of suffrage to this large
class of free negroes would cause the affairs ;®f
this city to be better 'administered? Is there
any Senator who believes that by conferring
upon this class of people the right of voting at
the elections in this District, better officers will
be thereby selected; that the financial affairs of
this corporation will be better managed, the
general prosperity of the people of the District
be promoted, and their general good and hap-
piness advanced ? Is there such agreat amount
of wisdom to be found in this class of people
that it is necessary to call in their aid for the
administration of its affairs? If so, the advo-
cates of this bill have made a wonderful dis-
covery, indeed.
But, Mr. President, as all argument upon
this subject will.be unavailing, as nothing can
I suppose prevent the final passage of this bill,
and I presume its finally becoming a law, I
content myself simply with protesting against
it as a Senator upon this floor.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 12, 1866.
The Hotfse met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Botxtox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The. following members, in addition tothoga
heretofore reported, appeared, namely:
Missouri—John Ilogau.
J\ew York—Thomas T. Davis and Demas
Hubbard.
Pennsylvania—Charles Denison.
TV Alt DEBTS OK LOYAL STATES.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution for considera-
tion at this time:
Resolved, That the committeeon the war debts of the
loyal States be directed to inquire in to the expediency
of assigning to each loyal State the right to tax the
national banks within its limits ata ratenot exceed-
ing two per cent, annually on the capital stock, said
tax to be ill lieu of all national taxes except one
tenth of one per cent, on the average annual circula-
tion for the expenses of the Currency Bureau, and to
be accepted by the loyal States as satisfaction in full
for all claims against the Government tor expenses
iucurrcd in raising and organizing troops for the late
war, other than those that may be audited and paid
under existing law.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I object.
REPORTS OF LAKE SURVEYS.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide for the annual publica-
tion of a separate report of the progress of the
survey of the northern and northwestern lakes;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Printing, and ordered to
be printed.
WITHDRAWAL 01' NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. PRICE. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolutions:
Whereas by an act ot Congress passed at the last
session it was provided that the Secretary of the
Treasury might withdraw from circulation $4,000,000
of United States notes each month; and whereas the
object of such withdrawal was for the purpose of de-
stroying said United States notes, and thus gradually
but surely lessening the volume of paper currency m
the country, and thus enabling the Government and
the banks to return as speedily as consistent with
safety to a specie basis: Therefore, , .
Be it resolved, That the Committee on Banking and
