850
THE GOKGRESSIOJSTAiL GLOBE.
January 29,
dition in which we have been for the last year
and a half, and to which everything else was
subordinate.
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. NIBLACK. . Yes, sir.
Mr. LYNCH. I wish to know whether the
fact that this man at the beginning of the war
sent a telegram to persons in South Carolina,
notifying them of a secret expedition fitted out
by the Government for the relief of Fort Sum-
ter, is not, in the opinion of the gentleman, a
sufficient reason why we should refuse to con-
tinue him in office, or if we cannot procure his
removal, refuse to appropriate money to pay
him.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Chairman, the gen-
tleman from .Maine [Mr. Lynch] has not, I
think, heard this debate or he would not ask
that question. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Banks] has already stated 
Mr. LYNCH. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I wish to say a single word in regard
to the explanation made by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, which was that this tele-
gram was probably sent by Mr. Harvey by the
advice or with the connivance of the Adminis-
tration for the purpose of letting the southern
rebels know that we were going to fight. Now,
it will be recollected that there was a secret
expedition sent out by the Government, and
that in consequence of the receipt of this tele-
gram the rebels opened their bombardment. I
ask, is it probable that the Administration,
having sent a secret expedition right into the
jftws of the rebel batteries, would have taken
means to send by an agent hero a notification
which would induce the rebels to open fire
upon our vessels ? To my mind the explana-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts is
the most improbable that could be given.
Ml'. NIBLACK. Mr. Chairman, if the ob-
jection which the gentleman from Maine urges
against Minister Harvey is a valid one, then
his pay ought to have been withheld six years
ago. But, sir, whether or not the objection be
a good one, the party represented by the  ma-
jority in this House are estopped from making
that objection now, because so long as that
party had possession of all the departments
of the Government it continued him in office.
The occurrence to which the gentleman alludes
happened soon after Mr. Harvey's appointment,
but before lie left the country. With a full
knowledge of all the facts Mr. Lincoln's Ad-
ministration declined to recall him, and sent
him abroad on his mission. The suggestions
of the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch] are
unfortunate for a friend of the late Administra-
tion.
Mr. IIISE. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Indiana whether the present Secretary of
State did not some time ago, in writing to our
minister at Paris, and instructing him to make
explanations to the French Government in re-
gard to the enforcement of the Monroe doc-
trine, request our minister to inform Napoleon
that the action of this House furnished an indi-
cation of its sentiment, but was not to be re-
garded at all as having any control or influence
over the executive department of the Govern-
ment of this country. And if the salary of this
minister to Portugal is to be withheld on ac-
count of the letter which has been read, is not
that dispatch of Mr. Seward an equally strong
reason why Congress should make no appro-
priation for the salary of the Secretary of State ?
Mr. NIBLACK. I thank the gentleman for
his suggestion ; but I cannot allow myself to
digress for the purpose of discussing that view
of the question now. The object which I had
in view in offering this amendment was to have
it understood why we are asked to depart from
what has been heretofore the uniform practice
of Congress, so far as I know, in making ap-
propriations of this kind. As has been .well
said by some gentlemen who preceded me, if
we desire to get rid of this minister uncondi-
tionally we have but to abolish the office; and
I"thinli; this, in all fairness, is the proper way
-to meet the question. So long as this minister
is permitted to reside abroad, representing this
country, I do think we owe it to ourselves to
see that he is paid, and to look somewhere else
for a remedy if we aro dissatisfied with the
minister. Nothing that has been said here is
sufficient to induce me vote to withhold the
salary of this gentleman or any other gentle-
man under like circumstances. I do not think
it is legitimate political warfare, and will estab-
lish a precedent that will demoralize our insti-
tutions and degrade us as a people.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope, by unanimous
consent, the rest of this bill will be considered
under the five-minute rule.
Mf. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
a vote to be taken on this question in the
House ?
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection atall.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then we make no objec-
tion to the five-minute rule.
The CHAIRMAN. Then by common eon-
sent the amendment will be considered adopted,
so that a vote may be taken on it in the House.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Is it in order to move
to strike out "Rome?"
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I make that motion, and
I desire only to say I know no sufficient reason
why our Government should have diplomatic
relations with a foreign hierarchy. The last
information we have had, although it does not
come in an official form, is of the removal of
the American Protestant church outside of
the city of Rome. I do not know whether the
Papal Government, comprising now no more
than the city of Rome, is anything more than
an ecclesiastical jurisdiction. There is no resi-
dent here from the Papal States, and I should
like the chairman of the committee to give the
reason why we should be represented by a
minister resident at the Papal court.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman had
waited I should myself have moved an amend-
ment striking out the word " Rome " and in-
serting what i will send to the Chair.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out Rome at the end of lino fifteen, and
insert as follows:
"Whereas it is beneath the dignity and contrary to
justice that this nation should be represented at
any Court or Government which prohibits free wor-
ship by American citizens within its jurisdiction of
tho Christian religion; and whereas the Roman Gov-
ernment has lately ordered the American ehurcbcs
to be removed outside of tho city and prohibited the
free exercjse by tliem of the Christian religion
therein: Therefore no money hereby appropriated
shall bo paid for the support of the United States
legation at Home or for tho future expenses of such
legation.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I accept that amend-
ment as a modification of my own.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Chairman, I ask
whether the same line of argument does not
apply to the Court of Constantinople and the
Court of Spaiir, and whether the tyrannical
exercise of power by the Mussulmans toward
the Christians is not as just a basis for legisla-
tion toward that Court as that which we are
now considering. And I will ask the gentle-
man whether the rule which he is now seeking
to break down at Rome has not been in exist-
ence for centuries, and did not exist at the
time our missions to that Court was established.
I wish gentlemen to draw a line just here, and
to take into consideration that at Rome exclu-
sion by reason of faith is the established rule
of the Government. Let us not act in the very
face of existing institutions established at Rome
and recognized by us before any minister was
sent there.
Mr. STEVENS. I will answer the gentle-
man's question, as I suppose he wants an
answer. In Constantinople the exercise of
the Christian religion is perfectly protected,
and I am not aware it is prohibited in Spain.
And it is only lately that our churches have,
been excluded from Rome—I think within six'
months. I saw recently by the London papers
that our churches had been removed outside
of the walls of Rome.
Mr. CHANLER. We all know that the
Christians of the Empire of Turkey are sub-
jected to the most tyrannical oppression. The
existing revolution in Crete is the result of the
oppression by Turkey of the Christians of that
island.
Mr. STEVENS. I have not risen to defend
Turkey, but only to.say that in the city of Con-
stantinople the exercise of the Christian reli-
gion is allowed. • I think we have several
churches there.
Mr. BANKS. If there were any official
information in the possession of the House
that would justify changing- our relations with
the city of Rome I would not. object to it, but
at present we have nothing but the reports of
newspapers. We have sent for information,
but it has not yet been given to us. This can
be passed over now and taken up and acted
on hereafter. I hope the House will not agree
to any amendment until we have official in-
formation on the subject.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. CHANLER. I move to strike out the
last word of the amendment. Mr. Chairman,
in opposing the motion made by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania I make no objection to a
proper, dignified expression of opinion on the
part of this Government; but I do object to a
special case of this character brought up now
without any broader or deeper reason than that
presented in the preamble to the amendment.
The gentleman should extend his amendment
to the Government of Turkey for its treatment
of Christians. There are Governments through-
out the world with which we have intimate diplo-
matic relations which limit the rights of sepul-
ture and of religion and sometimes banish men
for differing with the -governing power; and
I believe that the secret motive of every Gov-
ernment in maintaining the peculiar opinions
of its own people should "be respected here,
for toleration is the basis of our own institu-
tions. Ours practically has become a Protest-
ant Government, at least made to appear such
by such sectarian acts as this. If the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
means anything, it is a direct expression of
Protestant resentment against the Papal Gov-
ernment of Rome. It is a renewal in a form
most objectionable in my mind of a system
long worn out and which for wise reasons the
Government of the United States has always
passed over and left to sleep in the oblivion of
ages, beneath the ruin of empires that have
fought out these questions of prejudice, of reli-
gious sects in the Christian church.
Sir, the Christian who goes to Rome for
purposes of faith goes there as the Mussulman
foes to Mecca, and if the gentleman from
'ennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] were to attempt
a pilgrimage to Mecca to-day his valuable
life would be sacrificed and lost to his excellent
constituency; he would be immolated upon the
altar of Mohammedan prejudice. The reason,
good or bad, for which the Catholic hierarchy
of Rome excludes the Protestant church from
its walls is not a matter of debate here. It is
an established principle of the Roman hie-
rarchy that the ritual of its establishment must
be exclusive, and though myself a Protestant,
I cannot as a member of this Government,
representing a Catholic constituency, under
the tolerant principles of our Constitution,
consent to this bold attack, upon an estab-
lished religion, equally Christian with our
own. They have as much right to exclude the
Protestant church from the walls of Rome as
the gentlemen on this floor and elsewhere who,
under the organization of Know-Nothingism,
would, have branded every man who differed
with it on the question of religion. We have
had this issue fought out at the ballot-box in
this country, and it has been fought on more
bloody fields than can be numbered here in
the five minutes allowed for debate. I j o -
test against inaugurating this petty cause of
discord between the head of the papal church
and the Government of the United States.
The system of that hierarchy organized through-
out this country is one of the greatest instru-
ments of civilization that we possess. It has
done as much to advance civilization here as
