1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1527
Mr. BENJAMIN said: I find that we have
already '' swung around the circle'' to the
extent of $1,000 in a previous portion of the
bill, as will be seen by the following clause:
For taking care of the Cirole on Pennsylvania
avenue, $1,000.
I therefore move to strike out the clause just
read.
The question was takeu; and upon a division,
there were—ayes 20, noes 30; no quorum
voting. .
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Ben jamin and
Mr. Rice, of Maine, were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes seven ; noes not
counted.
So the motion to strike out was not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read as follows:
For painting the' iron fences around La Fayette
square, in front of the War and Navy Departments,
in front of the Executive Mansion, and the Govern-
ment portion of the fence around Judiciary square,
$10,000.
Mr. GRTNNELL. I move to reduce the J
appropriation in this clause to $5,000. I i
understand the Committee on Appropriations
consent to that.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For new crossings on Pennsylvania avenue, $10,000.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to amend by
striking out "$10,000" and inserting "$5,000." j
The question was taken ; and upon a divis- ]
ion, there were—ayes 27, noes SO; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Grinnell
and Mr. Farnsworth were appointed.
The committee again divided; but Mr.
Farnsworth reported that the tellers could
not agree.
Other tellers were ordered; and Mr. Law-
rence, of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Cooper were
appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes forty-nine;
noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
Mr. HAYES. I move to strike out the
following:
For the purpose of having portraits of es-Presi-
dents of the United States, which have been exe-
cuted under contract with the joint Committee of
the Library of Congress, properly framed, $900, to
be expended under direction of the Secretary of tho
Interior.
There is a fund already provided for that
purpose.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
To enable the register of deeds of tho District of
Cotumbia to pay for books of record furnished, and
fitting necessary shelving in his office, $600.
Mr. UPSON. I move to amend by striking
out the paragraph just read.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SLOAN. I move to amend by inserting
the following as a new paragraph.
That the Senate of the United States shall elect a
Superintendent of Public Buil dings, who shall hold his
office for the term of four years and until his successor
is elected, and shall perform all the duties now re-
quired to be performed by the Commissioner of Public
Buildings; and the office of tho Commissioner of
Public Buildings is hereby abolished.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Smithsonian Institution:
For the preservation of the collections of tho ex-
jsloringandsurveying expeditionsof the Government,
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to amend the
paragraph just read by striking out the word
" four," and inserting in lieu thereof "ten;"
so as to increase the appropriation to $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Patent Offiee:
For expenses of receiving, arranging, and taking
care of copyright books, charts, and otner copyright
matter, $1,800.
For preparing illustrations and descriptions for the
report of the Commissioner of Patents, $10,000.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I desire to inquire
of the chairman of the committee why these
two appropriations should not be paid out of
the Patent Office fund ?
Mr. STEVEN S. They always are.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, Will they be unless
we so specify?
Mr. STEVENS. Perhaps it may be well to
add a provision to that effect.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move, then, to
amend by inserting after the word " dollars"
in each of these two appropriations the words
"to be paid out of the Patent Office fund."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Columbian Institution for the Deaf and Dumb:
For the support of the institution, including $1,000
for books and illustrativo apparatus, $25,000: Pro-
vided, That deaf mutes residing in theseveral States
and Territories of the United States, applying for
admission to the collegiate department of the insti-
tution, shall be received on the same terms and con-
ditions as those prescribed by law for residents of
the District of Columbia, at the discretion of the
president.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by add-
ing at the end of the paragraph just read the
words "of the institution."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For surveying the public lands in Dakota Territory,
at rates not exceeding ten dollars per >ine&l mile for
standard lines, seven dollars for township and six
dollars for section lines, $10,000.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out "ten" and
inserting "fifteen," so as to increase the appro-
priation to $15,000.
Mr. KASSON. I move as an amendment
to the amendment to insert after the word
"Territory" the words "including the lands
on the Red River of the North."
Mr. JULIAN. I accept that amendment as
a modification of my amendment.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For surveying the public lands in Nebraska Terri-
tory, at rates not exceeding ten dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, six dollars for township and
five dollars for section lines, $15,000.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move to amend
by striking out in the paragraph just read the
word "Territory."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For surveying the public lands in Colorado Terri-
tory, at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile tor standard lines, eight dollars for township
and seven dollars for section lines, $15,000.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move to amend
by striking out in this paragraph the word
" Territory."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For thesurvey of the forty-second parallel of north
latitude, so far as it constitutes the common bound-
ary between the States of California and Oregon,
estimated two hundred and twenty miles, at not
exceeding sixty dollars per mile, $13,847.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move to amend
by inserting after the paragraph just read the
following:
For the survey of boundary line between the State
of Oregon and the Territory of Idaho, commencing
at the northern boundary of the State of Nevada
and running north to its intersection at Snake river,
estimated one hundred and sixty miles, at not ex-
ceeding sixty dollars per mile, $9,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the Light-
House Board be authorized to apply any unexpended
balance which may remain after the completion of
a light-house work on the Pacific coast to the con-
struction of any other similar work upon the same
coast, which may have been authorizedjby Congress,
but for which the amount appropriated may prove
insufficient.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by add-
ing at the end of the paragraph just read the
following:
Provided, That no superintendent of lights whose
compensation as collector of customs exceeds $3,000
per annum shall receive any compensation as dis-
bursing agent for the Light-House Establishment,
i whether the gumg disbursed by him be for articles to
be used or services rendered within or without the
limits of his superintendency or collection districts.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the privilege
of receiving and sending free, under proper frank,
all official communications be granted to the chair-
man and secretaries of the Light-House Board.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the section just read. It is, perhaps,
a little broader than it ought to be, and would,
I think, in some form be more properly in-
cluded in some Post Office appropriation bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the salary of
the general appraiser in the city of New York shall
be the same as that of the appraiser general of Bos-
ton.
Mr. MYERS. I move to amend by adding
after the section just read the following:
To enable the joint Committee on the Library of
Congress to purchase the bust of Pulaski, now in the
old Hall of the House of Representatives, executed
by the late Henry D. Saunders, $2,500.
Mr. Chairman, I intended to move this
amendment .on page 17, that being its proper
place; and if it be adopted, as I hope it will, I
trust it will find its proper position on that page.
The propriety of this appropriation can be
explained in a very few words. In 1856 Henry
D. Saunders, a celebrated sculptor, whose
father was the intimate friend of Pulaski, and
who afterward lost his life in the defense of
his native Poland, executed, at the request of
the joint Committee on the Library, a bust of
Kosciusko, which was purchased by Congress
for the Capitol. He was also asked to execute
a bust of Pulaski, and to this end was given
the possession of a room in this Capitol. The
paintings from which he took his model were
imported from Europe, and the busts them-
selves were executed from the very finest Car-
rara marble. The marble for the bust of
Pulaski cost him $500. After he had exe-
cuted his work he went to Europe and up to
the time of his death frequently wrote for pay-
ment, but there was no appropriation for that
purpose. His administrator now makes a sim-
ilar request on behalf of his heirs, who really
need the money. This bust stands in the old
Hall of the House. I am not versed in these
matters, but to my unartistic eye it seems that
the sculptor has done his work in the most ex-
quisite manner, and such seems to be the uni-
versal opinion. If for no other reason we
ought not to fail in the possession of this bust,
"because it is that of one of the bravest defend-
ers of this Government in its earliest days—
the Polish patriot who lost his life in our cause
before Savannah during our revolutionary
struggle. The matter has been submitted to
the joint Committee on the Library, and the
petition and affidavit was referred some time
since to the Cotamittee on Appropriations, who
do notdeny the justice of the claim.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to withdraw his
amendment for the present so that I may move
one which comes before it.
Mr. MYERS. I withdraw it for that pur-
pose.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
at the end of section five to add as follows:
And the salaries of assistant appraisers at Boston,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, New Orleans, and San
Francisco shall be $2,500 per annum.
The CHAIRMAN. This section is rendered
necessary to remedy a defect in the law passed
last year.
Mr. ROSS. Is this an increase?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It adds
$500 to their compensation. We added to all
the other officers last year except to these, who
were accidentally omitted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MYERS. I now renew my amendment
for the payment of the bust of Pulaski.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania what he supposes to be the value
of this bust. It strikes me $2,600 is a very
high price to pay for it.
