1528
Hffi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
Mr. MYERS. The Carrara marble itself
cost $500. The bust was executed under the
direction of Senator Pearce, of Maryland, and
Job R. Tyson, of Philadelphia, members of the
joint Committee on the Library in 1857, as a
companion bust to that of Kosciusko. It was
made double th&rlife size at their request, and
exhibits exquisite workmanship, as the gentle-
man from New York who has an artistic taste
will discover when he examines it. The work
itself is of far greater value than the price we
now propose to pay for it. It will be a most
appropriate ornament for this Capitol as the
bust of one of our country's most gallant de-
fenders, worthy to be placed beside that of
Kosciusko. In honoring the memory of these
heroes the country does itself honor. I hope
the amendment will prevail.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to move the following
amendment:
That the clerk of pardons in the Department of
State be placed on the same footing in regard to com-
fiensation for extra services under the amnesty proc-
amationof the 29th of May, 1866, as the principal
clerk of pardons in the Attorney General's office; and
any money iu the Treasury not otherwise appropriated
is hereby appropriated for this purpose.
At the last session of Congress, after hearing
all the evidence on the subject, and being sat-
isfied of its propriety, we reconlmended there
should be $2,000 for extra compensation.
J'he amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
theduty of the Clerk of the House of Representatives
to select in Virginia, South Carolina, North Caro-
lina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisi-
ana, Texas, and Arkansas one or more newspapers,
not exceeding in number the number of Representa-
tives to which they would have severally been enti-
tled by the apportionment based upon the census of
1860, in which treaties hereafter proclaimed and the
laws passed at this and at each subsequent session of
tli" Congress, and such advertisements as may be
ordered by either Executive Department of the Gov-
ernment, according to law, or by any officer of the
courts of the United States, for publication therein
shall be published, the compensation for which, and
other terms of publication, shall be fixed by said
Clerk, at a rate not exceeding one dollar per square
of eight lines of space, the accounts for which shall
be adjusted by the proper accounting officers and
paid in the manner now authorized by law in the
like cases; and said Clerk shall, as soon as practica-
ble after the passage of this act, notify each head of
the Executive Departments of the papers selected by
him in accordance with the foregoing provisions;
and thereupon and thereafter it shall be the duty of
the several executive officers charged therewith to
iurnish to each of said papers an authentic copy of
the publications to bo made as aforesaid; and no
money hereby or otherwise appropriated shall be
hereafter paid forany publicationsoradvertiseinents
to be made as aforesaid otherwise than as herein
provided.
Mr. KASSON. I rise for the purpose of
moving to perfect the section. I move to
strikeout all after the word "sixty," in line
eight, down to and including the words "pub-
lished," in lirffe thirteen, as follows:
In which treaties hereafter proclaimed and the laws
passed at this and at each subsequent session of the
Congress, and such advertisements as may be ordered
by either executive department of the Government
according to law, or by any officer of the courts of the
u nited States, for publication therein shall bo pub-
lished.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following :
In which such treaties and laws of the United States
as may be ordered for publication in newspapers
according to law shall bo published, and in sotne
one or more of which so selected, all such admertise-
lnents as may be ordered for publication in said dis-
tricts by any United States court or judge thereof,
or by any officer of suoh court or by any executive
officer oi the United States shall be published.
That amendment will make the section more
perfect by requiring that all laws or treaties,
eveu if heretofore passed or proclaimed re-
spectively, shall be published as provided.
'1 he object sought to be accomplished is dif-
ferent to that expressed in the bill only to this
extent, that if laws heretofore passed or trea-
ties heretofore proclaimed shall be published
tliey shall be published, in these papers, as
well as those hereafter passed and proclaimed
Mr. UPSON. What is the meaning of the
word " districts?"
Mr. KASSON. Simply because it refers
to the judges of courts, and they are assigned
to districts. It is a mere geographical de-
scription.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. KASSON. I move to insert in line
twenty before the words "executive depart-
i ment" the word "several."
| The amendment was agreed to.
[ Mr. KASSON. I move to insert in the same
j line, after the word "department" the words
| "and each judge of a United States court
therein."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend in line
twenty-three by striking out the words "each
of said" before the word "papers," and insert
in lieu thereof "such selected."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend in line
twenty-seven by striking out the words "as
aforesaid," and inserting in lieu thereof "in
said districts."
These amendments are merely designed to
perfect the section and make it consistent.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to strike out the
whole section.
Mr. HILL. Before the question is taken on
striking out, I move to amend the section by
inserting after the word " in," in line three, as
follows, "the several States, including;" and
after the word "which," in line six, as follows:
" those now represented in Congress are enti-
tled and those unrepresented," and strike out
the word "they" immediately following; so
that it will read:
That it shall be the duty of the Clerk of the House
of Representatives to select in the several States,
including Virginia, South Carolina, North Carolina,
Georgia, Florida, Alaoaraa, Mississippi, Louisiana,
Texas, and Arkansas, one or more newspapers, not
exceeding in number the number of Representatives
to which those now represented in Congress are enti-
tled, and those unrepresented would have severally
been entitled, by the apportionment based upon the
census of 1860.
The object of my amendment is to make the
publication of the laws uniform throughout the
United States. The bill, as it now stands,
authorizes the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives to designate in certain States the
newspapers in which the laws shall be pub-
lished. I can see no reason why the same
authority should not be vested in the Clerk
in regard to other States as well as in these.
Under my amendment the Clerk will be author-
ized to designate in all the States the newspa-
pers in which (he laws shall be published.
Mr. KASSON. I could not hear very dis<
tinctly the proposition of the gentleman from
Indiana; but i understand its object to be to
embrace other States than those provided for
iu the bill.
Mr. HILL. It embraces all the States.
Mr. KASSON. To that the Committee on
Appropriations determined to object in order
to confine the question to those States which
have no representation on this floor. There
are Representatives here from the other States,
and probably in two years from now there will
be Representatives here from these States who
will be able to regulate these matters in the
usual mode.
I trust, sir, we shall not change the system
as it regards the loyal States. There is no
demand for such a change, no call for it.
Mr. U MIX NELL. I would ask my colleague
why he proposes by this amendment to have
the laws published in nine papers in Virginia
when they are only published in two papers in
Iowa?
Mr. KASSON. I think the answer to that
question is very plain. In the first place, this
amendmtat does not provide that the laws
shall be published in all the districts, but sim-
ply that they shall be published in such papers,
not exceeding the number of districts, as the
Clerk of the House may prescribe.
A second reason is that the loyal papers in
the South are struggling for life to-day; they
are struggling to carry Union sentiment into
the South, and as we are in the habit of pub-
lishing the laws in more than two papers in
other States, we ought to extend the same
privilege to the papers of these States, tinder
a selection to be made by the Clerk of the
House.
Let me say further that there is no rebel
State which has a paper in each district known
to be loyal and adhering to the Union in the
sense which was understood during the war
and since the war. We provide, therefore, that
the laws of the United States shall be published
in papers in thege States to be selected by the
Clerk, not exceeding the number of represent-
ative districts.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. HILL. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word, and I do it
for the purpose of replying to the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson.] I appreciate the
motives of the gentleman, and I am as anxious
to encourage the publication of these adver-
tisements in the loyal papers of the South as
he can be; but while that is true, I under-
stand the object of this provision to be to take
the appointing power in this matter from where
it now exists, and where it is used to crush out
loyal sentiment in the northern States—in the
States that have put down the rebellion—and
to foster in the southern and disloyal States
disloyal sentiment, and to give it to an officer
of this House, who will use it in such a way as
to develop the loyal sentiment in the South, if
such exist.
Now, I think that that is a worthy object;
but it is no more worthy than to encourage
the loyal sentiment in those States where loy-
alty has been the predominating element, where
the Administration for which we are unfortu-
nately responsible, and which we put in power,
has turned upon us and is using its influence
to crush ns out; and by no means can it do it
more effectually than by this means which we
new propose to deprive it of.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if the principle is a
correct one, that the Clerk of this House should
distribute this patronage, then I insist upon
making a clean sweep of it. Let ns put this
patronage for the whole country in the hands
of a man who will stand by the Congress of
the United States, instead of the Administra-
tion that has turned traitor to it.
Mr. CHANLER. The amendment offerod
by the gentleman from .Indiana opens a very
fair field of inquiry on this side of the House
as to what he means. The proposition is a
very plain statement on the part of this Con-
gress through the voice of its majority, that
the distribution of patronage to the press of
this country is not now to their liking. The
amendment of the gentleman is intended to
strike at those presses of the northern States
Which do not happen to utter the opinions
peculiar to his party.
Now, sir, it is a matter of great indifference
to the Democratic party of this country how
the Secretary of State distributes his pat-
ronage. So far as I understand it, it cannot
hurt any of the papers which represent pure
Democratic sentiment at the North; but unless
gentlemen intend to inaugurate a system simi-
lar to that established in Europe of regulating
public opinion by inspecting the opinions of
the press before they are issued to the coun-
try, they had better stop here and leave the
press that freedom which it has enjoyed, at
least at the North, except under the tinkling
of the bell of the Secretary of State.
As a matter of revenge, the northern press,
which has felt the hand of this gentleman, may
be grateful for this amendment; but the effect
of such a policy as this amendment inaugurates
would be fatal to the very party to which the
gentleman belongs, which assumes to be the
special party of freedom in every department
of life, in every section of the country, and
among all colors. Certainly, sir, the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Ste-
vens] cannot sustain any such amendment, and
if gentlemen intend to carry on this assault
upon the freedom of the press, North and South,
if they intend to inaugurate this principle of
suppressing the right to express opinions
