1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
mission of the amendment to them is an ad-
mission on the part of every radical member
of this House that they are not citizens or enti-
tled to all the privileges and immunities of white
citizens. They should not be taxed without
representation, and are not deprived of repre-
sentation, for all are to be counted in the basis
of representation.
Mr. FINCK. I desire to ask my friend
from New Jersey whether it is not true that
r-iiice 1789 the negroes of the southern States
and of all the States have been represented in
Congress ?
Mr. ROGERS. Most certainly, all of them
have been represented, and three fifths of the
slaves. My question is not about too much
representation, but because the South have no
representation. My point is that this Govern-
ment does not give to tliesouthern States any rep-
resentation at all. I do not care how far you
allow the negroes to be represented, for they
are all now to be counted, as they are all free.
You cannot extend representation too far,
because our fathers founded representation on
population, and I want the whole population
of this country to be represented. But the
question now arises as one, between despotism
and liberty, a question wherein the majority
of this Congress by the exercise of unlawful,
unauthorized, and unconstitutional powers are
depriving our southern brethren of their rights
of representation and still taxing them as did
Great Britain her Colonies.
Mr. KELLEY. I understood the gentleman
to state the question as one between despotism
and liberty, and it is upon that point I wish to
interrupt him. I understand him to assert that
that is despotism which denies to a citizen rep-
resentation, and I desire to ask him whether
that is liberty or despotism which denies to
millions of its people not only representation
but citizenship and yet taxes them.
Mr. ROGERS. It is not citizenship I com-
plain of but the want of representation, and as I
before stated all the negroes have representa-
tion. If the gentleman's theory of despotism
as to suffrage and citizenship be correct, then
our fathers who framed the Constitution of the
U nited States were despots themselves, because
they did not grant the right of suffrage to the
people of this country by virtue of the Consti-
tution, and only made white persons citizens,
but left each of the States to regulate and con-
trol those subjects for itself, and all I ask is
that each State in this Union shall have the
right to regulate and' control this question of
suffrage and citizenship according to its own
will. I want South Carolina and New Jersey
and the other States to settle for themselves
this matter of citizenship and suffrage as the
Constitution gives them authority to do, and
to allow such persons to vote as they please.
And if they allow all negroes and all women
and children and all foreigners to vote I will
not find any fault, because it will be but an
exercise of the sovereign power of the State
expressly reserved to it, and over which this
Congress has no control.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman misappre-
hends the scope of my question. I did not ask
him as to the opinion of the founders of the
Government, but those of the leader of the
Democratic party in the House. Is he in favor
of denying the right of representation and citi-
zenship u> four millions of the American peo-
ple and their posterity, and will he declaim
against that as despotism which asks that every
man shall be a citizen, and that no citizen who
is not allowed a free voice in electing his Rep-
resentative shall lie taxed directly or indirectly?
Mr. ROGERS. Sir, my position is simply
that I am opposed to imposing upon the peo-
ple of the South citizenship or suffrage by vir-
tue ot'anv congressional legislation or of amend-
ing the Constitution so as to give that power.
I want each State to legislate on and control
this question of citizenship and suffrage accord-
ing to it-! own will. 1 claim that the power is
in the bauds of the people of each State to con-
trol and legislate on their own domestic policy,
according to their own individual wishes, and
I say that there is no authority in the Federal
Government delegated to it by the States that
will authorize three fourths of the States to
take away, by virtue of a constitutional amend-
ment, any reserved powers not delegated and
handed over to the Federal Government in the
formation of the Constitution of the United
States. I have always taken the ground that
you cannot amend the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States so as to affect powers thatdid not come
within the scope and meaning of the delegated
powers. That is my position. Because if you
can you can amend it so as to strike down and
destroy every fundamental and reserved power
which the Constitution gives to the States and
which the States withheld from the Federal
Government at the time it was established.
That is my position. I am for liberty as much
as any one, but I am not in favor of negro
suffrage. I oppose negro suffrage in every
shape and form.
Mr. THAYER. I understand the gentle-
man to say that he is for liberty as much as
anybody else. I ask him if he did not vote
against the constitutional amendment abolish-
ing slavery.
Mr. ROGERS. Yes, sir, upon the very
simple ground that the institution of slavery
was one that belonged to the States and one
which the States had not delegated to the Fed-
eral Government.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I understood the
gentleman to say that he opposed the constitu-
tional amendment abolishing slavery. My rec-
ollection is that he did not vote on the subject.
Mr. ROGERS. The first time I voted; the
next time I did not. I did not vote on it the
second time because I was sick upon my bed,
and the physician who attended upon me will
file an affidavit that I was unable to leave my
bed at that time. I was confined to my room
for six days. I would have deemed it a duty
and a pleasure if my health would have allowed
me to have voted against it. But if has been
passed, the slaves are free, and as long as I
live I will stand by and maintain their freedom.
Slavery was made the corner-stone of the
rebellion, and when the rebellion went down
it went down with it. It was submitted to the
arbitrament of arms, and the decision went
against it. It is now dead and gone, and
when it rises again somebody else must blow
the horn of resurrection. I never was in its
favor in the abstract, but sustained the right
of the States to control it as they pleased.
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. ROGERS. Certainly.
Mr. THAYER. The gentleman said a little
while ago that in his opinion the constitutional
amendment was void. Now he says that the
negroes are free, and he admits the fact. I
want to know from him how he reconciles
these two statements.
Mr. ROGERS. I do it in two ways. One
is that any law upon the statute-book, or any
amendment to the Constitution, commands
the obedience and respect of every law-abiding
man in the land until it is repealed or set aside
by some competent authority. The other and
main reason is, that the rebellion was founded
upon the institution of slavery, being inaugu-
rated to preserve that institution ; it was sub-
mitted to the arbitrament of arms, the highest
arbitrament known to civilized nations, and
the decision was against it. I am not for
reviving anything that was destroyed by the
results of the war, and there is no authority to
revive an institution that was submitted to
such an ordeal. It is an institution that never
should have existed. It is now a dead issue,
and the question is not how to free the blacks
from slavery but how to free the southern
whites, who are held in a worse slavery than
were the negroes before the war.
But the war did not destroy the States or
their rights aud institutions. The war does not
authorize the representatives of the nation to
break down the Constitution and trample it
under their feet; to prostrate the old Union and
destroy the liberties of the country. The war
only authorized us to carry out the fundamea-
tal principles of the Constitution. And when
we go against that we are morally as guilty of
treason as were any who engaged in the late
rebellion.
It makes no difference to me what the opin-
ions of others may be, for I am entitled,to my
own opinions, and although I am in the minor-
ity I will stand by the President of the United
States. I stand by him from one end of his
plan of reconstruction to the other. And I
believe he will go down to posterity honored
and loved for his pure patriotism aii$ Self-devo-
tion to the Constitution of his country. [Laugh-
ter.] And although he may bescoffett at, rid-
iculed, alJused, and trampled upon by , traitors
and disunionists to the Constitution of their
country, his countrymen will cause it to b§-
written in letters of gold upon the altars of
constitutional liberty, charity, and Christianity,
that he stood as a barrier against the tide of
despotism, vengeance, barbarism, and tyranny
which but for him would have shaken down the
Constitution and laws of his country and im-
planted a monarchy upon their ruins. [Great
laughter. ]
I know you laugh and scoff over the down-
fall of liberties made venerable by the care of
a century. I know you exalt over the success-
ive blows struck at public liberty and public
law. I know that no sense of the future of
this country will arrest the reckless clouds of
despotism and tyranny that now hover over
you in your hour of frantic revelry. Still you
will find one here, as long as I am here, and
that will be for a short period, [laughter,}
who will protest against your wicked machi-
nations to destroy our country. You may
laugh, but I have a right as a Representative
of the people to. express my sentiments, and I
am going to express them. And the only way
you can prevent me, as long as your Speaker
allows me my rights as one of the members of
the committee, will be for you to do as you
have done with several other honorable gen-
tlemen, expel me from the floor of the House.
I have always been respected by this House,
because I have openly anil boldly, but respect-
fully stated my principles, the honest convic-
tions of my heart.
I know, sir, that I am human; I know that
God has not given me power to foresee the
momentous events of the future. But my heart
is wedded to the Constitution, and I desire
when I die to transmit that rich inheritance as
a legacy unimpaired to my descendants to the
remotest generation. I wish to preserve our
Constitution and Union as the brightest casket
of civil liberty that was ever witnessed on the
eastern or the western continent. I wish to
preserve our noble fabric of Government from
the effects of the destructive measures urged
by the degenerate sons of noble_ sires, who
fought and bled for the very liberties which I
am now defending amid the scoffs and jeers
of these Radicals. [Derisive laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen must come to
order.
Mr. ROGERS. Gentlemen of this House,
and the Speaker especially, will bear me wit-
ness that I have always extended^ the utmost,
courtesy to members on both sides of the
House. I advocate my own views. I do not
undertake to speak for anybody else. Each
man is entitled to his own views and is bound
to advocate the. opinions which he entertains;
and when he believes that the Constitution is
being violated and his country destroyed, he is
bound to interpose his voice, feeble though it
be, against the violation. This is the reason
why I have talked so plainly. I feel it my duty
to warn the people of the impending danger.
Although I am a young man, and my warning
voice may not be heeded, although my words
are scoffed at here, as they will be by Radicals
who read my remarks when published, yet I
have the satisfaction of knowing that what I
have said here to-day has been prompted by
the honest convictions of my heart, and from
a desire to preserve that greatlandmark ef
civil liberty, the Constitution, which, as admin
