1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
858
sins ; which were referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER. I.present a petition of citi-
zens of New York, against tlie introduction of
any State into the Union with a constitution
excluding any class of citizens from the right
to vote by reason of color or race; and they
add that they mean not .only new States, but
now reconstructed States. I move the refer-
ence of this petition to the joint Committee on
Reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present the petition
of the chairman and vestry of St. Michael's
church, in Charleston, South Carolina, and other
citizefis of that place, in which they represent
that "the chime of bells, originally cast in Eng-
land before the colonial revolution, havingbeen
recently shipped in a mutilated condition to
the same foundry to be there recast-, and their
arrival being now daily expected, and having
been for a long time without public bells, and
finding it difficult to defray the cost of recasting
as aforesaid in addition to the heavy import
duty of thirty-five per cent, tinder the existing
tariff law accruing thereon, they pray," in be-
half of themselves and the city of Charleston at
large, that " Congress will relieve them from the
duty, and if the circumstances of the case war
rant compliance with their request, authorize
the collector of the port of Charleston to grant
free entry to their bells upon their arrival as
aforesaid." This petition is signed by the
officers of the church, and it is further signed
by all the Federal officers, as I understand, at
Charleston, the United States marshal, the
United States judge, &c. I move the reference
of this petition to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND presented the petition of
Orlando Runnamaker and others, employes
at the Fortress Monroe arsenal, praying for an
increase of compensation ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented two petitions
of farmers and growers of flaxseed in the West,
praying that the duty on flaxseed be fixed at
not less than thirty cents per bushel; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the memorial of Sergeant
D. M. Embry, praying that compensation be
made for horses taken from him for the use
of the United States Army; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of citizens
of Philadelphia and brewers of white beer,
praying for the repeal of the section of the
revenue law concerning the carrying away of
malt liquors from the brewery for the purpose
of bottling, so far as white beer is concerned ;
which was referred to tfie Committee on Fi-
nance.
He also presented a petition of seamen, fire-
men, coal-passers, ana marines, who served
in defense of the Union during the late rebel-
lion, praying for. a bounty of $100 a year, or
eight and one third dollars per month for each
month of service; /which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. PATTERSON presented the memorial
of A. W. Walker, praying for compensation
for services rendered as a captain in the eighth
Tennessee infantry; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of res-
identsof thetownsof Wayne and Urbana, Steu-
ben county, New York, prayingfor anincreased
duty on wool; which was ordered to lie upon
the table.
He also presented a letter from Moses H.
Grinnell, inclosing resolutions of the Chamber
of Commerce of the State of New York, in
tavor of the passage of the joint resolution
repealing so much of the China mail act as
requires the steamship line thereby authorized
to touch at the Sandwich Islands; which were
referred to the Committee on Finance.
  Mr. SHERMAN presented two petitions
from citizens of Ohio, praying for the passage
of House bill No. 718, to provide increased
revenue from imports, and for other purposes,
now pending in the Senate; which were ordered
to lie upon the table.
Mr. HENDERSON presented a petition of
citizens of Missouri, praying for an increased
duty on flaxseed; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
He also presented the memorial of Logan
Hunton, of Missouri, praying for compensa-
tion for services rendered in the prosecution
o'fNarcisso Lopez and others, for a violation
of the neutrality laws of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
REPORTS or COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 276) to establish a department of edu-
cation, reported it without amendment.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 457) for the relief of Hiram
Paulding, rear admiral in the United States
Navy, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1051) for the
relief of Henry P. Blanchard, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1030) to regulate the sale of gold by the
Secretary of the Treasury, reported adversely
thereon.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 918) making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending June 30, 18G8, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. LANE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom were referred the following bills,
reported them without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 1044) for the relief of John
Gray, a revolutionary soldier;
A bill (EI. R. No. 1046) for the relief of
Daniel Frederick Bakeinan, a revolutionary
soldier;
A bill (H. R. No. 1050) for the relief of
Lemuel Worster;
A bill (II. R. No. 1054) for the relief of
Hiram Hedrick; and
A bill (II. It. No. 1052) granting a pension
to Mrs. Jane Clements.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the bill (H. R. No. 1055) for the
relief of John Moreau, of Machias, New York,
and the bill (S. No. 1053) granting an increased
pension to John J. Sohan, reported them with
amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred resolutions of the Soldiers' and
Sailors' Union of Washington city, in favor of
the payment of pensions to those pensioners
from whom they were withheld agreeably to
the provisions of the law withholding pensions
from persons holding office under the Govern-
ment, which law has been since repealed, re-
ported that the prayer of the petitioners ought
not to be granted.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of pensioners of the
United States, praying for an amendment
to the act entitled "An act supplementary to
the several acts relating to pensions," approved
March 3, 1865, so as to restore to them pen-
sions from the 3d of March, 1865, asked to bo
discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of the Cincinnati Relief
Union, praying for an increase of the clerical
force in the Pension Office that greater dispatch
may be used in the preparation of papers lor
pensions, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
to whom was referred the petition of J. Nole-
stine and others, mail route agents on the
western division of the Ohio and Mississippi
railroad, pra^'ng for an increase of compen-
sation,, to ask to be discharged from further
consideration, the subject having beettjiisposet}
of by legislation at the present session ofCon-
gress. ' . , -j
The report was agreed to. . :
Mr. POLAND. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the joint.res-
olution (S. R. No. 137) authorizing special
juries in the District of Columbia, nave, had
the same under consideration, and recommend
that it be indefinitely postponed. A bill has
been reported by the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia embodying somewhat the
same provisions, and the committee therefore
recommend that this resolution be indefinitely
postponed.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. The same committee, to
whom was referred a bill (S. No. 442)to pre-
vent courts being used as instruments of per-
secution against loyal persons, have had the
same under consideration, and recommend
that the bill be indefinitely postponed. An
act that was passed at the last sessionseems
to cover substantially the grounds that- this
bill does. ' <
The report was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the petition of Henry Addison and Henry D.
Cooke, praying for such an amendment to the
act authorizing the construction of a jail in the
District of Columbia that the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown be required to con-
tribute only their equitable proportion of the
expense, reported a bill (S. No. 550) to amend
an act entitled " An act authorizing the con-
struction of a jail in and for the District of
Columbia," approved June 25, 1-866. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading.
REMOVAL or LIQUOR CASES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a resolution
of the Senate directing the committee to in-
quire concerning the removal of cases from
the State courts to the Supreme Court of
the United States on indictment for the sale
of spirituous liquors, have instructed me to
report it back to the Senate with a recommend-
ation that it be indefinitely postponed. I will
state that the Supreme Court has recently made
a decision -which I think accomplishes the ob-
ject that was sought to be inquired into by this
resolution. It was insisted in some of the
States that where parties had paid the excise
duty or license to the Government of the Uni-
ted States to pursue a certain calling they had
authority to follow it in defiance of the State
la.ws; as for instance, to sell liquors where the
laws of the State prohibited the selling of
liquors, or to vend lottery tickets where the
laws of the State forbade the selling of lottery
tickets ; but the Supreme Court, I understand,
have decided that the imposition of this excise
duty or the collection of this tax by the Gov-
ernment of the United States does not over-
ride the State law or make valid that which is
made invalid by the laws of the State, and
therefore there is no necessity for action on
this subject. The committee recommend that
the resolution be indefinitely postponed.
The report was agreed to.
JAMES C. PICKETT.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the memorial
of James C. Pickett, formerly charg6 d'affaires
of the United States at Peru, praying for the
passage of a resolution authorizing the read-
justment of his accounts, have had the same
under consideration, and directedmeto report it
back to the Senate with a recommendation that
it be indefinitely postponed. This petition has
already once been tinder the consideration of
the committee at the last session. Thoy then
reported it with a request to be discharged from
the further consideration of the petition and
giving leave to withdraw the petition. Now it
reappears. The petition is founded on services
