1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1529
through the press, let as have it in some other
form than this. Do not let it appear in the
venal form of patronage, but advance upon the
press upon some principle which will be worthy
in itself, and which will not expose you to the
charge of seeking to return yourselves to Con-
gress by controlling the local press in each
congressional district, through the Clerk of the
House of Representatives, so as to make this
body a perpetual organization.
Mr. HILL. If the gentleman will yield to
me long enough, I will withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. CHANLER. No, sir. I will not yield.
I am very glad that I have produced so much
impression on the minds of members on the
other side of the House.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HILL. I withdraw my amendment, as
I see it creates so much opposition on the other
side of the House.
Mr. KASSON. I desire but a single moment
to say all that I have to say upon this question,
and for that purpose I renew the amendment
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hill.]
I wish to say that the object of the Committee
on Appropriations in this respect has not been a'
partisan object. The committee were informed
that in the South papers notoriously adverse
to Congress, and which are still filled with
expressions of rebellious sentiments, have
received this patron sije under the present
Administration. The object of the commit-
tee has been not to promote an increase of
party patronage in the North as between
loyal papers of diverse political opinions, but
to insist that in the South the patronage of
the Government, in all its brancnes, shall be
used for the maintenance of loyal papers there,
and not for the benefit of papers which have
been through the war, and which still are, dis-
loyal to the Union of the States and to all
measures of reconstruction and reconciliation.
That is the object of the recommendation of
the committee, which I hope will not be loaded
down with amendments but passed as it now
stands.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
ris« for the purpose of closing debate on this
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Thayer reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being bill of the House No. 1173, mak-
ing appropriations for sundry civil expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 30,
1868, and for other purposes; and had directed
him to report that they had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles ; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 682) for the relief of
Captain John J. Young, of the United States
Navy ;
An act (H. R. No. 820) for the relief of
Henry S. Davis; and
An act (S. No. 467) to amend the act enti-
tled " An aet further to -provide for the safety
of the lives of passengers on board of vessels
propelled in whole or in part by steam, to reg-
ulate the salaries of steamboEtt inspectors, and
for other purposes," approved July 25, 18(56.
IMPORTATION OF WINE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a communication from the
Secretary of State in relation to the importa-
tion of wines from Cadiz, Spaiu. The mes-
sage was as follows :
To the House of Representatives:
I transmit to the House of Representatives,
in answer to their resolution of the 14th instant.
a report from the Secretary of State of this
date. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, February 21, 1867.
The message and accompanying documents
were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
bills become laws.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following communication from the Secre-
tary of State:
Department of Stats,
Washington, February 22,1867.
Sis: Ihave the honor to inform you that the Pres-
ident has this day transmitted to this Department
and directed to be filed two acts of Congress which
had been presented to him for his approval, and
which, not having been returned by him to tho
House of Congress, in which they originated within
the time prescribed by the committee, have become
laws without his approval. The titles of those laws
are as follows:
An act to regulate the duties of the Clerk of the
House of Representatives in preparing for the organ-
ization of the House, and for otner purposes; and
An act to declare the sense of an act entitled "An
act to restrict the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims,
and to provide for the payment of certain demands
for quartermasters' stores and subsistence supplies
furnished to the Army of the United States/'
Both of these acta are indorsed by the President
as having been received on the 9th of February,
1867. They became laws, therefore, on tho 19th of
February, 1867, and will accordingly be officially
promulgated as such.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant.
WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
Hon. SchttvIjIR Colfax, Speaker Home of Jiepre-
ecntativc*.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that this
communication be printed and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
increased pay of army officers.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, by unani-
mous consent, the bill of the Senate No. 592,
to provide for a temporary increase of the pay
of officers in the Army of the United States,
and for other purposes, was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS. Imove that when the House
again resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the special
order, all debate upon the pending bill be
closed in five minutes.
Mr. NIBLACK. I hope the gentleman will
make it ten minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well; I will change
my motion so as to have debate closed in ten
minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and thatthe House again resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
, The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Thayer in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the special order,
being House bill No. 1173, making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year endiug June 30, 1868, and
for other purposes.
The pending question was upon the motion
of Mr. Niblack, to amend by striking out the
Sixth section.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Chairman, we have
on our statute-books, as has already appeared
in this debate, an enactment regulating this
matter of publishing the laws of Congress.
These laws are to be published, I believe, in
two newspapers in eacn State, to be selected
by the Department of State; and for my own
part I know of no reason why the same rule
which is applied to other States should not
apply to the States enumerated in this section.
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] inti-
mates that this publication has been made in
papers which politically do not stand as they
ought in the present emergency. Now, I do
not know to what papers the gentleman refers,
nor am I advised of the particular facts of the
case; but I am satisfied of one thing: that the
means at the disposal of the Secretary of State
for ascertaining the political status of particu-
lar newspapers are as ample as any that may
be at the command of the Clerk of the House
of Representatives.
This, therefore, I take it, is nothing else
than a mere contest as to the distribution of
patronage, as to whether this Congress or the
Department of State shall have that patronage.
Now, sir, if Congress desires to have this
patronage at its disposal, I insist that we ought
to adopt the proposition of my colleague, [Mr.
Hill,] which proposes to take this patronage
away from the Secretary of State entirely. If
you allow him to select the newspapers in a
portion of the States, it appears to me that he
should be permitted to select them in the States
named in this section. Legislation npon an
important question like this should not be
regulated according to transient political emer-
gencies and mere personal considerations. This
is not the proper policy for a body like the
Congress of the United States.
The gentleman from Iowa intimates that cer-
tain newspapers of known loyalty ought to
have the preference in the distribution of this
advertising. Well now, sir, I concede that, all
other things being equal, the antecedents and
present status of a paper upon the question of
loyalty ought to have much weight in this mat-
ter ; but, sir, there are other questions involved
in this matter of publishing the laws; and
among these is the amount of circulation of the
paper. I understand that the object of pub-
lishing the laws is that the people may be in-
. formed of the provisions of these laws. I do
not care how loyal a paper may be, if it has no
circulation it is simply a mockery to publish
the laws in that paper. This is a business
transaction in which many matters ought to be
considered; and I think that the Department
of State is just as competent to exercise this
authority as any other Department of the Gov-
ernment. This matter being already intrusted
to that Department, I see no necessity for this
sort of legislation.
The standard of "loyalty," Mr. Chairman,
is a flitting standard. During the war every
man and every paper that was in favor of en-
forcing the Constitution and laws and suppress-
ing the rebellion was regarded as loyal. Now,
however, that standard is not sufficient. To
be regarded as loyal, a man or a newspaper
must have advanced from that standard. It is
not only necessary to be in favor of sustaining
the Government according to a certain defini-
tion of what constitutes "sustaining the Gov-
ernment," but it is necessary to be in favor of
reorganizing the States lately in rebellion and
abolishing all distinction of race and color.
If a paper does not come up to this standard,
it is no longer regarded as loyal, whatever else
it may have done, or whatever else it may advo-
cate in regard to the present political condition
of the country. Why, sir, I supposed the Sec-
retary of State during the war was the very
pink of loyalty. He insists that he has not
changed his position, while gentlemen on the
other side insist that he has. This may be an
important question for the papers interested in
getting this patronage ; but I submit that it is
not a question of sufficient gravity to engage
the serious attention of this body. I insist,
therefore, on my motion to strike out the whole
section.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend the
section by inserting before the word "Vir-
ginia" the words "in the State of Missouri
and inso that the clause will read :
That it shall be theduty of the Clerk of the House
of Representatives to select in the State of Missouri,
and in Virginia, South Carolina, North Carolina,
Georgia, Florida, Alabama. Mississippi, Louisiana,
Texas, and Arkansas, one or more newspapers, 4c.
All I want to say in regard to this is that this
section should apply to the State of Missouri.
It is true, most of the disloyal journals of that
State are selected as the vehiulea by which the
laws ofCongress are promulgated to the people.
Papers are selected whose proprietors have
