854
the congressional globe.
January 30,
as charg6 d'affaires more than twenty years
ago, and it asks that his accounts during that
period should be reopened in order that he may
obtain from the Government, according to a
recent precedent, the loss of exchange at that
time. The committee have thought that what-
ever might be the merits of such claims when
comparatively recent it was not expedient to
open one so far back in our history as this.
They therefore instruct me to ask that the peti-
tion be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the vote is
taken on the report of the committee I de-
sire to say that I presented that petition from
Colonel Pickett upon the assurance of the fact
that just such claims had been allowed by the
Committee on Foreign Relations and had been
passed by Congress—not quite so old, but in
the case of Mr. Clay, perhaps Cassius M. Clay.
Mr. JOHNSON. No; J. Randolph Clay.
Mr. HENDRICKS. J.Randolph Clay; and
in one other case, perhaps, the allowance had
been made. I will oppose its indefinite post-
ponement for the present. I do not care about
discussing it now in the morning hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is re-
ported from the committee to-day, and is not
before the Senate, unless by unanimous con-
sent, for consideration, and goes over under
the rule, objection being made.
bills introduced.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
501) for the construction of a Government tel-
egraph from Washington to New York city;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 552) to incorporate the Colored Mutual
Building Association of the city of Washing-
ton ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 553) to provide for the care and mainte-
nance of the Indians in northern California;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to introduce a joint res-
olution without previous notice, that it may be
printed and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands. I am requested to introduce this
joint resolution. I do not know anything
about its merits. It does not concern the peo-
ple that I represent. I do it to accommodate
a friend.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 162)
to fix the construction of the act granting lands
in Nebraska Territory to the Burlington and
Missouri River Railroad Company; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
compensation of civil employes.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask leave to present an
amendment which I propose to offer to-morrow
to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 224) giving
additional compensation to certain employes
in the civil service of the Government at Wash-
ington, which I desire to have printed so that
it can be laid upon the desks of Senators.
The amendment was ordered to be printed.
message from the house.
A message from the Honse of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 900) to fix the compensa-
tion of the officers of the revenue-cutter service,
and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 903) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other pen-
sions of the United States for the year ending
June 30, 1868; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 251) to extend
the time for codifying the laws relating to cus-
toms authorized by the joint resolution ap-
proved July 26, 1866.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker had signed the enrolled bill (S. No.
69) to provide for the_ payment of pensions;
and it was thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore of the Senate.
counterfeiting, etc., public securities.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I now move to take
up the motion, which I submitted two days ago,
to reconsider the vote on the passage of House
bill No. 719. The Committee on the Judiciary
have since considered that bill informally, and
have agreed on such amendments as ought to
be made to the bill before it passes. The chair-
man will present those amendments, if it is
the pleasure of the Senate to reconsider the
bill.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. Itis moved
that the Senate reconsider its vote passing the
bill (H. R. No. 719) to punish certain crimes
in relation to the public securities and cur-
rency, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is now
moved that the vote of the Senate ordering
the bill to a third reading be reconsidered.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
is now before the Senate, and open to amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Thisis a bill "to pun-
ish certain crimes in relation to the public
securities and currency, and for other pur-
poses. '' It was reported by Mr. Clark, of New
Hampshire, who is not now a member of the
Senate, at the last session, and was called up
a day or two ago at my instance, in conse-
quence of information I received from the
Treasury Department, that they desired the bill
passed. It is a House bill. I had not partic-
ularly looked at the bill since the last session,
and had forgotten all about the punishment
prescribed after the bill had passed, and my
attention was called to it, and also that of the
Senator from Indiana: we thought the punish-
ments prescribed were unusually severe, and
probably would defeat the object of the bill
itself, as convictions perhaps never would be
had if such punishments were prescribed. It
was with the view in correcting the bill inthose
respects that the motion to reconsider was
made. As has already been stated by the
Senator from Indiana, the Judiciary Commit-
tee reconsidered the subject this morning, and
we have agreed to propose certain amend-
ments. I now move to amend the first section
of the bill, in line eighteen, by striking out the
word "fifteen" and inserting "ten;" and in
the same line by striking out the words "more
than ten" and inserting " exceeding five;" so
that it will read:
And on conviction thereof shall be imprisoned not
more than ten years, or fined not exceeding$5,000, or
both, at the discretion of the court.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In section second, line
thirteen, I move to strike out the words "on
conviction be fined $1,000," and to insert in
lieu thereof "be subject to a penalty of $1,000
so that it will read:
Any person or persons offending against the pro
visions of this section shall be subject to a penalty
of 81,000, to be recovered by an action of debt, one
half to the use of the informer.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In section three, line
nine, I move to strike out the word "three"
and insert the word "one;" so a3to read:
A penalty of one hundred dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In section four, line
seventeen, I move to strike out the word "fif-
teen" and insert "ten;" and in line eighteen
to strike out the words "nor less than five
years," and also the words " less than," in the
same line, and to insert the word " exceeding'
so that it will read:
And on conviction be punished by imprisonmont
not more than ten years, or by fine not exceeding
$5,000, or both, at the discretion of the court.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In section five, line two,
after the word "shall," I move to insert the
words "with intent to defraud;" so as to
read:
Who shall', with intent to defraud, have in bis pos-
session, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move further to amend
the same section in line seven by inserting after
"shall" the words "withintent to defraud."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In section five, line
eleven, I move to strike out "fifteen" and in-
sert "ten," and also to strike out the words
"nor less than five years," in line twelve, and
strike out the words "less than" and to insert
"exceeding;" and also to strike out the words
"at the discretion of the court;" so as to read:
Hot more than ten years, or by fine not exceeding
$5,000.
" The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In section six, line thirty-
one, I move to strike out "fifteen" and insert
" ten;" and in the same line to strike out the
words "nor less than five years," and also
"less than," and the word "not," and to in-
sert the word " exceeding;" so that it will read:
Be punished by imprisonment not exceeding ten
years, or by fine not exceeding §5,000, or both, at the
discretion of the court.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. These al-
terations will be made in this section, to make
the section conform to the other sections of
the bill, if there be no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In section seven, line
twenty-three, I move to strike out "fifteen"
and to insert "ten and also to strike out the
words "more*than ten" and to insert "ex-
ceeding fiveso that it will read :
And on conviction be imprisoned not morethan
ten years, or fined not exceeding $5,000, at Um discre-
tion of the court.
ThePRESIDli!NT^roiewpo)-e. That change
will also be made to make the section conform
to the. other sections of the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Those are all the amend-
ments that I desire to propose.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time. It
was read a third time, and passed.
minister at vienna.
Mr. SUMNER. -1 offer a resolution, on
which I ask the present action of the Senate :
Resolved, That the President of the United State3
be requested to communicate to the Senate, if in his
opinion not incompatible with the public interest, a
copy of the letter on which the Secretary of State
founded his recent inquiries, addressed to Mr. Mot-
ley, minister of the United States at Vienna, with
regard to his reported conversation and opinions,
and to furnish the name of the writer of such letter.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
Mr. CONNESS. Let it be adopted.
Mr. SUMNER. So I say; let it be adopted.
I have the honor to be a friend of Mr. Motley,
and therefore it is that I have introduced the
resolution. I am also a Senator of the United
States, and I deem it important to the public
interest that we should know on what author-
ity the Secretary of State has undertaken to
address one of our foreign ministers as he has.
I received a letter identical in language, so fai
as I can judge, with that which seems to be
set forth by the Secretary of State in his letter,
and it was addressed to me from Europe, as
chairman of the Senate Committee on Foreign
Relations; but it was from a person so entirely
obscure that I regarded the letter as nothing
but anonymous, and I threw it into the fire.
The Secretary of State has made it the basis
of inquiries addressed to Mr. Motley, which I
