90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
istered under Democratic rule, conducted our
Government in a career of prosperity and
greatness for seventy years.
While I plead here for humanity toward the
South, I must not be charged with entertaining
any sympathy for rebellion or treason. Gen-
tlemen who now constitute the majority in this
House will recollect well the time when their
party was in a hopeless minority; yet they were
permitted to stand here and proclaim their prin-
ciples. Shame upon the men, whatever may
be their standing or by whomsoever they may
be elected, who will undertake in this House to
browbeat or stifle an honest Representative who
seeks to tell the people the truth and v^am them
of the disastrous effects which must attend the
mad career of radicalism. I am for free speech,
and without it liberty is but a myth. Do not
ask me to wait for shackles and chains to con-
vince me that liberty is in danger. Do not ask
me to close my eyes to the teaching of ages,
but allow me when I see despotism and tyranny
groping in darkness and silence in undisturbed
impunity, and millions of men,_ women, and
children groaning under despotic bondage in
my own country, and the most wicked rule of
England against which our fathers fought,
established in our own land, to protest and
use my voice to warn my countrymen of our
approaehing destruction.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I was detained from my seat when the discus-
sion began this morning, and therefore I have
not heard all that has been said. But it ap-
pears to me that the debate has assumed a
somewhat wider range than the hill imme-
diately under consideration would seem to re-
quire. The discussion, however, has presented
some points which are well worthy of consid-
eration. In order that the bill may receive
that consideration which its importance de-
mands, I move that it be recommitted to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
much of the speech of the gentleman last on
the floor [Mr. Rogers] had certainly no bear-
ing on the bill before the House: but as no
member raised any point of order the Chair
did not think it proper to interpose.
Mr. ROGERS. Such of m^remarksas were
not immediately connected with the bill were
drawn out by the interrogatories of other gentl e-
men ; otherwise I should have confined myself
strictly to the question before the House.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I certainly did
not mean to reflect upon the Speaker or any
member of the House.
The motion of Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio, was
agreed to ; and the bill was recommitted to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
brevets in united states army.
Mr. BLAINE, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill relating to brevets
in the Army of the United States ; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read at length, proposes
to authorize the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to confer
brevet rank on officers in the Army of the
United States on account of gallant, meritori-
ous, or faithful conduct in the volunteer service
prior to their appointment in the regular Army.
- Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Speaker, I will explain
in a very few words what this bill is intended to
effect. The Army of the United States is or soon
will be made up by appointments, almost nine
tenths of which are of those who have been in
the volunteer service. As th« law stands at
present, officers appointed in the regular Army
cannot be breveted for what they have done in
the volunteer service of the United States,
whereas officers of the regular Army who per-
formed volunteer service under commissions
from the States may be breveted for such ser-
vice. The design of this bill is that officers
transferred to the regular Army from the vol-
unteer service may have the same opportunity
to receive brevets for meritorious conduct as
other officers who were in the volunteer service
under commissions from the States. I call for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
army bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am directed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to report back
Senate bill No. 401, to increase and fix the
military peace establishment of the United
States. It is the Army bill of the Senate of
the last session, which was disposed of by the
committee of conference. I move that it be
laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
extra pay.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee,
also reported back adversely a resolution to
extend three months' extra pay to certain
officers; which was laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs also was discharged
from the further consideration of a memorial
on the same subject; and the same was laid
upon the table.
alexis gardapier.
Mr. THAYER, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported back Senate
bill No. 308, to confirm the title of Alexis
Gardapier to a certain tract of land in the
county of Brown, and the State of Wisconsin,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read.
Mr. THAYER. I will send to the Clerk's
desk to be read a letter of the late Commis-
sioner of Public Lands, which contains every
explanation in regard to the bill.
the Clerk read as follows:
Department of the Interior,
General Land Office, May 21,1866.
Sir : A bill confirming the titlo to AT exis Gardapier
to a certain tract of land at Green Bay, "Wisconsin,
has been received with your letter of thel6th instant,
and agreeably to your request, that I impart such
information to you as this office affords in regard to
the merits of the bill, I havo the honor to say that
the claim of Alexis Gardapier, lying on the west bank
of Fox river and moro particularly known as vacant
strip of land "lying between atract No. 1 confirmed to
Jaqucs Porlier on the north and tract No. 2 con-
firmed to Lewis Grignon on the south," &c., appears
to bo the identical claim ag presented to the commis-
sioners appointed under the act of Congress entitled
"An act to revive and continue in force ccrtain acts
for the adjustment of land claims in the Territory of
Michigan," approved February21,1S23. (SeoAmer-
ican State Papers, vol. 4, pages 722 and 723.)
The claim was presented on the 16th day of Sep-
tember and was confirmed on-tho 1st of November,
1823, to Alexis Gardapier with a proviso "that the
same shall not interfere with any confirmation here-
tofore made."
As the prior confirmations to Jaqucs Porlier on
the north of the vacant land and Lewis Grignon on
the south of the same (see page 855, A. S. Papers)
have already been surveyed and patents issuedthcro-
for for lot Nos. 1 and 2 respectively, thero exists no
impediment to the vacant strip being confirmed bv
Congress to the extent of 80x3 arpents as applied for
by Alexis Gardapier and confirmed by the board of
commissioners as aforesaid.
This bill is herewith returned with suggested mar-
ginal addenda, conformable to similar bills of relief
heretofore passed by Congress, which I deem proper
to add to tho samo for such disposition as you may
think necessary.
I havo tho honor to bo, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant, ^ . .
J. M. EDMUNDS, Commissioner.
Hon. Ira Harris, Chairman of the Senate Committee
on Private Claims.
During the reading of tho letter the morning
hour expired, but by unanimous consent tho
case was proceeded with.
Mr. THAYER. As it is not necessary to
detain tie House with any remarks on this
subject I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. THAYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved-
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
civil service.
The SPEAKER announced that he had
appointed Mr. Bromwell to fill the vacancy
in the select committee on the civil service.
removals prom office.
The next business was the consideration of
the special order, being House bill No. 664, for
the regulation of appointments to and removals
from office. -
Tho SPEAKER. The bill is being con-
sidered in the House as in Committee of the
Whole, under the five minutes' debate so far as
the pending amendments are concerned.
The pending amendment is the following, to
come in at the end of section two:
Provided, however. That so much of this section as
makes the office vacant beyond tho time of the refusal
of the Senate to advise and consent to arenomination
shall not be held to apply to cases of commissions to
fill vacancies happening during the recess and which,
under the Constitution, are made determinable at tho
end of their next session.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If the amendment I have
submitted is not sufficiently intelligible in itself
I propose to state in a few words its object.
The first clause of this section it will be ob-
served provides that in case of the refusal of
the Senate to advise and consent to the nom-
ination or renomination of any officer whoso
term of office may have expired by its own
limitation, the place filled by such person shall
be regarded as being vacant from the time of
such refusal. Now, this provision, standing as
it does without the proviso I have suggested,
would infringe the Constitution of the United
States, which defines the term of the officer.
In that case, as it will be remembered by the
House, the President is authorized to fill up
the vacancy with a commission which will en-
title the officer to hold until the end of the next
session of the Senate. The object of the pro-
viso is to prevent any conflict between this
section and that provision of the Constitution
of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding to the section as it now stands
the following:
And if no appointment, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, shall be made to such
office so vacant or temporarily filled, as aforesaid,
during such next session of the Senate, such office
shall remain in abeyance, without any salary, fees,
or emoluments attached thereto until the same shall
be filled by appointment thereto, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate; and during such
time all the powers and duties belonging to such
office shall be exercised by such other officer as may
by law exercise such powers and duties in case of a
vacancy in such office.
This is a provision proposed by the joint
select committee on retrenchment, and meets
the approval of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am willing to accept it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The next amendment is in
section four, which the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read the section with the amend-
ment of Mr. Williams as modified, as follows:
Sec. i. Andbe it further macted, That tho heads of
the several Departments of the Government shall hold
their offices, respectively, for and during the official
term of the President by whom thoy were appointed,
unless removed by the President by and with the
advice and conscnt of tho Senate; and they shall
severally appoint their assistants and all other officers
pertaining to their respective Departments, subject
to the approval of tho Senate, on report to be made
to that body if then in session, orif during the recess,
at the next meeting thereof, to hold for the like
period, unless removed with the like concurrence of
that body.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Hale] proposes to amend the
amendment.
