1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1531
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. in.
enrolled joint resolution signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 90) to provide for the ascertainment and
apportionment of the proper quota of the direct
tax of 1861 to the State of West Virginia, and
for other purposes; when the Speaker signed
the same.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of House bill No. 1173,
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1868, and for other purposes, which has
been reported, with sundry amendments, from
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STEVENS. I call the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendments reported from
the Committee of the Whole'.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask for a separate vote
upon all amendments which increase appro-
priations or which make new appropriations.
The Clerk read the amendments.
All the amendments made in the Committee
of the Whole were concurred in except the
following, upon which separate votes were
demanded:
The first amendment on which a separate
vote was demanded by Mr. Scofield was to
insert on page nine after line one hundred and
ninety-five the following:
For a light-house at Trowbridge Point, in Thunder
Bay, Michigan, $10,OW.
For a light-house at Mendota, on Lake Superior,
Michigan, $14,000.
For a light-house at or near Braddock's Point,
Georgia, in place of Caliboque light-vessel. $15,000.
For a light-house to mark Combahee Bar.k, Geor-
gia, in place of Combahee ligflt-house, $15,000.
For a light-house to mark Tybee Knoll, Georgia
in place of light-vessel, $15,000.
For a range of lights on Morris Island as guides in
crossing Charleston bar. South Carolina, 815,000.
Fur rebuilding light-house on Deep Water shoals,
on James river, Virginia, $16,281 73.
For rebuilding light-house, tower, and keeper's
dwelling at St. Simons, Georgia, $45,000.
For rebuilding Wolf Island .beacon-lights and
buildings connected therewith, $14,000.
For rebuilding Sapelo light-house and beacons,
Georgia, SI 5,000.
For building three light-houses and buoy steam-
tenders, $100,000.
The question being put on concurring in the
above amendment of the Committee of the
Whole, there were—ayes 21, noes 25; no quo-
rum voting.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move a call of
the House.
The SPEAKER, having counted the House
and reported no quorum present, ruled that a
call of the House was in order.
Mr. ALLISON. Will it be in order to pass
over these amendments on which a separate
vote is demanded and act on the others?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scofield] demands a division.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will not call for a
division on anything except appropriations,
which 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I thought the Chair
appealed to me.
Mr. FINCK. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 23,
noes 34.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusettss. If the
call for a division is withdrawn, will it then be
in order to proceed to other business ?
The SPEAKER. It would be by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I undertook to state a
moment ago that I would be glad to withdraw
the call if any other business than the appro-
priation bill could be taken up. Icannot con-
sent to pass these large appropriations with
less than a quorum present.
The SPEAKER. A call of the House is
in order.
The motion of Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, that
there be a call of the House, was agreed to.
The roll was accordingly called, and the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Alley. Anderson, Delos R. Ashley, Barker,
Bidwell, lilaino, Blow, Boyer, Brandegee, Chanler,
Reader W. Clarke, Cobb. Conkling-Culver, Darling,
Davis, Delano. Deming, Dennison, Donnelly, Driggs,
Dumont, Eckley, Farnsworth, Grinnell, Griswold,
Hale, Harris, Hart, Hawkins, Higby, Hogan, llotch-
kiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Ed-
win N. Hubbell, Hulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jones,
Kelso, Ketcham, Kuykendall, Laflin, Latham, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Leftwitch, Marshall, Marston, Mar-
vin, MoCu'.lough, Mclndoe, McKee, Morrill, Myers,
Patterson, Phelps, Plants, Pomeroy, Radford, Sam-
uel J. Randall, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, John
H. Riee, Rogers, Ross, Schenck, Stilwell, Strouse,
Nathaniel G. Taylor, John L. Thomas, Thornton,
Trowbridge, Robert T. Van Horn, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Henry D. Washburn, Windom, Winfield.
Woodbridge, and Wright.
The SPEAKER. More than a quorum has
answered to their names.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that all
farther proceedings under the call be dis-
pensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FARQUHAR. Mr. Trowbridge is
confined to his room this evening in conse-
quence of indisposition. I ask that he be
excused from attendance this evening.
No objection was made.
Mr. FERRY. My colleague, Mr. Driggs,
is still confined to his bed by illness.
Mr. EGGLESTON. My colleague, Mr.
Delano, is detained at his room by indisposi-
tion. I ask that he be excused from attend-
ance this evening.
No objection was made.
Mr. HILL. I ask that my colleague, Mr.
Dumont, be excused from attendance this
evening on account of ill health.
No objection was made.
The House resumed the consideration of
the amendments of the Committee of the
Whole to the miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment in relation to light-houses, upon which no
quorum had voted before the call of the House.
The question was again taken; and the
amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment upon which a separate
vote had been demanded by Mr. Spalding, was
to insert the following clause:
For construction of a bridge over the Mississippi
river at Rock Island arsenal. $25,000, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War; said
bridge to be free to public travel, and the railroad
company to pay at least one half the cost of super-
structure.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 25, noes 71,
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. PRICE called for tellers^
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Price and
Mr. Spalding were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes twenty, noes
not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The next amendment upon which a separate
vote had been demanded by Mr. Stevens was
to insert the following:
For the removal of sunken wrecks in the channel
of Providence river, off Pawtuxet bar, and widening
the channel at the " Crooks" so called,425,000.
For removal of obstructions in the channel of the
Pawtucket river, $17,000.
For the removal of wrecks in the Mississippi river,
$40,000.
The question was taken; and upon a division,
there were—ayes 26, noes 66; no quorum voting.
Mr. JENCKES called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Jenckes and
Mr. Bundy were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes twenty-seven,
noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The next amendment, upon which a sepa-
rate vote had been demanded by Mr. Stevens,
was to insert the following at the close of line
two hundred and fifty-six of the bill:
Provided That in tho expenditure of this and the
succeeding items in this seetion, to be disbursed by
or underthe supervision of said Commissioner of Pub-
lio Buildings, no portion of the funds so appropriated
shall bo reserved to pay for his services as poet-lau-
reate of tho Administration.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was not agreed to.
The next amendment, upon which a sepa-
rate vote had been demanded by Mr. Sco-
field, was to insert the following:
To enable the Commissioner of Public Buildings to
put in thorough repair the conservatory recently
injured by fire at the President's Mansion, $10,000.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 55, noes 42.
So the amendment was adopted.
The next amendment, upon which a separate
vote had been demanded by Mr. Stevens, was
to add the words " to be employed by the Pres-
dent of the Senate and Speaker of the House
of Representatives" to each of the following
classes:
For compensation of laborer to tako care of the
heating apparatus of the Library of Congress, $600.
For compensation to three watchmen on the Dome
of the Capitol, $2,700.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope that all this non-
sense will be struck out of the bill.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order;
the House is now acting under the operation
of the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I mean by that that I
have asked for a separate vote on this amend-
ment and hope it will be voted down.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The next amendment, upon which a separate
vote had been demanded by Mr. Stevens, was
to insert the following:
For removing the unsightly iron fence or inclosure
which has been put up in the old Hall of Representa-
tives in the Capitol, $100.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The next amendment, upon which a separate
vote had been demanded by Mr. Scofield, was
to insert the following:
To enable the joint Committee on the Library of
Congress to purchase the bust of Pulaski, now in the
old Hall of the House of Representatives, executed
by the late Henry D. Saunders, $2,500.
The question was taken upon agreeing to
the amendment; and upon a division, there
were—ayes -10, noes 46; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Scofield and
Mr. Cooper were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 51, noes 48.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The last amendment, on which a separate
vote was demanded by Mr. Stevens, was at the
end of line three hundred and ninety to add the
following:
That the Senate of the United States shall elect a
Superintendent of Public Buildings, who shall hold
his office for the term of four years and until his suc-
cessor is elected, and shall perform all the duties now
required to be performed by the Commissioner of
Public Buildings; and the office of Commissioner of
Public Buildings is hereby abolished.
On agreeing to the amendment, there were—
ayes 70, noes 34.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 76, nays 49, not voting
65; as follows:
' YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, James M.
Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Beaman, Benjamin, Bid-
well, Bingham, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buck-
land, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Dawes,
Delano, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Eggleston, Farqu-
har. Ferry, Grinnell, Abner C. Harding, Henderson,
Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas
Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Jenckes,
Julian, Kelley, Koontz, Kuykendall, George V. Law-
rence, Loan,Lynch,Maynard,McClurg, McKee, Mc-
Ruer, Mercur, Miller, Morris, Moulton, Myers,
O'Neill, Paine, Pike, Price, Rollins, Sawyer, Scofield,
Shellabarger, Sloan. Starr, Stokes, Thayer, Upson.
Van Aemam, Burt Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, War-
ner, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Williams, James F. Wilson, and Stephen F.
Wilson—76. _
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Banks, Barker, Bergen,
Campbell, Chanler, Cooper, Darling, Dawson, Kld-
ridge.Eliok Finck, Glos3brenner, Goody_ear, Aaron
Harding, If arris, iligby, Hiae-JiidwinTf. fiubbell,
James fi. Hubbell, Humphrey, Hunter, Kasson, Kerr.
Ketcham, Laflin, Lo Blond. Longyear, Marshall,
