1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
855
•will not here characterize. I wish to see the
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I cer-
tainly have no objection to the production of
tji0 letter
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. ^ The morn-
ing hour haying expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday.
Mr. SUMNER. Let this resolution pass.
Mr. CONNESS. I object, because the res-
olution might have been passed a few minutes
ago if the Senator had not made a speech; and
by making a speech he has depr. ved some of
ns of the opportunity of offering resolutions.
The PRESIDENTp-o tempore. _ Themorn-
ing hour having expired, the Chair is bound
to call up the special order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to
that coming up.
TARIFF BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. E. No. 718) to provide increased
revenue from imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. DIXON. I desire to correct an error
of my own in regard to the amendment adopted
by the Senate yesterday relating to stereo-
scopes. In drafting the amendment which
was adopted by the Senate I made a mistake,
which by general consent I desire to have cor-
rected ; and I have the assent of the chairman
of the Finance Committee. The amendment
as adopted should have been in this form:
after line thirty-three of section eleven, page
80, insert these words :
On lenses for stereoscopes, with or without frames,
forty per cent, ad valorem, and, in addition thereto,
for such lenses ground and polished on both sides,
ono dollar per dozen pairs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The cor-
rection will be made if there be no objection.
None being made, the amendment will be
made as staled.
Mr. CONNESS. On page 47, line one hun-
dred and forty-six, I move  «
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The Chair
will state that there is an amendment ponding
on which a vote was taken last evening, and
the Senate dissolved for want of a quorum.
The pending amendment will be read.
Mr. CONNESS. I have been led into error
by the Chair receiving an amendment from an-
other Senator.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That was
stated to be a correction of a mistake in regard
to an amendment adopted yesterday; and it
was done by unanimous consent.
Mr. COISTNESS. I did not understand it to
be the correction of a mistake.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was so
stated. The Chair knows nothing of it but from
the statement. The Chair understood the
Senator from Connecticut to say there was a
mistake in the amentknent adopted yesterday
which it was desired to correct. The Chair
asked if there was any objection to the correc-
tion of the mistake; none was made, and the
correction was therefore ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. Let the amendment before
the Senate be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Summer] moves
to amend the amendment made as in Commit-
tee of the "Whole by inserting after line sixteen
of section thirteen, on page 84, the words which
will be read.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
inserted, as follows:
On all bituminous coal mined and imported from
any place not more than thirty degrees of longitude
cast of Washington, fifty cefits per ton of twenty-
eight bushels, eighty pounds to the bushel.
Mr. JOHNSON. I stated yesterday and the
previous day, when this subject was before us,
that it was really a controversy between the
American owners of American mines and the
British owners of mines in Nova Scotia or
Americans who have become the owners of
those mines. And I stated also, independent
of that, the grounds upon which I supposed it
was just to ourselves and proper to protect out-
own mines as against the competing mines re-
ferred to. I was not so well advised then of
the facts as I am to-day. I find upon my desk
—I do not know whether other members have
seen it—the paper of the morning, in which is
an article written by a gentleman who is per-
fectly familiar with the coal trade, and is in the
habit of writing strongly upon the subjects to
which he addresses himself, stating that it really
is a contest of that description ; that the ques-
tion which this amendment involves is whether
the American owner of the mines within our
own limits is to be sacrificed either to the for-
eign owner of the foreign mines or to the Amer-
ican refugee, who, leaving his own country
and unwilling to engage in mining in his own
country because it promised to be more profit-
able elsewhere, has purchased foreign mines.
Now, it is not for me to use such a term as that
as applicable to any American citizen. Every
citizen of the United States has a right to go
anywhere that he thinks proper, and buy coal
mines or any other property under the expecta-
tion or for the purpose of making it profitable
by introducing the product of these mines into
the United States.
I would not, therefore, apply to any gentle-
men who may think proper to invest their
funds in that way the term "refugee ;" but I
call the attention of my friend from Massachu-
setts to the fact that he is now supporting, or
seeming to support, the interest of American
refugees, as contra-distinguished from Ameri-
can loyal men who are looking to the true
interest of their country; and that he is doing
something more than that: he is seeking to
protect, and to promote by protecting, in our
own legislation the interest of the foreigner as
against the interest of the American citizen.
It seems to me a little singular that when he
is protecting as against all other American
citizens, or at least against a vast majority of
American citizens, the interests of his own
section, and particularly of his own State, from
the effect of competition by importation from
abroad, he should be found urging so strenu-
ously the protection of the interest of foreign-
ers where they are alone concerned as against
his own fellow-citizens, and especially that he
should be found protecting American citizens
who, in the language of the paper to which I
have adverted, are designated as refugees. 1
have no objection to the article, except that the
language in which it is couched would, I think,
bo hardly parliamentary to use here, and cer-
tainly, with my notions of what decorum re-
quires in debate, I should not apply it to the
constituents of any member of this body upon
any such evidence as that to which the editor
refers.
But there is a further intimation—and I call
the attention of my friend from Massachusetts
to that fact—there is not only an intimation,
but there is a further charge in the article that
we are being influenced (not I in this particular
instance, but I suppose my friend from Massa-
chusetts and those who maybe found to concur
with him in this matter) by the persons who
are hanging around our Chamber, foreigners
in point of fact, or the agents of foreigners,
who are seeking in every way to which they
can resort to strike down American industry,
for the purpose of protecting foreign industry.
I hope the fact is not so ; and certainly if the
fact, is not so, the paper to which I advert is
the last paper in which such a charge should
be found.
Mr. WILSON. I have always made it a
habit to read newspapers, to let them criticise
mo just as much as they please, and never to
take any notice of their remarks on the floor
of the Senate. I do not propose to do so at
this time. I will simply say, without any refer-
ence to this article iii this paper or any other
paper, that the manufacturers, the farmers,
wool-growers, business men of every kind and
degree, are coming here, writing here, using
their influence as far as they properly can, to
see that in adjusting this tariff their interests
are taken care of; and they have a right to do
it. The importers, the free-traders, all classes
and conditions of men who do. not wish th,a
tariff changed, or rather who' would wish to
See it reduced, are coming here, writing here,
and using their influence to affect our legisla-
tion.
I do not suppose any member of the Senate
closes his ears to whatever is written him or
whatever he hears; but it is proper that he
should listen to all persons in the country in
regard to this matter, and act conscientiously
and according to the dictates of his own judg-
ment. That persons will go to the presses of
the country and there express their views on
both sides of these matters, so as sometimes to
do injustice, is to be expected; and for one I do
not think it worth while for us here on the floor
of the Senate to take any notice of such things
or feel at all troubled about them, but to do
our duty, and the people of the country will
judge of us by our daily lives, by our general
course of action, rather than by any particular
vote we give here on the subject.
Mr. SUMNER. So far as I am personally
concerned I find no inducement to make any
reply to the article which the Senator from
Maryland has brought into this body; but when
that article undertakes to speak of a gentleman
in the service of the Government as it does, I
find a motive for adding one word, which I cer-
tainly do not find in any references which it
makes to myself. That article, as I say, which
the Senator from Maryland has introduced into
this body, uses the following language 
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator will permit
me to say that 1 introduced it because I under-
stand it is on the desk of every Senator, put
here for the purpose of enlightening us.
Mr. SUMwER. I make no complaint of
coursc of the Scnator'sintroducingit; I simply
referred to the fact. Itis stated; "The import-
ations of provincial coal for the year 1803 are
erroneously and deceptively stated by Mr.
Wells to have been only two hundred and
ninety-one thousand eight hundred and thirty-
nine tons." There is certainly a grave charge
against Mr. Wells, whose report is on our table3
and whose faithful attention to this question all
Senators must have already recognized. You
observe the language in which he is charac-
terized. It is absolutely unjust. _ Refer to his
report, and you will find it is not in any respect
sustained. In that report he sets out in the
form of a table the tons introduced each year,
beginning with 1855 and ending with 18(56,
under two different heads, the tons under the
reciprocity treaty and the tons paying duty,
The tons paying duty in 186G were two hun-
dred and ninety-one thousand eight hundred
and thirty-nine ; and this article says that this
is erroneously and deceptively stated by Mr.
Wells. I think, sir, a cause that requires such
language from those who represent it ought to
be suspccted. I do suspect the cause.^ I do
suspect that peculiar interest which is now
trying to intrude into the legislation of the
country to such an extent as to he positively
oppressive in that part of the country from
which I came. It not only asks much for itself,
but in the support of its cause it misrepresents
and vilifies responsible gentlemen who stand
in the way.
However, I have said enough on this cal-
umny ; and now, as I have the report of the
Commissioner of Public Revenue, to which
reference has been made, in my hands, I will
go further with the indulgence of the Senate
and ask your attention to a few sentences. I
think if you will listen to them you will find an
answer to all that my eloquent friend from
Maryland on my right [Mr. Okeswell] said
yesterday, and to all that my ingenious and
able friend from Maryland on the other side
[Mr. Jonxbux] said. Mr. Wells thus reports:
" Is there any reason wliy a furnace in Maine or
Georgia should have the coot of its iron increased by
a duty on the coal which it consumes, or by toe cose
of transportation from Pennsylvania, while tae^eU*i"
sylvania manufacturer has his coal at his own
cheaper, at least, by tho cost of its transportation?
Is it wise to adopt a policy which mevitabl> tqnds to
concontrate so important a manulacture a& this n
giri&lc section of the country? .  k, • „ Kl.a~
"That the American coal proprietor obtains a suia
