1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
Mr. HALE. That obviates the necessity for
my amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. This section it will be
observed consists of two propositions. The
first makes the heads of the several Depart-
ments irremovable at the mere pleasure of the
President. Having thus made them, as I think,
practically independent, then the second clause
authorizes them to appoint, as we have unques,
tionably a right under the Constitution to do-
the subordinates in their respective Depart-
ments. This clause is so framed as to take it
out of the rule or precedent established by the
Congress of 1789, to the effect that in the
absence of any statutory provision or of any
legislation defining the term of office the Pres-
ident might remove at will. _ I propose here,
in order to obviate all possible difficulty on
this ground, to define the term. As it stood
originally in the bill it was in the words, "for
the term of four years." It was suggested
by my friend from Iowa and other gentlemen
that this would make a difficulty at the in-
coming of a new Administration. I have
endeavored to obviate that by so modifying
the section as to confine the period to "the
official term of the President by whom they
were appointed."
The second clause is dependent. If the first
should prevail I see no reason why the other
should not prevail also. If, in other words,
the heads of the Departments can be lifted
from their present abject attitude and made
independent of the Executive, then I see no
reason against conferring the appointing power
tlpon those officers. Under our present legis-
lation and under the precedent that has already
been established, so far as regards the Post
Office Department, we know in some few cases,
where the salary is some one thousand or two
thousand dollars, the appointments are made
by the Postmaster General without any super-
visory power or power of revision in any quar-
ter, except it be on the part of the President
himself; and I think the experience of the coun-
try shows how this power has been abused. I
think there ought to be a limitation on it. I
propose, therefore, that no appointment shall
be made except subject to the approval of the
Senate, and no removals except upon the same
terms.
When I offered this amendment, or when it
came up yesterday in another form, in regard
to this point of making the heads of the De-
partments independent of the President, I con-
fess I was a little surprised—and I trust I may
bo pardoned for saying a little pained—at the
result of the vote, which was taken in a thin
House. I was not allowed the privilege, or per-
haps I ought to say I did not claim it in time,
for having the yeas and nays on the question,
and the gentleman from Iowa, with the aid of
the gentlemen upon the other side of the House,
was enabled to defeat the proposition. I pro-
pose, as I said, to make these appointments
independent.
The gentleman from Iowa, in his remarks
yesterday, had something to say in reference
to the confidential relations of these officers to
the President. He seemed to think that they
were intended to be confidential advisers of the
President. I do not know that any such thing
as advisers of the President is known to the
Government. 1 suppose the President may
take advice elsewhere; and if he should take
sueli advice it would perhaps be better and
more honest than that he now receives.
Mr. KASSON. I oppose this amendment
for several reasons. The first is that the prop-
osition is that the heads of the several Depart-
ments of the Government shall hold their offices
respectively for the term of four years, or for
thp presidential term. There are but three
departments of the Government, one is the
legislative, one the executive, and one the
judicial. I apprehend that the object is not
to limit Chief Justice Chase's tenure of office
to the presidential term as the head of our judi-
ciary, or our Speaker's as the head of this
branch, the legislative. A change should be
made by striking out the words " of the Govern-
ment" and inserting before "Departments" the
word "Executive."
There is one other point that I will notice.
The gentleman states candidly that his object is
to try again the issue decided by the House yes-
terday. I wish to call the attention of the
House to the situation of the President and the
Secretary of State if this proposition should be
adopted. Everything is done in relation to for-
eign affairs nominally by the Secretary of State,
theoretically by the President. If in the settle-
ment of intricate questions of foreign policy a
division of policy shall spring up, and the Pres-
ident shall sustain one policy in dealing with
foreign nations and the Secretary of State
another, you will find the Secretary of State
with his hands tied or the President with his
hands tied. You must enable the responsible
head of the Government to confronts policy.
You must enable him to change his agent even
in the recess of a session of Congress. You
must secure harmonious action in the policy of
the Government by the President's direct action
in the choice of those through whom alone that
action can be had.
It is not so only in respect to foreign affairs,
but in some respects also to domestic affairs.
The President is by law, and to some extent by
the Constitution, the responsible head of the
executive office. The proposition of the gen-
tleman now, which was_ defeated yesterday, is
to make these Secretaries, who are themselves
theoretically or actually agents of the Presi-
dent in respect to his policy, independent of
the President, and leaves him but a sounding
title in the administration of the affairs of the
Government.
Now, I say that this is a radical change of
the Government of the United States, and that
Congress ought not adopt that change without
a more careful consideration than is involved
in a proposed change in the tenure of minor
officers of the Government. In respect to the
Postmaster General's Department, it has al-
ready some twenty-seven thousand officers. It
is impossible for the President to make all
these appointments, and the power must neces-
sarily be vested in the Postmaster General, just
as you invest power in the courts to appoint
commissioners and in deputy postmasters to
appoint their clerks; bnt this goes further, this
goes to the very essence of the Government of
the United States, and proposes to take from
the President the powers which the Constitu-
tion and laws confer upon him.
Mr. THAYER. I move to strike out the
last line of the amendment, simply for the pur-
pose of saying a few words. It seems to me
that the proposition which is now made by the
gentleman from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, [Mr. Williams,] and which I under-
stand' to be in substance the precise proposition
which the House voted down on yesterday, is
called for by no public exigency, and is only
fraught with future embarrassment and incon-
venience. If the law with regard to the appoint-
ing power is so arranged and so bound up that
the power shall be controlled by the Senate
and the President as regards all the subordi-
nate officers of the Government, I see no pos-
sible necessity for trammeling the President in
regard to his confidential advisers: or as John
Randolph was wont to say, " his head clerks."
It seems to me that it will lead to embarrass-
ment in this way : if a Cabinet officer dissents
from the opinions of the Executive, the Execu-
tive should possess the power of removing that
Cabinet officer; otherwise your plan leads to
this result, as was suggested by the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson,] that you transfer
the executive office from the Executive of the
United States to his Cabinet council. And in
transferring it you make a new executive con-
sisting of many heads instead of one ; because
if those officers are not removable from office
at the will of the President, they may remain
in office and outvote the President; they may
take such a course with regard to the admin-
istration of Die executive office as by a major-
ity of their number they may determine. And
what is that but the substitution of a new ex-
ecutive in place of the constitutional Execu-
tive? I think the future would reveal the
impolicy of the great and fundamental change
contemplated by this amendment. It seems
to me to be fraught with future evil; to be,
indeed, as was said by the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Kasson,] a radical revolution in
one department of the Government. I hope,
therefore, that the House will adhere to its
position of yesterday.
Now, while I am willing to go as far as any
man upon this floor is willing to go in order to
fetter the appointing power, to assert the con-
stitutional power of the Senate in controlling
public appointments, and to restrain usurpa-
tions of executive power upon that subject,
such usurpations as we have witnessed within
the last six months; while I am willing to go
as far as any man in that direction with regard
to all subordinate appointments under the Gov-
ernment, which is all that is necessary for the
protection of the appointing power, I am unal-
terably opposed to such a change as the one
contemplated by the amendment now before
the House.
I now withdraw my amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Wilhams] by striking out the following clause:
And shall severally appoint their assistants and
all other subordinate officers pertaining to their re-
spective Departments, subject to the approval of the
Senate on report being made to that body if then ill
session, or if during the reeess, at the next meeting
thereof, to hold for the like period, unless removed
with the like concurrence of that body.
There are two or three very important ob-
jections to this clause of the amendment. Tho
first is that it introduces into the constitutional
practice of the appointing power an element
hitherto entirely unknown, and certainly not
provided for in words by the Constitution. It
is in fact a nomination by the head of a De-
partment, subject to the approval of the Sen-
ate. Now, the language of the Constitution ia
that the President—
" Shall nominate, and by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate shall appoint, 'all officers' whose
appointments are not herein otherwise provided for,
and which shall be established by law. But the Con-
gress may.by law Test tho appointment of such
inferior officers as they think proper in the President
alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads of tho
Departments."
There is no provision for vesting the appoint-
ment in the concurrent section of any two bodies,
except that of the President and the Senate.
It seems to me it would not be wise to enter
upon a policy which is of so doubtful a propri-
ety and of so doubtful a constitutionality as
that proposed by this amendment.
Second, I cannot see the ground on which
the policy can be justified, even if it were
deemed constitutional, of taking away from
the President tho appointment of a very large
class of important officers, and conferring them
upon officers subordinate to the President. 1
do not believe that we should legislate in a bill
of this character for to-day merely, for the
present Executive, or with reference to the dif-
ferences that exist between the present Execu-
tive and Congress. I believe we should seek
to frame a bill which should be of general
unlimited application, and which should be
found to work we'd through all time. But this
proposes to take from the President the appoint-
ment of all the Assistant Postmasters General,
the assistant secretaries of the different Depart-
ments, the collectors of all our ports, and mar-
shals of all our districts, and give that appoint-
ment to tho heads of the Departments, subject
to the approval of tho Senate.
But, again, this bill also provides that the
appointment of every clerk in the Departments,
of every employe down to the very lowest grade
of the civil service, shall be submitted to the
Senate for confirmation. There are about thirty
thousand of these officers. If the appointments
of all these postmasters, clerks, deputy mar-
shals, deputy custom-house officers, &c., are
to be sent to the Senate, then it appears to
me that body has before it a duty that will
