1532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
February 23,
Marvin, Newell, Niblaok, Nicholson, Noell, Orth,
Perham, John H. Rice, Bitter, Shanklin, Sit-
freaves, Spalding, Stevens, Stilwell, Strouae, Nelson
aylor, Tnmble, Andrew H. Ward, Wentworth, and
Whaley—49.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Anderson, Delps 11.
Ashley, Baxter, Blaine, Blow, Boyer, Brandegee,
Bundy, Sidney Clarke, Conkling, Culver, Davis, De-
frecs, Deming, Kenison, Driggs, Dumont, Eckley,
F arnsworth, Garfield, (Jriswold, Hale, Hart, Hawkins,
Hayes, Hogan, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, lnger-
soll, Jones, Kolao, Latham, William Lawrence, Left-
wicu, Marston, McCullough, Mclndoe, Moorhead,
Morrill, Patterson, Phelps, Plants, Pomeroy, Rad-
ford, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall, Ray-
mond, Alexander H. Rica, Rogers, Ross, Rousseau,
Schenck, Taber, Nathaniel (J. Taylor, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trowbridge,
Robert T. Van Horn, Klihu B. Washburn®, Windom,
Winfield, Wood bridge, and Wright—65.
So the amendment was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
me83agb from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr, Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, bills of the fol-
lowing titles:
An act (H. R. No. 690) for the relief of Wil-
liam Mann and Jacob Senneff; and
An act (H. R. No. 1188) for the relief of
James Tetlow.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 746) for the or-
ganization of land districts in the Territories
of Arizona, Idaho, Utah, and Montana, with
an amendment, in whieh the concurrence of
the House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the commit-
tee of conference on the bill (H. R. No, 811)
for the relief of certain drafted men.
INDKMNITY BILL.
The SPEAKER. The House now agree-
ably to order resumes, under the operation of
the previous question, the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 859) to declare valid and con-
clusive certain proclamations of the President,
and acts done in pursuance thereof, or of his
orders, in the suppression of the late rebellion
against the United States. The gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] is entitled to an hour
to close the debate.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Before yielding to
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. HrSE,] I
desire to suggest by the authority of the com-
mittee, two or three slight amendments, to which
I think there will be no objection.
In line eighteen, after the word " aforesaid"
insert the words " or in aid thereof.''
In line thirty-two, after the word "pursu-
ance"' insert the words " or in aid."
In line thirty-five, after the words "United
States " insert the words " or who acted in aid
thereof"
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
these amendments will be agreed to.
There was no objection.
• *f.r' WILSON, of Iowa. I am now ready to
yield to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
m much time does he desire?
Mr. HISE. I desire to inquire how much
time is to be allowed for discussion.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I have already stated
that 1 propose to allow three quarters of an
hour to gentlemen on the other side. I will say
to the gentleman from Kentucky that any ar-
rangement which he may have made with his
mends will be satisfactory to me. If he has
made any arrangement I am ready to yield in
accordance with it.
The SPEAKER. How much time does the
gentleman from Kentucky desire?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. As I do not get
any statement with reference to any arrange-
ment among gentlemen on the other side" I
will for the present yield fifteen minutes to the
gentleman from Kentucky: and if at the end
of that time no objection shall be made from
, that side I will yield further.
Mr. ELDRLDGE. I believe it has been
b understood, so far as I know, that the gentle-
i, man from Kentucky should have half an hour.
; Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Very well, I agree
to that.
i Mr. HISE. Mr. Speaker, I should not de-
1 sire to speak at all if I did not have the atten-
tion of the House, or of such part as remain
in their seats. Besides, I do not desire to oc-
i cupy the time of the House at all in the dis-
cussion of this measure provided there be other
j gentlemen on this side who wish the whole of
I the time. I will yield at any time to any gen-
l tleman on this side who wishes to occupy any
portion of the time.
Mr. McKEE. I should like to have ten
minutes.
Mr. HISE. Mr. Speaker, I will state what
I understand to be the substance of this bill
without taking the time to read it to the House.
I understand this bill in substance to provide
; indemnity for all the violations of law, all the
crimes committed, all the murders, imprison-
ments, burnings, rapes, and plunderings unlaw-
fully committed during the progress of the war,
or from the year 1801 to 18G5, under the author-
ity of any order of the President of the United
States, any proclamation or any act of his, or
by his authority, whether done by individuals
or through the instrumentality of military tribu-
nals, or courts or commissions constituted for
the purpose of trying offenders. Now, sir, if
the Congress of the United States possesses the
constitutional power to pass a bill of this de-
scription then I have to acknowledge that all
the principles and views I have entertained and
which have been instilled into my mind by the
teachings and education, small as it may be,
which I have had in our system of jurispru-
dence, I mean the American system of juris-
prudence, will be shocked and unsettled.
I look upon this bill as one of a series of
measures that have been passed by Congress
heretofore, passed during the last session of
Congress, and which have been passed or re-
ported during this Congress, the design of which,
taking them as a whole, is in my opinion calcu-
lated, if not designed, to subvert constitutional
government in this country altogether; calcu-
lated,if not designed, to establish a Govern-
ment in which Congress shall be sovereign and
supreme, without restraint or control by the
Constitution of the United States. In other
words, it is a bill which, in connection with
others, if they are all passed and consummated
and stand the test of the judgment of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, will result
m the entire subversion of free and constitu-
tional government in this country.
I observed they shocked all the notions and
views I have imbibed as the result of my educa-
tion in the science of jurisprudence. I had
reference to American jurisprudenceespecially,
because all our laws are the proceeds and
results of the constitutions of government of
the States and of the United "States; and the
doctrine obtains without controversy and is
acknowledged by all lawyers who regard their
character and reputation, that these constitu-
t;onJ. Federal and State, are the supreme law,
the fundamental law, and there is no authority
existing in any of the functionaries of govern-
ment, whether executive, legislative, or judicial,
to assume to usurp the exercise of any power
in contravention of these constitutions of gov-
ernment. And the necessity of this principle
in countries which have Governments created
and formed and regulated by constitutions, the
necessity of the observance of that principle
is shown by the fact that liberty, civil and
religious liberty, cannot long exist without.
Jvot long since a bill was passed by which
the power of the executive department of the
Government under the Constitution of the
United States was partially overthrown; its
due power and function partially invaded bv
depriving the President of his rightful authority
in respect to appointments and removals in "
the Executive Departments. For if the power
of the head of the executive government,
under our constitutional system over the sub-
ject of appointments and removals of subordi-
nate and inferior administrative officers, be
hampered and limited improperly by the legis-
lative branch of the Government, the powers
of the Government to that extent are crippled.
It is clearly in violation of the Constitution of
the United States, and contrary to the true
design of the Government created by that Con-
stitution.
Not long since another measure was passed
by this House called the Army appropriation
bill. By the second section of that bill the
power and authority of.the head of the execu-
tive government of the United States over one
arm at least of his department under the Con-
stitution of the United States was taken away
and destroyed. The second section of that
bill, if offered as an amendment, would have
been ruled out of order in being tacked upon
an appropriation bill, with which it had no
reasonable connection. Nevertheless it was
reported in the Army appropriation bill, strip-
ping the Executive, as Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and Navy of the United States, of
all power to issue the necessary orders for the
government and action of the military forces
of the United States, except through the Gen-
eral of the Army, who, regardless of the v/ill
of the President and his paramount authority
over him, is to be permanently stationed in
Washington.
It is provided by the bill that the President
should be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor in
office if he should issue an order to any gen-
eral or subordinate officer holding command of
any portion of the Army of the United States.
It is provided, moreover, that any officer who
would carry instructions or orders from the
President to the commander of any portion of
the Army should be deemed guilty of a high
misdemeanor, if not of a felony, and should
be liable to indictment and trial and punish-
ment by fine and imprisonment. These pro-
visions in substance deprive the President of
his rightful and constitutional authority as
Commander-in-Chief of the Army of the Uni-
ted States; because the General of the Army
might, and no doubt would, demur and refuse
to execute the orders of the President at his
discretion, and thus the inferior would be made
the superior in regard to the control of the
Army. And no doubt the gentleman who intro-
duced this bill, and the majority of the House
who supported it, were advised' that the Gen-
eral of the Army and the President of the Uni
ted States would differ in opinion as to the
policy to be pursued with respect to the con
trol and the use to be made of the Army of
the United States; so that they intended by
this bill to deprive the President of his consti-
tutional power as Commander-in-Chief.
That bill also provides that the General of
the Army shall remain in Washington and act,
in substance, as Commander-in-Chief, and for-
bids the President to send him to any other
station or upon any service that would require
his absence from this city.
Now, sir, when you have crippled the Presi-
dent s power of appointment, and crippled
also, nay, taken away, his powers as Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army of the United
States, have you not substantially destroyed
the executive department of the Government
as constituted, and thus paralyzed this barrier
to congressional usurpations ?
And when these things are done their effect
is not limited to a divestatiou of the constitu-
tional functions and powers of ike present in-
cumbent of the presidential office; nor do the
advocates of these destructive measures excuse
themselves on the ground merely that they are
politically opposed to the existing President.
3' 'heir support of these measures they stand
'° of public policy by
which the executive department, its independ-
ence and its constitutional character and pow-
ers are destroyed, regardless of who may at
any tune hereafter fill the presidential office.
