92
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
engross its entire time to the exclusion of e very-
thing else.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If the gentleman will
allow me, I desire to ask him whether he re-
gards clerks as " officers" within the meaning
of the Constitution.
Mr. HALE. Certainly I regard a clerk as
an officer ; and a watchman in one of the De-
partments is an officer. I had not supposed
there _ was any doubt about that. Certainly
postmasters are officers; and here are I do not
know how1 many thousand postmasters whose
appointments are to come before the Senate
for confirmation. I trust, Mr. Speaker, that
the amendment which I propose will be
adopted.
- Mr. "WILLIAMS. If the gentleman will
•withdraw his amendment, in order that I may
renew it, I would like to say a word or two.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw my amendment for
that purpose.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I renew the amendment.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to say to my friend
from Iowa that, in using the term "heads of
Departments," I followed the language of the
Constitution, as I endeavor to'.do in all cases.
I refer the gentleman to that clause of the Con-
stitution which authorizes Congress to "vest
. the appointment of such inferior officers as they
think proper in the President alone, in the
courts .of law, or in the heads of Departments."
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman allow
me to read another clause of the Constitution ?
It provides that "the executive power shall be
vested in a President of the TJ nited States of
America." The proposition now is to vest it
in the Secretaries. In the second place, the
Constitution provides that—
"He [the President] shall have power, by and with
tlie advice and consent of the Senate, to make trea-
ties, provided two thirds of the Senators present
concur; and he shall nominate, and by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate shall appoint, em-
bassadors, other public ministers and consuls Judges
of the Supreme Court, and all other officers of the
United States whose appointments are not herein
otherwise provided for and which shall bo established
by law. JBui. the Congress may by law vest the
appointment of sueh inferior officers as they think
proper in the President alone, in the courts of law,
or in the heads of Departments."
Nowthis bill proposes to vest the appointing
power in the heads of the Departments, with
the concurrence of the Senate. That, I hold,
is an explicit violation of the Constitution. If
the appointing power be vested in the heads of
Departments it must be exclusive; we cannot
authorize them to send nominations to the
Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I did not yield the floor
for the purpose of enabling the gentleman to
make an argument, for my time is restricted.
I say the gentleman has failed to make good
the distinction he asserted. He said that the
language of the bill is erroneous; that it would
comprehend the judiciary as well as the other
departments. I affirm that the language used
in the bill is the constitutional language. When
the Constitution declares that Congress may
vest the appointment of certain officers "in
courts of law or in the heads of Departments,"
the latter phrase was surely not intended to
comprehend the legislative, executive," and
judiciary departments of the Government.
But I desire to say a word in reply to my
colleague, [Mr Thayer.] He thinks there is
no necessity for controlling the exercise of
this enormous power, which has been so long
enjoyed and so much abused by the Executive
—abused not merely now, but in previous ad-
ministrations of this Government; abused now,
as we know from declarations publicly made,
for the very purpose of thwarting and setting
aside the will of this nation as expressed by
its representatives. . I think the gentleman has
not read the elections aright. He certainly
has not read them as I have. Perhaps he has
not interested himself in them to quite the same
extent.
Mr. THAYER. My colleague, I am su.re,
does not intend to misstate my position.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No, sir.
Mr. THAYER. He will then allow me one
word of explanation. What I said was that,
in my view, there is no necessity for interfer-
ing with the Cabinet officers in this respect and
•departing from what I conceive to be the
intention of the Constitution on this subject,
while the control of the appointment of every
other officer remains as at present.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I will only
add that, judging from the debate in the Con-
gress of 1789, if the idea had not generally
prevailed that this power could not be taken
away from the President, that, in other words,
it could be exercised by him alone, a majority
of that Congress would never have consented
to lodge it there. And let me say to my Dem-
ocratic friends, who may be considered as rep-
resenting by a sort of apostolic descent the
anti-Federalists of 1789, that I am now main-
taining precisely the same position which was
occupied "by their supposed forerunners in the
Congress of 1789.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I do
not accept the doctrine which has been ad-
vanced by my colleague from Iowa, [Mr. Kas-
son,] and by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Thayer,] and the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Hale,] in regard to the execu-
tive department of the Government as correct.
I find, sir, that the Constitution says that the
executive power shall be vested in the Presi-
dent of the United States of America. Now,
I should like to know what there is in the
executive part of the Government as we find it
in the Constitution which would confer upon
the heads of Departments power to override
the President of the United States in the de-
termination of any policy however independent
of the President you may make these heads of
Departments? What right has a head of a De-
partment to a policy except it be that policy
established by law? What right under the
operation of this amendment offered by my
colleague on the Judiciary Committee would
the heads of Departments have to convene
themselves together and override the President
in the exercise of his power ? The President
is, as the Constitution says, the Executive of
the United States. He is to exccute—what?
He is to execute the law, and any policy which
he may have, or which his Cabinet may have,
or the two combined may have, in violation of
law, is a violation not merely of the law, but of
the Constitution itself.
Now, sir, the practice that this amendment
proposes radically to change in the executive
branch of our Government is one which has
obtained too often and too long in our Govern-
ment. It is in regard to foreign affairs and the
administration of domestic concerns as alluded
toby my colleague from Iowa. Sir, it is the duty
of the legislative department of the Govern-
ment to determine the policy of the Govern-
ment, internal and foreign. The laws passed
by Congress impose duties upon the President
and upon the heads of Departments, and they
are to see to the execution of these laws. I
ask any gentleman to point out to me how we
are creating another branch of the executive
department. I say Cabinet officers, if you are
pleased to call them such, shall hold their offices
during the term of the President by whom
they are appointed. How does that make them
independent in the determination of the policy
of the President? What have they to do but
to obey the laws and to obey the order the
President may issue as Executive of the United
States? Suppose a Cabinet officer should have
one line of policy in his Department, and the
President should conclude that another line
of policy should be pursued, what has the
President to do but to order this head clerk to
pursue his policy? Suppose he should disobey
any mandate of the legislative department
embodied in law, what right has he to override
the order of the Executive of the United States,
who is made by the Constitution chief execu-
tive officer, any more than he has to override
a mandate of the law, provided the order of
the President is within the proper limits of the
executive power?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted ou
the amendment and on the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to renew that
amendment. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, fromsthe Philadelphia district, [Mr.
Thayer,] has made a proposition which it
seems to me is entitled to great considera-
tion as to what might be the practical effect
of denying to the President the right to con-
trol the appointment and removal of those
who immediately surround him, what are
ordinarily called his constitutional advisers,
heads of Departments, invited to consult with
him from time to time. He says if that be
made the law of the land, the consequence
would necessarily follow you would make the
heads of Departments so independent of the
President that upon every question of policy
considered_ in Cabinet meeting they would vote
down the" President, and thus an executive
power would be built up unknown to the Con-
stitution. The gentleman shakes his head. I
understood him to make that argument.
Mr. THAYER. The gentleman will allow
me a moment to explain. He does not under-
stand what I said.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. THAYER. What I meant to say, and
what I presume the House understood me to
say, was this: it will be practically impossible
for any executive department to carry on this
Government-without a certain degree of har-
mony between those who administer the Gov-
ernment in his name and upon his responsi-
bility. I say if in their collective capacity these
gentlemen are opposed to him, he will of neces-
sity be compelled to yield. It will be impos-
sible to resist their joint influence, and in that
manner they will become practically a new
executive.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is precisely as I
understood the gentleman—that they will prac-
tically become a new executive unknown to
the Constitution. Now, I entirely concur with
the gentleman ift his opposition to this section
and desire the amendment as proposed by my
friend from New York. But 1 put my reasons
on an entirely different condition of things. I
hold that instead of building up a Cabinet
power against the President we should strip
him of all advisers -who have any responsibility
resting upon them if we pass this law. What
is a Cabinet officer? Not anything known to
your laws. The President by the Constitution
has a right to call for information from the
heads of Departments andtoasktheir opinion
out of this has grown up the usage or practice
of assembling them around him as his advisers.
There is no law requiring him thus to consult
with them in Cabinet meeting, and the time was
when these same officers were not called to
advise with him. The Postmaster General
was not formerly called a Cabinet officer. By
and by he was called in to advise. And so in
regard to the Attorney General. Thus it is
not a matter of law but of usage.
Now, if you say the President shall not have
the control of appointments and removals of
the heads of Departments, who by usage are
his advisers, what will he do? He will call
none of those heads of Departments to advise
with him ; he will have a kitchen Cabinet; he
will reign supreme and alone. He has as much
right to call somebody outside to advise with
him as to call upon these men in what are
called Cabinet councils—notmorally, not prop-
erly, but so far as any letter of the law is con-
cerned. He may call upon his youngest clerk
to advise with him, and the practical effectwill
be just as bad, I think, as the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] supposes, but as
I think for a different reason, you will compel
the President to give up Cabinet meetings if
you force upon him those he does not person-
ally trust, and make him resort to others for
the advice which those known to the law as
heads of the Departments are ordinarily called
upon to give him.
-[Here the hammer fell.]
