858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
reasonable profit, which is about seventeen dol-
lars and fifty cents a ton. That I am well certi-
fied of. This Nova Scotia stone, I am credibly
informed, is invoiced at less than three dollars
a ton, and sells in the market at as high a price
as the freestone, $17 50 a ton. The whole of
this $1 35 a cubic foot is labor, with the ex-
ception of ten cents for rent. The highest rent
. these quarries ever command is ten cents per
cubie foot. This amendment, then, is clearly
protecting American labor against the labor of
Nova Scotia. I am very clear in my mind that
we are under no obligation to these British
Provinces to legislate for their benefit, but that
we are bound to protect the hardy men who
are employed in our quarries and to protect
our own capital.
It has been said that this increase of duty
will make building material higher. I do not
think it will affect the price of building mate-
rials at all. There is so wide a margin between
the cost of the Nova Scotia stone and the price
at which it sells in market that even with the
four dollars a ton duty it will still be largely
imported into our market, and compete with
the freestone of our States.
The object of this amendment is twofold.
It will give us a large revenue, for the business
will be still carried on at a good profit by those
engaged in quarrying in Nova Scotia even after
taking off the four dollars. The quarrymen of
the States are interested in having this amend-
ment adopted, because, unless the profits of
that business are tjius pruned, large amounts
of capital will be invested in it, and the mar-
ket will be flooded with stone from the Nova
Scotia quarries. I think the amendment must
commend itself to the judgment of the Senate.
It will give us a revenue, and it will not in-
crease the price^ but will prevent the stone
from these quarries commanding the market-
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the rate of
duty proposed by the amendment?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Four dollars a
ton.
Mr. FESSENDEN, I ask what is the object
of striking out all these lines? "Why not sim-
ply say "on freestone" distinctly so much?
Why strike out "paving stones, slabs, and
flags not dressed?"
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Itooktheamend-
ment as it was offered to the Senate before,
simply striking out "grindstones."
Mr. FESSENDEN. But the Senator strikes
out several lines that he cannot really want to
interfere with. Why not leave the fifty-seventh,
fifty-eighth, and fifty-ninth lines, and then in-
sert a portion of his provision as a distinct
amendment ? Why not make a distinction be-
tween the uncut and undressed stone and that
which is cut and dressed ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. A distinction
between the dressed and undressed Nova Sco-
tia stone would not reach the purpose. The
other suggestion of the honorable Senator as
to paving stones, slabs, and flags, I have no
objection to adopting; but if the distinction
referred to should be made this stone would
come in partially dressed so as to evade the
duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would depend
altogether on the officers of the custom-house.
They ought to be able to tell whether the stone
was dressed or undressed. The result of this
proposition is to exclude the Nova Scotia stone
altogether. That is simply the object of this
amendment on the Senator's own showing.
I really did not suspect that my honorable
friend from New Jersey would repeat what we
have so often heard on similar propositions,
because I thought he was a little above that
sort of thing; but he brings in the old story
about foreign labor, &c. That may do very
well for an article in the Chronicle, and it may
do very well for cases where there is no argu-
ment that can be used; but it is hardly fitted
for anything beyond that. Now let us take the
Senator's own statement. He says the Nova
Scotia stone comes in here and sells in our
market for the same price that is charged for
our own stone. If it sells at the same price
and does not undersell our stone, where is the
injury to ourown production ? Unlesshe wants
to exclude the Nova Scotia stone altogether
the argument is not applicable, and J appre-
hend the amendment is so drawn as to pro-
duce that result, to exclude the Nova Scotia
stone altogether. If it could undersell our own
stone that would be one thing. If the import-
ers were able to sell the Nova Scotia stone at
a rate for which the owners of the quarries in
our own country could not sell their stone it
would seem to be an argument for protection;
but the Senator says both sell at the same
price.
I have heard these broad statements about
the price of labor in Nova Scotia, but I have
not yet heard any authority given for them. I*t
is taken for granted that labor there is at the
very low figures which have been stated here.
Now, I am informed on the contrary that in
the Nova Scotia quarries laborers receive $1 50
a day in gold. 1 think Senators would be a
little wiser if they did not pay too much atten-
tion to these broad statements that are made
by interested parties with regard to things of
which no proof whatever is furnished.
The only view the Committee on Finance had
in reference to this matter was one which gen-
tlemen in debate do not seem to recognize.
The committee thought that with regard to ar-
ticles of use for building purposes, which were
rough materials, it was not worth while to lay
on so heavy a duty as to oppress the consumer.
Gentlemen forget that there are three parties
to these compacts. There is, in the first place,
the grower of the raw material; there is m the
next place the man who manufactures out of
the raw material. Senators seem to think that
if these two parties agree the matter is settled—
it is all right; but I beg leave to remind them
that there is a still larger class interested, and
that is the people who use the material after it
is brought to a State where it can be used. I
think it is worth while to remember their inter-
ests as well as those of the other two classes,
while, as I have said more than once, I am in
favor of and have endeavored to so act in
arranging this tariff all through, as to afford,
with the duties which we must necessarily place
upon imported articles, adequate protection,
all that is needed to our own various manufac-
turing interests, I am not in favor of going be-
yond that merely for the sake of carrying out
a principle of protecting American labor. I
want to protect it just as far it needs protec-
tion, and I think the tariff affords ample op-
portunity to do that as it has been arranged;
but I do not want to go further than that in
laying burdens upon the consumer.
I differ entirely with my honorable friend
from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] in the remark he
dropped, that this was not a tariff for a pro-
tection. And while I am up I want to state
one other thing, and then of course gentle-
men will do as they please ; the matter does
not interest me particularly more than any one
else. The tariff bill as it came from the other
Hoase was a higher tariff than this in almost
every article. We have adhered to that bill in
only one particular, and that is in regard to
the duty on wools and woolens. In regard to
all other items, I will not say all, hut as a gen-
eral rule on pretty much all the other items
this is a protective tariff, but not so high as the
tariff of duties imposed by the House bill as it
came to us. And yet a member of the House
which passed that bill, and one of those who
voted for it, came to me this morning and com-
plained that we in the Senate had put on such
an enormous tariff of duties. I asked him what
he sent the bill here for, and he could not
answer that question.
Here let me state, once for all—because I do
not want to make any general speech on this
subject; I am obliged to make too many small
speeches to indulge myself or to afflict the
Senate by making an extended one—that we
endeavored faithfully, as well as we were able,
on an examination of testimony and on a study
of the subject, carried through days and weeks,
to arrange the duties in such a way as would
afford all the protection that we judged to be
needed. .If we have made mistakes it is the
business of the Senate to correct them; and
the Senate has seemed disposed very much to
correct them, because I have observed that
whenever a gentleman here, at the suggestion
of somebody at his elbow outside who is inter-
ested in a particular thing and wants a higher
rate of duty on it, makes such a proposition, it
seems to be taken for granted that he must
necessarily know more and have acquired more
information upon the subject than conld ever
have been acquired by the commissioner or by
the Committee on Finance. Of course I can-
not complain of this. Every gentleman is
entitled to vote as he deems proper,- but that
seems to be the result.
Now, sir, with regard to those building-
stones, I do not believe any such consequences
will follow from leaving the bill as it stands, as
are predicted by the Senator from New Jersey.
I have been informed, on authority that is cer-
tainly entirely satisfactory to me, and would
be, I think, to the Senate if the name of my
informant was stated—a gentleman who is not
at all interested in this business in any shape
whatever—that our own quarries are flourish-
ing and have been from the beginning, and
flourished even under the reciprocity treaty.
I should like to know how they got along
under that treaty. They established their
quarries and they went on laboring, and did
not particularly complain at that time. Their
business flourished under the reciprocity treaty,
which allowed building-stones to come in free
from Nova Scotia. The reciprocity treaty
expired and a duty came upon the article, and
they have been suffering ever since, according
to their story; suffering a great deal more than
they did when it came free, for then they did
not complain. The thing does not look to me
probable.
Sir, I have stated the view which the com-
mittee took. The Senate will arrange the
matter in its own way according to its own
judgment.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. In reference ta
the counsel of the honorable Senator, not to
put too much confidence in the statements that
are made to me, I admit that that is certainly
very proper ; but the fact is that the House
committee had a full investigation of this sub-
ject, had the parties before them, and they,
knowing the facts, fixed the duty at five dollars,
when we now only ask four dollars; so that it
seems a thorough investigation of the facts led
them to think that that duty was necessary,
and I believe (perhaps I am wrongly informed)
that the committee of the Senate had no in-
vestigation in regard to it; that the parties were
not before them. Probably this was the fault
of the parties themselves.
The argument of the distinguished Senator,
that this stone coming into our market does
not injure American stone, because Nova
Scotia stone is offered at the same price, is not
a sound argument, for the reason that the
Nova Scotia stone is more readily worked than
the stone of Conn ecticut, New Jersey, and Ohio,
and consequently has that advantage at the
same price.
I cannot agree that it is an unworthy argu-
ment or consideration for us to bear in mind
the difference between the cost of labor here
and in Nova Scotia. It is American labor that
this bill is intended to protect—just that. I
do not believe that this bill, whether it is passed
or not, makes a great deal of difference to the
capitalist. If a man has got a factory he can
close it and let it stand still; the doors shut
for six months, and he can bring the laborers
and 'the artisans of the United States to his
terms, make them take what wages he gives,
even if it is as low 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me say that my
friend's statement is exactly in the teeth of all
the statements made to us by the manufacturers.
They told us their laborers would not work for
low prices, and that they were compelled, ou
account of the workmen demanding highprices
for their labor, to ask additional protection.
