1534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
which flow over all the country again; requir-
ing them to pay their taxes, obey the revenue
and other laws, and send their Representatives
to this House, and their Senators to the other
branch of Congress. The whole of the Con-
stitution and all the laws are again in force;
not only that portion imposing obligations and
duties, but that portion also creating and con-
ferring rights upon these States.
The rebellion may be likened to the case of
a dam obstructing the flow of water. For a
time the flow is obstructed; but remove the
dam and the waters again flow over the coun-
try as before. And thus when the obstruction
to the enforcement of the Constitution and
laws of the United States was removed those
laws and that Constitution naturally flow over
all those States again. They were obligatory,
but not executed while the obstruction con-
tinued. But when the obstruction was re-
moved they were not only obligatory, but they
were enforced. Those laws have been and are
now executed, and have not been resisted since
the confederates' armies surrendered and were
dispersed.
Mr. LOAN. I would be glad to ask the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Hise] a single
question.
Mr. HISE. I cannot be interrupted, for I
have but little time allowed me in which to
speak. I do not know, sir, who commits the
breach of courtesy, if there be one, when a
gentleman is stopped in the midst of his argu-
ment by another with an interrogation. It is
put in a polite manner, I admit, and it may
appear to be uncourteous to refuse to answer;
but that game has been practiced upon me in
such a manner heretofore as to deprive me of
a great portion of my time. Besides, the ques-
tions generally amount to nothing, or are such
as the speaker is proceeding to answer when
interrupted.
Now, sir, all questions coming before the Su-
preme Court arise upon some case regularly pre-
sented. There must be parties litigant. There
may be cases between two States. Such cases
may involve questions of jurisdiction or of
boundary. Such a case may very well arise out
of the action of Congress and of the people, as
in the case of West Virginia in forming a new
State out of the territory of old Virginia, and
its admission in the Union. That case will yet
come before the Supreme Court at some future
period. Cases in which States are the parties
litigant necessarily come before that court in
the first instances. In reference to such con-
troversies the jurisdiction of that court is pri-
mary, not appellate.
Now, sir, it is proposed that in reference to
grave questions of this nature coming before
that court, involving the constitutionality of
laws of Congress, the opinion of a majority of
the court that the law in question is in conflict
with the Constitution shall be of no avail if
one member of the court dissents from that
conclusion. Thus a minority of the court are
to be allowed to decide questions affecting the
rights and interests of the States of this Union.
This would be the effect of the assault which
the Judiciary Committee are proposing to inflict
upon the independence and rightful jurisdiction
of the judicial power of the Government.
Again, sir, in pursuance of the same species
of legisiation we have the bill now before us
which proposes at one blow to strike down the
whole authority and jurisdiction ofthe Supreme
Courtot the United States, and all the State and
territorial courts in regard to all the crimes,
trespasses, robberies, and murders committed
within the jurisdiction of the several States
during the lastfive orsix years. Congress pro-
poses to deny to all the courts of the country
the jurisdiction over these various crimes.
What authority have we to pass such an act?
Why sir, the Supreme Court of the United
States, much less Congress, which has no judi-
cial power, has no right to assume jurisdiction
oyer cases falling exclusively within the juris-
diction of the State courts. The jurisdiction
and authority of the Supreme Court is specially
and particularly defined in the Constitution of
the United States. All other jurisdiction of
every sort and description pertains of course
to the local tribunals of the States. Yet, sir,
where murder, robbery, arson, rape, or any
other depredation such as characterized the
conduct of a large portion of the Army of the
United States in the southern States has been
committed, as such crimes have been in hun- j
dreds and thousands of instances, this Con-
gress assumes authority to blot out by a mere
stroke of the pen all the jurisdiction rightfully
belonging to the State courts to redress the |
injuries and wrongs which have been com- :
mitted. Every act which has been done under
any order or proclamation or other authority >
from the President of the United States; -
everything, however unlawful and criminal, I
which has been done by any court-martial or ]
military commission during the whole period i
of time specified in the bill; every petty lar- 1
ceny, theft, highway robbery, arson, or murder
committed by the soldiers of the Army of the
United States, in any of the States, is to be
blotted out. All these crimes are to be effaced ,
and the jurisdiction of the State and Federal
courts to grant redress orto impose punishment
is to be taken away by a stroke of the pen
upon a scrap of paper which this Congress
passes through the customary legislative forms
and calls a " law."
Now, sir, can such a thing be done? And
if it can, ought it to be done ? The army of a
civilized nation does not do these things. An
army whose officers were honorable men and
gentlemen, having the training and feelings and
principles of gentlemen, and that esprit du
corps which characterizes the French, or even
the British service, an army so officered would
never have committed crimes like these. Nay,
sir, when we look into our own Articles of
War and the rules and regulations of the naval
and military forces, we find in them no author-
ity for plundering citizens, for arresting and
murdering non-combatants, for committing any
of the various depredations and crimes which
attended and characterized the march of por-
tions of the Army of the United States. And
yet, sir, those depredations and crimes so com-
mitted are to be blotted out by the bill now
before us.
Sir, a proposition like this, however it may
appear to other gentlemen, would seem to me
ridiculous, were it not for the greatness and
solemnity of the interests involved. But it is
in accord with other measures now pending
before this Congress. We have now on our
files a resolution proposing to declare that the
President of the United States has no authority
under the Constitution to issue a pardon for an
offense before the offender has been indicted,
triedj and convicted. Thus, by statutory dec-
laration, it is proposed to contravene and
overturn a constitutional provision by which
the pardoning power is lodged exclusively in
the hands of the President of the United States.
That is a power which cannot be lawfully exer-
cised by the Congress of the United States.
It has under its control no particle of the par-
doning power; it cannot pardon anybody. The
power of the legislative department of this
Government is exhausted when it passes laws
defining misdemeanors and crimes and pre-
scribing the punishments for violations of the
laws which it enacts.
The Constitution has provided that the pre-
rogative of mercy, the power of blotting out
the penalty for offenses, shall be exercised by
the President of the United States alone. That
pardoning power of the President is plenary,
full, without limitation or restriction ; and as
I have said, Congress does not possess, even
to the smallest extent, this attribute of pardon-
ing offenders. Yet it is gravely proposed by a
resolution of this House to restrict the pardon-
ing power confided to the hands of the Pres-
ident by the Constitution of the United States,
and to say that that power shall not be exer-
cised with reference to offenders until they
shall first have been tried and convicted.
But this power which Congress, in contra-
vention of the Constitution, proposes to deny
to the President, it claims for itself; it claims
the power to pardon criminals who have neither
been tried nor indicted. That is the prop-
osition of the bill before us, that all offend-
ers and criminals who committed trespasses
upon property, liberty, and life duringthe prog-
ress of the war, if they did it under pretense
of authority from any officer of the United
States, shall be pardoned. Why, sir, from
what part of the Constitution does this Con-
gress derive a right to exercise the pardoning
power in this way ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky has now spoken forty-five minutes. His
time has been extended fifteen minutes, as the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] in-
formed the Chair during the progress of the
gentleman's speech that such an arrangement
had been made.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the time
of the gentleman from Kentucky be extended.
Several Members objected.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will now yield
five minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. McKee.]
Mr. McKEE. Mr. Speaker, it is not my
intention to make any argument on this bill.
Of course I could not do that in the time allotted
to me. It is similar in some respects to a bill
passed by this House and by the other branch
of Congress at the last session, called the in-
demnity bill, in the formation of which I had
some part, and if I may use the term, I regard
it only as an appendix to that bill to supply
some of its omissions and to cure some of its
defects. It is an important measure, one
necessary to the men who imperiled their lives
in the defense of the Government, one emi-
nently proper, one demanded, and one de-
manded in no part of this land more than in
my own State. Now, sir, I have heard talk
upon this floor such as I have heard elsewhere.
I have heard the Federal Army denounced,
and I have seen the men who served under the
flag of their country hunted down and perse-
cuted by the civil authorities of the State in
which I reside. For these men this bill pro-
poses the needed relief.
It is remarkable to me, it is a matter of
astonishment at this day when loyalty has
triumphed over treason, when rebellion has
been crushed, and when the defenders of the
nation's honor should be honored by all, that
upon the floor of the nation's Congress a mem-
ber of this body should rise in his seat and
denounce the Army of the Union as thieves,
robbers, and murderers, and guilty of all man-
ner of outlawry. I understood my colleague
[Mr. Hise] to say, and I did not misunder-
stand him, that the majority of the men in the
Federal Army were guilty of all manner of
violations of the law, and I understood his
declaration to go even a little further, that in
an Army commanded by gentlemen these things
never would have occurred. I know this sen-
timent is common in all that land where treason
has prevailed. I know it is the common theory
of the men who inaugurated and sustained this
rebellion that the loyal people who went forth
to fight under the nation's banner were men
without honor and without principle. And in
these disloyal districts they are endeavoring to
carry this idea into practice by fastening a stigma
of dishonor upon the men who sustained the
nation's flag in the day of its sore peril.
But, sir, I scorn this declaration of my col-
league. It is a slander against the brave men
who served in the Federal Army. A foul
slander which the nation's Congress will repel;
and the day will yet come when men guilty of
this slander will reach their proper level. For
what is this bill but to sustain the fair fame of
the soldiers who in hundreds of bloody battle-
fields prevailed over the mean, devilish attempt
to overthrow the free Government of the Uni-
ted States. \\ hat, sir, is this but a bill to save
the soldiers of our noble armies against the
malignant persecutions and prosecutions which
threaten them every day and every hour. It
is to protect these men, these loyal men, who
