18C7.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1535
are being, driven by hundreds and thousands
t from the States they would gladly call their
own.
TheSPEAKEU. The gentleman's five min-
utes have expired.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will yield the
gentleman two minutes more.
Mr. McKEE. I thank the gentleman for his
courtesy, and I will make but one single addi-
tional remark. Sir, this thing of persecuting
Union soldiers has been going on throughout
the South and in my own State ever since the
war ended and the rebels returned to their
homes. The active war rebels and the stay-
at-home sneaking ones are now united in this
business. Hundreds and thousands of actions
have been brought in the civil courts against
these loyal men. Some men have hundreds
of actions pending against them. No longer
than last week, in the town of Danville, in the
center of my State, a gallant officer of the Fed-
eral Army, famed during the war for distin-
guished and meritorious services, who, indeed
is credited with the honor of having won the
battle of Mill Springs, the gallant General
Speed S. Fry, has been warned if he will not
leave his home immediately death awaits him.
If this bill be not passed what will be the result?
Why, sir, that these brave men who did glori-
ous battle for the Republic will be compelled
% to leave their homes. In Kentucky to-day
the telegraph informs us two hundred men
have been sent to Danville by that noble old
hero, General Thomas, to protect the loyal
people there against those men who would
override all law and all justice and all right.
We need this military protection which my col-
league so denounces, and we will need it until
this rebel tyranny is crushed out in order that
loyal men may live in peace at their own fire-
sides. And when this is done wo need a law
to vindicate the defenders of the Republic for
their acts against traitors, and to prevent rebel
courts, rebel juries, and men bewailing the
'•lost cause," by an organized plan through
their Legislatures and courts, driving these
brave men from a land which, if not now, must
be open and free to all.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I have prepared some
remarks on this subject, but as there is great
anxiety on the part of our friends to get to
the internal revenue bill I will waive their
delivery, and only ask that they be printed as
part of the debates.
Mr. WOODBR1DGB. I make a similar
request.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly. [Their speeches will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I know the House
is anxious to proceed to other business, and I
do not propose to detain it either by an answer
to the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Hise,]
or by an explanation of the pending meas-
ure. The bill itself is a sufficient answer to
the remarks addressed against it, and those
urged against other measures of course are
not pertinent to this discussion. I now ask
that the vote be taken.
Mr. COOPER. I ask whether, in the opinion
of the chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary, this bill precludes any supervisory
authority on the part of the courts over any
punishment inflicted heretofore by any military
commission?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I answered last
night that this bill deprived the civil courts of
the country of all jurisdiction relative to past
action under the orders of the proclamations of
the President of the United States. The sec-
ond clause of the bill will answer completely
the gentleman's question. It is not the pur-
pose of the committee in reporting this bill to
leave to the civil courts jurisdiction over these
past acts.
Mr. COOPER. The point I desired the gen-
tleman's opinion upon is where the accused 
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will the gentle-
man give me a case?
Mr. COOPER. Take one similar to the
Milligan case.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the gentleman
will read the bill he will see it is intended to
provide against just such action as we had in
r the Milligan case.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. A single question. Does
the gentleman think Congress has the power
to prevent a State court from taking jurisdic-
tion of any of these cases? The language of
the bill is "or of any State court."
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
may be assured if I did not believe Congress
had the power to pass this bill I would not
have reported it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is a very sensible
answer, I suppose. [Laughter. ]
The bill was ordered to be engrossed ; and
being engrossed, it was read the third time.
Mr. FINCK. I demand the yeas and nays
on the passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 27, not vot-
ing C7 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, James M.
Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Bidwell,
Bingham, Blaine, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland,
Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook,
Cullom, Dawes, Delano, Deming, Dixon, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Eggleston, Eliot, Farquhar, Garfield, Grinnell,
Abner C. Harding, Hawkins, Hayes, Henderson,
Higby, Holmes, Hooper,Chester D.Hubbard, Demos
Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James H. Hubbell, Hul-
burd, Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Kelloy, Ketcham,
Koontz, Kuykendall, Laflin, George V. Lawrence,
Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marvin, Maynard, McClurg,
McKee, McRuer, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morris,
Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Price,
William H. Randall, John H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer,
Scofield, Shellabarger, Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Stil-
well, Stokes, Thayer, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt
Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner, Henry D. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Whaley. Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and
W oodbridge—9G.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Boyer, Campbell, Chanler,
Cooper, Dawson, Eldridge, Finck, Glossbrenner,
Aaron Harding, Harris, Hise, Edwin N. Hubbell,
Humphrey, Hunter, Kerr, Le Blond, Marshall, Mc-
Cullough, Nicholson, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter,
Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Taber, Trimble, and Andrew
H. Ward—27.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Anderson, Delos R.
Ashley, Banks, Barker, Benjamin, Bergen, Blow,
Boutwell, Brandegee. Sidney Clarke, Culver, Dar-
ling, Davis, Defreos, Denison, Qriggs. Dumont, Eck-
ley, Farnsworth, Ferry, Goodyear, Griswold, Hale,
Ilart, Hill, Ilogan, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Ingersoll, Jones, Kelso, Latham, William Lawrence,
Leftwich, Marston, Mcindoe, Morrill, Moulton. Nib-
lapk, Noell, Patterson, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Pome-
roy, Radford, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, Rogers,
Ross, Rousseau, Schenck, Stevens, Strouse, Na-
thaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Francis Thomas,
John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trowbridge, Robert T.
Van Horn. Elihu B. Washburne, Wentworth, Win-
dom, Wintield, and Wright—67.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. NOELL stated that he was paired with
his colleague, Mr. Benjamin.
Mr. COBB stated that Mr. McIndoe was
absent on important business, but if present
would vote in the affirmative.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, said that
Mr. Nnilack and Mr. Hit,i. had paired; the
former would have voted " no," and the latter
"ay."
Mr. ALLISON said that Mr. Wentworth
had been called home by sickness in his family;
he would have voted in the affirmative.
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
gkokcie w. A8IIISERN.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, obtained
the floor, but yielded to
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, who asked unani-
mous consent to discharge the Committee of
the Whole from the consideration of the bill
for the relief of George W. Ashburn, and put
it on its passage.
The bill directs the payment of §3,838 37 in
full for his equal part of the proceeds of certain
property gsized and condemned as the property
of one Frederick Stewart in the year 1803, in
the State of Tennessee.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The money has
been in the Treasury for some three years and
without this authority it cannot be paid.
Mr. COOPER. I object.
TAX BILL.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the rules be suspended, and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the tax bill.
Mr. FINCK. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question being put, there were—ayes
noes 40.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Van Horn and Finck.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 64, noes 44.
Mr. CONKLING. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn. I want the
country to see who are in favor of letting the
tariff bill go over for this session.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 57, nays 56, not voting
77) as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Baker, Beaman, Bergen,
Bidwell, Boyer, Buckland, Campbell, Chanler, Reader
W. Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cooper, Cullom, Dawson,
Delano, Dixon, Eggleston, Eldridge, Finck, Gloss-
brenner, Abner C. Harding, Harris, Hayes, Hise,
Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N.
Hubbell, Humphrey, Hunter, Julian, Kasson, Kerr,
Kuykendall, Le Blond, Marshall, Maynard, McKee,
Nicholson, Noell, Orth, Price, Samuel J. Randall,
William H. Randall, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanklin,
Sitgreaves, Sloan, Spalding, Stokes, Taber, Francis
Thomas, Trimble, Andrew H. Ward, Henry D.Wash-
burn, and Williams—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnell, James
M. Ashley, Baxter, Bineham, Blaine, Broomall,
Bundy, Conkling, Dawes, Deming, Dodge, Donnelly,
Eliot, Farquhar, Garfield, Grinnell, Hawkins, Higby,
Holmes, Hooper, John H. Huhfrard, Kelley, Ketcham,
Koontz, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Loan, Long-
year. Lynch, Marvin, McClurg, Mercur, Miller, Moor-
head, Morris, Myers, Newell, O'Neill,Paine, Perham,
Rollins, Shellabarger, Starr, Thayer. Upson. Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Stephen J?. Wilson,
and Woodbridge—56.
NOT V OTXN G—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ashl ey,
Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Benjamin, Blow, Boutwell,
Brandegee, Bromwell, Sidney Clarke, Culver, Dar-
ling, Davis, Defrees, Denison, Driggs, Dumont, Eck-
ley, Farnsworth, Ferry, Goodyear, Griswold, Hale,
Aaron Harding, Ilart, Henderson, Hill, Ilogan,
Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, James II. Hubbell,
Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Jones, Kelso, Latham,
William Lawrence, Leftwich, Marston, McCullough,
Mcindoe, McRner, Morrill, Moulton, Niblack, Pat-
terson, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Radford, Ray-
mond, Alexander H. Rice, John El. Rice, Ritter,
Rogers, Ross, Rousseau, Schenck, Stevens, Stilwell,
Strouse, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, John
L. Thomas, Thornton, Trowbridge, Robert t. Van
Horn, Elihu B. Washburne, Wentworth, Whaley,
James F. Wilson, Windom, Winfield, and Wright—77.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at ten o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the House
adjourned till Monday.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio: The memorial of
Charles B. Comsjock and some 300 citizens of Ohio,
praying Congress to abolish the present territorial
government in Utah, and for the establishment of a
military government for said Territory, and for the
protection of the lives and property of citizens of the
United States residing therein.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of Frederick Mat-
thews and others, of Barnstable, Massachusetts,
praying for relief to manufacturers of salt.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas: A memorial from
the Legislature of the State of Kansas, praying Con-
gress to grant to the St. Joseph and Denver City
Railroad Company such an amount of land or other
means ns will enable such railroad company to com-
plete said road.
Also, a memorial from the Legislature of the State
of Kansas, asking Congress to instruct the Secretary
of War to set apart and denote to the State of Kan-
sas a portion of the Fort Riley military reservatiou
for the support of an orphan's home for the children
of deceased Kansas soldiers.
Also, a memorial from the Legislature of the State
of Kansas, praying Congress to grant to the State of
Kansas, for school purposes, out of the public lands in
the State an equivalent for the sixteenth and thirty-
sixth sections of the reservations already disposed
of; and that in all treaties hereafter made with the
Indian tribes for land, the sixteenth and thirty-sixth
sections of said reservations be set apart for the use
of common schools.
Also, a petition from the citizens of Terry, in the
