1866.
the congressional globe.
The next amendment was then read, being
offered by Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, as follows :
Seo. —. And be it further enacted. That any officer
of the Government of the United States who shall
appoint or commission any person to an offiee in vio-
lation of the provisions of this act shall be deemed
guilty -of a misdemeanor in office', and on conviction
thereof, by impeachment or otherwise, shall be dis-
missed from office.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, ■I propose to mocf-
lfy my amendment by striking out the words
" by impeachment or otherwise." The object
of this amendment is to provide some penalty
for violation of duty in the exercise of the
appointing power either by the President or by
the heads of Departments. It is well known
in the history of the country, and not very far
back, that the appointing power has been ex-
ercised in a manner directly in conflict with
the laws of the United States ; and yet it has
neither been declared by law a misdemeanor
nor has any penalty been attached to it. I
therefore ask that this amendment may be in-
corporated in this bill, so that i#the President
or any other officer of the Government intrusted
with the appointing power should exercise it in
violation of law he may be reached by im-
peachment or by conviction in a court, as the
case may be, and that if he be found guilty
of misdemeanor in office by the high court
of impeachment, he may be dismissed from
office.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend the
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Wilson] by striking out the words,
"dismissed from office," and inserting in lieu
thereof the words "fined in a sum not exceed-
ing $10,000, or imprisoned not exceeding ten
years, at the discretion of the court." I will
state briefly_my reason for offering this amend-
ment. I think gentlemen will find, when they
look at this question considerately, that it was
intended when the specific provisions just re-
ferred to by me in the discussion of my col
league's [Mr. Garfield's] amendment were
put into the Constitution of the United States,
to thereby place it beyond the power of a dom-
inant party, a mere majority in the legislative
department of this Government, to clothe a court
and jury anywhere in this land with the power
of impeachment or of pronouncing the judgment
of impeachmentremoval from office. I think it
was clearly intended by the men who framed
that instrument when they inserted the pro-
vision, "the Senate should have the sole power
to try all impeachments," and that "the judg-
ment in cases of impeachment shall not extend
further than to removal from office and dis-
qualification to hold and enjoy any office of
honor, trust, or profit under the United States,"
to limit the legislative power both as to the tri-
bunal to try and the judgment to be pronounced.
It seems to me clear that it was intended that
this power to try should be confined exclusively
to the impeaching tribunal appointed by the
people, and that in no event should the people
be deprived of their executive head or other
civil officer for an impeachable offense on con-
viction thereof, save by the vote of two thirds
of the Senate.
_ Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will the gentleman
yield for a suggestion?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish to suggest
that by striking out the words "dismissed
from office" his amendment will apply to all
appointing officers. Now, I believe with the
gentleman that no court upon conviction, other
than the high court of impeachment, can rem o ve
a President from office; but other courts may
remove other officers; and yet the penalty of
removal from office, if his amendment shall pre-
vail, will not attach to any such officer. It
cannot apply to the President because that
would be in contravention of the Constitution.
Therefore there is no necessity for it unless the
gentleman intends to relieve ether officers from
liability of dismissal.
Mr. BINGHAM. I was led to the remark
by what fell from the lips of the gentleman
when he first spoke upon his amendment, the
gentleman having said that upon conviction
the President of the United States ought to
be. removed from office.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the gentleman
from office I mean by the court authorized to
remove him. .
Mr. BINGHAM. _ Well, Mr. Speaker, I so
understood. There is no misunderstanding.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not believe
any other court can do it.
Mr. BINGHAM. There is no occasion for
any legislation to clothe the Senate of the Uni-
ted States with the power of impeaching the
President.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. "There is for other
courts.
Mr. BIN GHAM. The gentleman says "there
is for other courts," and yet he tells us that he
does not desire to clothe " other courts" with
the power of removal from office. That is the
very thing he is doing by the proposed section.
He has struck out the words "by impeachment
or otherwise," and leaves the words "on con-
viction," which means on indictment and trial
before a civil court and conviction therein.
How does the section stand, then? Why that
"any officer of the Government of the United
States who shall appoint or commission any
person to an office in violation of the provisions
of this act shall be deemed guiity of a misde-
meanor in office, and on conviction thereof
shall be dismissed from office." That clothes
the civil courts with power to remove any officer
from offiee, the President not excepted.
Now; what I desire to impress upon the
House is, that in my opinion such legislation
is in conflict with the express provisions of the
Constitution of the United States and with the
manifest intent of its framers. I would remind
gentlemen of the remarks made by Hamilton
on this subject. He said when discussing this
question before the people upon the adoption
of the Constitution:
"Where else than in the Senate could have been
found a tribunal sufficiently dignified or sufficiently
independent? What other body would be likely to
foel confidence enough in its own situation to pre-
serve unawed and uninfluenced thenecessaryimpar-
tiality between an individual accused and the rep-
resentatives of the people, his accusers. Could the
Supreme Court have been relied upon as answering
this description?" * * *  . "The awful
discretion which a eonrt of impeachments must ne-
cessarily have, to doom to honor or to infamy the
most confidential and the most distinguished char-
acters of the community, forbids the commitment of
the trust to a smaller number of persons. Theso
considerations seem alone sufficient to authorize a
conclusion that the Supreme Court would have been
an improper substitute for the Senate as a court of
impeachments."
I therefore insist on my amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. 'I suppose the House is
about to. adjourn, and before it does so I desire
to offer an amendment.
The SPEAKER. There is now an amend-
ment and an amendment to the amendment
pending. No further amendment is in order
under the rules.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to propose it so as
to have it printed. I propose to strike out all
after the first section and insert the three last
sections of House bill No. 832.
The SPEAKER. When the amendments
are disposed of that motion will be in order
under the rules, being a proposition to perfect
the original bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me that
the best thing that can be done now will be to
commit this bill to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary and have it printed with all the amend-
ments. I think very few members of the House
know precisely the situation of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I thought the House was
about to adjourn and I wish to have my amend-
ment printed.
The SPEAKER. It can be printed by unan-
imous consent.
No objection was made.
Mr. BROOMALL. With the permission of
the gentleman from Illinois, I desire to make
some modifications in my amendment, so that
it may bo printed. I desire in the eighth lino
of the first section to strikeout "ten" and
insert "twenty," and to make the same altera-
tion in the tenth line. And in accordance with
the vote had, I propose in the fifth line of the
third section to strike out the words " by im-
peachment or otherwise," and the words re-
moval from office" in the fifth and sixth line,
and insert "imprisonment for a term not ex-
ceeding ten years."
Mr. JFARNSWORTH. I now move that the
further consideration of the bill be postponed
until to-morrow; and that meantime the bill
with the substitutes and amendments pending
be printed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent to submit the following amend-
ment as an additional section, in order that
it may be printed with the rest:
And be it further enacted. That no appointment to
any offiee in the civil, military, or naval service shall
be antedated or take effect prior to the time such
appointment was actually made; and no salary or
compensation shall bo allowed or paid to any officer
appointed under tho authority of the Government,
except from the time §uch officer actually enters on
the duties of his offiee, nor beyond the expiration of
his official term.
No objection being made, the amendment
was received.
The motion of Mr. Farnsworth was then
agreed to.
national currency.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I am
instructed by the Committee on Banking and
Currency to ask leave to report a substitute
for House bill No. 771, to amend an act en-
titled "An act to provide a national currency,
secured by a pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the circulation and redemp-
tion thereof, and for other purposes." I ask
that it be printed, as the original bill which
has been assigned for consideration on Tues-
day next is now out of print.
No objection was made, and the substitute
was received and ordered to be printed.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
following title, namely:
An act (S. No. 308) confirming the title of
Alexis Gardapier to a certain tract of land in
the county of Brown and State of Wisconsin;
when the Speaker signed the same.
internal revenue frauds.
Mr. DARLING, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Kenolvert, That the select committee for the invest-
igation of frauds upon the internal revenue have
leave to sit during the sessions of the House.
new orleans riots.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask unanimous consent
to submit for consideration at this time the
following resolution :
Resolved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to this House, if not incompatible with tho
public interest, all correspondence, reports, and
information in his possession iu relation to the riot-
which is alleged to have occurred in the city of New
Orleans on the 30th day of August last.
No objection was made.
The question was upon agreeing to the res-
olution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think
the resolution is incorrect in one particular.
It refers to a riot that occurred in New Orleans
on the 30th day of August last. I think it was
on the 30th day of July last.
Mr. NIBLACK. I was told that it was in
August.
The SPEAKER. The riot was within a few
days of the close of the last session, which
adjourned on the 28th of July.
Mr. NIBLACK. Very well; I will modify
the resolution so as to read, " on<the 30th day
of J uly last.''
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. DRIGGS, (at
twenty-five minutes before four o'clock p, m.,)
tho House adjourned.
