96
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December IS,
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. ANCONA: The memorial of Nelson Bell,
of Berks county, Pennsylvania, late a member of
company IC, third regiment Pennsylvania artillery,
praying for an act of Congress authorising the pay-
ment of bounty due him, withheld in consequence
"of the loss of his discharge certificate by fire.
By Mr. DARLING: Toe petition of 50 Sandy Hook
pilots, asking for an appropriation by Congress to
remove wreck of the steamer Scotland.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: The peti-
tion and document of Mrs. Margaret Boucher, for
increase of pension.
By SPALDING: The petition of Rev. Samuel
M. Be&fcty, for compensation as chaplain in the
United States hospital at Cleveland, Ohio.
\-By Mr.' WILSON, of Pennsylvania: The petition
of John P. (iulick, for compensation for services
rendered the United States.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 13,1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of Mrs.
Laura Houghton, praying for compensation
for property alleged to have been stolen from
her by officers and soldiers of the United States
Army at New Orleans; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented three petitions of
officers in the United States Army, praying for
an increase of pay; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
N. Callau, clerk of the levy court, and Samuel
E. Douglas, register of the city of Washington,
and William Laird, clerk of the corporation of
Georgetown, asking for compensation for ser-
vices rendered in preparing the ballots for the
juries for the several courts of the county of
Washington, District of Columbia; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORRILL presented the petition of
Nathan Sargent Dustin, praying that his name
may be changed to that of Nathan Sargent;
which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
reports of committees.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a resolution
directing the Public Printer to cause to be
engraved the drawings accompanying the an-
nual report of the Columbian Institution for
the Deaf and Dumb, and also to print for the
use of the institution one thousand additional
copies of the report, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee-on the District of
Columbia; which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 635) to amend an act regulating
proceedings in criminal cases, and for other
purposes, approved March 3, 1865, reported
adversely thereon.
transportation of friction matches.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 147) amending the ninth section of
an act entitled "An act to amend an act enti-
-tled 'An act to provide for the better security of
the lives of passengers on board of vessels
propelled in whole or in part by steam,' and
for other purposes," approved August 30,
1852, have directed me to report it back with-
out amendment and to recommend its passage.
I ask for its present consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the joint resolution? It requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me that the
resolution had better be printed.
Mr. CONNESS. Let it be read that we
may know what it is.
The PRESIDENT pi*o tempore. The read-
ing of the joint resolution being asked for, it
will be read at length,
The Secretary read the joint resolution,
which proposes to amend the fifth division of
the ninth section of the act of August 30,
1852, so that inspectors may, in the license
therein provided for, exempt a steamer from
the obligation to carry in a safe, chest, or com-
partment composed of or lined with metal
compact packages of friction matches securely
packcd in strong, tight wooden chests or boxes,
the covers of which shall be firmly fastened
on by locks, screws, or other fastenings, and
which shall be stored in a safe part of the
steamer designated by the inspectors in their
license and at safe distance from any fire.-
By unanimous consent the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It was reported to the Senate and ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce would be kind
enough to explain the provisions of the meas-
ure. As I understand it, instead of putting
additional safeguards around the transporta-
tion of goods and passengers which it seems
to me the public voice unanimously demands
all through the country, this resolution takes
off some of those safeguards by permitting
vessels to carry friction matches otherwise
than in the safe that has hitherto been required
by the law to be provided.
Mr. CHANDLER. In 1852 a law was
passed which contained the following pro-
vision :
" Upon the application of the master or owner of
any steamer employed in the carrying of passengers
lor a licence to carry gunpowder, oil of turpentine,
oil of vitriol, eamphene, or other explosive burning
fluids, and materials which ignite by fnction, or
either of them, the inspectors shall examine such
vessels, and if they find that she is provided with
chests or safes composed of metal, or entirely lined
therewith, or one or more apartments thoroughly
lined with metal at a secure distance from any fire,
they may grant a certificate to that effect, authoriz-
ing such vessel to cany as freight any of the arti-
cles aforesaid, those of each description to be secured
in such chest, safe, or apartment, containing no other
article, and carried at a distance from any fire to be
specified in the certificate: provided. That any such
certificate may be revoked or annulled at any time
by the inspectors, upon proof that either of the said
articles have been carried on board said vessel, at a
place or in a manner not authoiized by such certifi-
cate, or that any of the provisions of this act in
relation thereto have been violated."
That act has never been applied to friction
matches until September, 1SCG; nor was the
Department aware of the existence of any such
law. In September a man in Louisville dis-
covered the existence of such a law, and for
reasons best known to himself called the atten-
tion of the Department to the fact, and com-
pelled the Secretary to issue orders that fric-
tion matches should not be carried except in
metallic cases. No steamboat in the United
States is prepared with metallic casesto carry
friction matclies. The consequence is: that the
transportation has ceased ; they cannot be car-
ried. They are very bulky. One man in De-
troit ships two or three car loads a day. No
iron safe can bo prepared large enough for
them. The Secretary of the Treasury stated
to me that he had the matter referred, on this
application, to an expert, and that expert told
him that you might thrust a red-hot iron bar
into a box of friction matches, as at present
prepared, and they would not ignite unless you
withdrew the bar; you must let in air. This is
simply a law which was made to apply to some-
thing" else, and has never been applied to
matches until the present moment. A petition
has been sent here, asking for a change of the
law, by a very large number of wholesale gro-
cers and others "who have occasion to sell fric-
tion matches, and the Committee on Commerce
this morning unanimously directed this joint
resolution to be reported, and I asked that it
be put on its passage at once because very
great inconvenience is being suffered by the
people of the weste'rn rivers by the enforce-
ment of this law.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should lilce to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Commerce
whether this applies to ocean steamers'?
Mr.GHANDLBR. Itappliestoalisteamers.
Chinese fire-crackers have been shipped with-
out being put in metallic cases for the last five
hundred years. They are of the same charac-
ter as these. This resolution simply leaves
things as they have always stood heretofore
until this law, which was intended to apply to
gunpowder and glycerine oil, was brought to
apply to friction matches. They are very bulky
and it is utterly impossible to provide iron safes
for their transportation.
r The joint resolution was read the third time
and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 466) for the relief of William L. Adams;
which was read twice by its title, and, with the
accompanying papers, referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 467) to amend the act entitled "An act
further to prqgide for the safety of the lives of
passengers on board of vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam, to regulate the sala-
ries of steamboat inspectors, and for other
purposes," approved July 25, 1866 ; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
4C8) in relation to the appointment of marshal
and also of register of wills in the District of
Columbia; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Mr. YATES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
460) to provide for the publication of amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the joint committee on reconstruction, and
ordered to bo printed.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 470) to authorize the change of a name;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. SPRAGUE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 471) to authorize the sale of land in
certain sand islands to the Mobile Harbor and
Railroad Company ; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
. house bill reversed.
The bill (H. R. No. 879) relating to brevets
in the Army of the United States, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
printing of state constitutions.
Mr. HOWE submitted the following res-
olution ; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That the Secretary prepare for publica-
tion a volume containing the colonial charters and
the various State constitutions of each State oi' the
United States, together with all amendments thereto
at any time in force, arranging the same in chro-
nological order for each State, and that copies thereof
be provided for the use of the Senate.
printing of land office maps.
Mr. HOWE. I offer the following resolution:
Resohcd, Thatten thousand copiesof thomaps ac-
companying the late report of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office be printed for the use of the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be referred to the Committee on
Printing under the rule.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to ask a question
in regard to that resolution. I presume the
maps are to be printed, if printed at all, in
connection with the report?
Mr. HOWE. No, not this edition. This is
an extri edition that I propose. It is simply
an edition of the maps.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I hope the Senator
will see the propriety of discharging the Com-
mittee on Printing at present from the consid-
eration of that resolution, and the other reso-*
