1866.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
lotion which was referred to them a few days
ago, so that the whole subject may be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands of the Sen-
ate, that they may consider and make a rec-
ommendation upon it, and then it can be
referred to the Committee on Printing. It is
deemed of great consequence* by many who
have examined the report of the Commissioner*
of the General Land Office tli'atanextra.num-
ber of it should be printed; and printed with
the maps accompanying it, for the purpose of
circulation in Europe through the agencies to
be connected with the Exposition at Paris in
1867. For that purpose, if the Senator and
other Senators will consent, I will move that
the Committee on Printing be discharged at
present from the consideration of this resolu-
tion and the one referred to them the other
day, and that both be referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands for their consideration so
that the whole matter may be considered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to suggest to
the Senator from California' that the maps ac-
company the report, and will be printed with it.
Mr. CONFESS. I am aware of that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But the reports from
the several offices of the surveyors general
will not be printed. There is an existing law
limiting the reports of the different Depart-
ments to a certain number of pages, and be-
cause of that law the Commissiotter had to leave
the reports of the surveyors general out of his
report; and if it is the desire of the Senator
from California to have the reports of the sur-
veyors general printed there will have to be a
special order to that effect. Some of these
reports, I presume, are very important, and
they have usually accompanied the report of
the Commissioner,, but under existing laws
they cannot.
Mr. CONFESS. My purpose was that this
question should have full consideration by the
Committee on Public Lands of this body
before the Committee oh Printing consider it,
and I hope that course will be taken.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to say that I have
very little choice as to whether the resolution
goes to the Committee on Printing or to the
Committee on Public Lands. I have a reso-
lution in my hand that refers to the printing of
some copies of the report of the Commissioner
for distribution at the Paris Exposition, and
that 1 propose to send to the Committee on
Public Lands. The purpose I had in view in
offering the resolution now before' the Senate
was entirely different; and that was, to get
some extra copies of some new maps, very
valuable, I think, for home consumption, and
not very valuable for foreign distribution.
Mr. CONNESS. Let the whole matter go
to that committee.
Mr. HOWE. Very well; I will change my
motion and ask to have the resolution referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. That change
will be made, no objection being interposed.
Mr. RIDDLE. I object. I think the prop-
osition involves a probable expense of $26,000,
and the Committee on Printing have been in
the habit of investigating these questions and
reducing the expenditures. It is usual for such
subjects to go to the Committee on Printing,
and that committee having investigated them
heretofore I think are competent to decide
upon the propriery of this resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question will be on discharging the Oommit-
tee on Printing, to whom the resolution was
referred, from its further consideration and
referring it to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CONNESS. My purpose. I will say to
the Senator from Delaware, was not to dis-
charge the Committes on Printing from the
consideration of that portion of the question
that belongs to them legitimately. When the
Committee on Public Lands shall have reported
upon I he policy of an extra publication, then
I'desirc that that report shall go the Commit-
tee on Printing, and in that way we shall get
at what the Senate waut in all probability. I
hope, therefore, that that course will be taken,
39tii Contg. 2d —No. 7.
for it will be regular, and if the Senator will'
permit me to have the question put on send-
ing the resolution to the Committee on Public
Lands, I will make that motion now.
Mr. RIDDLE. I withdraw my objection.
That explanation is satisfactory.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then by
common consent the Committee on Printing
will be discharged from the consideration of the
resolution, and it will' be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, no objection being
interposed.
LAND OFFICE" UEPOET FOR EUROPE.
Mr. HOWE. I offer the following resolution,
and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the 0#wmittee on Public Lands be
instructed, to inquire and report upon the expediency
of printing the report of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office for the year ending June 30,1866,
in the different languages spoken on the continent of
Europe, for distribution at the Paris Exposition.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. Does that mean all the
languages that are spoken in Europe, or only
some of the principal ones, such as German and
French ?
Mr. HOWE. I did not undertake to specify
in the resolution just how many languages nor
which the report should be printed in, but I
proposed to refer the matter to the Committee
on Public Lands, who I suppose will deter-
mine it.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands have several letters and communica-
tions asking to have the report printed in Ger-
man and French, but the Senate have never
ordered any of these reports to be printed in
any foreign language, and I do not know whether
it would be the sense of the Senate to order
them to be so printed now. If the Senate are
in favor of this resolution, I think it. would be
very agreeable to the committee to report it.
Mr. HOWE. The simple question is, whether
the Senate will direct the Committee on Public
■ Lands to inquire into the expediency of such a
publication ; that is all.
Mr, POMEROY. Very well; let it go to the
committee.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to my col-
league whether the question of printing this
report in foreign languages and distributing it
in foreign countries does not appropriately be-
long to the committee over which the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] pre-
sides, the Committee on Foreign Relations?
Mr. HOWE. This question of conflicting
jurisdiction here is one that embarrasses me
more than any other; and it happens because
the boundaries of the different jurisdictions do
not seem to be very accurately defined. This is
a question of the expediency of printing in the
different foreign languages a report from the
Commissioner of the General Land Office just
made to Congress. Now, whether that belongs
to the Committee on Public Lands, to the
Committee on Printing, to the Committee on
Agriculture, to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to the Committee on Mining, or to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad I am
unable to determine; but I do not think it is
of any very great importance which committee
does consider it. I propose to have the Com-
mittee on Public Lands inquire first and I have
no particular objection to its going through
the roll of the other committees afterward.
Mr. SUMNER. _ I should like to hear the
resolution read again.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. SUMNER. T have no desire to take
to the committee with which I am connected
any other business than that which naturally
belongs to it, but by repeated votes of the
Senate the whole subject of the Paris Exposi-
tion, the appropriations for it, and what the
United States should do for its representation
there has been referred to that committee,
audit has reported repeatedly upon it, and the
appropriations which have already been made
have been made on the recommendation of
that committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the adoption of the resolution.
The resolution was adopted.
ADMISSION OF COLORADO.
Mr. WADE. I move that ta-morrow be set
aside for the consideration o#"the bills for the'
admission of Nebraska and Colorado. I wish
them acted on at an early day, and I hope we
shall meet to-morrow and dispose of them. ,
The PRESIDENT^rotempore. Itismoved
that the bill for the admission of Colorado be
made the special order for to-morrow.
Mr. HOWARD. At the last session the two
Houses of Congress passed a bill for the ad-
mission of Colorado as a' State of the Union,
and it had the misfortune to encounter the pres-
idential veto, and we have never yet tasennp
the bill as returned by the President to the
Senate for reconsideration. It strikes nle tha6
we might very properly proceed to the con-
sideration and disposition of that veto message
and the bill which was the victim of it at an
early period in this session. I see no neces-
sity, I must confess, for introducing aid acting1
upon another and separate bill for the admis-
sion of Colorado while a bill for the same pur-
pose is still pending "before us. I merely throw
out this suggestion to my friend from Ohio.
Mr. WADE. Thatsubjectisnotup. Whether
we shall act on the veto message or on a new
bill will be proper for consideration when the-
question comes up. I do not know that that
is a very important matter. My object is to-
have the question disposed of. I find, how-
ever, that there is an opposition among Sena-
tors to making the bill a special order for to-
morrow, and as I do not know that anything
is to be gained by that, I will content myself
with expressing "the hope that we shall not
adjourn over from to-day, and I give notice
that I shall early to-morrow move to take up
the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands the Senator from Ohio as with-
drawing his motion.
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir. I withdraw it.
NATIONAL BANKS.
■ Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following
resolution: which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
P.eaohed, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
directed to report to the Senate the names of the
several national banking associations which have
failed to comply with the provisions of law requir-
ing a reserve of money on hand', and that he report
V7 hat legislation, if any, is necessary to enforce against
such associations the provisions of tho law.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE IIOUSK.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that tho House had passed the bill (S. No. 373)
releasing to Francis S. Lyon the interest of the
United States in certain lands.
Also, that the House had passed a concur-
rent resolution for the adjournment sf the
House from Thursday, the 20th instant, to
Thursday, the 2d day of January next.
ENROLLED Bins.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (S.
No. 308) confirming the title of Alexis Garda-
pier to a certain tract of land in the county of
Brown, and State of Wisconsin; and tho en-
rolled bill (S. No. 373) releasing to Francis S.
Lyon the interest of the United States in cer-
tain lands.
SCFFTtAGS IX TIIK DISTRICT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no further morning business, the Chair win
call up the unfinished business of yesterday,
which is the bill (S. No. 1) to regulate the
elective franchise in the District of Columbia.
That bill is now before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the pending question
being on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Dixox] to the amendment
reported by the Committee on the District of
Columbia. On this question the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. nMiu-HSoy] is entitled to the
floor
