1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ufacturers of pig. Why? Because scrap is
worth twice as much as pig to them, and is
ready for use. Oh, yes, they will protect pig,
most assuredly; but .they let in scrap at three
dollars per ton, and it costs them twenty-eight
dollars a ton to turn pig into scrap. Will you
not get a large amount of duties from pig un-
der that? Oh, they were very patriotic; they
were really anxious that the manufacturers of
pig iron should be protected!
On all iron in slabs, blooms, loops, or other forms
less finished than bars, and more advanced than pig
iron, except castings, one and one fourth cents per
pound.
Mark you, their material comes in at three
dollars a ton ready for this operation, and they
fix this duty at the exact cost of puttingitthrough
their rolling-mills. They are going to have free
trade so far as they are concerned, and yet they
are going to have just exactly duty enough to
pay them for rolling. That is what they have
done. They have charged a duty which ex-
actly covers the cost of rolling, and they get
their material free. Where are your duties to
come from? They have gone through this whole
list in the same way. They put twenty-five dol-
lars per ton upon this rough materia], which
costs them about twenty dollars per ton to run
through their mills. Then—
, On iron bars for railroads and inclined planes
made to pattern, ready to lay down, seventy conts
per hundred pounds.
Or fourteen dollars per ton. That you see gives
them a protection of just eleven dollars per
ton over any foreign iron-roller. You bring in
the material ready for the heat at three dollars,
and then you give them a protection of eleven
dollars per ton, which more than pays the dif-
ference in the cost of labor between Great Brit-
ain and the United States. Again:
On iron bars rolled or hammered, comprising flat
bars not less than one and a half Iior more than four
inches wide, nor less than half an inch nor more than
twoinches thick, oneandone tourth centperpo'und.
Or twenty-five dollars a ton. There again
you give them the exact expense of rolling pre-
cisely. That is just what it cost. Is not this
very patriotic? Bring the material at a nom-
inal duty, and break down every forge in the
United States while you build up your rolling-
mills ! Certainly that will be the result, and
you will stop our mines in Michigan, that yield
richer than any other in the world. We can-
not send a pound of ore to Ohio if this bill
passes, because they will use old scrap. You
stop the forges throughout the State of Penn-
sylvania, because you admit the highest grade
of iron at three dollars per ton duty, ready for
the rollers. But again:
On all sizes of fiats, rolled or hammered, less than
three eighths of an inch in thickness, and not thinner
than No. 8 wire gauge, ono and three fourths cent
per pound.
Or thirty-five dollars a ton. Here they have
carried out the same rule. They have gauged
this bill from end to end, and given the rolling-
mills protection to the amount of the whole
cost of this, as the Senator from Maine calls
it, remanufacture. 1 need not go through all
the items to show that this is carried out
throughout, but here is another:
On all sizes of oval, half oval, and half round
iron, two and one fourth cents per pound.
Or forty-five dollars a ton. They apply here
the same rule as they do in regard to articles
more cheaply rolled. This whole list, from
end to end, is simply for the benefit of the
rollers, and to exclude all foreign rolled iron.
Now, Mr. President I have been trying for
the last two days to ascertain the amount of
duties received from iron imported into the
United States during the past year, but. I can-
not ascertain it precisely. I then desired to
approximate the amount, and I asked the
commissioner if ten million dollars would be
about it. He said that he thought not; that
would be within bounds. I think the sum
actually received would reach fifteen million
dollars: but assume for the sake of the
argument that we receive ten million dollars
as duty upon iron and the manufactures of
iron last year: how much will you receive under
this tariff? Six months from this day you will
not receive one fourth what you receive now.
You are cutting off for this present year,
18C7, at least five million dollars from your re-
ceipts. You will receive all the railroad scrap-
iron of the world. This will be the great en-
trepot for scrap; we shall be a nation scrapped
to death. If we get three hundred thousand
tons of scrap it will give us a duty of nine hun-
dred thousand dollars, and you sacrifice the
ten millions you now receive, and in whose in-
terest? Will ypu get iron cheaper then? Not
at all; but this is- entirely in the interests of the
rolling-mills.
Mr. President, if free trade is the rule, if
that is what you are after, say so; but do not
permit this great iron interest, scattered all
over the United States, to bo sacrificed for the
benefit of some ten or twelve rolling-mills.
Perhaps I am mistaken in the number of roll-
ing-mills, but they are certainly very few in
comparison with the great number of forges
and manufactories of iron all over the United
States.
Again, after they have got through with these
rolling-mills, they do not stop, but they carry it
out in regard to the finer manufactures of iron.
For instance:
On railway frogs, frog points, side bars, and finger
bars of iron, threo cents por pound.
Or sixty dollars a ton, while they admit the
material from which these are manufactured
at three dollars per ton. These very articles
are manufactured from the scrap, admitted at
three dollars per ton, and yet the bill gives a
protection of sixty dollars a ton to the manu-
facturer. Then on screws the duty is eight
cents a pound, or $100 a ton.
Mr. GRIMES. That has been raised.
Mr. CHANDLER. How much?
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know, but 1 know
that it has been raised.
Mr. CHANDLER. Again:
On horse-shoe nails, fivo conts paj pound.
So you see that the effcct of this bill will be
to utterly destroy the manufacture of iron from
the ore. It will benefit the Iron and Steel Asso-
ciation who are engaged in rolling-mills. The
rolling-mill interest will be benefited, and all
other interests connected with iron in the Uni-
ted States will be sacrificed.
I cannot believe that the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Finance understood the
working of this thing. I do not believe he would
have brought in such a proposition if he had
understood it. This whole section of the bill
is gotten np in the interest, and solely in the
interest, of the rolling-mills of the United States.
It is gotten up to destroy your revenue from all
the products of iron. I know the Senator from
Maine did not introduce it for any such pur-
pose ; but that will be the immediate effect
of it.
Now, Mr. President, I propose to fix the duty
on cast scrap iron at four dollars a ton, and on
wrought scrap at eight dollars. The duties
ought to be eight and twelve dollars, as I pro-
posed the other day ; but fearing that I may
not be able to get that adequate protection for
this great interest of the country I have pro-
posed the smallest amount that will be any pro-
tection at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not pretend, sir,
to compete with the honorable Senator from
Michigan in the knowledge of this or any other
subject, however much 1 may have considered
it; and certainly, so far as I am individually
concerned, I have no knowledge on this par-
ticular subject except what I derive from the
statements of other people on whom I have
relied. If this duty is wrong, if it will have
the effect the honorable Senator supposes, if
he is right, I hope the Senate will adopt his
amendment, because I have no other motive
or wish than to place the matter on a right
foundation.
I will merely repeat briefly what I said before
on this subject and then leave it, because I can-
not undertake to quarrel with gentlemen's state-
ments continually. The Senate must judge of
them. The bill came from the House with a
duty of five dollars a ton.oa scrap-iron. In
that body, as is perfectly well known,, there
are several gentlemen interested ire the manu-
facture of iron, and one of the principal ones
is upon the Committee of Ways and Means; I
allude to the honorable member from Pittsburg,
who is perfectly acquainted with the whole
subject, and has been engaged in the business
for many years. The bill came to us, as I have
said, with a- duty of five dollars a ton on both
descriptions of scrap iron. When we were con-
sidering that subject we had before us quite a
numerous delegation from the city of Pitts-
burg. _ They were men who wanted an increase
of duties, and they stated that upon old metal
three dollars was ample; that there was no
competition in that matter winch would hurt
anybody; and they were perfectly satisfied with
three dollars instead of five; but they thought
the wrought iron ought to be put up higher.
We took into consideration their arguments and
agreed to oblige them in two particulars. They
demanded, in the first place, that we should
raise the duty upon bar, hammered, and rolled
iron ; and in order to raise that duty they
demanded a different classification, making five
divisions instead of three ; and that new class-
ification, when examined, as we are assured—
and I take it there is no dispute about the fact—
carries up the duties nearly half a cent apound
from the rates proposed by the commissioner.
They demanded, also, this increase upon
wrought scrap iron. Wc came to the conclu-
sion to accommodate them in the main thing,
and that was the additional protection which
they demanded upon their own manufacture,
and wa gave them precisely what they asked,
and put it in their own words—all the protec-
tion they needed. We came to the conclusion
also, on their statement, not going quite so
high as they asked, but putting the duty at
what it stands in the present tariff, to put eight
dollars a ton on wrought scrap iron, leaving
three dollars, which they said was all they
asked, on the old metal cast iron. The Sena-
tor now says it is necessary to have four dol-
lars on that. Therein he differs from the man-
ufacturers, who say that three dollars is enough.
Mr. CHANDL'ER. What duty does this
old cast metal pay now? Does it not pay
eight dollars a ton?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not remember
whether it does or not. The Senator can see
for himself by turning to the book. What it
pays now is not the question. The question is
what it ought to pay. The manufacturers said
there ought to be a distinction between the
two, and that the old metal was sufficiently
protected at three dollars a ton, but they de-
manded considerably more on the wrought iron
scrap.
1 think we were very liberal to the manufac-
turers of iron. We increased the duties largely
by changing the classification, and we increased
them as they demanded, though not quite to
the extent they demanded, in putting wrought
scrap iron at eight dollars a ton. We found
out afterward, however, when we came to ex-
amine the matter, that they had coupled with,
it a proviso which, from its description of the
article, as I said the other day, would abso-
lutely exclude the wrought iron from the covfc-
try, and thus destroy not only all the advan-
tage which might begot from its remanufacture,
but all the advantage derived by its being picked
up in South America and elsewhere and brought
here in our vessels. That we learned before
we made the report, and consequently we cor-
rected it. I believe some of them laughed in
their sleeves at the idea that they had imposed
on the committee in that way. It stood, there-
fore, as we arranged it, at three dollars a ton
on old metal, as they asked, and at eight dol-
lars a ton on old wrought iron, as the Senator
now asks. Subsequently we received a corn-,
munication from the Iron and Steel Associa-
tion, and we supposed that that association
included a considerable number of men en-
gaged in all branches of the iron business.
By the vote they passed they expressed a de-
sire to have all scrap iron placed at three dol-
