1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1539
use the numbers and marks upon barrels that
are placed in bond. To illustrate.: a distiller has
five packages of whisky, the number five is a
mere illustration as any number can be used
according to the extent of the business, prop-
erly inspected, gauged, branded, and entered
in his warehouse. These are numbered serially
from one to live, and stand upon the books of
the collcctor and assessor properly indexed,
charged to the distiller, and cannot be moved
without payment of tax, except to another
warehouse, or when withdrawn for redistilla-
tion or export. The distiller, however, is not
anxious as yet to disturb these five packages.
He goes on getting other five packages; marks,
brands, and numbers them precisely like those
in bond; then gets a permit to remove certain
five packages from his warehouse to some other
warehouse. This is done by giving bond that
on delivery of these five packages within thirty,
sixty, or ninety days, or six months, at the
warehouse indicated the bond shall be can-
celed. He then commences, but not on the
real five packages. The lot precisely like that
is started in one direction, another lot is soon
made and started in another direction, and we
have the astonishing fact that the same whisky
is professedly sent for San Francisco by the
Isthmus route, the Cape route, and, what is
strangest of all, the (fverland route, the same
permit being used in each case to carry the
lot, but of course going only so far on any
route as is necessary to find a rectifier who will
buy. Finally one lot reaches the proposed
destination, and the bond is canceled.
It is apparent from this illustration that the
very forms of the law are resorted to as a pro-
tection to defraud, for the permit which covers
a shipment to California is perfectly good, no
matter by what route the shipper sees fit to
send his goods. If seizure should be made
while in transit the permit is flauntingly pro-
duced and there ends the proceeding.
Among the distillers of small capacity the
more usual means of evasion are brought to
bear in the distillery itself. The whisky is
turned off from the indicating cup and passed
into the receptacle for low wines, from whence
it is abstracted, or, by shutting the cock for
high wines and overflowing the cup, thus dis-
charging it into a special receptacle, or by
pumping it out of the cistern either through
apertures in the ceiling or by siphons. These
frauds would be apparent on examining the
distiller's register of materials used if this
was reliable, but here the fraud begins. He
enters there so much and only so much of
ingredients as will produce the amount of
whisky he expects to report to the collector.
He thus keeps up a fair appearance to all who
casually drop in, and no one not in constant
attendance can question these entries. And
this was precisely what was expected of the
inspector in charge. It was supposed his con-
stant presence would be an effectual check, and
that the entire product would be in his keep-
ing until the tax was paid.
The distiller's book is thus made to cloak
the inspector, and whether in complicity or in
ignorance it is all the same. It is a cloak,
and some of them wear it with astonishing
stoicism in the face of the most appalling array
of facts.
Persons of wealth, social position, and char-
acter, largely engaged in the rectification of
distilled spirits, are shown to be large buyers
of illicit whisky, this assertion being sustained
by the fact that they purchase at prices greatly
below the amount of Government tax and
lrom unknown and obscure persons, who act
as brokers, the distillers themselves seldom
appearing in the market. The law is defective,
inasmuch as it does not require them to keep
a record of the brands upon the barrels which
they buy, but are only required to keep a record
of the person from whom they buy. If they
were required to keep a record upon their
books of the name of all distillers ana inspect-
ors whose names appear upon the barrels, and
of the fact whether branded tax paid or not,
the spirits could always be traced to the fount-
ain head, and immediate detection and pun-
ishment of the guilty parties would follow.
Capitalists formerly engaged in distilling
find under the present system a much more
favorable opportunity for the employment of
their capital with less danger of exposure if
guilty of fraud, by rectifying spirits than by
distilling, as their reputation and means are in
less jeopardy, it consequently is not an un-
common thing for them to start small distill-
eries under names of irresponsible parties
who give insufficient or bogus bonds, and then
through means and appliances within the reach
of all men of means and position corruptly in-
clined, procure the appointment of inspectors
for these distilleries and supply rectifying estab-
lishments with the illicit product, sharing the
profits with the less fortunate but no less guilty
confederate. In fact, a case plainly illustrat-
ing this operation has come to my knowledge,
although no evidence of fraud or intended fraud
has appeared. One of the principal rectifiers in
my city, and who it is known buys whisky at
less than tax, is bondsmen for the collector of
one of the districts. An inspector of a distill-
ery has been appointed by this collector at the
request of this rectifier, and the distillery in
which he is placed is now running and has not
up to this time been molested, notwithstanding
the fact which must be apparent to every one
that no distiller can honestly pursue his avoca-
tion when the product is selling in open market
far below the tax imposed upon it; and this
fact naturally suggests the inquiries in the
minds of every one whether or no tfie officer
in charge can be performing his duty honestly
when he permits the continuance of a distillery
under such circumstances.
I visited one grain distillery and examined
the whole practical operations under the present
system. With an accurate capacity of about
one thousand gallons per diem of twenty-four
hours, the proprietors claimed they were mak-
ing only five hundred gallons per day, and a
casual examination of the book which they arc
required to keep disclosed the fact that they
were paying tax on an average of three hun-
dred and fifty gallons only. I found a suffi-
cient number of fermenting tubs to allow a
continuous distillation night and day if desired.
The receptacle for low wines was an open hogs-
head, with the spirits exposed to view and
accessible to any one. The cup in which the
spirit is tested by the hydrometer in its passage
from the worm to the receiving cistern was also
uncovered, and it was within the province of
any one by simply turning a cock to run proof-
spirit off and into the hogshead prepared
for the reception of low wines. A visit to the
cistern-room, which was separated from the
open portion of a room by a board partition,
and where the inspector was apparently en-
gaged in the discharge of his duties, revealed
the fact that the entire contents of the cisterns
could be drawn out while the room was under
lock and key by means of pipes inserted in
the opening at the top of the cisterns through
a hole in the floor directly above, which holes
were skillfully concealed by plugs.
It was apparent that the inspector must be
cognizant of these facts. It will readily be seen
that by running the distillery at night during
the absence of the inspector the abstracted spir-
its could be constantly replaced in the cisterns.
In another visit to a molasses distillery which
1 found in full operation, the cistern-room
consisted of a small apartment boarded off
from one corner of the room where the stills
were located, and the "bonded warehouse"
was another small apartment boarded off from
an opposite corner, with boards nailed in such a
manner as to be easily removed from the inside
of the still-room. The door under the inspec-
tor's lock opened into a yard. The cistern con-
sisted of a large barrel with one head out from
which the spirits were being dipped out with
buckets and emptied into barrels under the eye
of the inspector. The existing arrangement
of bonded warehouses in all small distilleries is
a complete farce and a gross violation of what
I regard as the spirit and intent of the law.
Now, the idea presents itself that something
is wrong, and I hesitate not to assert that the
system and its ministers are most terribly in
fault. G uilty connivance must exist, or frauds
of such wholesale character could not be per-
petrated. A radical change is demanded,
especially in the present system of removal
on permits. No such carte blanche should lie
put into the hands of any distiller. This should
bo confided to some officer, detailed to wit-
ness the removal from the distillery, and by
whom the permit should be forwarded for can-
celation by the collector designated. Over
five million gallons are now supposed to be
floating about on these permits, and with-
drawal bonds, and not accounted for to the
Department. If the Government even realizes
a tithing of the §10,000,000 tax due thereon
it will be more fortunate than its past success
warrants it to hope for. Of course this loss of
tax involves the fidelity of collectors, not less
than of keepers of bonded warehouses ; a sys-
tem as applied to distilleries which has proved
worse than a failure. It would almost seem
that our present mode of taxing and dealing
with distilled spirits had been suggested by de-
signing persons with reference to profit through
its thousand and one deficiencies.
As to the penal enactments of the present
law, it has come to my knowledge that the
mode of enforcing penalties has in numerous
instances left the impression on the mind of
the tax-payer that the money paid by him in
compromise was really hush-money for the
pocket of the officer dealing with him. A case
will illustrate. Inspector A calls upon B, a
whisky manufacturer or cigar dealer, and find-
ing what he charges to be fraud, kindly tells
B the whole matter may be settled for §1,000.
B objects, but is told that his place will bo
seized and his business stopped unless a settle-
ment is made. To prevent this he hands over
to tlio officer the money demanded and is
told to go about his business. But the ease
does not close here. Officer A must keep his
record clear, and so he goes to the collector
and states that B has been guilty of fraud,
offers $750 in compromise, and to pay the tax
due of §250 ; thus covering the entire §1,000.
Mr. Collector at once advises the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue of the case, and
advises that the $750 be accepted. This done,
an order is soon received distributing to officer
A one half as moiety to the informer and the
other half goes quietly into the Treasury.
Cases almost without number have been
transacted by the same officers, netting them
within twenty months the snug sum of §23,000.
Now I do not believe that one man in ten
thus compromised with supposes the money
so paid by him ever reached the Treasury. I
am justified in this opinion by the many in-
stances wherein parties have complained of
having paid hush-money, and which on invest-
igation proved to have been disposed of as
stated.
A case is related in which a man even signed
a confession of judgment, and the name of a
leading proctor of New York was affixed to
his cognovit of the attorney for the injured
party, and yet he solemnly affirms that the
business was so conducted that he was led to
believe and did believe, until shown the copy
of a pretended judgment in the office of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, that he was
fleeced by parties who in turn fleeced the
Treasury.
That this system is working badly, the sys-
tem of moieties, is beyond controversy. Upon
the question whether any moieties should be
allowed, I propose no suggestion, assuming
that the practice of nations has settled the cor-
rectness of the theory. But. upon the mode
of administering this subject, I propose checks
and guards for both citizen and officer. I say
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue should
not be vested with sole control. The propo-
sition to vest the adjudication and compromise
