864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3d,
crash. Although the article is not taxed five
per cent, on the manufacture, yet by the five
per cent, otherwise that this article indirectly
pays the Government will take off every cent
of the protection that you give; so that as the
bill now stands there is not one single cent of
protectioa given to any of the coarser articles
now manufactured in this country. I challenge
contradiction here or elsewhere. I assert that
neither upon crash nor upon burlaps nor upon
any of these coarser articles is there one single
mill of protection. You offset everything.
Mr. JOHNSON. How much is made?
Mr. SPRAGUE. There is a vast quantity
of it. There are $10,000,000probably invested
in the business in this country. The conse-
quence is that there is not to-day, and has not
been for the past six months, a single mill that,
can start one step in this business. As I said
the other day, it costs about three times as
much as it does to make common cotton cloth.
A weaver will attend five of those looms, here
hecan attend to butone. A cotton spinnerwill
attend to five spindles, where a person can
attend to but one in this business. You can
bleach a yard of coarse cloth for half a cent
a yard, and it costs three cents to bleach this.
The result is that there "cannot be one yard
produced iu this country after the passage of
this bill in its present shape. The conse-
quence of that will be that the consumption
of flax, heretofore entering into this product—
and the report of Mr. Wells shows that after
this manufacture had gone into operation, it
increased the price of your hemp and flax one
hundred per cent.—will go back to its original
condition. There is not an article in this bill
but what has an advantage of twenty-five per
cent, over the article now in question.
Sir, I have no particular interest in this
thing. I simply desire to establish and perfect
this branch of industry. It has a standing now
and I am influenced only upon that considera-
tion of the subject. I do not want these men
to make money now when the country is suffer-
ing and when laborers are turned out of em-
ployment; but I do not want to see legislation
here that is favorable to the production of these
goods on the other side of the water.
The other day two Senators took occasion to
speak of me as one interested in the manufac-
turing interests of this country. Well, sir.
that is a fact. I am interested in this linen
manufacture. When our ports were opened
for the free admission of the machinery em-
ployed in the manufacture of this article I
availed myself of the occasion to import that
machinery. I have not been able, nor shall I
be able, to make a single yard of the articles
that are embraced in this clause. 1 did not do
it to make money; I did it to start this branch
of industry, as my record shows. I am a man-
ufacturer of cottons it is true; and I am a
manufacturer of woolens, of steam engines, of
locomotives, everything almost embraced in
this bill. I did not do it to make money; I
let everybody into every interest I am con-
nected with. If they show that there is a new
principle to be developed, a saving of labor,
something that will cheapen commodities,
everybody has always found my interest and
my willingness there. I challeuge contradic-
tion. I challenge anybody to show to the con-
trary.
Why, sir, I am an importer. I know the
operations of the importing interest. There
are but few men in this country who have as
large an importing interest as I have. There
are but few men in this country that have as
large a general distribution of goods, both for-
eign and domestic. I am connected with the
bank interests, too; I have been connected
with them for the last fifteen or twenty years
I am connected with the insurance business
also. Everything known in this bill, I am
more or less directly connected with. I pre-
sume that I pay more than any dozen people
in this country upon the articles enumerated
in this bill coming from abroad which are
introduced into the manufacture of our Ameri-
can products. I go abroad, I go into all the
cities, and if I find there an improved article
I endeavor with all the wits and means I have
to bring it back into this country in order to
develop it here. If there is something to grow
or something to manufacture, or anything of
that kind, I am interested simply to have it
established here.
If gentlemen say that I am a cotton manu-
facturer, they may just as well say that I am a
woolen manufacturer, a linen manufacturer,
and a manufacturer of steam-engines. lean
make the best locomotive engine in the world.
I challenge anybody to compete with it. I can
make the best piece of cotton cloth, and the
best and cheapest calico in the world. There
is no doubt about it.
But, sir, I do not like to be charged with
having my mind run simply in one idea. I do
not like, when I advocate an interest here, to
have it intimated or thought that it is'because
it is my interest, because I am interested in it.
Sir, the interest of this whole country is my
interest. I would rather to-day sink beneath
this floor than advocate any interest here
because it was mine or that I was to make
money out of it. I should feel that I was
undeserving the position I occupy if I 'were to
do so.
It njay seem strange to Senators, but in all
my life I have never asked a man to vote for
me or for any proposition except in the few
cases of Senators that I have called upon in
reference to this linen manufacture. Contrary
to the general acceptation of the fact, as regards
my position politically and otherwise, I never,
directly or indirectly, asked the first man from
the time I came into political office until the
present time, or upon any measure, legislatively
or otherwise, for the support of anything until
this flax interest came up. I have been abroad
and seen what an immense interest this flax
interest was. I have seen forty and fifty and
sixty yards of this article which would only
weigh a pound. I have gone down to the very
gradations of that, and I have seen hundreds
of thousands of people getting their livelihood
from this branch of business. I have seen
immigrants coming into this country in vast
crowds who have heretofore been employed in
that business. _ Is it not natural that I should
feel an inclination to have it established in my
own country that they might be employed here?
Now, Mr. President, the facts are that this
ipterest has never had any advocate. They
have never felt strong and powerful. They
have never combined together except indi-
rectly for the purpose of showing exactly how
their interests stood in reference to other com-
modities. I endeavored to show the other day
that it was the least protected. I did not know
then but that it was somewhat protected; I did
not know but what there was some breakwater
against the importation of these articles from
foreign products; but there is not one single
mill—rather to the contrary—to offset, what ?
To offset the increased price of labor in this
country. I trust this amendment will prevail.
Mr. FOWLER. I only wish to make a sin-
gle remark on this subject. As a general rule
I am opposed to the policy of protection. How-
ever, I am very willing to vote at the present
time for the imposition of duties on most articles
for the purposes of protection. I think there is
a necessity for it under present circumstances
and in the present condition of the country.
But I do not intend to discuss the principle of
protection at all. I should like very well to
see this bill carried, however. I believe it is
proper and necessary. _ So far as protection is
required, I believe the infant manufactures are
the ones that should receive the benefit of that
protection. I have always understood that the
idea was to afford them protection to enable
them to stand until they could gain sufficient
strength to manufacture without protection.
I find that the friends of protection here assert
a very different doctrine on the subject.
But, sir, I rose principally to protest against
the discussion of the whole system of the pro-
tective tariff on every little interest that is pro-
posed to be taxed for the sake of protection.
We do not want any such discussion. I think
if Senators will confine themselves strictly to '
the questions that are before the Senate that
we shall get through with this bill much sooner.
Sir, allow me to make one further remark.
A stranger here would suppose that almost
every Senator was engaged in some species of
manufacture, and came here for the purpose
of protecting' his own self-interest and nothing
else. I do not consider it in that light. I do
not suppose Senators are governed or con-
trolled by any such motives. If I thought they
were, I should vote against every proposition
that is offered here, and the whole bill itself.
I wish to protest also against the charges
that are made against New England or against
the West that they are acting upon selfish mo-
tives entirely. I do not see that Senators are
acting1 exaetly in that way; nor have I seen
that this or that section of the country was in-
fluenced entirely by any such motives or any
such considerations. I think it is time to put
a stop to such allegations. I shall listen with
a great deal of patience to gentlemen who are
discussing these questions solely on their own
merits; but I do hope that this kind of discus-
sion to which I have alluded will cease.
Mr. HARRIS. I only desire to add one word.
I offered this amendment, not at the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Rhode Island, but in
consequence of an interview which I had with
two gentlemen engaged in the manufacture of
the article which is involved in the amend-
ment. These gentlemen I know personally.
They are gentlemen of intelligence, honorable
men, largely engaged in this business. They
were satisfied with the bill as it passed the
House, because it gave them the protection of
a specific duty of> six cents per square yard;
and they were satisfied, or at least were willing
to submit to the bill as reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance to the Senate, because it
gave them a specific duty of three cents a
square yard. Now, this duty of three cents a
square yard, as I understand it, is stricken out,
and I proposed only to make it four cents a
square yard. It is a different proposition to
be sure, and gives a little more protection than
the bill of the Committee on Finance did, but
not so much, only two thirds what was given
by the House. The three cents a square yard
is stricken out, and I propose to substitute only
four cents per square yard, for the cheaper
article and six ccnts per square yard for the
more expensive article. I am assured by these
gentlemen, and I believe them as I would be-
lieve any Senator on this floor, that if they
cannot have this protection they must abandon
this kind of manufacture and go into a manu-
facture of a different kind of linen goods where
theyimport their flax. Thequestion is, whether
we shall follow the suggestion of the Committee
on Finance and import this cheaper article of
linen manufacture, or whether we shall en-
courage our own citizens in entering into this
infant manufacture.
_ Mr. STEWART. I only wish to make a
single remark on this subject. I am in favor
of this amendment, for this reason: this is a
great flax-producing country, and those of us
who are not very familiar with the details of
manufacturing generally can readily see that
there is very little of this flax used by the manu-
facturing establishments. Thfey have been un-
able to succeed in their manufacturing, show-
ing that they must have protection if they are
to succeed. During the last summer I had
occasion to visit Rhode Island, and I found the
Senator from that State engaged in what he
termed an experiment—not to make money out
of it, however. He had got a large establish-
ment for the_ purpose of making the experi-
ment, to see if this could be manufactured in
this country, to bring up the interest. He called
my attention to the iact that this was a great
flax-growing country, and the flax was not
being used m this country at all. The fact that
nobody to any great extent has succeeded in
this department of manufacture, and that this
country is producing a large amount of flax,
and is capable of doing so, Shows, if we are to
