1540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
of every crime except that of murder in one |
man for the State of Ohio, or one man for
the State of New York would be laughed to
scorn. Yet the Commissioner is such man for
the entire Republic. I also say no case either
civil or criminal should be compromised.
And herein I remark that a few vigorous
prosecfttions and inflictions of criminal reme-
dies would go far to break up the frauds now
rampant in all branches of the revenue. It is
easy to conceivc of a willingness in culprits
who have swindled at the rate of thousands per
day for a few months to disgorge some insig-
nificant fraction of their colossal thieving if
thereby the prison will not close upon them.
As incident to this subject I remark that it
is by no means certain that collectors, who by
the internal revenue law are specially and
solely charged with the duty of prosecuting (in
the name of the Government) for violations,
have not used this very authority to protect
offenders. I charge that in repeated instances
wherein a great wrong had been committed,
the collector after giving the matter the form
of an examination has decided to take no legal
steps—whether corruptly or honestly I care
not which—thus shielding crime ; because his
refusal to prosecute is an effectual protection.
I say, therefore, that no such power should
be vested anywhere. It is wrong in every
aspect wo may consider it; but especially
wrong in view of the injustice and wrong that
may be committed by it, and this through a
mere folding of his arms and a complacent
statement of the collector, I see no evidence
to convict."
I say let the doors of our courts be open to
all; let the complainant have direct access to
the proper prosecuting officer, (the district
attorney,) and let that officer be authorized to
proceed on behalf of the Government on the
relation of such complainant. A check of
this nature would have at least one salutary
effect: it would open the doors of our courts
to all.
A common excuse offered by collectors is
their responsibility for costs in case of failure
to convict. This is a grave defect of the law,
for which there should be some saving provision.
It is hard, indeed, to compel a man having no
personal interest in a prosecution to take the
character of prosecutor, more especially as he
must rely for witnesses upon informants per-
sonally unknown to him; especially hard for
hitn to find on the day of trial that his wit-
nesses have been quietly tampered with and
spirited away by his antagonist. Yet the law
affords no protection, except an application to
the Department for reimbursement, a step usu-
ally attended with tedious delays and involving
time and annoyance, for which no recompense
can be made.
Why, I ask. would not the system now in
force in the department of customs be more
advantageous? Or why, as I have just now
suggested, should not the complaining party
or informer be privileged to go direct to the
district attorney ? Why the circumlocutory pro-
cess of carrying his discoveries to the collector,
who is but a mere marshal, charged with the
collection of taxes, and who should have noth-
ing else to do? I must confess myself at a loss
to divine what reason influenced the existing
enactment in this respect.
Having reached the conclusion that the pres-
ent system is a failure, 1 have been led to con-
sider whether it might not be so modified as to
meet the desired result, but in this have failed.
Its delects seem so radical as to defy any hopes
of improvement by any mere trimming or prun-
ing its details. Some other system should be
adopted, and that speedily, if we would stop the
demoralization which attaches to this branch of
the service, and which of necessity must spread
through our entire revenue system; for it is idle
to expect that men will administer corruptly
one subject of taxation and bring purity to all
others. There is a poison to unclean gains
which, once tasted, give3 appetite insatiable
for more.
Among the plans suggested, and which have
received not a little of my consideration, are
the
METRICAL SYSTEM,
which may be applied in one or both of two
ways, and the
CAPACITY SYSTEM.
The capacity system varies from the metrical
in that it is nothing more or less than a meas-
urement of the entire fermenting capacity of a
distillery, and the tax is upon the estimate of
what it ought to produce, leaving the respon-
sibility for leakage, breakage, stoppage, and
loss o"f time at the risk of the owner. The
only difficulty suggested in this connection is
that the grain mash of equal capacity will pro-
duce less than the molasses mash. This could
measurably be provided for by assessing the
distiller every ten or fifteen days upon his
sworn statement of the materials he proposed
to use. If molasses, he would need no watch-
ing. If grain, an occasional visit by the_ as-
sessor would keep all in check; and such visits
should bo frequently made in order that he __o_. - . . -
should know of any change in the structure of j right to plunder if done adroitly, thus abusinj
the distillery by which its capacity could be j both Government and people, and filling pri
increased. It is apparent, therefore, that by j vatepurses at the expense of the general Treas
therefore, after ascertaining the amount needed
is to impose it, and then try by stringent legis-
lation to thwart the evasions. In taxing spir-
its, let us not involve the absurdity of treating
it as contraband, as a luxury which we do by
high imports, and at the same time favor it as
if It were a necessity, which we do by the
present odious bonding system. Let Govern-
ment set down its foot firmly and deal with it
as if it really were what it is claimed to be. a
luxury; such a luxury as should bear largely
the national burden. Delay but adds to thfe
difficulty. The unclean money filched as it
were from the Treasury by the villainy of dis-
tillers, amounting up as it does to millions of
dollars, affords a corruption fund of so por-
tentous dimensions that it may ultimately
affect the power to legislate upon it.
I cannot close without exprsssing my con-
viction that we have much to hope for from the
proposed Jpw regulating the tenures of offices.
In times past the possession of an office has
too often been considered in the light of a
legalized opportunity, a sort of recognized
either the metrical or the capacity system, th
onW inspection necessary is the assessor or
collector, to whom any evasion would be in-
stantly apparent.
THE METRICAL SYSTEM
May be applied by placing a meter at the end
of the worm, suitably adjusted to prevent
tampering with its index, and so constructed as
to indicate the total product; and I have reason
to believe that ati excellent one has been
devised, with adjustment for separating high
and low wines and all by automatic action,
giving upon the index the unerring data for
computing tax. This may also be applied in
another form, and one claimed by its advocates
to be a compromise between the meter at the
end of the worm and the system of measuring
the fermenting capacity. It is contended that
the beer apart from grains can only be worked
to advantage at a certain standard as indicated
by the saccharometer. Assuming this standard
as the one near which or at which all distillers
would seek to work, (for their interest would
prompt them to do so,) and it is a very simple
process to estimate the amount of tax to levy
upon each gallon of the beer, to produce the
equivalent of two dollars per proof-gallon of
spirit. A little variation either way would only
atfect the tax, and would operate the same for
all distilleries, so that none could gain or lose
an advantage to the prejudice of others.
Let me state, in conclusion, that no system
will of itself prevent fraud. So long as dis-
honest avarice is to be contended with, the
! officers of the law, be they ever so vigilant and
; their means of prevention ever so perfect, will
find wicked men ready to hazard liberty and
property in the effort to evade law. Keeping
this in view, we act most wisely when we so
shape the system as to reduce the chances and
means of fraud, or when we create barriers
which will so increase the cost of such expense
; as will measurably defeat the object of evasions.
| This, we believe, would be accomplished by a
vigorous and faithful application of either the
! metrical or the capacity system. One great
[ advantage of these consists in dispensing with
j all inspectors of spirits, inspectors on aistill-
! eries; also with branding, bonding, and ex-
porting in bond, and bring the distiller in more
. direct contact with the collector and assessor.
I I am not so sanguine as to suppose a perfect
system can be'devised, or that frauds can be
wholly prevented under any system; for so
long as any article is taxed its value in mar-
ket is thereby enhanced, and this very advance
in price furnishes an object for the avaricious,
and it has proved that however small the tax
upon an article there have been found those
who would evade. So that although a large
tax offers a larger inducement than a small
tax, it does not follow that men are more hon-
est under one than the other. Our plain dutv.
ury. Too many have acted vigorously upon
the doctrine of makinghjiy while the sun shinc-s,
and herein is the principal source of all revenue
frauds, for of the aggregate number committed,
those not with the guilty knowledge of some
official, sink to insignificance when compared
with those which could not possibly be com-
mitted without such complicity.
I now offer the following resolution :
Reiohed, That there be printed fur the use of the
House ten thousnndcopies of the report of the select
Committee on Internal Revenue Frauds with the
testimony, and ten thousand copies without the testi-
mony. •
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing, under the law.
Mr. THIMBLE. Mr. Speaker, I have not
had an opportunity, as a member of the select
committee, to examine the testimony, and I
should like to have the privilege, if I shall
conclude to do it, to present a minority report
after examining the report of the majority.
No objection being made, leave was granted.
thomas versus arxell.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
submitted testimony in the case of Thomas
vs. Arnell, which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
recording of votes.
Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, on Saturday
night a good many members were absent when
the vote was taken on the indemnity bill. I
now ask unanimous consent that they now
have an opportunity to record their votes.
Mr. PRICE. I do not object if it does not
change the result.
Several Members. It cannot change it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the same privilege be granted to
members who were absent on the final vote
on the reconstruction bill.
No objection being made, the following mem-
bers recorded their votes on the questions
named:
On concurrence in the amendment of the
Senate to the reconstruction bill as amended
by the House : yea, Mr. Dixox and Mr. Gar-
field.
On the final passage of the indemnity bill:
yea, Messrs. Anderson', Delos R. Ashley,
Brandegee, Sydney Clarke. Davis, Dixox,
Farxsworth, Garfield, Hill, Ingersoll,
William Lawrence, McIxdoe, Moulton,
Pi.axts, Stevens, and Windom. Nay, Messrs.
Bergek, Niblack, Strouse, Thornton, and
Wright.
mixing statistics.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported back the following resolution,
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Retohtd, That the same number of copies of the
letter of the Secretary of the Treasury of February
