,1866.
THE, CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
••lift#
JcT/a.
question asked before the board repeatedly,
whether the applicant was a man of good moral
character, xhe question is not universally-
asked, but I have known testimony to be taken
up on the subject. The provision is not a dead
letter in our constitution, although I repeat we
do admit men unfortunately who are not really
fit men, ae we break the Maine law, which we
derive from the honorable Senator's State. It is
;againgt th« law <Jf our State to sell intoxicating
beverages, but I admit. ancW regret to admit,
that the law is brokew, shamefully broken; bat
still* I believe it exercises a valuable restraint
in many sections of the State.
Sly honorable friend on my right [Mr. Cres-
weliJ asks how it is as to men who become
immoral, vicious, after they once have been
admitted to the list of voters. In regard to
them, I may say that unless convicted by a
court of a crime which makes them infamous,
they are not excluded. The tribunal which
admits electors and administers the freeman's
oath is not empowered to try the question of a
man's good moral character after he has once
been admitted. That can only be passed upon
by a court. If he is eonvicted of an offense
for which an infamous punishment is affixed,
he is then disqualified and can no longer vote.
I say then, Mr. President, that if I needed
any apology, which I do not, for insisting upon
intelligence and morality as a qualification for
voters,! should have the example of my own
State; which I always take pride in quoting,
to sustain my action. The nonorable Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, it- seems, was in 1857
opposed to the adoption of this test by his State.
But when the State of Connecticut as late as
1855, and the State of Massachusetts as late as
1857, have made this a'test for the qualification
of voters in those several Commonwealths, I do
think that I, at least, am called upon to sustain
a qualification such as we here propose to this
"bill. With that I can cheerfully give the bill
my support; without it, I confess I shall not
be able to vote for the bill.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I am very
sorry the honorable Senator from Connecticut
has not b6en able to agree with me on this
subject, for certainly there is no member of
this body for whose opinions at all times I
entertain higher respect, and none with whom
when I agree I feel so well assured of being
right. I am also pleased, on the other hand,
that what I may have said has induced that
honorable Senator to give his views upon this
point. If I have one thing to suggest to my
brethren above all others, which 1 would wish
to impress upon them, it is that they ponder
well the speech to which they have just listened.
The honorable Senator from Connecticut has
depicted the consequences of the introducing
to this great privilege, the ballot, of large
masses of ignorant people. He has shown the
consequences which have heretofore happened
to the country from allowing such classes of
people to exercise the franchise. He has told
you. Mr. President, that to this the late rebel-
lion has been owing. He has told you that it
is attributed to the fact that the masses of the
southern people were so entirely ignorant that
they were to be led away into rebellion by am-
bitious leaders, and that thus were brought
upon tli'e country such perils as it has recently
undergone.
If that be true, if such consequences follow
from conferring the elective franchise on peo-
ple of this character, is it not the plainest prop-
osition imaginable that if you undertake to
set up any barrier, that if you undertake to
correct the evil which you anticipate, if you
undertake to guard against that which you say
has happened, and which will most likely hap-
pen again, your barrier ought to be effective,
it ought to be that which would restrain, that
which would keep back and limit. There is
where I differ witnthe honorable Senator from
Connecticut. He says that to provide that the
voter shall read and write his own name is such
a barrier, that with that we may be secure;
that if, for histance the confederate in grey had
been universally able to read and write his name
therefore we should have had no rebellion,
therefore John C. Calhoun would have had no
followers, the doctrine of nullification would
have had no advocates, the doctrine of seces-
sion would have had no disciples, the doctrine
of primary State allegiance would have had no
argument.
Mr. President, I have Very great and Very
grave doubts about all these things; The con-
clusion he arriv-es at-is to me a ndti sequitur.
Whether the southern masses could read and
write their names, or whether they could rea,d
and write generally, and whether they were
-intelligent generally, I am by no means pre-
Eared to say that all these things would not
ave happened, perhaps happened in greater
intensity than they have happened. I am nat
so certain that all these doetrines, pernicious
as they have been, plausible as they were, for-
tified as they were by argument, by logic, and
by, perhaps, the highest form of skill and learn-
ing in statesmanship, would not have been
worse if the constituency had been as intelli-
gent as that of the honorable Senator from
Connecticut. But, sir, when he proposes here
to vote for a bill to give the right of suffrage to
men far lower even than the confederate
masses, men who had condescended to be the
slaves and the servants for hundreds of years
of that same people; when he proposes to
confer the right of suffrage upon them, and
to expose us to all the dangers which he
alleges are sure- to follow this kind of ignor-
ant constituency—I say, when he proposes to
do that, and then has set up this barrier of
being able to read and write a man's own name
as a sufficient protection, I cannot agree to it.
Mr. WILLEY. Will the honorable' Senator
allow me to interrupt him ?
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. WILLEY. If I understand the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania's remarks correct-
ly, I certainly misunderstand the amendment
which is pending. Does the honorable Senator
say it only requires that the voter shall be able
to write his name and read it?
Mr. COWAN. That is my point.
Mr. WILLEY. I understand the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania to argue as if this
amendment confined the test simply to the
qualification of being able to write the man's
name and read it simply.
Mr. COWAN. That is it.
Mr. WILLEY. I understand the amend-
ment to include the qualification of reading
generally, and also of writing his name ; two
tests, one tlie reading generally and the other
the writing his own name. Certainly if the
proper interpretation of this amendment is as
the Senator from Pennsylvania construes it it
amounts to nothing.
Mr. COWAN. That is the way I construe
it; and I suppose as this is to be a law, it is to
have that legal precision which will make it
effective. In making a law, and particularly
a law which is calculated to limit the highest
of man's rights, as this is supposed to be, there
ought to be that certainty and that precision
about it which would enable the test to be
applied. If it is to be reading generally, what
is the man to read? Is he to read the First,
Second, Third, or Fourth Eclectic Reader? Is
he to read the acts of Congress, or is lie to read
the New Testament? Is he to read the con-
fession of faith, or the Constitution of the coun-
try? What is he to read? How much is he
to read? Who is to determine what he can
read, and the amount of it? ' And as I before
remarked, shall he understand as he reads, or
is he merely to read as aparrotmightbetaught
to read or as an idiot might be and has been
taught to read ? I suppose that if truly a test
at all, it was to be a legal, practical lest which
would satisfy legal and practical men. Who
shall determine this thing? Is it to be the
judge of the election? The judge of the elec-
tion, according to the theory, may not be able
to read, because there is no provision to deprive
other electors and other people eligible to this
officc of judge who are not able to read. Then
you would have the most extraordinary spec-
tne.le pcesefitcd in the capital of the nation, here
in the city of Washington, in the Distriot of
Columbia, of having a board of three election
judges no one of whom could, read or Write
his own name or read or write anything else,
to determine the qualifications of one of this
new batch of voters who are to bo, admitted on
qualifications, one of which it is not possible
for these judges to judge of!
Think of it! It is one of the diffieulfies
which will have to be encountered. It is per-
fectly immaterial to me whether you take sit
one way or the other. If you confine the con-
struction as I have done to the simple facfthivt
he shall be able to read and write his own name,
then I say to my honorable friend with all due
deference, this is no barrier at all; this is a
mockery in the name of a barrier; this is an
insult 'to those who expect barriers. What!
a barrier which can be surmounted in twenty-
four hours, becausc I venture to say that with
the acknowledged imitative ability of the Af-
rican (and he has that unquestionably in the
highest degree) he may be taught in twenty-
four hours not only to write his own name
legibly, but afterward to read'itj recognize it
as he would recognize his own mark. Take
. that to be his qualification if you please; take
that to be the test, and I say it is a mockery,
worse than a mockery, it is a barrier inade-
quate when the want of an adequate one is
acknowledged.
But if you please take it in its broader sense,
as the honorable Senator from West Virginia
understands it; then I ask where is its pre-
cision, where is it to begin and where is it to
end, and who shall determine its limits? I
tremble for my "sable brother when I reflect
that he may be at the mercy of some polit-
ical board in this respect. I beg my friends
here to observe that this sable gentleman may
not be quite so certain, as they fancy he is, on
their side. Now, I will put the case cf a board
belonging to the dominant party, and suppose
they have the statute amended by my honor-
able friend from Connecticut before them ; and
a colored man comes forward and proposes to
vote. They put to him the question " Can you
write your name and read?" "Oh yes."
" Well, let us see yon try it." He then writes
his name and he reads it and he is admitted if
he is understood to belong to that party. But
suppose, as has recently happened, that this
dark man should come to the conclusion to vote
on the other side, and it were known that he
meant to vote on the other side, what kind of ft
chance would he have? Then the man of the
dominant party who desires to carry the election
says, "You slial! not only write your name and
read it, but you must fead generally ; I have
read the senatorial debates upon this question,
and the honorable Senator from West Virginia
who originated this amendment was of opinion
that a man should read generally. ^ Now, sir,
read generally if yon please." "Well," says
he, " what shall 1 read?" Read a section of
the Novum Orgqnwn, or some other most
difficult and abstruse thing, or a few sections
from Okie. Oken's Physiology would bo de-
lightful. [Laughter. ]
Is this to be an engine? Instead of being a
test for the true voter, and instead- of being
that which will enable us to detect the Ameri-
can citizen even under this sable garb, is it to
be a snare and pitfall in the poor man's way ?
Is it to be-made the instrument in the hands
of cunning politicians and corrupt election
boards to permit the law that we now make in
such tribulation fir their benefit to bo annulled
and made void, or to minister merely to 'the
will of a party? Certainly my honorable friend
from Connecticut would not say that. I un-
derstand him to say that a barrier is needed;
that a barrier is needed against every ignorant
population, every population which has not
enjoyed the advantages of education, which
have made that little yellow spot in the map
called Connecticut, as De Toequeville once
demonstrated, such a remarkable place. _
The honorable Senator from Connecticut,
when ignorant populations of this kind are to
