1867. •
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
865
act upon the protective principle at all, that this
is an interest to be protected. If we did not
grow flax in this country, but imported it, and
there was no manifest propriety in entering
upon this branch of industry, I would take no
interest in it. But that it has not been protected
is shown by the fact that it has not been profit-
able to manufacture it here, or it would have
been done. It seems to me flax is an article
of such general growth throughout the United
States that we should make some use of it at
home, and I am in favor of this amendment.
From the statements I get from all quarters I
am satisfied that it will be impossible for the
manufacturers to succeed unless they can have
protection to the extent proposed by the Sena-
tor from New York.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I refer the Senate to
the statement made by#ie commissioner in his
report, to which I referred the other day,
showing that there is an abundant sale for all
the flax that can be raised in this country at
largely increased prices. However, 1 do not
feel disposed to argue it.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. I offer the following amend-
ment : on page 7!), section eleven, line eighteen,
after the word "pressed" insert "other than
flint;'' so that it will read:
On glass vials, jars, bottles, and other vessels of
glass, plain, molded, and pressed, other than flint,
not cut, engraved, &c.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose there is some-
thing else to come after that, and I should like
to have the whole proposition offered at once.
Mr. WILLEY. I will ask the Clerk to read
the next amendment which I shall offer, which
has relation to this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,(Mr. Edmunds
in the chair.) It will be read for the infor-
mation of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
it, so that we can have the whole question
before the Senate.
The Secretary read the proposed amend-
ment, which was on page 80, section eleven,
after line twenty-four, to insert:
On flint glassware, plain, molded, and pressed, not
cut, engraved, or printed, fifty per cent, 'id valorem.
And in line thirty-eight to strike out "forty"
and insert "fifty so as to read :
On all articles of glass, cut, engraved, painted, col-
ored, printed, stained, silvered, or gilded, not in-
cluding plate-glass silvered, or looking-glass plates,
fifty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. WILLEY. The first amendment which
I offer proposes to take flint-glass out of the
clause where it now is, with a view of making
a distinct clause having reference to that class
of manufactures : so that flint-glass shall not
be included in the clause which reads, "On
glass vials, jars, bottles, and other vessels of
glass, plain, molded, and pressed;" but that
there shall be a duty fixed in regard to fljnt-
glass in a separate and distinct clause of fifty
per cent, ad valorem.
I have felt embarrassed all the way through
the discussion of this bill by the want of prac-
tical knowledge of these various articles of
manufacture. What I have to state now I
state from information derived from gentlemen
who are engaged in the business, both in my
State and in the State of Pennsylvania, who
have done me the honor to confer with me on
the subject, and upon whose statements I have
entire reliance. 1 believe that they are honest
men,, and they have made to me statements
apparently in perfect candor, statements which
1 required them to make upon the understand-
ing that they were made candidly a d truly.
It will be perceived, then, that I desire to
take flint-glass out of this clause and to make
a distinct clause having reference to that arti-
cle, namely, as has been read :
On flint glassware, plain, molded, and proved, not
cut, engraved, or plated, fifty per cent. ad. valorem,
I am informed that the material out of which
flint-glass is made costs perhaps two or three
times as much as the materials out of which
these other characters of glass are made, and
that there is a difference in the amount of labor
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 55.
necessary to manufacture them, and that
owing to these two facts, the increased cost of
the material and the increased labor required
in the manufacture, there ought to bo a dis-
tinction between flint-glass and these other
kinds of glass. The clause as it now stands,'
which would include flint-glass if not modified
in the manner I propose, fixes a duty on glass
vials, jars, bottles, &c., of less than eight
ounces capacity each, of two and a half cents
per pound; of eight and less than twenty
ounces capacity each, three ccnts per pound ;
of twenty ounces capacity, and over each, four
ccnts per pound.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What would this ad
valorem duty amount to per pound?
Mr. WILLEY. These gentlemen inform
me that this duty of fifty per cent, ad valorem
would amount to about live cents per pound.
I have been so informed, and so believe from
my information.
I simply desire to make this statement to
the Senate, hoping that the Committee on
Finance, and the chairman especially, may
be better advised of what are really the facts
in the case than I am. I desire to state again
that I offer this amendment upon the state-
ments that have been made to me by glass
manufacturers, by gentlemen engaged in the
business, who have assured me that the busi-
ness of manufacturing flint-glass must go down
unless they receive protection to the amount
which I have indicated in the amendment.
While I am up, sir, I will make all the re-
marks I have to make in regard to the other
amendment, in line thirty-eight of the same sec-
tion, on page 80. I am told that the manufac-
turers of cut glass will not be able to sustain
themselves under the clause in the bill as it
now stands. They inform me that really they
would be entitled, in order to derive anything
like a fair protection upon this class of manu-
factures, to sixty per cent, ad valorem-, but in
conferring with them I have induccd them to
agree that I shall put it at the lowest possible
sum which they could stand, and have offered
the amendment to strike out forty and insert
fifty. I understand that the principal part of
the cut glass which comes to this country is
made in Germany, where labor is exceedingly
low, and that it is impossible to compete with
German labor, which is so low, in the manu-
facture of this article without protection to the
extent of at least forty per cent, ad valorem.
It is unnecessary to mention that the ingredi-
ent entering into the value of cut glass consists
in the labor, and that that fact brings Ameri-
can labor dircctly in competition with foreign
labor; and the foreign labor in Germany, where
this article is principally manufactured, as I
understand, being so much cheaper than it is
in this country, it becomes absolutely neces-
sary, if we would sustain our own domestic
industry, to have the protection asked by these
gentlemen engaged in the manufacture of this
article.
I have thus made, as briefly as T could, the
statement in regard to this manufacture; and
I hope that the protection they ask will meet
with the concurrence of the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is a matter that
is an entire surprise to the Committee on
Finance and a surprise to the commissioner.
This subject was not brought before us for
our consideration at all, and I am unable to
say from any evidence that has been adduced
to the committee whether the amendment is
right or wrong. It strikes me, however, that
it varies very largely from the duly on (he other
glass. The honorable Senator from West Vir-
ginia says that fifty per cent, ad valorem is
about five cents per pound. On the other
glass the duty varies, I think, from two and a
half cents per pound up to four cents. It is
divided into three classes:
On "lass vials, jars, bottles, and other vessels of
ela's i-e., of less than eight ounces capacity cach,
two and a half cents per pound j of uucht and less
than twenty ounces capacity each, three cents per
pound; of twenty ounces capacity and over each,
four cents per pound.
Now, I understand the Senator to say that
this proposition amounts to about five cents
per pound on the whole, small as well as large,
and he will see it is double the duty on the
small articles from what it is on glass of the
other descriptions. Therefore, sir, f eaunot
say, from any data in my possession from v.-hieh
I could form an opinion, whether the matter is
right or wrong. 1 do not know, and I cannot
know, for the subject has not been brought
before me, and I am entirely unfamiliar with
the manufacture of glass. I do not happen to
be a practical man to understand that. I sug-
gest to the honorable Senator whether he is
not content to place it at forty per cent, ad
valorem. I think that certainly is a larger per-
centage than any except the small, and as much
as it is on the largest kind of glass. As the ■
bill must go back to the House, I suppose if
we should commit any error about this matter
it will be reexamined there and set right. I
do not feel disposed to make a strenuous op-
position to the amendment when 1 confess my-
self so unacquainted with the facts in relation
to it. Having had no evidence offered on the
subject 1 cannot say what if is. The question
is before the Senate. If they see fit, on the
statement of the honorable Senator from West
Virginia, to make this change they can do so.
If he said he knew anything about it person-
ally, of his own personal knowledge, I should
take it for gospel, because lie never says any-
thing he docs not believe and understand ; but
inasmuch as he relies upon interested parties
he will excuse me if I do not attach quite so
much value to it as I should to his own word,
which would be entirely satisfactory if he really
knew anything about it.
Mr. WILLEY. I stated very candidly to
the Senate that I did not personally know any-
thing about it. That is the 1 ruth; hut I stated
also at the same time that in conferring with
these gentlemen interested in. the manufacture,
as I acknowledged, they assured me that this
trade would not be able to maintain itself with-
out additional protection to that provided for
in the bill as it stood.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the Sen-
ator that if he will put it at forty per cent. I
will make no objection. That would bo a
large increase on the lower articles of the same
description and cotne up fully to the highest,
and probably be more. '
Mr. WILLEY. Well, sir, as we shall have
another chance in the House 1 will agree to
that modification.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I will make no
objection to it. I shall make an objection to
the other amendment in the thirty-eighth line
on page 80. The duty there I think is^ suffi-
cient as it is now from all the information in
the possession of the commissioner, who ex-
amined that subject carefully.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment as modified by the Senator from West
Virginia will be read for the information of the
Senate.
The Secretary. The amendment is to in-
sert on page 80, section eleven, aftet line
twenty-four, the following:
On flint frlasswaro, plain, molded, and pressed, not
cut, engraved, or printed, forty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. WILLEY. There is also an amend-
ment on page 79, line eighteen, to insert after
the word "pressed" the words "other than
flint."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let those amendments
be taken together.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on these two amendments proposed by
the Senator from West Virginia.
The amendments to the amendment were
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the other amendment proposed
by the Senator from West "Virginia, on page
80, section eleven, line thirty-eight, to strike
out "forty" and insert "fifty."
„ Mr. WILLEY. I am obliged to the chair-
man of the Committee on hinance for\ielding
to me so much as ho has. I submitted., to tlxe
