1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1541
13,1867, with the report of the commissioner for the
collection of mining statistics east of the Rocky
mountains, be ordered to be printed as that of the
report of J. Ross Browne on the mineral resources,
&c., and that the same be bound together for the uso
of the House.
survey of tiie upper mississippi.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the same committee,
reported back the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House five thousand extra copies of the report of
Major General G. K. Warren, of the survey of tho
Upper Mississippi river and its tributaries.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the votes
just taken ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tariff bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to make a brief
statement in relation to the business of the
House. It appears that there are three appropri-
ation bills yet unacted upon by the House. We
have a long internal revenue bill not yet quite
completed, but which I suppose will unquestion-
ably be finished to-day. W'e also have the tariff
bill based upon the bill passed by the House at
the last session of Congress, which was laid over
by the Senate and not returned to the House
till February. That bill was reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means on the 18th of
February, but we have now reached a period
so near the close of the session that if it shall
be acted upon in Committee of the Whole it is
utterly impossible that it can be sent to the
Senate in time to receive the action of that
body. In order, therefore, to facilitate the
action of the House, I propose that the com-
mittee shall be discharged from the further
consideration of the tariff bill, and that we con-
cur in the Senate amendments as proposed to
be amended by the Committee of Ways and
Mean? in the bill already before the House.
This will be done for the purpose of confining
the committee of conference within as narrow
limits as possible to give them the least amount
of power that can .be given under the circum-
stances of the case. Gentlemen will see that
if they yield to this proposition, that when it is
subsequently reported back by the committee
of conference if it shall not be satisfactory
they can then vote against it.
I do not propose, Mr. Speaker, now or at
any other time to inflict upon the House a long
speech, although gentlemen all know that I
have a very considerable one in me. [Laugh-
ter.] My object is to facilitate and promote
action upon this bill. If I had time I think I
could demonstrate to every"fair-minded man
that it is reasonable now at this time to have
an unreasonable tariff, [laughter;] but I do
not propose to consume any time upon this
subject. And as I do not propose to debate
the question I do not feel at liberty to yield
for discussion to any other gentleman.
Mr. PIKE. I rise to make a suggestion to
the gentleman.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of order.
I desire to know whether these yieldings of the
floor come in under the unanimous consent
granted to the gentleman from Vermont to
speak.
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows of no
other rule but the hour rule so far as debate
is concerned. The gentleman from Vermont
is entitled to the lloor for one hour.
Mr. PIKE. It would be more satisfactory
to me, and I think to the House, that the bill
as it passed the House at the last session
should be taken as a basis as the action of the
House, and sent to the committee of confer-
ence as the House action, and then the Sen-
ate bill can be taken as the Senate action,
and the committee'of conference can take these
bills as a basis for the agreement to be made
up by them in regard to this proposition. If
that be the arrangement, I for one have no
objection to the gentleman's proposal. It will
be recollected that this bill was fully discussed
in the House in all its items, that votes were
taken upon those items, and that we had a full
expression of the judgment of the House on
the subject.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not desire to discuss
the matter : but I think I have examined this
question as thoroughly, perhaps, as the gentle-
man from Maine, and I am quite satisfied that
the bill as proposed to be amended by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means is a more perfect
bill than that which we sent from the House
to the Senate. Since the bill was before the
House it has received the action of the Finance
Committee of the Senate and of the Committee
of Ways and Means of this House, and it would
be very singular indeed if those committees
had not somewhat improved it.
Mr. GARFIELD. It has been suggested by
several members on the floor this morning that
the proposition of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means as now offered,
would be more acceptable if it could be so
arranged that double the usual number of con-
ferees might be appointed from this House. I
do not know that that can be done j but I <k*iro
to ask the Chair whether it cannot be so
arranged.
Mr. MORRILL. I should have no objec-
tion to that, if the House desire it.
Mr. GARFIELD. We can thus have a
wider range of interests represented on the
committee of conference ; and I wish to know
if what I suggest can be done under the rules?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
never within his recollection has a committee
of conference been appointed in either branch
of Congress consisting of more than three
members. It might be very pleasant to both
the Chair and members of the House to have
more interests and more sections of the coun-
try represented on the committee; but the
question is, whether the Senate would agree
to the increase that has been suggested. The
usual rule is that a conference committee con-
sists of only three members of each House.
Mr. MORRILL. It will be in the power of
the House to reject the action of the committee
if they choose. The committee will report
whatever bill they please, and then the House
will pass upon it.
Mr. ALLISON'. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the committee whether there will be
any opportunity allowed for debate upon the
report of the conference committee after it is
submitted to the House, or whether it is his
intention merely to allow members to record
their votes upon it, yea or nay?
Mr. MORRILL. I propose precisely what
the resolution that I have sent to the Clerk's
desk, and which I now ask to have read for
information, indicates; and I propose that as
the only chance of action upon this bill at this
session.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union shall be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of House bill No. 718, and that
the House concur with the Senate amendments, as
amended by the Committee of Wajs and Means, and
as subsequently modified by them, on books and mar-
ble, and that the House ask a conference with the
Senate on the disagreeing votes thereon.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed bill of the House No. 1039,
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,1868,
with amendments, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
tariff bill again,
Mr. F. THOMAS. I ask the gentleman
from Vermont to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. MORRILL. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. F. THOMAS. Before we yield the van-
tage-ground which many of us possess in resist-
ing a two-third vote of the House, it would be
well for us to understand exactly what is to
ensue from that vote. I speak now after con-
sultation with others, for I would not have the
immodesty to take the position I do without
having done bo.
In the first place, it is proper, before we yield
this immense power asked for by the Commit-
- tee of Ways and Means, that the House should
take a retrospective view of what* has already
occurred. Three times during the present
Congress a majority of this House have voted
to fix a certain duty upon bituminous coal.
Mr. MORRILL. I beg leave to say to the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. F. Thomas]
that I cannot yield to him for a discussion of
the whole subject. I am willing he should
make a suggestion, as I supposed he desired
to do so, in i egard to the proposition 1 submit;
but I dislike to yield for any lengthy discus-
sion.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I melely desire to state
some facts. As I was saying, three times have
the House signified its pleasure upon the sub-
ject of a tariff on coal, and the Senate have
sent a proposition to the House corresponding
to our action in that respect.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
asked and obtained unanimous consent in order
to make a statement in reference to the condi-
tion of business before the House. Now, I
ask if it is in order for hiin to yield that priv-
ilege to the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
F. Thomas?]
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks he can.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
asked unanimous consent to make a statement
in regard to the business before the House,
and the gentleman can yield, during the hour
to which he is entitled 
Mr. DAWES. Well, Mr. Speaker, I do
not 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will allow
the Chair to finish upon the point of order the
gentleman has raised; unless the gentleman
does not desire it.
Mr. DAWES. I do not object to the con-
struction of the Chair if it means this: that
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
can obtain unanimous consent to make a state-
ment himself, and then allow all other mem-
bers of the House to make statements.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will per-
mit, the Chair will now repeat the statement
he made, and conclude it as he would have
done had he not been interrupted. The gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] asked
and obtained unanimous consent to make a
statement in regard to the business before the
House. He stated the business to be the tariff
bill, the tax bill, and various appropriation
bills not yet acted upon. And in order that
the business may be completed he suggested
tho adoption of a resolution suspending tho
rules so as to concur in certain amendments
and non-concur in certain other amendments
of the Senate to the tariff bill, and to ask the
appointment of a committee of conference upon
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
The gentleman is entitled under the rules to
one hour. And while debate is progressing
during that hour, either by the gentleman from
Vermont or any other gentleman to whom he
may yield for the purpose of explanation of
the pending subject, the Chair cannot interrupt
the debate.
Mr. DAWES. The House granted a per-
sonal privilege to the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Morrill.]
The SPEAKER. It did ; and the gentleman
can yield to others during the hour to which
he is entitled for the purpose of explanation
in regard to that subject, but no other.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I would
inquire if, under that provision, the tariff bill is
before the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morrill^] asked unanimous cou-
sent to make a statement in regard to the busi-
ness before the House and the manner of
expediting action upon it. Among the sub-
jects of legislation now pending the gentleman
named the tariff bill which was passed by the
House at the last session, considered by the
Senate at this session, and reported back by
thorn to this House with amendment; ; which
