102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December IB,
bo admitted to franchises of this sort, admits
thttt there is very great danger. The fact is
there is the greatest danger in the world. And,
as. I said before, I have no doubt that he
.desires, if there be a barrier at all, that that
b,e an effective barrier. 'That this should be
considered a barrier in the State of Connecticut,
that it should be found to work wellii>the State
of Connecticut, I have no doubt. In the first
place, I think the State of Connecticut would
work just as well without the barrier. I would
not be afraid of such a population as the State
of Connecticut has if there was not a barrier
in the world. I believe, too, the people of the
State of Connecticut (and I do not desire it to
be taken in any very high complimentary
phrase) could get along very well if they had
no constitution whatever. If they were allowed
to go, as Dogberry said, simply by the light of
nature, reason; if they were to take the gifts
which they have from nature alone without
education, I think they could get along. But
you set up such a barrier as that they should
be able to make a wooden clock and to under-
stand its mechanism, there might have been
some force in- the thing. I am sorry that I
was guilty of such a want of knowledge of the
origin of this test as to attempt in any way to
deprive Connecticut of the honor of it. I
really supposed it belonged to the State of
Massachusetts, although I cannot say that I had
examined it carefully before.
But, Mr. President, with all deference to
Connecticut and her ability in restraining ig-
norant masses by means of this kind, I have
to say that it is only about equal to another
test that I heard they had applied a good
while ago for another purpose, and that was
an ancient enactment of that State, that no
girl should get married until she could bake a
doughnut that would preserve its twist for a
year. [Laughter].
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator is mistaken;
that was a Pennsylvania law, there was no
such law in Connecticut. [Laughter],
Mr. COWAN. Well, I may be misinformed
there, because really I have not read Brant for
a long while; it may have originated in Penn-
sylvania ; but it has not been applied since
my knowledge of the State commenced. I am
very well satisfied that girls can get married
there and do get married there every day, I
am sure, without bein  able to bake a dough-
nut at all. [Laughter].
Here is the difference: I insist that this bar-
rier is no barrier; I insist that this test is no
test, that it is no limitation whatever, that the
virtue aud intelligence of those classes which
are entitled to the franchise are not to be
measured in this way at all. They must be
measured by the great good sense of the com-
munity. The community in which a man lives
is to determine it. The question of suffrage,
in other words, belongs to the States. When
the community of Massachusetts determines
that her negroes shall have a vote the same as
white people, that is a just, righteous, legal
determination of that quelGon. She has the
right to make it, and it is an appeal to the
good sense of Massachusetts to make it. So
when the same question comes before Penn-
sylvania,, which has ten or fifteen times as
many negroes as Massachusetts has, and Penn-
sylvania decides that this class of the commu-
nity shall not vote, that is equally just, equally
righteous, and equally legal in my judgment.
And so it is everywhere else.
• Now, the question is before the Senate to
decide for this community, the people of the
District of Columbia; and the first question,
and one which I think is important, is, is it
safe? It has been admitted by the honorable
Senator from Connecticut that there is danger
in admitting this class. The man who under-
takes to limit and to restrain it admits that dan-
ger. If th6re be danger then I argue that all
the rest of us have a right to insist upon it that
the barrier proposed shall be effective to pro-
tect against that danger.
The danger admitted, the next question is as
to the efficacy of the barrier against that danger.
Just in proportion to the magnitude of the
danger, just in the same proportion must be
the efficacy of that which you set up in order
to prevent its happening.
Now, what is the danger? The danger is
that which we have encountered, the danger
of another rebellion, the danger that by con-
ferring ballots upon these men you furnish food
for demagogues, you furnish the material upon
which they live and upon which they run riot,
by which and through which they have destroyed
heretofore governments and communities.
That is the danger and the danger depicted by
the honorable Senator from Connecticut in
terms much more exact and much more express-
ive than I could use. That is a great danger.
That is the worst of all possible dangers. That
is a danger that nobody heretofore apprehended
from an admission of the white race to this
privilege even in its widest latitude. Then I
say if that be the character of the danger, as
wise men here, feeling our responsibilities,
acting as we do for the nation, we should oppose
to it such safeguards as will at least protect
against the danger we anticipate-, the danger
we know of, the danger we have been warned
of as the honorable Senator has warned us.
I was rather surprised to hear the honorable
Senator say that he would confer without any
test and without any limit the right of suffrage
upon those who had borne arms for their coun-
try. I have a very high respect for the soldier.
I think that courage is the highest quality of
man. I am so certain after all is said and done,
but that the patriotic soldier, brave, exposing
himself for his people and for his Government
is the highest spectacle on the earth. But what
connection is there between bearing arms and
casting ballots ? Have we forgotten the lessons
of the past? Have we forgotten the fact that
while one soldier is patriotic and brave and
well deserving of the country, another is really
mercenary? Have we forgotten the fact that
it was the soldiery that overthrew republican
Rome? Have you forgotten the fact that the
Pretorian Guards were soldiers?
Mr. President, the same kind of discrimina-
tion must be made with regard to soldiers that
is made with regard to other men. I am free
to say that I would award the highest meed of
praise as I would give the highest pension and
the highest pay to the soldier; but when a man
asks me to make that the measure of his capa-
city to fulfill the duties of a citizen, I have a
right to say to him that the evidence is not
conclusive. He may be a very good soldier
and a very bad citizen; and a man may be a
very good citizen and yet make a very bad sol-
dier. The evidence must in some way connect
itself with the qualifications necessary to per-
form the functibn ; and in so far this as far as
it goes is well enough. But the difficulty is that
if you depart from the strictly legal construction
of the amendment of the honorable Senator
from Conneetieut you are at sea, you have no
guide ; you are at the mercy of the corruptions
of factions, their disregard of all law in the
heat of contest, and your barrier or test becomes
utterly and totally useless.
Mr. President, I have said thus much on this
point because 1 thought it necessary that I
should say it. I have 110 faith whatever in these
tests. If there is danger in front, that danger
must be met and must be counteracted by some-
thing entirely different from this kind of flimsy
bulwark.
Mr. FEELINGIIUYSEN. Mr. President,
having a day or two ago made a few remarks
011 this bill, and having so recently taken my
place in the Senate, my sense of propriety and
my inclination both suggest that I remain silent;
and yet the importance of the measure leads me
to express my views. But before considering
the specific point that has been under discussion
this morning, I have a remark 01' two to make
in reply to several objections that have been
made to the measure.
A distinguished lawyer and Senator has stated
before the country that.he cannot vote for this
bill because it is unconstitutional in that it is
ex post facto in its character, imposing a severer
punishment on the crime of treason or giving
aid and pomfort to the rebellion than existed
at the time the offense was committed. Mr.
President, there is a clear distinction, as was
stated by-the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Mor-
rill, ] between absolute rights and conventional
rights. Except for crime this nation cannot
take from me my life; not if by doing so the
whole debt of the nation could be paid. If
the nation did it, the nation would be a mur-
derer. My life must run the mission that God
intended it, and until God recalls it. But
surely a Legislature can take away the right
to fill an office at thirty years of age, and say
it shall not be filled till thirty-five, or the right
to vote at twenty-one, and say it shall not be
exercised till thirty-one, or, where the conven-
tional right is not secured by the Constitution,
can take away the right entirely.
But the argument is that this law is uncon-
stitutional and ex, post facto, because the right
to vote is taken from those who gave aid and
comfort to the enemy, as a punishment. That
is begging the question. The law does not
say so, and it is not for that purpose that the
Senate vote for it. I believe 1 express the
sentiment of this Senate when I say that they
would be perfectly willing to give the right to
vote, not to a repentant, for that term is offen-
sive as between men, but to a reformed rebel.
It is in that spirit that the proviso is appended
to the admirable constitutional amendment
which has been adopted by the loyal States.
The reason that one who has given aid and
comfort to the enemy is not permitted to vote,
is because he has not the qualification of loy-
alty, a qualification which this nation has a
right to insist on all over the land.
There is magnanimity in the people of the
North, aud they would be ready to extend to
the South free forgiveness as soon as it mani-
fested that quality of loyalty which this very
law contemplates and for want of which this
disqualification is annexed. But the people
of the. South should remember that the people
of the loyal States are inexorably in earnest.
They are radical, but their radical sentiment
consists only in the fixed determination to
eradicate every root and branch of disloyalty
and of human slavery; and the very first
minute the South will accept and meet them
on these terms and join them in this purpose,
the whole difficulty in this country will be at
an end.
But to return to the specific question: even
if the disqualification annexed to those who
gave aid and comfort to the enemj' is inflicted
in this law as a punishment, is it ex post facto
in any sense ? When this crime was committed,
by the laws of this country, by a statute signed
by Washington on the i!0th of April, 1790, the
person who gave aid and comfort to the enemy
became civilly dead ; and what is civil death but
a deprivation of every privilege—the privilego
of holding office, the privilege of voting? Be-
sides, the persons alluded to in this bill have
voluntarily surrendered the right to vote by
dissolving their allegiancc with this G overnment
and giving their allegiance to another so-called
government. Therefore, Mr. President, I think
there is no difficulty, and need be none, on any
man's conscience in voting for this bill on any
such constitutional ground. *
Another objection I have heard urged here,
and that is that this is a white man's Govern-
ment. I admit that de facto this is a white
man's Government; but that it is so da jure I
think it would be difficult to establish. Who
can put his finger on the provision of the Con-
stitution which makes it so ? I think it will be
very difficult to prove that a Mongolian or an
Ethiopian has not rights under this Govern-
ment. Practically, it is a white man's Gov-
ernment ; and it seems to me that those gentle-
men who urge that fact against the passage of
this bill show very little confidcnee in the energy
and courage and ability of the Anglo-Saxon
race. I do not expect to be seized with that
apprehension that this Government will cease
to be a white man's GovernmenturftilI change
my complexion.
