1542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
amendments were referred by the House to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and re-
ported back by them to this House with a
recommendation to adopt amendments to the
amendments to the Senate, and now in Com-
mittee of the Whole awaiting the action of
this House. Anything relating to that is in
order.
Mr. P. THOMAS. I will be as brief as
possible. The votes of this House to which I
have referred have had no influence appar-
ently upon the determination of the Committee
of Ways and Means of this House, for they
have reported against the expressed judgment
of this House. And the votes of the Senate
are a reversal of the determination of the Com-
mittee on Finance of that body. Now can we
submit those great interests to the final adjudi-
cation of a committee of conference, to bo com-
posed of members of the Committee of Ways
and Means of this House and the Committee
on Finance of the Senate without taking some
precaution to control their action? Now, if
the gentleman from Vermont will accept cer-
tain instructions to that committee of confer-
ence which I will ask the Clerk to read, I will
withdraw all opposition to his proposition. I
will conclude with the remark that I do not
think the country will suffer much if we wait
until the nest Congress before we take action
upon the tariff.
Mr. MORRILL. I will hear the proposition
of the gentleman read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Provided, That tho committee on the part of tho .
House shall not, consent to change any impost author-
ized by tho biil of the House, and agreed to in tho
amendments of the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL. I cannot consent to that
in so broad a form. If the gentleman will
make it what he means, that the committee on
the part of the House shall not consent to any
lower rate of duty than the specified rate upon
coal, I will consent to it.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I shall
object to that.
Mr. MORRILL. I yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, TMr. Sco-
field.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in at the end of
the resolution of the gentleman from Vermont:
Provided, That tho duty on coal shall not be lesa
than §1 50 per ton.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I will agree to that so
far as I am concerned.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That corresponds with
tho provision in the House bill and also in the
Senate bill. Both Houses have agreed to that
rate of duty.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say to tho gen-
tleman that^I am a little surprised at the rate
proposed. The present rate of duty on coal
is SI 25. At the last session, after a struggle
during which both sides of the House entered
fully into tho discussion of this subject, the
rate of duty was by a very close vote fixed in
the House bill at $1 50. I had supposed that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania would not
propose a higher rate than one dollar. That
was conceded to bo a basis of compromise at the
last session, when quite a number of gentle-
men would have assented to it; and certainly
I am surprised that the gentleman proposes
more than 25. At the same time I am
quite willing that there shall be a vote of the
House upon $1 50, $1 25, or any other sum.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to modify my resolu-
tl0I\.:.a' wlleiJ it shall have been read as '
ratified, I shall ask the previous question. J
The SPEAKER. The previous question |j
does not apply to motions to suspend the >'
rules. I hey are undebatable and unamend-
able.
Mr- MORRILL. I yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Vermont whether he expects the House by
general consent to take this bill out of the Com-
mittee of the Whole and refer it to a committee
of conference if he first permit special interests
to bind and fetter the committee of conference
in advance ? If the House cannot trust the bill
with the committee without trammel, can he
expect all tho general interests of the country
to lie by and see special interests fetter and
bind that committee in advance to a particular
course in reference toparticularinterest? Much
as I desire this bill to become a law, I cannot
conscnt to any such proceeding. I suggest to
the gentleman from Vermont that, if he expects
the House by general consent or by a two-thirds
vote to take this bill out of the Committee of the
Whole he must ask tho House to trust it to a
committee of conference without trammel as to
particular interests.
; Mr. MORRILL. I merely desire to say to
the House that.I have modified my resolution
in such a way that I think tho gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] and the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. F. Thomas] will not
] insist on my accepting their propositions for
amendment. As modified the resolution simply
provides that the House non-concur in the
Senate amendments, and ask a committee of
: conference thereon.
Mr. LE BLOND. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. MORRILL. I will yield for an inquiry.
Mr. LE BLOND. Mr. Speaker, it would
seem by what we see here every moment that
this committee of conference is to be tram-
meled, and certain interests are to be ca'red
■ for in advance of the reference of the bill to
] the committee.
! Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman will listen
j to the resolution in its modified form he will
find that it contains no such proposition.
Mr. LE BLOND. I will hear the resolution
^Tlie SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Vermont offers the resolution now the debate
must cease.
Mr. CONKLING. Let it be read for in-
formation.
The SPEAKER. It will be read for in-
formation if there is no objection.
There was no objection, and the Clerk read
as follows:
Resolved, That the rules be suspended, so that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
shall be discharged from the further consideration
ot House bill No. 718;,and that the House non-con-
cur with the Senate amendments, and that the House
ask a confercncc with the Senate on the disagreeing
votes thereon.
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I wish to ask of the Chair, for
the information o^f tho House, a question on
parliamentary law*, and that is in reference to
the power of these conferees. The Senate
have sent us a substitute for the House tariff
bill. Now, can the conferees go beyond the
action of the two Houses?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, in
response to the question of the gentleman from
Maine, that_ when the Senate sent back the
House bill it was not as usual with amend-
ments _t  the different parts of the bill to which
they disagreed, but with one amendment, strik-
ing out the House bill and substituting another
in its place. The Constitution declares the
House shall originate all bills raising revenue,
but that the Senate may propose or concur
with amendments as on other bills. This is a
most extensive amendment, but it brings up
■n 3ues''on 'n the House. The conferees
will have tho whole subject before them if this
be referred to them.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a question of
order. The House bill made the duty on coal
$1 50, and the Senate substitute makes it $1 50.
If the motion of the gentleman from Vermont
prevails, would the conferees have the right to
make the duty on coal less or more?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would respond
that, as the Senate have stricken out the entire
bill from the enacting clause and inserted an-
other one, the whole subject in all its details
would be referred to the committee of confer-
ence as if before the House in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. If
the Senate had returned amendments to sec- i
tions one and two and five and so on, and the
disagreeing votes had been referred to the com-
mittee of conference, then all the other por-
tions of the bill would have been regarded as
adopted.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I ask that my proposition
be again read,
Mr. MORRILL. Not now.
Mr. LE BLOND. Mr. Speaker, I do not
know whether it is of much consequence to me
whether coal is provided for or not in advance;
whether the particular interest of Pennsylvania
or Maryland is subserved or not. I am here,
sir, for a very different purpose than building
up the coal interest in Pennsylvania or the
coal interest in Maryland, or for the purpose
of bringing Nova Scotia coal into the New
England States at a low rate. I am here, sir,
for the people, and the whole people, on this
question of the tariff.
Now, I understand this proposition to be
simply this : the bill as sent to the Senate was,
all after the enacting clause, stricken out and
returned to this House. They sent us to all
intents and purposes a new bill, which is now
pending before us for our consideration.
Mr. DELANO. I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman from Vermont yielded
to my colleague for a question, and not to de-
bate this whole subject. There are many here
who wish to debate this bill who are now cut
out.
Mr. MORRILL. I only yielded for an
inquiry.
Mr. LE BLOND. I am simply stating the
effect of the pending motion. I hope gentle-
men will not cut me off here. I wish the coun-
try to understand what will be the effect of this
proposition. A new bill has come here from
the Senate, and the motion is the House shall
disagree to it and turn over the whole subject
into the hands of a committee of conference.
Now, when it has been referred to the commit-
tee of conference under the rules of this House
and parliamentary law, that committee may
agree to, accept, and report an entirely new
bill, divesting us of all power to consider sep-
arately any single change in the bill as it origin-
ally went from the House. When the con-
ference report comes into the House the only
question will be, Will the House concur in the
report? There will be no other question. The
previous question will be seconded and tho
main question ordered, and we will have to
either adopt or reject the report as a whole.
We cannot amend it or go into any considera-
tion of the details of the bill in any shape or
form. For one, I am Opposed to any such
reference. There is no necessity for it. I sub-
mit to the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means we can get along with our present
tariff, and that there is no necessity to muzzle
the Representatives of the people in this way,
to turn ourselves over body and soul to this
conference committee for their disposition.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say to the
gentleman from Ohio that the proposition now
before the House is simply that which is
always made in regard to disagreeing votes
upon bills between the two Houses, it gives
the committee as much power and no more
than any committee of conference has in rela-
tion to questions referred to them.
Mr. LE BLOND. I wish to ask whether
we have ever considered this bill at all.
^-r* MORRILL. I desire simply to say
further in relation to this matter that unless
action can be secured upon this bill in this
manner, I shall be constrained to ask the
House to sit in continuous session until we
can dispose of the bill in Committee of the
v\ hole. It has heretofore h&d long and patient
consideration and action ip the House, and I
think we should hardly have any new light
upon it if we were to spend a fortnight on the
Mr. BOYER. I would inquire of the Chair
whether, if this bill is referred to the commit-
tee of conference and afterward reported back
to the House, there will be any opportunity to
amend any of its sections?
