1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
But then, it is said we are going to give suf-
frage to an inferior race. That I do n.ot argue.
Be it so that they are an inferior race; that is
only an additional reason why every true white
man should do all in his power, to incite them
to energy and give them every aid to their ele-
vation. Why, sir, the oracles of God have been
appealed to here repeatedly, and we have been
told that it was prophesied that cursed should
be Canaan, and servant of servants should he
be. If we are to justify our conduct by under-
taking to show that we are fulfilling prophecy,
"then Judas and Pilate and the Roman soldiery
cannot only prove their innocence, but can
prove themselves entitled to immortal honor
for the murder that they did on Calvary, for
that act brought to this dark world the only
ray of true light that has ever broken upon it.
It seems to me, sir, that if we are going on a
crusade to fulfill prophecy, we had better accel-
erate the fulfillment of that other prophecy which
is about to be accomplished, that Ethiopia shall
stretch forth her hands unto God.
Another objection that is made is, that by
giving these colored people the right to vote
we are inducing distasteful associationsbetween
races. What possible connection is there be-
tween the right to vote and the social associa-
tions and intimacies of life? That is the echo
of an old prejudice that never had any foun-
dation. Is any gentleman obliged or bound to
associate with me because I vote any more than
because I work, or write, or walk? It is the
same kind of logic which is used where one
said that he who drives fat oxen must there-
fore himself be fat. There is no possible con-
nection of cause and'effect between the two
circumstances.
It is objected that this question of negro suf-
frage has never been submitted to the people.
That is strictly true; it never has been directly
submitted to the people; but is it usual before
legislative action is had_ in reference to this ten
miles square to submit ihe question of legisla-
tion to the people of America?- The question
has been before the people, and the testimony
is very uniform from all parts of the nation
that they are opposed to the irrational qualifi-
cation of complexion in determining whether
one shall perform an act of judgment. The
people believe that as the test of complexion
is not applied to the burdens, so it should not
be applied to the privileges of Government.
The people believe that with the toga of the
citizen comes the armor of citizenship. The
people believe that if you take from the French
or the German or the Irish the ballot, they
would be treated with disrespect and would be
made the victims of oppression and of impos-
ture.
But, sir, the soldiers of this country, not
mercenary soldiers, the patriot soldiers of this
country have done much toward enlightening
society. They have seen these colored citizens
in the same ranks with themselves: they have
seen their manhood; they have shared their
rations; they have been taught by them how
to avoid the scent of the bloodhounds. These
soldiers have seen these colored men lying in
colupms on the field of battle with their faces
upturned to Heaven mutgly pleading, as has
been said, for the rights of their raefe; and they
have done a missionary work among the people
• of this country.
But, Mr. President, that is not the whole of
this case. While the people of this country
are much interested in having the right of suf-
frage extended, they want to avoid ignorance
in the elective franchise. The people of this
country believe that human slavery is a great
curse. They have been taught it from this
Capitol. They have been taught it in strains
of eloquence from the lips of those who will
ever be associated with the cause of human
freedom. They believe it is a great evil. They
have been taught it on the field of battle and
by the vacant places at their own hearth-stones.
The two evils which they see in slavery are,
the arrogance of the master and the ignorance
of the slave. They would be most happy to
secure this franchise, and be most happy on
the other hand to avoid the introduction of
any greater degree of ignorance in the elective
franchise, and I believe that is just the reason
why the people of this country have with such
unanimity adopted the admirable constitu-
tional amendment. It is because they see.that
by that provision which makes the ratio of rep-
resentation to depend upon voters rather than
upon inhabitants, the disloyal States will be
constrained by State action, and as fast prob-
ably as the films and scales of ignorance inci-
dent to slavery fall away, to give suffrage to
the negroes.
But we have got to determine the question
now, whether we will give the right of suffrage
or not, and with what qualifications. I con-
fess that I have listened to the debate on this
question of a reading qualification with great
interest. There are clearly two sides to it. The
argument in favor of insisting upon the ability-
to-read test is that making the prize of the
ballots contingent upon the ability to read
would be a powerful stimulus to induce the
colored citizen to learn to read. His pride,
his shame, his ambition, his fear of degrada-
tion would all urge him to learn to read. But,
sir, there is another side to the question ; and
it seems to me, when we consider all the diffi- g
culties there are in applying this reading test,
that the argument is in favor of universal suf-
frage. The argument in favor of making the
right to vote universal is that the ballot itself
is a great education; that by its encouraging
the citizen, by its inspiring him, it adds dignity
to his character and makeshim strive to acquire
learning; secondly, that if the voting depended
on learning, no inducement is extended to
communities unfavorable to the right of voting
jp the colored man to give him the opportunity
to learn: they would rather embarrass him to,
prevent his making the acquisition unless they
were in favor of his voting, while if voting is
universal, communities, for their own security,
for their own protection, will be driven to
establish common schools so that the voter shall
become intelligent. I suppose that in the
northern States the universality„of the elective
franchise has had much to do with the vigor-
ous and extended common school systems which
there exist. Besides, from the peculiar struc-
ture of society in this country, and in view of
the possible necessity of resorting to measures
of this nature to secure a loyal constituency
elsewhere, I believe, that the true way to try the
experiment here is to make it universal. I
hope, I trust, I believe, that the experiment will
be successful. I believe that communities will
then go to work to give education to these men,
and that they, feeling their manhood, will be
animated to greater application and industry.
If this should be so, what results would we
behold from this rebellion? We would see
these people able to read, having the rights
of citizens; then comes the newpaper; 'then
comes the open Bible; and as the result of
this rebellion we would see the mother of infa-
mies dethroned and intelligence and virtue, twin
sisters heaven-born, enthroned in her stead.
Then we would see a teeming population all
over this continent intelligent and virtuous, fit
to exercise the rights and privileges of citizens.
We would see this country extending on the
one hand to Europe with its telegraph, and on
the other to Asia with its railroads and its
steamer connections, so that the influence of
this country would be felt all over the world;
the pulsations of the great American heart
would vibrate intelligence and virtue and free-
dom to all the earth. I believe that this ac-
tion which is being taken in this District is the
beginning of great things. I admit that the
question is a nice one to solve,_ whether the
intelligence qualification shall be insisted on or
not; but in view of all the case and all the
circumstances of the country, I shall be con-
strained to try the experiment here, so far as
my vote is concerned, by making the elective
franchise universal.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I am always
glad to hear the honorable Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Foster,] for he states his
views with great clearness, precision, accuracy,
and candor; but certainly I regret that he
should have felt it his duty to "advocate this
amendment. I say to him frankly that while
I am opposed to it, while I am opposed, in the
present condition of the country at any rate,
to making reading and writing a teSt^I be-
lieve that reading and writing do aid in
qualifying men to discharge the duties that
belong to citizens of the United States at the
ballot-box. In opposing this amendment, I
cannot consent to be put in that class of men
who do not believe that reading and writing
are qualifications for the duties of a citizen of
the United States.
Let the Se'nator see the exact position In
which the colored man in this District will be
placed if this amendment should prevail. II
he is allowed the right of suffrage without this
condition, the cause of education will be advo-
cated by the negro himself, by this whole com-
munity, because it will fit him to exercise more
intelligently the great duty imposed upon him.
If you put this qualification upon him, the
bitter hostility to the education of the colored
race that has distinguished this city and the
government of this city; which has led the
government of this city even to violate the ex-
press laws of Congress within the last two
years, will be intensified and increased. The
enemies of the colored.man may not do here
what they are.doing in Maryland, in Virginia,
in all the rebel States, bum down the school
houses for the freedmen; they may not be
strong enough to do that here; but they will
do nothing to erect school-houses for the edu-
cation of the freedman ; they will do nothing
to encourage his education. These thousands
that went to the ballot-box last year and voted
with so much unanimity against extending the
right of suffrage to the colored people of this
District, finding that we will only allow the
colored men who can read and write to vote,
will see to it that as few colored men shall be
qualified as possible. They kept the colored
man in ignorance to keep him in slavery; they
will continue to keep him in ignorance to pre-
vent his becoming a voter.
I regard this amendment as a proposition
against school-houses for the education of the
colored men of this District; if not to tear
down the school-houses for the education of
the black man, it is to prevent the erection
of the school-house for the education of the
black man. Who is to pass upon this qualifi-
cation of reading and writing? The man who
has voted that the black man shall not vote at
all ? It is proposed here in Congress to allow
the man who has voted that the black man
shall not vote at all to say whether he can read
and write well enough to vote. How many
of them will be permitted to vote? Possibly
there might be a few negroes fit to fill seats in
Congress or to sit upon the bench of the Su-
preme Court who might be permitted to vote.
But few, very few of them would be permitted
to vote nnder this amendment. You put it in
the power of the enemies of this race to keep
them from the ballot-box. By this provision
we put the black men at the mercy of his
avowed enemies. But, sir, allow them to vote
without this qualification and they will demand
education; they demand it; the school-houses
will rise; school-teachers will be employed;
these people will attend the schools, and the
cause of education will be carried forward in
this District with more rapidity than at any other
period in its history.
Apply this same principle in these rebel
States. I hear this foolish cry in the present
condition of the country about impartial suf-
frage. Here are four million colored people
in the rebel States; here are eight hundred thou-
sand voters; perhaps ten per' cent, of them
may have the ability to read and a few thou-
sands to write ; but not one per cent, of those
who could read and write would ever be per-
mitted to vote under this reading and writing
amendment by the men who are determined to
keep them from the ballot-box. You put the
whole of the freedmen at the nwrcy of their
