868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
and insert "fifty;" so as to make the clause
read:
On all articles of glass, cut, engraved, painted, col-
ored, printed, stainecF, silvered, or gilded, not includ-
ing plate-glass silvered, or looking-glass plates, fifty
per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will simply say that the
cut-glass referred to in that particular clause,
as every one knows, is the most expensive kind
of glass, and the more expensive it is, the more
it costs, the more the duty amounts to ad va-
lorem. The ad valorem is forty per cent., and
the Senator proposes to raise it to fifty. I think
that would be too high, and I must therefore
object to it.
Mr. WILLEY. The question is, I imagine,
whether we can manufacture the glass in this
country with any less duty than that proposed.
That seems to be the question with those with
whom I have conversed who are engaged in
the manufacture of it. If it be proper to en-
courage the manufacture of the article at all in
this country, or if it be to the interest of the
country that it should be manufactured here,
it seems to me, so far as my information ex-
tends, necessary that this additional protection
should be given ; otherwise I am sure the man-
ufacture of it must cease entirely, and the pro-
duction of the article be surrendered to the
foreign manufacturer. As I stated to-day, I
make this assertion upon the assurance of gen-
tlemen who profess to be skilled in the matter
and to have experience in the manufacture of
the article, and the reliance I have upon their
integrity and candor, stating again that for my-
self I am wholly ignorant of the question; but
I believe those who have represented this mat-
ter to me and under the influence of that belief,
and not wishing to see this class of industry
entirely destroyed, I shall vote for the increase
of duty. I hope that the Senate will also do
so, unless they desire to sec the manufacture
of cut glass entirely destroyed and surrendered
to the foreign producer. I feel pretty certain
that that will be the practical result of the duty
as it now stands in the bill. The gentlemen
with whom I conversed desired that I should
offer an amendment increasing it to sixty per
cent. Upon conferring with them and with
others who seem to have some knowledge on
the subject, I was assured that fifty per cent,
was the very lowest rate at which manufactur-
ers of the article could live in this country
under existing circumstances.
As I said to-day, I beg Senators to remember
that the main ingredient entering into the value
of this article is the labor. It requires a great
deal of labor to cut the glass as 1 understand.
It requires skilled labor, labor that can com-
mand the highest price; and that fact brings
into competition the high-priced labor here
with the low-priced labor of Europe; and there-
fore it not only involves the existence of the
manufacture of cut glass in this country, but
also involves the interests of a large amount
of capital, as I understand, already invested in
the manufacture and a large amount of industry
connected with it. Having submitted the case,
as I understand it, to the Senate I have noth-
ing more to say in regard to it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think that if those who
are engaged in manufacturing this sort of glass
in this country cannot proceed with their busi-
ness under a tariff' of forty per cent, on this
glass they had better engage in some other
pursuit, because if I am not misinformed—and
1 derive my information from pretty good
authority—the present tariff is very nearly pro-
hibitory, and i|it be made fifty per cent, almost
all this glass will bo excluded from the country
and we shall lose the revenue upon it, and the
price will be very greatly enhanced to the con-
sumer. It does seem to me that on an article
of this description, an expensive article, forty
per cent, ought to be sufficient to protect those
who are engaged in its manufacture. I hope
that this amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. WILLEY. In respect to the question
of revenue, there are always two sides to it.
We have revenue derived from imports and we
have an internal revenue. In our efforts to
increase our revenue on imposts it would be
well to consider whether we may not destroy
our internal revenue on the articles manufac-
tured at home and the income derived from it
at home. The result will be precisely that if
by want of proper protection to our domestic
industry in reference to any article we destroy
its manufacture here. We may perhaps to
some extent by increasing the importation into
the country of that article increase the rev-
enues derived from that source ; but if at the
same time we destroy the manufacture of that
article at home and withdraw from it the capi-
tal now invested in it, and the industry now
connected with it, we may destroy prolific
sources of internal revenue, and the revenues
of the country may suffer detriment in that
direction to a greater degree than they will
derive benefit in the other direction.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to offer two other amend-
ments to this bill. I proposed to offer an
amendment on page 31, but the information
upon which I intended to move it has been
corrected. Page 31, line one hundred and
forty-one of section seven, authorized a duty
on the wrought-iron tubes and flues there pro-
vided for of three and a half cents a pound. I
was told they were made out of iron such as is
mentioned in line seventy-six, on pag'e 28, on
which there is a duty of three and a quarter
cents per pound. But since then I have been
told they are made out of a different description
of iron.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are made out of
iron on which the |uty is two and a quarter
cents a pound.
* Mr. HOWE. On page 32, line one hundred
and seventy, after "hollow-ware," I move to
insert " and on all descriptions of wrought-iron
enameled ware;" so as to read:
On glazed, tinned, or enameled wrought-iron hol-
low-ware, and on all descriptions of wrought-iron
enameled ware.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose that is a
mere matter of description.
Mr. HOWE. It does not change the duties;
it is merely a description.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. On page 39, in the thirty-eighth
line of section eight, I move to amend by strik-
ingout"twoanda half'' and inserting "three;''
so as to read:
" On lead in pigs or bars, three cents per pound."
I have only to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the table I read the other day: I will
not produce it again. When the duty was three
cents a pound all the lead needed was delivered
in New York from the mines of this country
and sold at less than four cents a pound: four
dollars a hundred; there was none imported.
Under the recent rates of duty there is only
about a milliori:pounds—less than two million
pounds—now sent to New York, and the price
in New York is over ten dollars a hundred,
and there are over thirty million pounds im-
ported. Under these circumstances I think
we can well afford to raise the duty another
half cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the duty now?
Mr. HOWE. Two cenif a pound.
Mr! FESSENDEN. This lead is of course
in very great demand for many purposes. The
statement made to the committee was that it
was impossible for the lead mines of the West
to supply the demand of the country, and for
the reason that they could not get their work-
men to do it. Their workmen had left and
gone to other mines, and they could not. get the
mines worked—I would like to know whether
that is a fact—and the consequence was that
lead was absolutely imported and sent West.
With all their advantages for making lead, they
had not and could not get the force to get the
mines fully worked. The tariff did not have
any effect on it; the duty is high. It seems
they had three cents some time ago, and it was
put down to two; we h-ave raised it to two and
a half, and that ought to be sufficient.
Mr. GRIMES. I think the Senator from
Maine has been misinformed as to there being
any considerable importation to the West from
the East of lead that had come from abroad.
This is an article that is produced to a very
considerable extent in the western part of
Wisconsin, the northern part of Iowa, and in
Illinois and Missouri. It was formerly pro-
duced to a much greater extent than at pres-
ent, I admit. That falling off has been owing
to two causes, as I am told: first, to the fact
that a number of the miners have gone into
the gold-producing Territories of the West;
and second, because it is said of the want of
this very protection which the Senator from
Wisconsin proposes to afford. All I have to
say in regard to this proposition is, that the
relative proportion of increase suggested by
the Senator from Wisconsin is not near as
great, I think, as has been put already by the
Senate upon copper, upon nickel, and upon
that article which is almost a constituent of
lead—zinc. We have raised them all, and it
wouldseem to me that if we are going to con-
tinue this raising of metals, lead should go up
pari passu with the others.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
from Iowa whether in his judgment this duty
odght to be increased from two and a half to
three cents per pound ? I want an answer.
Mr. GRIMES. My views in regard to this
tariff bill are very well known. I say that if
you are going to raise upon one article that is
produced in the country, you ought to raise a
corresponding amount upon other articles.
That is what I say.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is no answer to
my question.
Mr. GRIMES. And as you have raised
upon copper, upon iron, upon zinc, upon nickel,
I cannot conceive of any substantial reason
why there should not be a corresponding in-
crease upon lead.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have not raised
the duty on those articles fifty per cent. This
is an increase of fifty per cent.
Mr. GRIMES. No.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly it is; from
two to three cents. It stands at two now ; we
make it two and a half, or twenty-five per
cent., and now it is proposed to go to three
cents. But I do not get an answer to my
question from the advocate of this increase of
duty. He will not give his own opinion on the
subject. Lead is produced in the upper part
of Iowa.
Mr. GRIMES. One reason why I do not
give an opinion on the point put to me is, be-
cause I have expended so much good opinion
on the Senator from Maine without producing
any effect upon him that I am conscious that
any opinion I should give him now would'not
influence his judgment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate, I think,
will be able to infer what the Senator's opinion
is on that subject.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no hesitation in say-
ing candidly that if this proposition was a new
proposition and stood by itself I would not vote
for it; but after having raised the duty on all
the other products of the earth, all the other
minerals that are dug out of its bowels, I can-
not conceive why there should not be a pro-
portionate amount, a ratable proportion put
upon lead.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is, as the bill is
bad, make it as much worse as possible!
Mr. HOWE. I will only add a word or two.
If my judgment had not led me to think this
duty ought to be raised to three cents a pound
I should not have made the motion. My judg-
ment was formed on no practical experience
in thi3 business; lam not interested in it at
all; but it was formed on the advice and in form-
ation communicated to me by others. But I
will say of this motion, as I have said of one
or two articles before, that if there were 110
lead mines to be protected in this country the
duty we propose to levy here is not a high duty
even for the purpose of revenue. It is only
three eents on an article which is worth from
