1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1545
approval of the Secretary of the Treasury, to exempt
distillers of brandy from apples, peaches, or grapes
exclusively, from such of the provisions of this act
relating to the manufacture of spirits as in his judg-
ment may seem expedient, except as to the payment
of the tax.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 37, noes 71.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. DEFREES moved to insert the follow- -
ing as an additional section :
Sec. —. Be it further enacted. That from and after
this date there shall be no tax levied or collected on
draft harness and horse collars. ;
The amendment was disagreed to. i
The committee here informally rose.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported thai they had ex- ,
amined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 811) for the relief of cer-
tain drafted men;
And act (H. R. No. 1188) for the relief of
James Tetlow; and
An act (H. R. No. 590) for the relief of
William Mann and Jacob Senneff.
message from toe senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed joint resolutions
and a bill of the House of the following titles,
namely:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 275) to extend
the time for the use of certain vessels for quar-
antine purposes at the port of New York;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 252) to per-
mit Captain John A. Webster, of the steamer
Mahoning, to receive from the Government of
Great Britain a gold chronometer ; and
An act (H. R. No. 900) to fix the compen-
sation of the officers of the revenue-cutter ser-
vice, and for other purposes.
tax bill again.
The committee then resumed its session.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I offer the follow-
ing amendment as an additional section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That no action
or prosecution for the recovery of any claim of the
United States arising from alleged violations or frauds
upon the revenue laws shall be compromised or dis-
continued without the assent of the district attorney
of the United States for the district in which suon
proceeding is pending, or of the Attorney General
of the United States; and such assent shall in all
cases assign the reasons for such compromise or dis-
continuance, and shall be indorsed upon the papers
in the case and shall be preserved in the files of the
court.
Mr. SLOAN. I move to amend by striking
out all after the word " discontinued."
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the part
stricken out by inserting after the words "At-
torney General of the United States" the
words "and with the approval of the court in
which the action is pending."
The amendment of Mr. Hale was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Sloan, and it was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Shellabarger, as amended, and it was
agreed to.
Mr. DARLING. I move to add the follow-
ing as a new section:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That an informer
on furnishing satisfactory security to the court for
the appearance of himself or his witnesses, and also
for the costs and expenses of the proceedings, shall
have the right to prosecute in the name of the Uni-
ted States, notwithstanding any refusal or neglect
of any collector so to do, and upon furnishing the
security as aforesaid the same proceedings shall be
had as if the collector had authorized them, but
without responsibility to him, and the proceedings
shall be thenceforward under the control of the dis-
trict attorney.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HIGBY. I move the following as an
additional section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, Thatsection three
of the act of March 3. 1865, amendatory of the act
entitled "An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the publio
debt, and for other purposes," approved Jane SO,
1864, be amended by adding at its close as follows:
Provided, also. That the Secretary of the Treasury
may allow, by special instructions, the salary of any
assessor, assistant assessor, or other officer of internal
revenue, to be paid by the collector of the district,
and the amount so paid to be deducted from the full
amount of money otherwise required to be paid daily
by such collector into the Treasury of the United
States.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to add the following
as a new section : ;
Se<£—.And be it further enacted. That from and i
after the passage of this act canned and preserved i
shell-fish shall be exempt from internal tax. ;
The amendment was disagreed to. j
Mr. ROSS. I move to insert the following
as a new section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That all incomes
exceeding $20,000 shall hereafter be taxed at the rate
of ten per cent, per annum, anything in this act or
the acts to which this is amendatory to the contrary
notwithstanding.
Mr. MORRILL. I raise the question of
order, that this amendment has been once
offered and voted down.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules \
the point of order. This particular amend- ;
ment has not been before the committee. 1
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes 39, 1
noes 69. • i
Mr. HILL. I offer the following amend- I
ment as a new section:
Sec.—. Andbeit further enacted. That whenever any
claimant shall file, or who has already filed, a claim
for the refunding of any tax or duty which has been '
erroneously or illegally assessed and collected, it
shall be the duty of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue to notify by mail said claimants, or hisduly
appointed attorney, the disposition made of said
claim, whether allowed, suspended, or rejected, with
the cause of such suspension or rejection.
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes 25,
noes 71.
Mr. MILLER. I move to insert the follow-
ing as a new section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
lawful for any person interested in any instrument
of writing to place thereon and cancel the necessary
revenue stamps.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. DARLING. I offer the foll^ing as an
additional section:
Be it further enacted. That any person who shall
sell any empty cigar box or boxes, which have been
stamped, without first removing such stamp, or shall
refill any suchcigar-boxes without first removing such
stamp shall, on conviotion of each offense, be liable
to a penalty of $100, or to imprisonment not exceed-
ing sixty days, or both, in the discretion of the court,
with the costs of trial: and it shall not be lawful for
any inspectoror revenueofficer todestroy any empty
cigar box upon which a cigar stamp shall be found.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to
amend the bill by adding as a new section, the
following:
And be it further enacted, That a reduction of
twenty per cent, shall be, and is hereby, made upon
the salaries and compensation allowed by existing
laws to collectors of internal revenue, assessors and
assistant assessors.
Upon that amendment I demand tellers.
Tellers were refused; and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to ask what dispo-
sition has been made of the amendment offered
a few minutes ago, allowing any person inter-
ested in a paper to place a stamp upon it and
to cancel the stamp?
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment was
rejected.
Mr. NIBLACK. I think the House did not
understand that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to reconsider the
vote upon that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not now
in order in committee.
Mr. DARLING. I move to add the follow-
ing as a new section:
Be it further enacted. That the dealers of any lotter-
ies shall give bonds in the sum of $2,000 that the per-
son paying such tax shall not sell any ticket or sup-
plementary ticket of any lottery which has not been
duly stamped according to law, and that he shall pay
the tax imposed by law upon the gross receipts of his
sales. ^
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RADFORD. I offer the following as a
new section:
Be it further enacted. That all articles placed on the
freo list shall be taxed one per cent, from and after
Juue 1,18(38.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I offer the following as an
additional section:
And be it further enacted. That the tax on distilled
spirits shall hereafter be one dollar per gallon; and
all laws in conflict with thi3 section are hereby re-
pealed.
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to a point of order.
We have already voted upon that proposition
and have voted it down.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The precise question here pre-
sented has not been before the committee.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a point of order. The committee have already
voted that the tax on whisky shall be two dol-
lars per gallon; and therefore this amendment
cannot now be offered.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. LE BLOND. I suggest that we reserve
this question for a vote in the House. [Cries
of "Order!" "Order!"]
The question was taken; and there were—
ayes 44, noes 79.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the commit-
tee rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Boutwell reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
Union, pursuant to the order of the House, had
had under consideration the Union generally,
and particularly the special order, being House
bill No. 1161, to amend existing laws relating
to internal revenue, and had directed him to
report the same to the House with sundry
amendments thereto.
Mr. LE BLOND. I rise to a question of
order. In Committee of the Whole a propo-
sition was pending reducing the rate of tax on
whisky to one dollar, a vote was taken upon
it, but no quorum voted, the Chairman so an-
nouncing. Pending that vote a motion was
made and carried that the committee rise and
report the bill with the amendments of the
Committee of the Whole thereto. Now, I
would inquire if that does not bring the ques-
tion into the House so as to enable us take a
vote upon it in the House, the proposition in
regard to the tax on whisky being pending
and undetermined when the committee arose?
The SPEAKER. If the member from Ohio
[Mr. Le Blond] makes the point of order that
less than a quorum reported the bill to the
House, then the question would have to be
submitted to the House. The Chair, how-
ever, cannot take cognizance of what was
done in Committee of the Whole beyond what
is reported to him by the Chairman.
Mr. LE BLOND. A division by tellers was
called for in Committee of the Whole on tho
proposition to reduce the tax on whisky; but
the Chairman did not appear to recognize'the
call.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I only desire to say
that I did not hear any demand for tellers on
tli© l&st vote.
Mr. MORRILL. Before I call for the pre-
vious question I will state that I understand
my colleague on the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Hooper] agreed in Committee
of the Whole that the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] should have an opportunity in
the House to offer an amendment in relation
to the tax on tobacco and cigars. I now yield
to him for that purpose.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the bill
as reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means by inserting what I send to the Clerk's
desk in lieu of the following portion of the
bill:
Also, strike out all from the words "cigarettes or
small cigars,"in the first paragraph relating to cigars,
down to and including the words "twenty per cent.
ad valorem on the market value thereof," in the last
