1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
869
ten to twelve cents in market; from twenty-five
to thirty per ccnt. That is not a very high
revenue duty on foreign products. But there
are mines to be protected, mines which twenty
years ago furnished you all the lead you had
in the United States, and furnished it to you
at less than half the price you now get it at.
It is said that now we cannot get labor to work
it. There is nearly double the labor in the
country that there was then, and these miners
could employ that labor just as well as anybody
else if they could pay them as well; but they
certainly cannot employ them unless they can
find a market for the lead when it is produced.
I have seen no article produced here which
exhibits so strikingly the necessity for protec-
tion as this very article.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I shoiild like to ask the
Senator from Wisconsin if he knows what the
price of lead is in the pig ?
Mr. HOWE. I do not.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should think that would
have something to do with this proposition
which has been submitted, as it does not
appear what per cent, this will be ad valorem
upon the article. Now, the other day the Sen-
ator from New York [Mr. Harris] who is now
absent moved to reduce the duty from two and
a half cents, as reported by the committee, to
two cents, and represented that the necessities
of the country imperatively demanded that re-
duction in the price of lead. Now, the Senator
from Wisconsin represents that it is necessa.ry
that the tariff should be increased from two and
a half'to three cents. I think that it is a very
large percentage; think that is a very high
ad valorem tariff upon lead; and according to
all the representations that have been made on
both sides of this question I should think that
two and a half cents was as much as ought to
be imposed upon this article, and that such a
tariff is as high in proportion as the tariff that
has been imposed upon other articles of a
similar description produced in the country.
The tariff was three cents on lead in 1842.
In 1851 it was put at one cent; then it was
increased to one and a half cent, and finally
to two cents; so that the present tariff is two
cents per pound on pig lead.
Mr. IIOWB. Was that increase in 18G4 or
18G0?
Mr. WILLIAMS. In 18G4 the tariff was
increased to two cents per pound. The com-
mittee now report an additional half cent; and
upon an article of that description, of compar-
atively so little value or at such low price, a
half cent a pound is a considerable addition ;
and when you come to make the duly three
cents per pound I think it is one hundred per
cent, ad valorem.
Mr. CATTELL. The gentleman from Iowa
has indulged in a little pleasantry in looking
over to New Jersey in regard to zinc and nickel.
I ask permission to say that the tariff now placed
upon lead is a higher ad valorem, almost dou-
ble thai which has been laid upon either nickel
Or zinc. The ad valorem duty upon lead at
two and a half cents a pound is, in my judg-
ment, about sixty per cent. That is a rate of
duty which my friend from Iowa, I think, pretty
strongly objects to upon the highest degree of
manufactures in the country: and upon an
article in its first stage of preparation, like lead
in the pig, it ought to be abundant even for a
protective tariff man like myself.
Now, I do not like to oppose what is advo-
cated by my friend from Iowa, for I am under
a sort of implied contract with him that in his
absence I will not move to reduce the duty
upon anything in this bill. I think I made
that bargain a day or two ago ; and therefore
I do not like to oppose his view of advancing
the duty on lead. A reference to Commerce
and Navigation Reports will show the import-
ations of lead and its invoice value. The lat-
ter is between four and five cents a pound on
the other side, and consequently two and a
half cents a pound is a tariff of something like
sixty per cent. If any more was needed I
am the last man who would hesitate to grant
it. In my judgment, however, two and a half
cents is a fair and liberal allowance of duty,
more so, in my judgment, than that on any
other metal on the list.
Mr. HOWE. I only want to say, in reply
to the Senator from New Jersey, that I do not
think it fair to take the price at which an arti-
cle is invoiced for the purpose of assessing
duties as really the market price of lead in the
foreign market. I now call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask the
Senator from Wisconsin if five cents is not the
foreign valuation of this article, and whether
he wants more than fifty per cent, on this pro-
duction?
Mr. HOWE. I have already said that I am
not prepared now to state what the foreign
price is.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can find it in the prices
current.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is between five and
six cents a'pound.
Mr. HOWE. Fifty per cent, is not a high
protection ; it is not a very high revenue tariff.
But lead is an article which can be imported
at very low freights. It is a desirable kind of
freight, but little bulk .and a great deal of
weight. But, however, I am not going to
oocupy the time of the Senate in discussing
this matter. I just want to know who is for
my motion and who is not.
Mr. HENDERSON. L suggest to the Sen-
ator that the price upon which the duty was
levied upon the importations last year was be-
tween five and six cents. I would suggest to
him, however, and to the Senator from New
Jersey that the proposition of the Senator from
Wisconsin is not more than half the ad valorem,
duty which was voted this afternoon upon
building-stone, an article that can be fur-
nished, as I understand, for three dollars a ton,
and there we voted this eveningfour dollars per
ton duty.
Mr. BOCKALEW. A single remark on this
amendment. This bill, after the Senate has
concluded its action upon it, will go again to
the House of Representatives, and afterward
will go to a committee of conference. The
House bill is a bill much higher than the one
reported from our Committee on Finance. The
practical result will be that all the changcs made
in this bill after it passes herfe will be in the
direction of increasing rates. There will be
no reduction in the committee of conference
upon any vote taken by the Senate: all the
changes will be to raise the rates: our com;
mittee will be obliged, as is usual in such
cases, to give up the judgment of the Senate
upon perhaps half the items upon which we
are passing. Now, this being the condition of
this measure, it follows that the Senate ought
not to vote to increase any item in this bill us
reported from the committee, unless the case
is perfectly clear that il ought to be increased.
If there is any doubt about it, if the question is
dubious and uncertain, we ought to stand by
the report of the committee and enable them
to have a fair basis upon which to make an
ultimate agreement with the House of Repre-
sentatives. On that principle, on this and
many other amendments, 1 vote steadily to
sustain the report of the Committee on Fi-
nance and to retain the bill at the level of rate
upon which they have reported it to the Sen-
ate, deviating from this rule only in cases
where a particular argument excludes an item
from the general rule.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not choose to give
my vote on this question without the expres-
sion of an opinion. This whole bill, in my best
judgment, does not improve past legislation.
It is my opinion that we should return again
to the system which treats equally all depart-
ments of the industry of the country. I made
a little mistake this morning in the vote which
I cast upon an amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, but I discovered iny mistake in
time to correct it. He proposed to give a special
privilege to New England to bring down coal
from the British colonies. I believe about all
this matter, that we should legislate for every
State; as well as for mine as for the State
which is distinguished by the gentleman who
is now temporarily presiding [Mr. Hejtoricks
in the chair] as well as for all the States.
Special legislation is an evil. Why should we
legislate for New England as against Iowa?
Why should we make distinctions as against
or for Cali forma ? Why should we discriminate
in legislation for or against Oregon, or any
other part of the United States? Special legis-
lation is the evil of the day, and until we can
again return to the old policy of legislation for
revenue we cannot have much harmony on
this subject of taxing imports. JJy opinion is
that we should return to that policy as soon as
possible, and that this extra, particular, special
legislation is all wrong,
I believe that we should approximate free
trade as soon as we can consistent with the
interests of the Government, and that would
bring ns down again to the tariff of 1846, as near
as can be; for I believe that the then Secretary
of the Treasury organized a revenue system
better than has been organized since, and I
think it should be returned to now. We are
not required to make those great demands upon
the resources of the country. Why should we
' legislate against foreign commerce ? Sir, com-
mcrec is the hand-maid of civilization, has
been forages, and should not be restrained and
prevented by putting a Chinese wall around
our country as there is about China. As near
as we can afford to have commerce free it
should be free.
But, sir, this measure as it stands is against
the whole law of progress, as it is understood
in Great Britain, as it is understood in France,
as it is understood even in Belgium, a small
State, as it is understood in every civilized
foreign country. This legislation is against
the whole law of progress, as laid down by
every prudent legislator and high thinker of
the last century. We should make ourcharges
on foreign commerce upon a rcvenuo basis;
and the sooner it is perfectly free the richer
we shall become. Why? The reason has been
stated so often that 1 dare not even repeat it.
It has been published, printed, and recorded
by the great men of many States and the great
men of our own country. That we do not
understand it is a great fault, and it is because
the subject is not carefully inquired into by
those among us who undertake the high office
of legislation. When they have studied and
inquired into this they may improve. Perhaps
the evil may be this: we are a new country;
we have not passed through many centuries;
we have not studied the institutions of other
nations; in our busy life we have not had leis-
ure to inquire into those laws that govern the
condition of States and the necessities of their
prosperity.
1 do not affirm free trade absolutely, because
we are a concrete people, and we cannot exist
yet in the abstract. In the abstract free trade
is a truth. All students of the science of Gov-
ernment and its policy know it. An approxi-
mation to it is demanded of us. If we cannot
approximate to that we shall approximate to
the other extreme ; and the other extreme, in
my judgment, leads to chaos. _
I have made these remarks simply in order to
give expression to my views as to what is the
true policy in regard to the question before the
Senate.
Mr. MORGAN. I suppose we are all striv-
ing for a common object, and that is to make
this bill as near right as possible. It has been
said that it is not a perfect bill, and in that
opinion I concur. It was not a perfect bill
when it came from the committee, and not in
all respects satisfactory. I do not think it has
been improved or is likely to be improved
much by the amendments made in the Senate.
As we are now called upon to vote on this
question of load, I think it would be well
enough to state that no persons interested in
producing lead asked for an increase before
the committee, while there were before the
committee several persons consumers ot lead
