1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fereheads on the floor of the Senate. Yoti
will then see tho Democracy, with the keen
scent that always distinguishes that party, on
the hunt after the votes of these black men,
[laughter;] and if they treat them better than
the Republicans do they will probably get their
votes, and I hope they will.
And it will be just so down in these rebel
States. Give the negroes of Virginia the right
to vote, and you will find Wise and Letcher
and the whole tribe of the^ecessionists under-
taking to prove that from the landing at James-
town in 1620 the -first families of the Old
Dominion have always been the champions and
the special friends of the negroes of Old Vir-
ginia, and that there is a great deal of kindred
between them, [laughter;] that they are re-
lations, brethren; that the same red blood
courses in the veins of many, of them. They
will establish all these things, perhaps by affi-
davits. [Laughter.] And I say_ to you, sir,
they will have a good opportunity to get a
good many of their votes, for in these respects
they have the advantage of us poor Republicans.
You will find that the school-houses will
spring up. No Representative "will come from
Virginia and boast that he has not a newspaper
in his district after that. The Cause of educa-
tion, the cause of liberty will be advanced
everywhere by it. If these black men, whose
rights i advocate here to-day, whose rights I
have advocated for thirty years, and mean to
.advocate no matter how they vote, shall here-
after bo -better treated, their rights better se-
cured by those who went into the rebellion to
establish slavery forever, those who opposed
their enfranchisement, I shall be content. The
great thing in this world is not t5 run after
votes. I am ready to do my part of that work,
and I think I have done my full share of it.
The thing is to establish just, humane, and
equal laws, laws that shall recognize the rights
of all classes and conditions of men, and give
the poorest man that breathes God's air or
walks His green earth the right to make of
himself all that his Creator intended for him.
When we have established these rights in law,
when we have put them in execution, the great
work will have been done; and these people,
as they grow in education and intelligence, as
their rights are permanently secured, I have
not a doubt will divide like other men among
political parties, and will follow their own in-
clinations, their own wishes and interests; and
that is what all right-minded men desire they
should do.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not intend to say
a word on this bill, and shall not now occupy
the attention of the Senate more than a mo-
ment or two.
I always listen to the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania with interest and instruction, but I am
not able to agree with him upon the construc-
tion which he has given to the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Connecticut. I feel
it to be my duty to support that amendment,
hut not upon the construction given by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. The amendment pro-
vides that "no person who has not heretofore
voted in this District shall be permitted to vote
unless he shall be able at the time of offering
to vote to read and also to write his own name."
I think a fair construction of that amendment
is that the voter shall be required to be able
generally to read, and in addition to that, to
write his own name; and with that construc-
tion of tho amendment I propose to vote for
it, as I said yesterday, not because I am in
favor, as a general proposition, of an intelli-
fenee qualification for tho right to vote, but
eeause. in this particular instance, I think it
to be proper to prescribe it.
I cannot speak for other sections of the coun-
try, but for the Northwest I think I am justi-
fied in saying that there is a great deal of intel-
ligence found among men who are not able to
read. They do not acquire their information
from books, but from intercourse one with an-
other. In that part of the United States our
population is made up of men coming from the
New England States, men coming from the
central portions of the country, and also per-
sons from the southern States. These peo-
ple meet in the same neighborhoods. They
have intercourse with each other, and the one
communicates to the other what he knows.
They attend the popular meetings; they hear
the political motions of the day discussed;
they are called upon the juries, and they hear
the law discussed both by the attorneys and by
the court, and in the course of a generation
many men who are not able to read and write
become very intelligent men and entirely com-
petent to the exercise of political power. I
have addressed, in the course of my profes-
sional life, very many men as jurors, who were
excellent jurors indeed, who were not able to
read. Perhaps gentlemen from other sections
of the country are not able to understand ex-
actly how this may be. I attribute it to the
fact that our population is made up of citizens
coming -from every part of the country, and in
their intercourse they communicate to ono an-
other the peculiar information of each, and
because also of the popular institutions which
prevail, calliift the people together in public
assemblies ana hearing the great questions of
the day discussed, and the popular character
of our courts in which the laws of the land are
freely discussed.'
But, sir, does that slate of fact at all apply
to the colored people? They have had none
of these opportunities of obtaining intelligence
which I have mentioned. They have been in a
state of servitude. They have never mingled
with citizens of other sections of the country,
and thereby acquired information. They have
never been called into the courts to hear the
laws and institutions of the country discussed.
They have never attended the popular meetings
and there heard discussed the institutions and
policy of the land. They have had none of the
means of information which has made intelli-
gent men out of many in the Northwest who
arc not able to read and write.
The Senator from Pennsylvania will hardly
say that intelligence acquired in some way or
other is not important to the citizen. He cer-
tainly is not prepared to question that which
has become almost an axiom with us, that our
institutions rest upon the virtue and the intel-
ligence of the people. Has that been a mis-
take all the while, or in fact do our institutions
rest upon public virtue and public intelligence?
If so, I submit to Senators whether the slave
coming from the farm, who has never heard
the Constitution of his country either read or
discussed, who has no knoivledge whatever,
and has had no opportunity of acquiring knowl-
edge of the laws of the country, of the policy
proposed, of the policy that has governed us
in the past, or that is proposed for the future,
is competent to exercise political power in this
country? For many offices it is only important
to know the character of the candidate. For
merely administrative or executive offices it is
enough for us to know that, the man we vote
for is an honest man and a m&n of ordinary
intelligence, because the discharge of the du-
ties of his office has no influence upon the po-
litical policy of the country; but when we come
to vote for the legislator or any executive offi-
cer who has any influence upon the legislation
of the country, is it then only important that
we should know the man ? Is it not important,
then, that we shall comprehend the policythat
he is to advocate and carry out as a legislator?
Then intelligence becomes important, not only
to know the particular candidate, his qualities,
whether he has intelligence and honesty and
fitness for the office, but it becomes important
that we shall know the policy and. system of
laws which he will favor; and I submit whether
the negroes coming from the plantation have
that sort of information or have had the oppor-
tunity to acquire that sort of information in
any way.
Mr. President, the objection has been made
to this bill that it proposes an ex post facto pun-
ishment. 1 thought the objection made by the
Senator from Pennsylvania was well made, and
I think the Senator from Now Jersey did not
meet it. _ It is not enough to say th&t tfae. right
to vote is a conventional and itot a natuwtl
right, that it is the result of the social orgaai-
zatiop. Suppose it be a conventional right;
but it seems to me it" goes .back of that. I know
that the -right of voting is regulated by law, yet
when men enter into the social compact as
equals and agree to a form of government and
that the power shall rest with the people, is it
not a natural right^after they have made such a
compact that their equality shall not be dis-
turbed. ButsuppoHC it to be a conventional right,
and a conventional righi is taken away fjfQ.m a
man because lie has committed a crime, i? not
that a punishment? It has so been considered.
This is not a new question. In the reign of
George III an act of Parliament taking away
the right to vote was regarded as a bill of at-
tainder, a bill of punishment. Upon that sub-
ject I willreadfrom Woodeson's Lectures, vol-
ume one, lecture forty-one: -
"Thus in the ease of New Shoreham sixty-eight
electors for thai borough byname are disqualified
to vote for members of Parliament. Such incapacity
was part of the punishment provided by the general
law against bribery. The operation, therefore, of
this legislative sentence was to preclude the neces-
sity of formal convictions against each individual,
their guilt being thought sufficiently apparent.
" It must be admitted that in all penal statutes
passed ex post facto, except where the innovation
mollifies the rigor of the criminal code, justice wears
her sternest aspect. Moral conscience and human
frailty have no longer tho additionalguidance of the
law."
There, sir, an act of Parliament which took
away from sixty-eight men the right to vote
for a member of Parliament because those
sixty-eight men had committed the crime
of bribery at an election was regarded as a
bill of pains and penalties, regarded so by
this writer, regarded so by Parliament itself,
regarded so by the courts.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Sena-
tor from Indiana will allow me, I desire to call
his attention to a section of the statute passed
by Congress punishing treason.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. One part of the pun-
ishment is described in the third section:
"Ami be it further enacted. That every person guilty
of either of the offenses described in this act shall be
forever incapable and disqualified to hold any office
under the United States."
This is the act of 1862 "to suppress insur-
rection, to punish treason and rebellion, and
forother purposesso that the disqualification
to hold office was a part of the punishment for
the crime of treason committed after the pas-
sage of the act.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The act of Parliament
to which I refer, is the fifty-fifth chapter of the
second of George III. I will ask Senators
who apologize for this proposition whether cit-
izenship is a natural right. It is very clear
that it is not. The man who comes from a
foreign land into our country is not, by virtue
of any natural right, a citizen. He becomes a
citizen because our political community agree
to it. The right of citizenship is a conven-
tional right; yet as a punishment, in direct
terms, for crimc. Congress has said the right
of citizenship-shall be taken away. I refer to
the act passed in 1805 punishing desertion. It
is on the same line of thought suggested by the
Senator from Wisconsin:
"That, in addition to the other lawful penalties of
the crime of desertion from the military or naval ser-
vice. all persons who liavc deserted the military or
naval servieo of the United States who shall not re-
turn to said service or report themselves to a provost
marshal within sixty days after tile proclamation
hereinafter mentioned mui!! be deemed and taken
to have voluntarily relinquished and forfeited their
rights of citizenship and their rights to occomo citi-
zens; and such deserteis shall be forever inc.ipa.Mo
of holding any office of trust or profit under tho
United States, or of exorcising any ritfhts oi citizens
thereof."
Expressly as a punishment. It is net, cei-
tainly, and no lawyer will say it is, important
by what term this is known. The question is,
is the proposition a punishment for an act done ?
I suppose in all the States disfranchisement is
found as one of the punishments. J will read
from one section of the laws of Indiana, with
which I am more familiar than with tha laws
