1546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
paragraph relating to eigslta, and inserting in lieu
thereof the following:
On cigarettes, cigars, and cheroots of all descrip-
tions, made of tobacco or anysubstitute therefor, the
market value of which, including the tax, is not over
eight dollars per thousand, a tax of two dollars per
thousand; when exceeding eight dollars per thou-
sand in market value, including the tax, a tax of
eight dollars per thousand.
The Clerk read as follows:
Insert the following in lieu of the part proposed to
be stricken out:
Strike out from the third paragraph_ of the law
relating to cheroots, cigarettes, and cigars, these
words, "on all cheroots, cigarettes, and cigars, the
market value of which is over twelve dollars per
thousand, a tax of four dollars per thousand, and, in
addition thereto, twenty percent, wl valorem on the
market value thereof," and insert the following:
"on all cheroots, cigarettes, and cigars, the market
value of which is over twelve dollars per thousand,
a tax of four dollars per thousand and, in addition
thereto, twenty per cent, ad valorem on tho excess
over twelve dollars of the market value thereof."
Mr. SCHENCK. I merely desire to say
that the amendment which I now propose, if
adopted, will make the law what the House
proposed at the last session it should be.
Mr. DEMING. I do not understand that
there was any agreement in Committee of the
Whole that this amendment should be offered
in the House.
The SPEAKER. It was an agreement be-
tween the Committee of Ways and Means and
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Is such an agreement
as that binding upon the House?
The SPEAKER. It is not; but the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] can yield
to allow the amendment to be offered.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say to mem-
bers that an opportunity will be offered for any
gentleman to call a separate vote upon any
amendment which he desires to reserve for a
separate vote. After these amendments have
been indicated I will ask that the other amend-
ments be voted upon in gross.
Mr. ROSS. Will the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morbill] allow a separate vote to be
taken upon the question of increasing the tax
upon all incomes over $20,000? There are
many of us who desire to record our votes on
that question.
Mr. MORRILL. That is not in the bill in
the shape of an amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to state that when
I offered my amendment in Committee of the
Whole there was a division, and tho vote stood
—ayes 2G, noes 39; no quorum voting. A
further vote which might have resulted in show-
ing that there was no quorum present, was not
insisted upon on the distinct understanding
that I should be allowed to offer my amend-
ment in the House and have a vote upon it.
AVe certainly would not have allowed the ques-
tion to go against this amendment without such
an understanding.
Mr. MYERS. I desire to state my recol-
lection of this matter; but before doing so I
will ask the Chair if this amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] is
adopted, will it not take the place of the five-
dollar tax as proposed by me ?
Mr. SCHENCK. It will.
Mr. MYERS. When my amendment was
offered in Committee of the AVhole, a vote was
taken by division, and tellers were called for.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. My-
ers] that it is not material what the vote
was in Committee of the AVhole, because the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] can
yield to any gentleman to offer an amendment,
if he sees fit to do so, without regard to any
understanding which was had in Committee of
the AVhole.
Mr. M\ ERS. As the gentleman from Ohio
has been permitted to make a statement, I
trust I may be allowed to do the same. When
ihe vote was taken upon my amendment no
quorum voted, and the House took a recess,
when the House again assembled I stated
distinctly that if members would withdraw
their objections to iny amendment and allow
a vote to be taken upon it in the House I
would not press the question. That, request
was refused, the vote was taken, and my
amendment was adopted.
The gentleman forced us into that, and the
amendment prevailed. I want to say that is
my recollection of it.
Mr. MORRILL demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will slate to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] and
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers]
that the amendment of the Committee of the
AVhole on the state of the Union is to strike
out, and the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio is to perfect, the section. If the gentle-
man's amendment be adopted then the ques-
tion will rccur on striking out the paragraph
as amended.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, in rising to
close the debate under the rules I shall not
trespass upon the time of the House longer
than to explain some of the amendments on
which I shall ask for a separate vote.
The first amendment is on page 8 in refer-
ence to 1 icenses: on that subject the Committee
of the Whole have reduced the amount proposed
in the original bill from $500 to §100. I trust
it will be the will of the House to restore it to
what it was originally when reported from the
Committee of AVays and Means. That course
will be taken if it is the purpose to use all
legitimate means to collect the whisky tax.
The next one on which I shall ask for a sepa-
rate vote is the seventeenth on page 8. The
wit of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schekck]
is always very good, but I submit to the House
that we had better not enact practical jokes.
This seems to be a practical joke, to except
hominy and sauerkraut, and I hope the amend-
mentwill be non-concurred in.
The next amendment is number twenty-five,
on page 9, in relation to cigars. Now, Mr.
Speaker, the evidence in the possession of the
office of the internal revenue at AVashington,
the evidence of every expert throughout the
country aad of assessors and collectors is in
favor of cme uniform rate of tax on cigars, and
that unless we have that uniform rate we shall
forego more than one half, if not two thirds,
of the revenue from this source. I do submit
after we have tried the experiment and found
that discriminating rates and ad valorem rates
are a total failure we should adhere to the prin-
ciple of a single rate. The testimony, as I have
said, of all the experts is thatdiscriminatingand
ad valorem rates are a total failure. I do not
know of a single one I have ever met having a
different opinion on this subject.
'The next is the fifty-fifth amendment on page
14. In the clause in referenceto waterpipethe
words "metal excepted" are inserted. It will
be found that makes nonsense of the proposi-
tion and ought to be excludsd.
The fifty-eighth amendment on page 14 is the
next, and is in relation to leather. I understand
the Committee of the Whole have stricken out
the provision by which leather was exempted
and inserted in lieu of it " boots and shoes."
If the member who made the amendment is
really in favor of lessening the cost of boots
and shoes he would I think better accomplish
his purpose by exempting leather, for two thirds
of the cost of boots and shoes consists in the
cost of the raw material. Sixty-five or seventy
per cent, is included in leather. On boots and
shoes a tax of two per cent, now exists, while
there is a tax of five per cent, on leather ; so
that to relieve leather from the tax would
lessen the cost of shoes and boots more than
to remove it directly from shoes and boots.
Beside that, we accomplish a wider and better
purpose by exempting leather in order to escape
the duplication of taxes. Leather goes into
consumption in various forms, in carriages,
harness, in belting for machinery, and so on;
and it is an inevitable subject of the duplica-
tion of taxes everywhere. If we exempt it in
the simple form in the raw material then we
escape the objection of duplication of tax.
And there is still another reason, The man-
ufacture of leather, the currying and dressing
of leather, is. a business that pervades the whole
country. Perhaps it is the most equally dis-
tributed of any business in the United States ;
whereas the boot and shoe business is confined
more to a locality, and to a locality that will
regard it as a greater favor to have leather ex-
empted than to have the tax taken off of boots
and shoes. AVe have had heretofore an export
trade in boots and shoes, but after we levied
1 a tax on leather without drawback the whole
export trade has been cut off root and branch.
The next amendment is the sixty-first on
page 14. I start with the fact that we have
exempted the manufacture of flax and hemp
from any tax. The manufacture of jute is of
' a lower class than flax and hemp, and if we
■ exempt flax aTid hemp this inferior article for
bagging for grain and other articles should also
; be exempted. I trust the House will concur in
, restoring the provision as it stood, and exempt
ii the manufacture of jute.
] The next amendment on which I wish to ask
1 a separate vote is the seventy-eighth, on page
, 15, in relation to cotton. I confess my surprise
at this amendment. I cannot believe it was
J; understood in any part of the House. The
amount of revenue derived from this article
i last year was between eighteen and nine-
teen million dollars. I have no question that
another season it will be a very much larger
sum. AVe consume in this country about one
fourth part of the usual average crop. Three
fourths of it is carried abroad. If this pro-
vision is to prevail, all I can say is that we
should strike out every other article which we
have exempted, for we have gone as far as
it is prudent in tho amount of our exemptions,
and the question arises whether we shall exempt
all the articles which we have already included
in the bill or this one single article. It is the
only article upon which we derive any consid-
erable amount of revenue from the entire south-
ern rebel States. Take, for instance, Mississippi.
I believe we get from the tax on income from
that State only sixty dollars; and yet our own
growers of wool for every dollar's worth which
they sell over and above $1,000 have to pay a
tax of five per cent.
Mr. LAAVRENCE, of Ohio. I would be
glad if the chairman of the Committee of AVays
and Means would state to the House how much
revenue we will derive from the southern States
in case the tax is removed from cotton.
Mr. MORRILL. The tax which we derive
from those States from all sources including
stamp tax and every other, but excluding the
tax on cotton, is between four and five million
dollars. I think the House fully understands
this question—that it is not an oppressive tax.
I have no question but what with the provision
that we have adopted in relation to drawbacks
the southern States themselves, when they shall
be restored, will be in favor of the continuance
of this tax if they can have a drawback on
manufactured goods and yarns when exported.
AArhy, sir, at the present moment there is more
enterprise and vigor in starting cotton estab-
lishments in the South than in relation to
any other industrial employment in the whole
country.
And let me state another fact, that this tax,
instead of diminishing the amount of our ex-
ports, will inevitably increase them. If gentle-
men will look at the amount of cotton manu-
factured by England and sent abroad in the
shape of cotton yarn, they will find that it
amounts to many hundred million pounds.
Now, if this tax shall continue, instead of our
sending abroad the present large amount of
cotton in its raw unmanufactured state, we shall
in a very brief time send a very large portion
of it abroad in the shape of cotton yarn and
coarse heavy fabrics, and thereby double the
amount of the value of our exports of cotton.
Mr. BLAINE. Do they not get a drawback
on the whole?
Mr. MORRILL. No, sir; only the amount
| exported.
! Mr. BLAINE. AVill the gentleman allow me
i to ask him whether, according to the present
