870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
who asked that the duty might be Reduced
instead of increased. The duty now being
two cents the consumers ask that it might be
reduced to a cent and a half a pound; and my
colleague, who is not present to-night, made a
motion to have it so reduced. That motion
did not prevail; but I wish to say that there
is no demand for this increase, there is no
necessity for it; it is not required. It is true,
as has been said here to-night, that for two
years past imported lead has been taken to
the West and bought very largely. It has
been bought very largely for the market at St.
Louis within the last two years. I do not
know that that is the case now. Perhaps it
may have been owing in part to the small
quantity of lead produced at the western
mines during the war; but I am satisfied that
the rate fixed by the committee, two and a
half cents a pound, is all that is needed, and
I hope the Senate will adhere to the report of
the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. Since the colloquy about
the price of lead I have sent and got the prices-
current as given in the Iron Age of December
27. I find that the price of lead in England
was twenty pounds per ton, or equivalent to
four cents and four mills a pound. A duty of
two and a half cents a pound is sixty per cent,
on the present cost. I find the value of pig
iron is $16 '22 a ton, and the duty proposed on
that is nine ce«ts a pound, about the same rate.
The duty 011 railroad iron is about the same
rate, between fifty and sixty per cent. The
duty on bar iron is higher than any other duty
on metals in the list, probably nearly one hun-
dred per cent.; but certainly the duty on lead
is high enough as the bill stands ; it is as high
as any other metal on the list, except probably
bar iron. I shall not vote for an increase.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to say a word in reply
to the Senator from Ngw York. He says that
the producers of lead have not been here.
That 1 think is a fact; they have not been in
the Senate ; they have not been before the
Finance Committee; they were before the
Committee of Ways and Means in the House
of Representatives ; they did insist upon higher
protection, and the House conceded that they
were entitled to it and put the duty at three
cents a pound, just what I ask to have it put
here. In the absence of the producers of lead,
and as it seems to me by the statement of the
Senator from New York, in the presence of
those who import it the Finance Committee
put down the duty to two and a half cents—
put it down from what the House agreed it
should be half a cent. I wish to have it put
back.
In reply to the Senator from Ohio I simply
wish to call his attention and that of the Senate
to the difference between pig lead and pig iron.
Pig iron is not what may be strictly called a
raw material, but it is a very raw manufacture.
Pig lead, when you got that put into market,
is the article that yon want for all uses. It is
refined lead.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays '20; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Conness, Cowan, Doo-
little, Edmunds, Frclinghuysen, Grimes, Uoward,
Howe, Kirkwood, Lane, Norton, Trumbull, Wade,
and Yates—15.
HAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Caltell, Cragin, Cres-
well, Davis, Fessenden, Hendricks, Johnson, MeDou-
eall, Morgan, Morrill, Patterson, Poland, Ilamsey,
Sherman, Sprague, Van Winkle, Willey, Williams,
and Wilson—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Dixon, Fogg,
Foster. Fowler, Guthrie, Hams, Henderson, Nes-
mith, Nye, Pomeroy, Riddle, Boss, Saulsbury, Stew-
art, and Sumner—1T-.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HOWE* On page 55 I have been in-
formed that the duty we have raised on these
places: in lines three hundred and fifty-two,
three hundred and fifty-eight, and three hun-
dred and sixty, on "white lead or carbonate
of lead, dry;" on "red lead or minium," and
on " red lead, moist, or ground in water or in
oil." It is fair to say that in reference to this
raatter I move entirely upon the opinion fur-
nished me by others. The duty on lead, as has
already been noticed, has been raised from
what it was before; and as these paints are
manufactured from pig lead it of course ne-
eessitated raising the duty on them. That
duty has been raised to be sure, but it is said
that it is not sufficiently raised. I will submit
a motion to insert "and a half" in line three
hundred and fifty-two after "four;" so as to
read:
On white lead or carbonate of load, dry, four and
a half cents per pound.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think when a proposition
is made to increase the tariff upon an article of
that description some good reason should^ be
given for the change. Now, this is an article
that is very generally used; it is one of the
necessary ingredients of paint, and its con-
sumption is very large in the country ; and to
add to the duty would impose a tax upon a very
large number of persons who use the article,
and I do not think there is any disproportion
between a tariff of two and a half cents on pig
lead and four and a half cents on white lead.
Why should white lead be raised to four and a
half cents, when the material out of which it is
made is only subjected to a duty of two and a
half cents? I think that if two anil a half cents
on the pig lead would protect that business, as
I presume it would, four cents on white lead
would protect the manufacturers of that article.
I have had experience enough in connection
with this tariff bill to know that all persons who
take pains enough to come to Washington to
make representations about this tariff say that
it is necessary that the tariff should be very
high so far as their particular interest is con-
cerned ; and I have become satisfied that it will
not do to take the representations made by
interested parties, and ask the Senate to adopt
an increase of duty, when the duty already pro-
posed is certainly reasonable, and in many
cases a large duty. I have not had time to
compare this duty on white lead as reported by
the committee with the duty that was fixed in
the House bill. I am not able to say now what
the present duty is on white lead; but these
matters were considered by the committee in
view of both sides of the question; and to say
simply that somebody who is interested in the
manufacture of this article desires to have it
raised seems to me to be a very poor reason
for adding so much to an article of this de-
scription.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is raised more than
the lead is : it is raised a cent a pound and the
" lead half a cent.
Mr. HOWE. The simple question for the
Senate to pass upon is this: the lead can be
exported by foreign producers to tliig country
at two and a half cents ; the paint at one and a
half cent more. The question is whether they
will export the lead or whether they will put it
into paint and export it in that form ; whether
the foreign producer will send it over here as
pig lead at a duty of two and a half cents or
send it over here as paint at four cents.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HOWE. On page CO, between the lines
six hundred and twenty and six hundred and
twenty-one, T move to amend by inserting, " on
aluminate of soda two and a half cents per
pound."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a very high
duty. The other salts of soda are only at half
a cent a pound.
Mr. HOWE. On the sulphate of soda the
duty is one and a half cent. I cannot testify
what the precise rate should be. Such are
my instructions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know what
the article is. I only say how it is with regard
to the salts. Soda-ash is at half a cent; nitrate
of soda is half a cent; sulphate of soda is half
a cent. Why not put this at the same rate?
Mr. HOWE. Soda-ash and nitrate of soda
are the basis of this.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose you put it at
three fourths of a cent a pound, precisely what
sal soda is. I do not know what the article is,
and the Senator it seems does not.
Mr. HOWE. No; I am not acquainted with
the article.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I doubt whether
it ought to be put in at all.
Mr. HOWE. I think that is no objection to
putting it in. I do not understand that there
is any objection to putting in this article if
Senators can be satisfied with the rate. Well,
put it at three fourths of a cent.
Mr. GRIMES. I object to anything of this
kind going in unless the Senator can tell us
what it is. It may be some generic term that
includes some half a dozen other sodas.
"Aluminate of soda:" The Senator cannot
tell us what it is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it go to the House.
It can be put in there.
Mr. HOWE. I would tell the Senate what
it was if I knew, [laughter;] but I trust they
will take my word upon the other branch of
the proposition, and that is that I do not
know. [Laughter.]
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HOWE. Now I wish to move an
amendment in reference to an article that I
think I do know what it is. It is on page 93,
line one hundred and ten. It is "wheat."
[Laughter.] I move to raise the duty to thirty
cents a bushel. I move to strike out "twenty"
and insert "thirty."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that
that there is any objection to that. I under-
stand it is prohibitory now.
Mr. HOWE. If there is no objection to
it 
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is for the Senate to
say.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to it.
Mr. HOWE. I have one reason for thinking
that the duty of twenty cents is not prohibitory,
and that is that about half a million of value
was imported last year of wheat and flour._
I have another reason for thinking that it is
not prohibitory. A year or two ago the Con-
gress of the United States was vehemently
importuned to rescind what was known as the
reciprocity treaty—a treaty that we had with
Canada—under which wheat and flour could
come from Canada here free, and our wheat and
flour could go to Canada free; and as an argu-
ment to induce us to rescind that treaty we
were pointed to the enormous importation of
wheat and flour from Canada. My reply was
that I was perfectly willing, so far as the farm-
ers who are my constituents were concerned,
to compete with the Canadian wheat-growers
upon equal terms. I was perfectly willing that
they should send their wheat and flour here
without duty if we could send ours there with-
out duty. I insisted upon it that we had the
best soil and the best climate, and that our
productions would excel theirs, and that we
should sell them more, and we were selling
them more than they were selling us.
But the argument that it was necessary in
order to save our markets to rescind the treaty
prevailed. Very well, sir, the treaty is gone.
Now you have a duty of twenty cents per bushel
to keep Canadian wheat out of our markets.
That is not what it costs to get the wheat from
the Northwest to the Atlantic markets. It
often costs twenty cents a bushel to get wheat
from the Mississippi river to Lake Michigan,
and I think it is very seldom that it happens
that wheat can be transported from Lake Mich-
igan to New York for twenty cents a bushel.
Mr. GRIMES. Itcosts seventeen cents from
the Mississippi to Lake Michigan.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Iowa says
that seventeen cents is the price now for trans-
porting wheat from the Mississippi river to
Lake Michigan, and it is very rarely the case,
and I do not think ever happens, that wheat
can be sent from Lake Michigan to New York
for twenty cents. Therefore we do pay a
duty; we do not pay it to the custom-house,
but we.pay it to your transportation compa-
nies ; a duty of much more than twenty cents
a bushel to gel to these markets, ana we pay
twenty cents a bushel over what it costs the
