1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
871
Canadian farmer. The consequence is, that
by virtue of rescinding the reciprocity treaty
and renewing these duties the Canadians have
a monopoly of the Atlantic market so far as
their productions can supply it and we are
excluded from the Canadian markets. Now,
that is the justice that you mete out to us by
this sort of legislation! The House, I believe,
put up the duty to forty cents a bushel. I have
learned to be modest during the discussion of
this tariff bill and to ask for but very little, and
not insist much upon that. I have proposed
to put this up to thirty cents, and I hope the
Senate will agree to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that this amend-
ment of my friend from Wisconsin will be
adopted. Vermont is a State that produces
very little wheat and consumes a great deal of
flour ; but I, for one, as -a Vermonter, am per-
fectly willing to protect the products of Wis-
consin or Iowa or the West, any part of the
country that is able to produce a thing which
we want ourselves. I do not think we owe any
gratitude or consideration whatever of any
kind, except our own interests, to the Cana-
dians. The policy which they pursue is hos-
tile to us in all respects, political, economic,
and every other. I beg to call the attention
of the Senate to a paragraph which 1 find in
this evening's paper, which could not have
been gotten up for this occasion, touching
Canadian policy:
"Tho report of the Canadian minister of customs
recommends that American vessels be refused the
privilege of passing through the Welland canal for
n few months. ' By doing this,' he says. ' we will
bring the Americans to reason.'"
Well, if it will bring the Americans to rea-
son, I hope they will stop our passage through
that canal, so that we shall have public works
of our own by whicli'we can transport our own
products from one part of the country to the
other. I hope this amendment, by which Cana-
dian wheat will Lie taxed higher than it is now,
will be agreed to, although it may for the pres-
ent moment bear hardly upon the constituents
whom I represent. 1 believe that when we are
able to produce wheat enough for ourselves,
and when we have the means of home trans-
portation, as we may have, we shall be unwise
in every respect if we admit the products of a
community who are hostile to us into the coun-
try without their paying a fair share of the bur-
dens which fall upon our own producers. I
am willing, therefore, to pay a little more for
Wisconsin and western wheat than I should be
obliged to pay for Gatmdian wheat, in the hope
that by mutual protection to all parts of the
country we shall develop our own productions
and be independent of those foreigners who
entertain toward'us the spirit which this para-
graph shows.
Mr. HOWE. I am urged by several gentle-
men to modify the motion so as to put the
dutj at forty cents, the House rate, instead of
thirty, and I will do so. I suppose it is at my
option.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hen-
dricks in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment proposed by tho Senator from
Wisconsin, increasing the duty on wheat from
twenty to forty cents a bushel.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. Now, Mr. President, on page
89, section fifteen, line twenty-four, corre-
sponding with that, I move to strike out " fif-
teen" aud to insert "thirty;" so as to read:
On flour and meal, middlings, and mill-feed of
wheat, rye, oats, or other grain not herein otherwise
provided for, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no particular in-
terest in this matter one way or the other, and
I suppose my constituents have none ; but one
Senator represents the men who produce the
wheat; another Senator proposes this legisla-
tion because of the action of the people in
Canada; but nobody represents the vast pro-
portion of the people of this country who con-
sume this article, and who are compelled to
pay a very much higher price for the bread
which they eat on account of this additional
tariff It seems to me that this class of people,
constituting a very large proportion of the
community, ought not to be wholly ignored.
Before we put fifty per cent, or forty per cent,
or thirty per cent, upon wheat and flour, we
ought to remember that there are thousands
of poor people in this country who have fam-
ilies to support who will be oppressed by this
additional tariff, and it is on their account that
I protest against this addition to these taxes
upon the food which the people of the country
consume.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am much obliged to
the Senator from Oregon for speaking for the
poor, although I fancy that he can have very
little knowledge of that class of people ; but I
represent in part three hundred and twenty-five
thousand poor people who do not raise any
wheat, but who eat it, and I will take the re-
sponsibility of speaking for that portion of the
community. I do not oppose this section as it
stood on wheat and favor the increase on the
ground of the hostility of the Canadians to us
merely ; but I said that we ought not to enter
into any legislation which would favor for-
eigners at the expense of our own producers
and laborers and agriculturists for people of
that description. That is what I said.
Now, we have repealed the reciprocity treaty
and set it aside ; but if we are to give the Cana-
dians almost the same privileges under a low
tariff that they had under the reciprocity treaty,
while we receive none of tho corresponding
benefits, as few and feeble as they were under
that treaty while it lasted, then I say we shall
be carrying generosity a great deal further than
we do justice. We are able to produce, and
we do produce all the agricultural products
thatall the people of the country need; and if by
protecting manufactures and the industrial arts
we give etaployment to the poor of the eastern
States, then they will have the means of pay-
ing the western States for the products which
they furnish for their consumption. Therefore,
if the western States are willing, as they seem
to be, to protect the mechanic arts and manu-
factures so as to furnish the means of industry
and of earning to the poor of the East, I say I
am willing to protect the agricultural products
of the West, so that we shall consume them
rather than the products of a foreign country;
and I believe that on such a policy tho country
will grow rich instead of poor. That is my
position.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask
gentlemen if they have entirely forgotten that
this bill has some reference to revenue?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not forgotten it-
Mr. HOWE. I do not know but that 1 had
forgotten that. [Laughter.] But I wish to
make a suggestion in reply to the Senator from
Oregon. He objects to a raising of the duties
on flour after assenting to a raising of the duty
on wheat. If we refuse now to raise the duty
on flour, the only effect will bo that the farmer
will send his grain m herein the shape of flour
instead of wheal. It will cheat our bill, and
still the Canadians have all the benefit.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment to the amendment, and
declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. HOWE and Mr. GRIMES called for
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 8; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Conness, Cowan,
Cragin, Creswell, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fowler, Fro-
linghuysen, Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard,
Howe, Johnson, Kirkwood, Lane, Morrill, Norton,
Patterson, Itamsey, Sherman, Sprague, Van Winkle,
Wade, Willey, Wilson, and Yates—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Davis, Fessen-
den, M'-Dougall, Morgan, Poland, and Williams—8.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Dixon, i'ogg, Foster,
Guthrie, Harris, Nesmith, Nye, Pomeroy, Riddle,
Ross, Saulsbury, Stewart, Sumner, and Trumbull—15.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WADE. 1 move to amend the bill on
page 85, section thirteen, line thirty-six, by
striking out the words ''unfinished, per cent.
ad valorem," and inserting "three dollars per
ton of thirteen cubic feet;" so as to read:
On grindstones, three dollars per ton of thirteen
cubic feet.
This article of grindstones was included
with freestone and other stone when the sub-
ject was considered in the Committee of the
Whole before, and those stones have since
been put up. They have Wben put at four
dollars per ton; and now I propose to put
grindstones under that, at three dollars per
ton. I do not propose to argue the question
over again ; but I take leave barely to read
the statement of one of the gentlemen engaged
in this business. I do it with the more free-
dom because I know from what has been said
here that the committee who arranged and
settled upon these duties did in a groat meas-
ure get their information from men who were
interested, as they had to do, because those
interested in a business are the ones generally,
and frequently they are the only ones, who
really know all about the business, and if they
are honest they must be trusted. All that I
can say is, that the gentleman whose state-
ment 1 propose to read is a gentleman fully
acquainted with the business, who has worked
at it for a long time, aud a gentleman of ve-
racity and truth, and whose word is taken and
believed ordinarily in what he says, llcre is
what lie says on this subject:
"Nova Scotia grindstones can be imported into the
eastern markot at from six to eight dollars per ton
less than thoso of Ohio owing to the diticienoo of
freight and labor. They allow us to establish the
market price, they selling just enough below us to
take tho trade, there being no other competition.
A higher duty would not raise the price to the con-
sumer as they would lessen their profits to keep
tho trade, which thoy can do, and then make a better
profit than wo can. Advancing the duty would
not advauco the price in tho western market as
our competition at homo is too strong for that, it
being always onr only market, and the West H now
flooded with these grindstones. There are in northern
Ohio tifty quarries that employ in all ovei two thou-
sand men. In Michigan there art' anmnber of quar-
ries working by a large number ot men, and also largo
quarries in southern Ohio, Pennsylvania, West Vir-
ginia, Kentucky, and Illinois. If we cannot have a
proper protection, lully one third, and perhaps one
half of our men, will be compelled to seek other em-
ployment, as our market is being cut down by tho
foreign competition. The quality of our stone, both
for grindstones and building purposes, is not prob-
ably surpassed in this country, and wo have enough
to satisfy the markets of tho world. Tho duty at
four dollars per ton is about twenty per cent, of tho
selling price of the Nova Scotia stone. The item of
stone is a small matter in comparisonwith tho other
stock the manufacturer uses, such as iron, steel, and
coal. Small grindstones will cost the farmer about
three dollars and will last over a year."
That I suppose will answer the argument
that is made that this is going to burden tho
farmers very much. It appears that their
grindstones cost almost nothing. The only
competition is in the large article, used I under-
stand in manufacturing establishments, and
they come in almost dressed and finished.
The bill makes a distinction between finished
and unfinished grindstones; but the trouble is
that they come in under the head of unfinished
grindstones with almost the entire work done
upon them before they come here, as this
gentleman states. But I do not wish to add
anything to his statement of the case. I
believe that he has stated the facts in relation
to it.
There are more workmen engaged in this
business than I supposed there were. He says
that there are two thousand men employed in
Ohio in this business of getting out these stones.
It is a very heavy, large business. Some rev-
enue would be derived from this duty should
it be levied, and as they believe some protec-
tion would be given to the business and it
would continue these laborers in their employ-
ment. If it would have that effect I think it
would be well to adopt it. I do not believe
anybody will be hurt by it. I think the reason-
ing of this gentleman to show that it would
not ei hance the price of these stones, either
in the eastern or* western market, is good.
They can produce them in Nova Scotia very
much Gheaper than we can, and then they
