1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
m
Save no other interest than that which is felt
by every class of the community, because they
are neither great producers nor great con-
sumers of lumber; but from my acquaintance
with the subject, and from the acquaintance
with the subject which my constituents have
who deal in it, and who do not particularly
care, so far as they are concerned, what the
duty may be, except to have it best for the
country, in this view I have proposed this
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As Iunderstand, white-
wood is a very cheap wood. It is used a great
deal for linings for furniture and one tiling or
another of that sort. I suppose the next move
will be, after raising that from the lower class,
to put up the duty on furniture, because it
costs so much more for whitewood that the
furniture will cost more. Pine is considered
the most valuable lumber; and in this, as in
other tariffs, has been placed in a higher scale
than other kinds of wood of that description.
I think it operates a little differently up there
in Vermont, where the Senator lives, from the
duty on animals. They have got animals
enough, but they have not got pine enough, and
"for the benefit of the American laborer"
they would like to get pine a little cheaper from
the Provinces. I cannot account in any other
way for the fact that the Senator wants to
change the present classification, which is the
proper one, as I believe. The Senate will do
as it pleases about it. I believe my friends up
in Michigan feel a little interest iu this matter
with regard to the duty on pine and the trans-
fer of it lo the two-dollar instead of the one-
dollar schedule. Heave the question, therefore,
to the honorable Senator from Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Secretary to
read the amendment again.
The Secretary read the amendment:
Mr. FESSENDEN". I will suggest in addi-
tion, before the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan goes ou, that as this is to be a matter of
valuation we do not know what kind of lumber
will come in under the valuation of ten dol-
lars a thousand feet.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the amendment
will not be made if pine is put in, I under-
stood the Senator from Vermont to say that he
proposed to put whitewood at two dollars a
thousand of a certain quality ; but I object to
inserting pine. I hope the amendment will
not be made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say one word
in reply to my friend from Maine, who suggests
the ditiieulty as to valuation. I have discov-
ered the secret of making this classification by
valuations from the committee itself. In the
ease of oil paintings, which I take it is quite
as difficult to classify in respect to valuation
as lumber, they take exactly that rule ; that is,
upon pictures valued at not exceeding a cer-
tain sum they place a certain tax; and upon
pictures valued exceeding that sum a certain
other tax ; and I tliink that is not an unusual
or improper proceeding. The committee did
right in that respect; but having doue right in
that respect, I am sorry to see them turn around
and object to a similar proposition based upon
the same principle upon the mere ground that
it will be difficult to ascertain the classification
between one kind and another.
Now, it is well known to the customs officers
in the United States, in every port into which
lumber is introduced, that there is practically
a classification now by value, although there is
a simple acl valorem duty; and the first thing
that the inspector of lumber does is to see that
the lumber is properly classified into the as-
sortments that are sold in the market under
one head or another. That classification having
been made, then the duty of twenty per cent.,
as the present law is, is imposed upon it. There
is no practical difficulty whatever among prac-
tical men in reaching a classification of that
description.
Mr. CHANDLER. This valuation of course
will be the Canadian valuation. If you come
to a classification it will be open for very great
fraud. Lumber, as is well known, all costs
about the same, and it is then graded for manu-
facture. Somewhere about one fifth is clear
lumber; another portion of it middling clear;
another common; another culls. It is shipped
usually altogether, and sold altogether, and
then assorted by the purchaser, and he fixes
its different grades of valuation. The common-
est pine lumber is worth in our markets much
more than the price fixed in this amendment;
but with the Canadian valuation, and with the
opportunities for fraud, I am satisfied that this
amendment will work injury to the lumber
interest. I hope that it will not be adopted in
this present form. I should be iu favor of put-
ting whitewood of a certain quality into the
higher list, but not of putting pine in a lower
one.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I think there cannot be
any practical difficulty whatever in distinguish-
ing between lumber at ten dollars and lumber
valued at over ten dollars. I know there is no
practical difficulty when you go to buy it.
There are but few kinds of lumber that will
come in under the reduced duty. The lowest-
priced article sold in the Chicago market is
now selling at twenty-one and twenty-two dol-
lars per thousand; and that is only fencing lum-
ber, joists, scantling, and small timber. There
is none except tliat which is selling in the Chi-
cago market at less than thirty dollars and
from that to sixty dollars per thousand. There
is not, and cannot be. any practical difficulty
whatever in making the distinction between
lumber worth ten dollars and lumber worth
more than ten dollars; and the adoption of
this amendment will have a tendency to reduce
the price of the lower grades of lumber that
enter into the fencing of the West, that every
man living in the West is interested iu having
reduced. I had occasion to say the other day,
in a few remarks on this subject, that we used
pine boards in fencing our prairies. It is an
absolute necessary for us; and it does seem to
me strange that we insist upon placing duties
upon articles that are thus of prime necessity
to men living in our western States at least.
Mr. WILSON. Did you vote to raise the
duty on wheat?
Mr. KTRKWOOD. Certainly I did.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Canadian wheat is not a
necessity.
Mr. WILSON. Tt is a raw material.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. We can raise all the
wheat in this country that we consume, and do
raise all that is necessary for the consumption
of our country and a large surplus besides.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then why do you want
a duty of forty cents on it?
Mr. KIRKWOOD. To prevent that of Can-
ada coming into competition with ours. I am
told, I do not know how truly, that the extent
of pine forests in this country is not very large.
Wc have some in Michigan, some in Wiscon-
sin, some in Maine, poihaps some upon the
upper waters of the Susquehanna river. It is
not an inexhaustible supply. Wo were talking
about taxing coal the other day, of which wc
have an inexhaustible supply, a supply that
will last for ecnturies, and gentlemen wore un-
willing to put a tax upon that to develop that
which we had in inexhaustible quantities. The
quantities of lumber we have are far from be-
ing inexhaustible. They are small compared
with the demands of the country ; and it does
not seem to me to be wisdom to follow such a
plan as will exhaust our own forests and com-
pel us to rely in the future entirely upon the
forests of Canada.
We have then, I think, two objects to secure
by this proposition: to get the lower grades
of lumber, the very commonest kinds of lum-
ber, such as are absolutely essential for the
development of the prairie country at a low
price, and at the same time save to some extent
our own forests for future use.
Mr. IIOWE. There is 110 practical difficulty
in fixing the valuation of lumber, especially if
you leave the Canadian manufacturer to do it.
The practical effect will bo that all pine lumber
manufactured in Canada will be valued at less
than ten dollars, and will come in at one dollar
duty under the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Vermont. Now, one of the great
inducements held out to induce the country to
repeal the- reciprocity treaty was that Canadian
lumber was coming in competition with ours.
Carrying out the promise of greater protection
to our lumber interest, it is now proposed to
admit all piue lumber from Canada at one
dollar a thousand. That is practically the
proposition. That will be the practical effect
of it. That docs not begin to pay the differ-
ence between the cost ot manufacture in this
country and the cost of manufacture on the
other side of the line.
The internal duties that our lumbermen
have to pay on their machinery, and the in-
direct taxes they have to pay, will more than
eat up the two dollars that is provided for by
the bill as it now stands, and this duty is there-
fore very light, and I can hardly believe the
Senate will be prepared to reduce it, notwith-
standing, I suppose, there are but very few of
the Senate whose constituents are directly in-
terested in this manufacture. That is true of
a great many other manufactures that we have
endeavored to take care of in this bill. If
one article so important as this, the manufac-
ture of which amounts to about one hundred
million dollars annually, is selected out and
made a burnt-offering, as it were, for all the
rest, it docs not look to me like equal justice,
and I hope the Senate will not agree to it.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now propose another
amendment on the subject of lumber, which I
trust will meet the approbation even of the
committee. It is on page 93, section sixteen,
line nine, to strike out "spruce, whitewood,
and basswood;" so that that clause will read:
On sawed boards, plank, deals, and other lumber
of hemlock, 011c dollar per thousand toet, board
measuro.
And after line ten to insert the following:
On spruce and basswood, SI 50 per thousand foot,
board measure.
On pine, whitewood, ash, and oak, two dollars por
thousand feet, board measure.
On black walnut, '6:1 50 per thousand feot, board
measure.
The classification which I have proposed in
this amendment is suggested to me by a gen-
tleman engaged in importing lumber, and I
think the committee will agree that it increases
on the higher-priced anil more valuable de-
scriptions of lumber somewhat the rate. The
interest of this gentleman, if he has any to in-
jure his country, would be in the opposite di-
rection ; and so far as my knowledge goes—I
admit it is not equal to that of the committee
on the subject of lumber or anything else—it
is a classification which is much more appro-
priate than the one proposed by the committee.
It leaves hemlock lumber just as it stands.
Certainly on the northern frontier spruce
lumber anil basswood bear a much higher rate
of value than hemlock does, and therefore it
is jus' that tliev should pay a somewhat higher
rate of duty. Then pine is left by this amend-
ment just as it stands now. Whitewood is put
with pine. That subject has already been dis-
cussed sufficiently. Ash and oak are also put
with pine, and there is no change on those,
because under the present amendment of the
committee they come in under the head of
"other varieties of lumber ''' at the same rate
of two dollars per thousand, while black wal-
nut, which is a much more costly article, and
also one of a higher degree of luxury, so to
speak, is put at half a dollar a thousand feet
more. Tt does seem to me, if you look at it
candidly and with a reasonable desire to class-
ify it correctly, that these classifications ought
to be satisfactory to the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 hope the amendment
will not be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion, and declared that the ayes appeared to
have it.
