874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us have a division.
This duty is as low as it ought .to be. "
Mr. EDMUNDS. This amendment makes
it higher for the higher-priced lumber.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have got on the
importer's side now, and I shall make the same
objection to that that I did to the other.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment. We cannot get a
quorum in any other way, it seems.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Since the yeas and nays
are called for on this amendment I desire to
say a word or two about it. There is very little
difference between the proposition made by the
Senator from Vermont and the proposition con-
tained in the bill. My own individual interest,
the interest of the people of my State, is against
this -proposition. The State of Ohio, of course,
uses a considerable amount of lumber. Fifty
years ago the whole of the State was a'n im-
mense forest, with scarcely a plain or an open-
ing ; but now most of the lumber used in the
State of Ohio is imported from Michigan.
This change has all been effected in fifty
years. We import a great deal from Canada,
and therefore the interest of our people is to
have cheaper lumber; but at the same time it
•will be seen that the duty on lumber is lower
than on any other article in the whole tariff
list. The rate proposed by the Senator from
Yerm'ont, to my knowledge, will not exceed
five per cent. I do not think it is five per cent.
The rate proposed on walnut is $2 50 a thou-
sand, and the market price ranges from thirty-
five to fifty dollars a thousand; sometimes
seventy-five dollars a thousand. So on ordi-
nary sawed lumber. Clear pine is worth even
in Detroit from thirty-five to sixty-five dollars a
thousand. It seems to me two dollars a thou-
sand is a very small rate of duty. Although I am
perfectly willing to vote for the bill as reported
from the committee, yet it seems to me there is
so little difference between it and this classifi-
cation of duty that I feel disposed to vote for it,
and perhaps the chairman will be willing to
let it go, because the classification is much
better. The division into three or four classes
is just to correspond to the difference in the
value of the various kinds of lumber. I could
not understand the proposition made by the
Senator a little while ago to put a duty on
lumber that is worth less than ten dollars a
thousand, because I do not know that lumber
of any kind can be bought for ten dollars a
thousand. With us on the border, right near
the market, the coarsest quality of lumber,
even slab lumber, would be worth ten dollars
a thousand, and that proposition would not
apply to any lumber; _ but as this amendment
is now drawn 1 think it makes a fair discrimi-
nation, and makes a rate of duty not to exceed
five per cent. That is certainly not too much.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment as
offered does not describe it as sawed lumber at
all. It simply means lumber.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; you are mistaken
about that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
it read again.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It preserves the first
branch of the elausc as it stands, and then fol-
lows right on.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How would it read?
Ihe Secretary. The first branch of the
amendment is to strike out the words " spruce,
whitewood, and basswood ;'' so that the clause
will read:
On sawed boards, plank, deal, and other lumber of
hemlock, one dollar per thousand feet, board meas-
ure.
And after line ten to insert:
On spruce and basswood, 81 50 per thousand feet
board measure. '
On pine, whitewood, ash, and oak, two dollars Der
thousand feet, board measure.
On black walnut, $2 50 per thousand feet, hoard
measure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
it described as sawed lumber throughout, so
that there shall be no mistake.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
that. Following in the same classification, I
thought that the words "sawed," &c., would
apply to them. If the Senator from Maine
has any doubt about that, I will modify the
amendment by adding before each one of these
subsequent clauses, " on sawed boards, plank,
deal, of pine, of spruce, and basswood," so
as to attach that description to each one of the
classifications. It did not appear to me that
it would be open to this construction as it stood.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the Senator feave
in the proviso ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, certainly; the pro-
viso attaches to all other varieties of lumber.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The proviso attaches
to lumber of every sort.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly; Heave it just
as it stands, applying to everything.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
the whole read as it will stand, if amended.
The Secretary read as follows:
On sawed boards, plank, deals, and other lumber
of spruce and basswood, $1 50 per thousand feet,
board measure.
On sawed boards, plank, deals, and other lumber
of pine, whitewood, ash, and oak, two dollars per
thousand feet, board measure.
On sawed boards, plank, deals, and other lumber
of black walnut, $2 50perthousandfeet,board meas-
ure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The next lines "on all
other varieties of lumber" should be retained.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My motion does not apply
to the succeeding part. That stands just as it
now reads.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will call the roll on the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If there is no real objec-
tion to the amendment', I will ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to withdraw the
call for the yeas and navs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to the withdrawal of the call?
Mr. FESSENDEN. All I can say is this:
I suppose this proposition would suit my con-
stituents ; it raises the price of lumber, and
I live in a lumber State; but the bill as it
stands was discussed and considered and finally
adopted in the committee, and I feel disposed
to act with regard to this clause in good faith
as I have upon all other matters upon which
the committee agreed, and not to change my
position simply because it happens to apply to
my own State particularly in this instance. I
am obliged, I find, to contend against members
of the committee, as well as other gentlemen,
and I am pretty much tired of the whole thing.
Mr. SHERMAN. There was no occasion
for the last remark of the Senator from Maine.
I will do in regard to this matter as I think
right. I never committed myself to vote for
this particular clause; on the contrary, I ex-
pressly disclaimed it in committee, and said
that if necessary I should move to increase the
duty on lumber ; and it is unnecessary for the
Senator to make such remarks here to me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no recollection
of anything .of that sort.
Mr. SHERMAN. I stated it in committee,
and I slate it now; and even if it were not so,
I did not propose to bind myself to adhere in
all cases to the action of the committee, not by
any means. Where I think they are right I
adopt the suggestions made in debate, and
shall do so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is at lib-
erty, unquestionably, to do just as he pleases;
I do not dispute his perfect right to do it; but
it makes it very difficult for me as chairman of
the committee to bring in a bill here, upon all
the items'of which the committee have agreed,
with perhaps one or two exceptions where
notice was given in committee of a disagree-
ment, and not only be obliged to meet gentle-
men on the different sides of the Senate, who
have their particular objects to accomplish with
regard to particular things, but while I most
adhere to it, as chairman of the committee,
representing the committee in all cases, to
have the different members of the committee
at perfect liberty to vary just as they think
proper to be right, after the matter has been
decided, and leave me to stand alone to defend
the action of the .committee, and see if I can
get the bill through. While I do not dispute
the right of Senators to do so, I say it makes
it pretty difficult for the chairman. I think
the chairman has a right, ordinarily, to the
aid of the members of the committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have only to say this
in respect to the committee, and it may as
well be said once for all: I entertain the high-
est respect for the ability, the fidelity, the faith-
fulness, and the courage of the committee;
but I do not think it right for the committee to
say that it is not perfectly right and just and
fair and fit for the Senate to make any sug-
gestions of amendment to the report of the
committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not complain at
all of the Senator or any other Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There ought to be no
feeling about it, because the committee are not
necessarily infallible. If the committee were,
we might as well dispense with the rest of the
Senate. I know it is sometimes said, "What
is the use of having a committee unless you
follow their report?" I reply by saying, what
is the use of having a Senate unless they can
review the report of the committee? I think
we had better all dismiss any feeling on this
subject, because this subject of basswood and
whitewood, and so on, is not a very exciting
subject, [laughter,] and proceed to consider
for a moment, with candor and without auy
feeling, the precise point which is under con-
sideration.
This classification leaves hemlock just as it
stood ; and we may dismiss that. It leaves
pine just where it stood. There is no occa-
sion to have any quarrel about that. It in-
creases the duty on spruce and basswood fifty
cents per thousand feet. Now, I assert (and
if I am incorrect I call upon the honorable
chairman of the committee to correct me) that
the market price, in every place where the two
articles are sold of spruce above hemlock is
greater than the difference which is here made.
It is a higher class lumber. It is used gen-
erally for different purposes : for floors, for
the finishing of the poorer classes of houses;
whereas hemlock is not generally. In addition
it may be said that many varieties of basswood
are used for the finer descriptions of carriage-
making ; also in some degree for interior fin-
ishing. It can therefore justly bear a higher
rate of duty. I am not speaking in the special
interest of my constituents when I venture to
make the suggestion, but in the interest of the
revenue and in the interest of the country.
There is no occasion, therefore, for any feeling
upon this subject at all.
With the consent of the Senate, in order to
expedite proceedings, 1 will withdraw my call
for the yeas and nays, in the hope that upon a
division, if one should be demanded, Senators
will vote one way or another so as to produce
a quorum.
Ihe PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to the withdrawal of the demand for
the yeas and navs ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would rather that
the vote should be taken by yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the question will be taken by yeas
and nays.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler. Cowan Ed-
munds Fowler, Frclin<rhuysen, Henderson, IIowc.
Morrill, Poland, Sherman, Sprague, Van Winkle,
Wade, and Willey—15.
NAV'S-^Iessrs. Brown, Buekalew, Conness, Cres-
wel . Davis, Fessendcn, Grimes, Hendricks, Johnson,
ly.i'kwood. MeDoufran, Norton, Ramsey, Trumbull,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—17.
,.ABSJKMI —Messrs. Anthony. Cragin, Dixon, Doo-
iittle, loss, Foster, Guthrie, Harris Howard, Lane,
Morgan, Nesmith STyo, Patterson, Pomcroy,Riddle,
Itoss, baulsbury, Stewart, pud Sumner—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
