1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1553
Mr. ROSS demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
I'he question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 57, nays 09, not voting
64: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Ancona. Baker, Benjamin,
1).. 1.1 3 .1 1 11 O! 1 ^->1 % * s-% i '
Hill, ilise, John il. Hubbard, James R. Hubbelll
Humphrey, Julian, Kerr, Koontx, Kuykendall, Wil-
par1s exposition.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the United States, transmitting the commu-
nication of Governor Fairchild, of Wisconsin,
with resolutions of the Wisconsin Legislature,
in reference to the Paris Exposition; which
was ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Afiairs.
Mr. Stevens's motion was then agreed to.
And thereupon (at ten o'clock and fifteen
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
Shellabarger, Sloan. Stokes, Nelson Taylor, John L.
Thomas, Trimble, Van Aernam, Andrew H. Ward,
Ilenry ]). Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Whaley,
James F. Wilson, and Stephen F. Wilson—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Barker, Baxter,
Bergen, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Broomall, Bundy,
Chnnlcr, Cobb, Conkling, Cooper, Cullom, Davis,
Dawes, Delree^, Dodge, Donnelly, Eliot, Ferry, Gar-
field, Gnnnell, Hale, Henderson, Hogan, Holmes,
Hooper, Chester 1). Ilubbard, Edwin N. Ilubbell,
Hutburd, Hunter, Jenckes. Kasson, Ketch am, Lafiin,
Latham, Longyear, Lynch, Marvin, MeClurg. Mc-
Ruer, Moorhead, Morris, Myers, Niblaek, O'Neill,
Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, Price,
Alexander II. Rice,Rollins, Sawyer,Schenck. Spald-
ing, Starr, Stevens, Tatar, Thayer, Francis Thomas,
Upson, William B. Washburn, Williams, Windom,
and \\ oodbridge—69.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Anderson, Arnell, Delos
R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Bea-
man. Blow, Boutwell, Brandegee. Bromwell, Reader
W. Clarke, Culver, Darling, Denison, Dixon, l>riggs,
Dumont, Eckley, Eggleston, Farnsworth, (xlossbren-
ner, Goodyear, Griswold, Harris, Hart, Higby, IJotch-
kiss, As ah el W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Inger-
soll, Jones, Kelly, Kelso, George V. Lawrence, Le
Blond, Loan, Marshall, Marston, McCallough Mc-
Indoe, Miller, Morrill, Mouiton, Phelps, Plants.
Kadtbrd, Raymond, John H. Rice, Rogers, Rous-
seau, Sitgreaves, Stilwell, Strouse, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Thornton, Trowbridge, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. ^ an Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner, Elihu
B. Washburne, Winfield, and Wright—&4.
So the House refused to strike out the enact-
ing clause of the bill.
The SPEAKER. By Rule 123 the bill is
recommitted to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union without further ac-
tion or debate.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of discharging the Committee
of the whole from the further consideration
of the bill, so that it may be brought into the
House for action.
Mr. SCOFIELD. A portion of the bill has
not yet been read in committee, and that por-
tion I have marked to strike out. I did not
intend to move to strike out any of these sur-
veys.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
iron-clad contractors.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
Mr. DELANO. I move to take up the mes-
sage from the Senate asking for a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill for the relief of iron-clad contractors,
and that the House agree to the conference
asked for.
There was no objection and the motion was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Sloan, Mr.
Delano, and Mr. McKee managers of said
conference on the part of the House.
tennessee agricultural college.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
moved to take from the Speaker's table the
amendment of the Senate to House bill No.
213, to extend the provisions of the act in
regard to agricultural colleges to the State of
Tennessee.
The motion was agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate was read as
follows:
Strike oat the following:
Provided, The grant of lands so made by the act
to which this refers and U amendatory shall be
held by the State of Tennessee subject to this condi-
tion : that no person shall ever be employed as a
professor or teacher in the said agricultural college
for the State of Tennessee who had ever held mil-
itary or civil office under the so-called confederate
fovernment, or under the rebel State government of
ennessee.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to concur.
The motion was agreed to.
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 98.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriatecommittecs:
By Mr. COBB : The petition of citizens of Point
Andrew, Richland county, Wisconsin, for improve-
ment of lines of communication between the Missis-
sippi valley and the Atlantic sea-board.
IJy Mr. 330GAN: The petition of sundry parties
and manufacturers of St. Louis, praying for general
reduction of manufacturer's tax.
By Mr. KELLY: The petition of the officers of the
Apprentices' Library Company, of Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, praying for the continuation of that
f>rovision of the law heretofore existing which al- ;
owed the importation duty free, of all books, maps, j!
&e., intended for public libraries, colleges, and other I
literary institutions. [[
Also, the petition of the trustees of theEnos Bap- 1
tist Colored Church of the city of Washington, Dis- !
trict of Columbia, praying Congress to grant by act
of appropriation, eertain lands lying in a triangular '
form or flat, containing about one-eighth of an acre, !
lying on Fourth street. South Carolina avenue, and ;
E street. Their present house of worship is a port-
able one, and owned by the congregation, and now
stands on ground which cannot be bought, and for i
which they are compelled to pay excessively high ;
rent, <fcc. ij
Also, the petition of the officers of Wagner Free I;
Institute of Science, praying the continuation of that
provision of the law heretofore existing, which al-
lowed the importation, duty free, of all books, maps,
<fec., intended for public libraries, colleges, and other
literary institutions.
By Mr. LYNCII The petition of George Gwynn,
of Portland, for relief.
By Mr. PAINE: The memorial of M. L. Fairser-
vice, of Wisconsin, for an amendment of the act of
March 3,1865, for the benefitof officers commissioned
before, bat mustered after that date.
Also, the memorial of the Legislature of Wiscon-
sin, for payment for arresting and keeping a certain
prisoner of the United States.
By Mr. WELKER: A petition and resolution of
Elyria Temple No. 93, of the Independent Order of
Good Templars, asking legal enactments rendering
any citizen addicted to nabitual use of alcoholic stim-
ulants ineligible to any elective or appointive office.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 19, 1807.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a memorial from
the Union League of Winchester, Virginia,
setting forth a resolution, unanimously adopted
by them, as follows:
"That the bill for the reorganization of civil gov-
ernment in the State of Louisiana, as introduced by
Hon. Thou as D. Eliot, of Massachusetts, and passed
by the House of Representatives, meets our earnest
approval, and we unite in requesting Congress to
extend similar terms of reconstruction to the State
of Virginia."
I ask that this memorial lie upon the table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of the re-
moval of the Chippewa Indians to their own
lands; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of a grant of
land to aid in the construction of the Green
Bay and Lake Pepin railroad in Wisconsin ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of an appropria-
tion for the improvement of the navigation of
the Minnesota river ; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of the establish-
ment of a mail route from Geneva to Freeborn,
in that State ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of the establish-
ment of a mail route from Richmond to Chip-
pewa, in that State, via Lake George, Big
Grove, Grove Lake, White Bean Lake, Reno
City, and Homes City; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. SUMNER. I present another petition,
which I have received since I was on the floor
a few moments ago, from colored citizens of the
District of Columbia, and late soldiers of the
Union army, in which they ask Congress to see
that the colored regiments of the regular Army
are officered by colored men who did good
service and distinguished themselves in the
war for the suppression of the rebellion. They
add that they do this because they think Con-
gress are their true friends and will po longer
countenance any difference on account of race
or color. I move the reference of this petition
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a petition of cit-
izens of Idaho Territory, praying that troops
may be sent to that Territory to protect the
citizens from Indian depredations, and that a
superintendent of Indian affairs may be ap-
pointed other than the Governor of that Terri-
tory, and recommending Edward W. Taylor
for that position ; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. POMEROY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Kansas, directing the Governor
of that State to turn the State arms now at
Topeka over to the General Government and
to discontinue the use of the building now used
as the State arsenal, and in favor of transport-
ation for the said arms being furnished by the
Government; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer another petition,
which I have received also since I was on my
feet before, from the Southern Republican
Association, whose place of meeting is in
Washington. The petition contains a resolu-
lution, adopted unanimously, as follows:
That in any action by the Congress of the United
States touching the condition of the States lately in
rebellion it is essentially necessary to the protection
of the lives and property of loyal men, and to the
creation of loyal governments in thoso States, that
the present existing government^® abolished, loyal
men of all races be enfranchised, and at least a por-
tion of the rebels disfranchised, and the organizing
of legitimate State governments confided to loyal
hands.
We therefore respectfully but earnestly ask Con-
gress to applythcbill known as the " Louisiana bill,"
reported by Mr. Eliot, of the House of Representa-
tives, to all the insurrectionary States not now '•epre-
sented in Congress, and wo disapprove the bill now
pending before the House of Representatives known
as the " military bill," as it passed the Senate of the
United States.
THOMAS A. DURANT, President.
D. n. Bingham, Secretary.
As this whole question is now before the
Senate, I ask that the petition lie upon the
table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL pre^nted a petition of
citizens of McLean county, Illinois, praying
for the repeal of the law now in force requir-
ing a reduction of $4,000,000 per month from
the circulation of United States Treasury
notes; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. ROSS presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Kansas, in favor of a pension
being granted to Eliza Drake, whose son, her
only support, was killed by the Indians while
in the discharge of his duty as a private in
company E, sixteenth regiment Kansas volun-
teer cavalry; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Michael Hennesey,
praying for a ponsion, on the flies of tho Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
