1554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chiet'Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill of the Sen-
ate (S. No. 453) regulating the tenure of cer-
tain civil offices.
house bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles and referred as indicated below.
A bill (H. R. No. 2) to amend the act de-
claring the officer who shall act as President
of the United States in case of vacancies in
the office both of President and Vice Presi-
dent, approved March 1, 1792—to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
A bill (H. R. No. G07) to amend an act
granting the right of way over the military
reserve at Fort Gratiot, Michigan—to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
A bill (H. R. No. 1062) relative to the port
of Camden, New Jersey—to the Committee
on Commerce. j
A bill (H. R. No. 11G7) to authorize entry !
and clearance of vessels at the ports of Booth-
bay and St. George, Maine—-to the Committee
on Commerce.
national capital insurance company.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House (H. R. No. 234)
to incorporate the National Capital Insurance
Company, disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives, and
On motion by Mr. MORRILL, it was
Retolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the bill disagreed to by the House of Rep-
resentatives and agree to the conference asked by the
House on the disagreeing of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate bo appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Morrill, Mr. Henderson, and Mr. Pat-
terson.
report of a committee.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 710) to pay and discharge certain debts and
expenditures to the corporation of the city of
Washington, reported it without amendment.
bill introduced.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 178) in relation to national
banking associations; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
minister to portugal.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicatoto the Senate, if in his
opinion not inconsistent with the public interest, any
correspondence betweon the Department of State
and the minister-resident of the United States at
Portugal, with reference to his salary or compensa-
tion; and also to inform the Senate if such minister
has received any salaw <?r compensation on account
of service in his office since the act of Congress of
July 25,1866, and if so, out of what fund it has been
paid.
bills become laws.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. W. G. Moore, his Secretary,
announced that he had approved and signed on
the 18th inst., the following bills and joint
resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 435) for the relief of Alex-
ander F. Pratt;
A bill (S. No. 491) amendatory of the sev-
eral acts respecting copyrights;
A bill fS. No. 506) to authorize the trustees
of the Foundry Methodist Episcopal Church
to sell and convey square No. 235 in the city
of Washington;
A bill (S. No. 52-3) supplementary to an act
to prevent smuggling and for other pur-
poses, approved July 18, I860;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 99) forthe relief
! of Paul S. Forbes under his contract with the
: Navy Department for building and furnishing
the steam screw sloop-of-war Idaho;
Ajoint resolution (S. II. No. 1461fortherelief
of Charles Clark, marshal of the United States
for the district of Maine;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 157) in relation
to ocean mail service between San Francisco,
in California, and Portland, in Oregon; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 163) to provide
in certain cases, for the removal of alcohol
from bonded warehouses free from internal
tax.
land titles in santa clara.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the consent of the
Senate at this time to take up the bill received
from the House of Representatives last even-
ing and laid on the table on my motion. It is
House bill No. 878, to quiet title to land in the
town of Santa Clara in the State of California.
Mr. SL'MNER. I should like to ask if that
bill will probably take much time.
Mr. CONNESS. It will not. If it does I
shall not press its consideration now. The
Committee on Public Lands have agreed upon
it. It is a matter of importance to my State,
but will excite no discussion.
Mr. SUMNER. The only reason I ask the
question is that there is a bill of immense politi-
cal urgency, the Louisiana bill, which I think
the Senate ought to act upon at once.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill will take no time.
It has received the concurrence of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will not shake the gory locks of
the Louisiana bill at everything that comes up
here. It is a very formidable measure, we
know. We may take hold of it directly.
The motion of Mr. Conxess was agreed to;
and the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 878)
to quiet title to land in the town of Santa Clara,
in the State of California. It proposes to relin-
quish and grant all the right and title of the
United States to the land situated within the
corporate limits of the town of Santa Clara, in
the State of California, as defined in the act of
the Legislature of that State incorporating the
town, to the corporate authorities of the town
and their successors, in trust, for and with
authority to convey so much of the land as is
in the bona fide occupancy of parties upon the
passage of this act, by themselves or tenants,
to such parties ; but this grant is not to extend
to any reservation of the United States, nor to
prejudice any valid adverse right or claim, if
such exist, to the land or any part of it, nor
preclude a judicial examination and adjustment
of it.
Mr. CONNESS. I will simply say that this
is a town of eighteen years of age in our State,
the title to which is still in an unsettled condi-
tion. I have an amendment to offer which
proposes to apply the provisions to two other
of our towns in the same condition. The
Committee on Public Lands of this body, as I
have said, have considered the matter, and I
suppose it will excite no discussion. My
amendment is in line five after " Santa Clara"
to insert "Petaluma and Placerville," and also
to strike out the word " town'- wherever it oc-
curs in the bill and to insert the word '' towns.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Hie bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. It was
read the third time, and passed; and its title
vyas amended so as to read: "A bill to quiet
title to land in the towns of Santa Clara, Peta-
luma, and Plaeerville, in the State of Califor-
nia."
pilot laws.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask the consent of the
Senate to take up a bill of a single section,
which will occupy but a few moments, in rela-
tion to pilots, ft is Senate bill No. 467.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 467) to amend the act entitled
''An act further to provide for the safety of
the lives of passengers on board of vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam, to regulate
the salaries of steamboat inspectors, and for
other purposes," approved July 25, 1806.
The bill proposes to amend section nine of
the act entitled " An act to amend the act en-
titled ' An act further to provide for the safety
of the lives of passengers on board of vessels
propelled in whole or in part by steam, to reg-
ulate the salaries of steamboat inspectors, and
for other purposes,' " approved July 25, 1866 ;
so as to read as follows :
Sec. 9 And be it further enacted. That all vessels
navigating the bays, inlets,rivers, harbors, and other
waters of the United States, except vessels subject to
thejurisdiction of aforeign Powerand engaged in for-
eign trade, and not owned in whole or m part by a
citizen of the United States, shall be subject to the
na\igation laws of the United States ; and all vessels
propelled in whole or in part by steam, and navigat-
ing as aforesaid, shall also be subject to ail rules and
regulations consistent therewith, established for the
government of steam vessels in passing, as provided
in the twenty-ninth section of an act relating to
steam vessels, approved the 30th day of August,
1852. And every sea-going steam vessel now subject
or hereby made subject to thonavigation laws of tha
United States,andto the rules and regulations afore-
said; shall, when under way, except upon the high
seas, be under the control and direction of pilots
licensed by the inspectors of st«am vessels, vessels
of other countries and public vessels of the United
States only excepted : Provided, however, That noth-
ing in this act, or in the act to which it is amendatory,
shall be construed to annul or affect any regulation
established by the existing law of any State requir-
ing vessels entering or leaving a port in such State to
take a pilot duly licensed or authorized by tho laws
of such State, or of a State situate upon the waters
of the same port.
Mr. MORGAN. This bill reenacts the ninth
section of the act of last year. The only new
provision in it is contained in the proviso at '
the end of the bill exempting from the provis-
ions of the act of last year such States as have
pilot laws already that are satisfactory. The
bill has received the unanimous approbation
of the Committee on Commerce, and there ia
a written report accompanying it, but unless
its reading is called for by some Senator I will
not ask to have it read. I believe there is no
objection to the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
lieutenant joseph p. fyffe.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to consider the bill (H. R. No. 140)
to restore Lieutenant Joseph P. Fyffe to his
grade in active service of the Navy, which has
been reported favorably by the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill, which authorizes the Presi-
dent of the United States to nominate, and
with the advice and consent of the Senate to
appoint. Lieutenant Joseph P. Fyffe to ths
active list of the Navy, and to restore'him to
the rank to which he may be entitled thereon.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had disagreed to the amendment
of the Senate to the bill of the House (H. E.
No. 1143) to provide for the more efficient gov-
ernment of the insurrectionary States, asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Thaddecs Stevens of Pennsylvania, Mr. Sam-
uel Siiellabarger of Ohio, and Mr. Jame9
G. Blaine of Maine, managers at the same on
its part.
lieutenant commander s. l. breese.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senate to
take up a little joint resolution, similar to the
bill which has just passed, of the same nature
precisely, and which was considered by the
