1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lis
thorized person; so that we may knowwhat
basis there is for these claims of the city against
the Government. Let us have a final settle-
ment and commence the account anew.
For that reason I am opposed to voting these
large sums of money without any explanation
of what they are paid for or to whom they are
to be paid. "
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not wish to be
understood as vouching for the correctness of
the particular estimate under consideration.
I only desired to have the law read that mem-
bers might understand the "relations that the
Government of the United States bears to the
city government in reference to these improve-
ments. I am as much opposed as anybody
upon this floor to the passage of any claim,
come , from whatever source it may, that has
not been carefully considered by the proper
committee, whether it comes from the District
of Columbia or from any other section of the
country.
• Now, in response to my friend from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr Dawes,] who assumes that I am
responsible for the morals of this city, I have
this to say: that I protest against being held
responsible for the morals of the city of Wash-
ington while Congress is in session. [Laugh-
ter. ] During the recess I have no objection to
taking that responsibility. ■;
Mr. DELANO. Prior to 1&64 there was no
law regulating the manner of dividing the ex-
pense of improving the city between the prop-
erty of the Government and the property of
individuals, and up to that time there was al-
ways a large claim against the Government for
its proportion of the expense of those improve-
ments. That claim has been alluded to by the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Sloan.] It
was presented to the Comi&it.tee of Claims last
session, and after being largely reduced, a bill
was reported in favor of what the committee
was willing to allow, and that bill is now pend-
ing.
Now, under the law of 1864, there is a rule
by which these expenses shall be apportioned,
but whether this proposed appropriation covers
those old claims I do not know.
Mr. SPALDING. My supposition is that
this includes the-very claim to which the gen-
tlpttljin ratpr<!
Mr. DELANO. Well, if that is so, how
improper it is for us to act on it; and it was
because I saw that under the vagueness of this
appropriation it might be made to accomplish
that that I directed the attention of the House
to the'law on this subject.
Now, sir, the old claim ought to stand upon
its own merits. Notwithstanding a portion of
the claim has received the sanction of a com-
mittee, still it deserves the further examination
and attention of the House before it is adopted.
It ought not to be provided for in this bill
without the House investigating it.
I think that subsequent claims for the im-
provement of the streets and avenues of Wash-
ington which are made against the Govern-
ment ought to be thoroughly scrutinized by the
Committee for the District of Columbia so that
the House may act intelligently when it is called
to pass upon those claims; I mean such claims
as shall arise under the law of 1864. In the
present form of this proposed appropriation,
when it is not certain whether it is for the old
claims that are yet to be acted upon by the
House or for new claims, it seems to me it
should not be made without some further exam-
ination.
Mr. SLOAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. DELANO. Certainly.
Mr. SLOAN. I would ask the gentleman if
the items as read from the report are the items
which were included in the claims upon which
the Committee of Claims acted during the last
session? My impression is that the sewer on
Fourteenth street and the work on Pennsyl-
vania avenue in the one are the same as^ji the
other.
Mr. DELANO. That would be my impres-
sion. I listened, or triod to listen, when the
itemS- were read, butl could not feel sufficiently
certain about it to assert the fact. There was
a large item for sewerage in the claim, but
whether it was for this particular sewerage I
am unable to say.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say a word or
two upon this subject. Last year we had some
considerable difficulty about work done some
twenty years ago, under an old law by which
the Government took back certain land that
had been granted to the city. The claim was
at first rejected, but finally the sum agreed upon
was paid.
The act of 1864 was passed; under that act
this work was done. The Government has
agreed to pay for the work according to its
proportion of the property that is affected by it.
Our Commissioner of Public Buildings was
charged with the examination of the claim, and
this appropriation is to enable him to pay it.
It may be that this allowance is too large. I
am entirely willing that it should be examined.
And I like the suggestion of the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Sloan] that some committee
should take up and finally settle the accounts
between the Government and the cityof Wash-
ington. And in the hope that such a motion
will be made by some gentleman, I shall not
ask for a separate vote on this amendment,
but allow the vote to be taken upon all the
amendments together, unless some gentleman
desire to have a separate vote on some one or
more of them.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I desire a separate vote
of the Hoase upon the amendment striking out
the appropriation for the Marine Hospital at
Louisville, Kentucky. It is true that at the
last session Congress ordered certain hospitals
to be sold. But the one at Louisville has not
been sold, and I am assured that the appropri-
ation here asked for is necessary in order to
enable the Government to derive advantage
from the use of that hospital. It is an import-
ant one, and I trust the amendment of the Com-
mittee of the Whole will not be concurred in.
Mr. SPALDING. I will ask for a separate
vote upon concurring in the amendment strik-
ing out the appropriation for Washington city.
Mr. STEVENS. I now call the previous
question on the bill and pending amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The first amendment, upon which Mr. Rous-
seau asked for a separate vote, was to strike
out the following:
For rendering tho Marine Hospital at Louisville,
Kentucky, habitable, §10,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to say a few words as to my reasons for mov-
ing in Committee of the Whole to strike out
this clause.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
having been seconded, and the main question
ordered, no debate is now in order except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I object to any further
debate.
The question was then taken upon concur-
ring in the amendment made in Committee of
the Whole ; and upon a division there were—
ayes 52, noes 45.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ROUSSEAU called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Rousseau and
Mr. Washbubxe, of Illinois, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
aeported that there were—ayes 56, noes 54.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ROUSSEAU called for the yeas and
nays.'
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken : and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 55, not voting,
56 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, .Tames M.
Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Bingham,
Blow, Brrmdegee, Broomall, Reader W. Clarke,
Cobb, Conkling, Cullom, Barling, Dawes, Delano,
Doming, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley,
Eliot, Farquhar, Garfield, Grinnell, Hale, Abner C.
Harding, Henderson, Higby, Hill, Holmes. Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Deutas Hubbard, Hulburd, IngersoII,
Julian, Kolloy, Kelso, Koontz, Goorgo V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Loan, Marvin, McGinns, Stiller.
Morrill, MonVton, Myers, O^Neili, Orth, Paine, Per*
, Stokes, Thayer, Trowbridge, TJpsi _ _
Aernam, Hamilton Word, Elihu B. Wa.--hburne,
William. B. Washburn, Wentworth, JamesI'.'Wilscm,
Windom, and Woodbridge—80. .
NATS—Messrs. Aneona, Anderson, Bergen; Bid-
well, Blaine Boyer, Buekland, Campbell, Chaiter,
Cooper, Dawson, Defrees, Denison, Eldridge, Finefe,
Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Griswold, Aaron Har-
ding, Hawkins, Hise, Hogan, John H. Hubbard,
Edwm N. iiiibbcll, James It. llubbell, Hunter,
Jenckes, Kerr. Ketgham, Latham, Le T" "
shall. McOutioiigh, McKee, ficRuer,
olson, Nor!], Pomeroy, Sanmef J. Xtaridai!, William
H. Randall, Bitter, Rogers,' Koss, Rousseau, Shank-
lin, Sitgreaves,, Spalding, Stilwell, Taber, Nelson
Taylor, Francis Thomas, John h- Thomas, Thornton,
and Trimble-*55. - ' ' '
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Delos R. Ashley,
Barker, Beaman, Benjamin, Boutwell, Broaiweli,
Bundy, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Culver, Davis, Duniont,
Eggleston, Farnsworth, Ferry, Harris, Hart, Hayes,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D.Hubbard, Humphrey,
Johnson, Jones, Kasson, Kuykendall-, Jjaflin, Left-
wich, Longyear,LyncH,Marston,Maynarq,McIndoe,
Mcrcur. Morris. Newell, Patterson. Phelps. Kadford,
John H. Riee, Schenek, Starr, Stroti.se, Nathaniel Gf,
Taylor, Burt Van Horu, Robert T. Van .Horn, An-
drew H. Ward, Warner, Henry D. Washburn,
W elker, Whaley, Williams, Stephen Wilson,
Win field, and Wright—5f>.
So the amendment of the Committee of the
Whole was concurred in.
The SPEAKER. The next question is upon
the amendment striking out the appropriation
for work done by the corporation of Washing-
ton city. On this amendment the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] has demanded a
separate vote.
The amendment was read as follows:
Strike out lines fifty-two to fifty-eight, inclusive, as
follows:
For a deficiency of work done, or being done by the
corporation of Washington city,in frontof and across
Government property, under act of May 5,1864, as
per estimate of city surveyor in letter to tho mayor
of said city, accompanying estimate of Commissioner
of Public Buildings, $170,887.
Mr. SPALDING. I understand that the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
[Mr. Stevens] consents to the striking out of
this item. I therefore withdraw my demand
for a separate vote.
The SPEAKER, The question, then, is
upon concurring in this and the remaining
amendments reported from the Committee ot
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The amendments were concurred in.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
president's message.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union and proceed to the consideration
of the President's annual message.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the State of the Union, (Mr.
Ashley, of Ohio, in the chair,) and proceeded
to the consideration of the President's annual
message, ou which Mr. Wentworth was entitled
to the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. In the absence of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wentworth,]
who is entitled to the floor, the Chair recog-
nizes the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Ward.]
Mr. WARD, of New York. Mr. Chairman,
the country has spoken; the popular verdict
stands recorded in the recent elections; and the
Thirty-Ninth Congress reassembles strength-
ened, encouraged, and instructed by the great
tribunal to which it appealed, the loyal people
of the United States.
Great admonitions flow from this result, The
President is admonished that hig "ppliey" of
reconstruction is nqt indorsed by the people
who put down the rebellion and saved tho
