1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1555
committee at the same time. It will take no
time to dispose of it. It is to restore another '
lieutenant to the active list of the Navy, and
was reported along with the bill which has just
been acted upon. It is House joint resolution
No. 210.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I appeal to the Senator
from Indiana to allow me to make a motion
with regard to the military government bill
which has just been returned from the House
of Representatives.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This will only take a .
minute.
The motion of Mr. Hendricks was agreed
to; and the Senate, as in Committee of the
Whole, proceeded to consider the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 216) for the restoration of
Lieutenant Commander S. L. Breese, United
States Navy, to the active list from the retired
list. It authorizes the President of the United
States to nominate, and by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate to appoint, Lieuten-
ant Commander S. L. Breese to the active list
of the Navy, with the rank to which he may be
entitled thereon.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire simply to say, lest
it might be supposed that I was in favor of the
passage of this resolution by my saying noth-
ing, that it does not meet my approval.
The join* resolution was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
message from the house. !
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee on conference on the disagreeing ;
votes of the two Houses on the bill of the
House (H. R. No. 356) fixing the compensa-
tion for the bailiffs and criers of the courts of
the District of Columbia; and that the House
had also agreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill of the House (H. R. No. 1099) !
providing for the election of a Congressional
Printer.
The message further announced that Mr. R.
C. Schenck, of Ohio, had been appointed a
manager on the committee on conference on
the part of the House on the joint resolution
of the Senate (S. R. No. 90) to suspend tempo-
rarily the collection of the direct tax within the
State of West Virginia, in the place of Mr.
James A. Garfield, of Ohio.
government of southern states.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, the Senate
proceeded to consider its amendment to the
bill (H. R. No. 1143) to provide for the more
efficient government of the insurrectionary
States, disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives, and upon which the House had
asked a committee of conference, and had
appointed Mr. Stevexs, Mr. Shellabarger,
and Mr. Blaixe as managers of the conference
on the part of the House.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
insist upon its amendment and agree to the
conference asked for by the House of Repre-
sentatives
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that will not be
done. A Senator behind me says, "Oh, yes.M
Mr. President, this is no ordinary bill. As I
think, in its present position, it is a question
not to be committed to a conference. We know
very well how matters are managed by confer-
ence committees. We know what compromises
are made, and how little is to be said and how
little to be done when their reports come before
ns. This question, in my judgment, transcends
in importance any other that has ever been
before the American Congress. Therefore, as
I think, it should be considered with the delib-
eration that its importance demands. I do not
deny that conference committees are generally
appointed with a view to reflect the opinions
of the bodies upon the question on which the
conference is asked; but I need not say that
of all systems of legislation that which is the
result of action in a conference committee is
the least satisfactory.
Now, sir, what is the difference between the
House of Representatives and the Senate upon
this question? I undertake to say that it is a
fundamental difference, upon which at this
time a conference committee can give us no
additional light., cannot aid us in arriving at a
correct solution. Besides, Mr. President, I am
impressed that—as I shall call it without in-
tending to reflect upon the action of the other
branch of the national Legislature—the unfor-
tunate decision arrived at there is in part the
result of not the best faith on the part of pro-
fessed advocates of this great measure. I say
this because the importance of the subject, as
I have before observed, demands the utmost
candor as well as the most serious contempla-
tion.
What will be the result if we commit this
measure to a committee of conference? Are
they to agree to strike out the provision which
requires, as a prerequisite, that the franchise
shall be conceded and provisions to guaranty
it incorporated in the constitutions of the
States proposed to be reorganized in the South?
Is that a question to be compromised upon?
How shall it be compromised upon? Com-
promised by the Senate giving way? Why,
sir, if they gave way on that point no report
of a conference committee, I undertake to say,
could be adopted in the other branch of this
Legislature at all. Is the Louisiana bill, so
called, to be substituted in a conference report
for this bill? I object to that course, not
because of what the Louisiana bill contains,
but because it presents a scheme diametrically
differing from the one now before us, and
which, if it is to be considered at all, I insist
must be considered in open Senate.
I need not say that the result arrived at by
the Senate in reference to this bill was after
the most mature consideration that was ever
given to any proposition that caine before this
body, resulting in a unanimity, at least on this
side of the Chamber, unparalleled in legisla-
tive proceedings ; a result hailed by the country
at large, demanded by the most intelligent and
powerful of the American press, alike accept-
able to the industrial and commercial interests
of the country, which suffer from a continual
disorganization of the country affecting its
vital industries. And yet it is proposed now
to commit the consideration of this great
measure to a committee of three of this body,
who shall compromise on the one hand by
abandoning a material and fundamental con-
dition, or, on the other hand, by attempting to
substitute for it a proposition essentially dif-
fering and involving the reorganization of the
rebel States.
Now, Mr. President, I object. I hope that
this proposition will be discussed in open Sen-
ate and not in a conclave of conference. I
am rather in favor this morning, since the
House by whatever means—and I shall have
something to say in the further progress of the
debate upon the means, so far as they are
within my knowledge—since the House, I say,
by whatever means, have arrived at the con-
clusion that they have, I am rather in favor
of laying it upon the table in the Senate, and
then taking up the Louisiana bill, and so
amending that as to make it acceptable to the
majority of this body. I desire, Mr. President,
in behalf of the portion of the country that I
represent and of the industrial interests of the
country everywhere, that this question shall
receive the most open and serious and full
deliberation in open Senate ; and I say again,
I object to confining its further consideration
to the narrow, special embraces of a confer-
ence committee of three members of each body.
Mr. STEWART. I will inquire if it is in
order to ask for a division of the question ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, yes.
Mr. STEWART. I ask for a division of the
question ; that is, I desire to amend the motion
by moving that the Senate continue to insist
on its amendment without agreeing to the con-
ference asked for by the House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the mo-
tion were an original one here the motion of the
Senator from Nevada to divide it would be per-
haps correct; biititcomesfrom the House: they,
having disagreed to our amendment, appointed
a committee of confercncc, and asked a con-
currence in the proposed conference. To insist,
therefore, on our amendment would not answer
the question of the House whether we will have
a conference with them on the subject or not.
The Chair thinks the motion, under the circum-
stances in which it is placed, is not divisible
in the way suggested.
Mr. SHERMAN. If such a motion were
made in the Senate originally as an independ-
ent motion, probably the Chair is correct; it is
not divisible as a matter of right; but a Sena-
tor has the right to move to adhere or to insist.
A Senator would have the right simply to move
that the Senate insist on its amendments. That
we have done; and it may even go so far as to
insist on an amendment to an amendment. The
motion to insist on an amendment is the first
question put. The Senator from Oregon couples
the two together; that is, that the Senate insist
and agree to a committee of conference. Per-
haps that is not divisible, because it is a distinct
motion ; but any other Senator has a right sim-
ply to have the question put on insisting. That
sends the bill back to the House for another
vote. They can then still further insist on their
disagreement, and afterward we can have a com-
mittee of conference. I think that is the prac-
tice at least; I am not very familiar with the
rules. The motion to insist is always in order,
and can be put without the motion for concur-
ring in a conference.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I presume it is advisable
to pursue the same course in reference to this
bill that is pursued in reference to other bills
about which the two bodies disagree. The fact
that it is a very important bill only makes it
the more necessary, as it seems to me, to adopt
the usual practice in such cases. I do not
know what ground the honorable Senator from
California has for assuming that the differences
between the two Houses are wholly irreconcil-
able, and that it is not possible for a committee
of conference to agree upon something that
will substantially embrace the provisions of
this bill and at the same time obviate the ob-
jections that exist to its passage. I know that
the debate (if it be allowable to introduce in
a discussion of this kind the debate in the other
House) took a wide range; but it is possible
that if a committee of conference is appointed
such an agreement might be made as would be
satisfactory to both branches of Congress. It
is entirely within the power of the Senate, when
the report of the conference committee is^made,
to agree or disagree to that report. Nobody
is bound by the action of the committee of
conference. It is with a view of expediting the
passage of this bill, if possible, that I make
this motion for a committee of conference. I
find that there is some division of opinion
among our friends in the Senate as to the
better course to be pursued; but it seems to
me that under all the circumstances we had
better try this expedient. We can no more
than fail. I am inclined to the opinion that if
we insist on our amendment and send the bill
back to the House it will necessarily result in
the defeat of the bill. I believe it to be our
duty under the circumstances, considering the
importance of the bill, to make every possible
effort to secure its passage in substance, if not
in the precise form in which it was passed by
the Senate. I hope, therefore, that there will
be no serions objection to this proceeding.
Mr. SUMNER. I am in earnest, sir, forthe
passage of some substantial measure that shall
give relief to our suffering fellow-citizens in the
rebel States. The Senate has made its best
endeavor; the House has refused to concur
with what we have done ; and the question now
is what action we shall take. The Senator
from Ohio, if I understood him, proposed to
interpose a motion of delay to the effect that
we should send this proposition of the House
back and ask them to vote upon it again. Why,
sir, if we do that we kill the bill; so I fear, at
least. To me it seems plain that out of such
