1556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
a course there can be no substantial result.
Farewell, then, during this session to any just
and beneficent measure either of protection or
reconstruction, both of which I wish to accom-
plish. Farewell, because there will not be
time in which to accomplish this great result.
Surely not unless the House should be inspired
to a course which is too much to expect.
The only remaining question, then, is whether
this great measure shall be committed to a
conference committee between the two Houses.
I have heard it observed on this floor that the
measure was too vast for any conference com-
mittee. On that, sir, let me make one remark:
there is a time to sow and a time to reap. So
also there is a time for open debate in this
Chamber and there is a time for the action of
conference committees. We have passed the
first stage and are now in the second. We
have arrived at that period when, according to
the natural course of business, this great meas-
ure can find its solution only through a con-
ference committee. If you set aside a confer-
ence committee you set aside every just and
beneficent measure of protection or of recon-
struction. For one, sir, I will not take that
great, that terrible responsibility. I long for
something, and I now take the only way which
seems to mepracticable.
Mr. POMEROY. I gather from the remarks
of the Senator from Massachusetts that he sees
a way of passing this bill providing there is a
committee of conference and the two Houses
agree to it. I never like to make any refer-
ence to the difficulties of passing a bill. Our
duty is to do what we can toward passing it.
But the Senator having alluded to it, I will
say that I can see no way of passing this bill
and having it become a law even if there is a
committee of conference and the two Houses
agree. I believe it is too late in the day. I
do not believe it possible that such a bill as
we want can become a law this session even
though the two Houses do agree. I only make
that remark in reply to what was said by the
Senator from Massachusetts, that some" bill
might become a law. I have no idea that such
a bill as the Senate want, judging from the
votes we have had on this bill and the fact
that we have passed it, can become a law at
this session by any conference whatever.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that the Sen-
ate will insist on their amendment and concur
in the request for a conference. I do not
know, I have taken no pains to inquire, what
was the leading difficulty or principal difficulty
in the minds of gentlemen of the House with
reference to the amended bill as we sent it to
them, but I am told that it arose out of a be-
lief that the Amendment, what is called the
Blaine amendment, as redrawn, had not suf-
ficient safeguards about it; that it left too much
to what was supposed to be the rebel element
in the original voting; and they did not think
that our loyal friends in the South and the
loyal portion of the country would be safe
under it. lhat was the leading objection.
Now, sir, with the committee that has been
appointed there, and which represents that
feeling not that the Blaine amendment goes
too far, but that it does not go quite far enough
there will be no difficulty, probably, in an
agreement on something that will be satisfac-
tory to both Houses. Whether the bill can
become a law or not at this session is a ques-
tion depending not Upon us. Our duty plainly
is to do all that we can toward making it a
law. \\ hen we shall have accomplished that
the responsibility will not rest upon us. If we
undertake to reluse a conference aud say we
will not ascertain what the difficulties are and
will not try to obviate them, the responsibility
will be upon us here of refusing all attempts
to pass such a law as would answer satisfac-
torily our purpose.
Now, sir, I confess that so far as I am con-
cerned I concur in the idea that the Blaine
amendment, so called, does not go far enough
with regard to safeguards. That is my objec-
tion to it, and has been from the beginning I
yeuld have preferred, as I stated here—I do
not know that I stated it publicly in debate,
but I stated it to gentlemen in conversation—
I would very much have preferred the military
bill, as it was called, pure and simple, without
having anything else upon it, and leaving to
other legislation, if it was judged expedient,
what else might be done. We should then
have stood in a perfectly good and sound con-
dition, in my judgment, before the country. I
could see no objection to it, and I had no quiv-
ering or shaking about it one way or the other.
We had proposed to these rebel States guar-
anties that were demanded of them before we
would listen to the subject of reconstruction.
We went before the country upon them, and
the country approved our position. We there-
fore stood perfectly well. I belong to that
class of men who think that in a difficult cri-
sis, where there is confusion and it is trouble-
some to ascertain what it is best to do, true
statesmanship requires that you should do no
more than is absolutely demanded by the exi-
gency of the case. That being my impres-
sion, I was billing to stand upon that and wait,
because I thought we could afford to wait.
But, sir, it was felt throughout the country,
for some reason or other, that the freedmen in
the South, and our loyal friends there gener-
ally, were not safe, and that something should
be done for their protection. Instead, there-
fore, of framing mere civil governments which
could give them no protection, unless they rep-
resented the prevailing sentiment of the loyal
people—and we all know that they are but a
very small minority there—it was thought
that we should give them protection that would
be efficient; and that was the same protection
to which they are entitled now from the Execu-
tive, but which the Executive does not give—
that is, military protection which we could
direct the Executive to give, and see whether
an issue would be made with Congress upon
that point. That was what would have been
most satisfactory to me; and would have been,
in my judgment, safest, without any committal
as to the particular terms that we should re-
quire in the setting up of civil governments.
But, sir, a majority of the Senate, contrary
to the vote of a majority of the House who had
rejected the amendment, and a large major-
ity of the Senate—it was the prevailing senti-
ment, and a sentiment to which I felt myself
compelled to yield in order to save the bill-
considered that something should be done by
way of holding out terms of reconstruction.
Those terms, it seems from all I can learn, are
not satisfactory to a strong feeling of the House
requiring stronger guarantees. If that is the
case, is it so difficult, is it so hard to appoint
a committee which shall meet the committee
on the part of the House, and with some varia-
tion of this amendment make it satisfactory to
both branches of Congress, and thus have a
law which will be efficient and will accomplish
both purposes? I see no difficulty in the way.
Besides, we are taking a responsibility wioh
reference to the matter if we refuse to act which
w© cannot very well stand under. Suppose we
insist upon our position, and say we will have
no conference; suppose, then, that the House,
acting with precisely the same temper that we
exhibit, should say, "Weadhere;" then the
bill is lost; and at this period of the session we
cannot afford to lose it if it is a bill that we
ought to pass. Certainly it would be very un-
precedented, almost without precedent in the
'"Story of this Congress, to refuse to confer
with the House, which has acted consistently,
because in rejecting this bill it has only rejected
what it rqected before. It might have been
anticipated that such would be the result, be-
cause the bill came to us with this amendment
substantially refused in advance. We made it
and they now object to it and send it back to us
still declining. It only shows that there should
be a conference between the two Houses in
order to meet the exigency and determine
upon the terms that will be satisfactory to both
Houses. We have the same power over it
when it comes back from a committee of con-
ference that we have now. If we do not like
the report of the committee of conference we
can reject it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We cannot amend it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is very true we can-
not amend it, but we can reject it and give the
subject to another committee of conference,
who can amend it and change it if it is objec-
tionable. There is always a way to meet that.
There is no trouble about it.
Now, sir, I do not want to see this bill lost,
and I will say to my friend from California
that the same objection to a committee of con-
ference does not He in this case that lies in the
case of a tariff bill or a tax bill or something
of that sort, in which a great many things are
j mixed up together, and we may be in the hands
I of a committee of conference to a greater or
less degree. This presents a single question
which everybody can comprehend, and a gen-
i tleman can at once state his objections to the
result of the committee of conference if he
has any.
Under these circumstances it strikes me that
the wise thing for usto do, instead of taking the
responsibility upon us of saying we will have our
own bill as we passed it or we willhave nothing,
would be to see if we cannot agree upon some-
thing that will be satisfactory to both Houses.
I hope, therefore, that my friend from Cali-
fornia will withdraw his objection. Certainly
nothing can be lost by the attempt to have
legislation which would be beneficial.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the bill as
it passed the Senate was under discussion for
a considerable time. Considering the lateness
of the session it underwent all the considera-
tion that it was possible for the Senate to bestow
upon it. The discussion upon it was an ani-
mated and anxious discussion, as we all know,
and I am not aware that the honorable Senator
from Maine in the course of that discussion
said anything in his place here against the
amendment as we finally agreed upon it. I
refer to the Blaine amendment. It seems now
that he has all along entertained objections to
that amendment. It would have been more
gratifying to me if the honorable Senator had
stated his objections to that amendment in
some of its forms during the pendency of the
bill, and on occasions where his opinion would
certainly have been not without great weight.
I do not think, Mr. President, that under the
circumstances it becomes us to create a commit-
tee of conference for the purpose of taking into
consideration this very grave subject. I am
unwilling for one to intrust a subject of such vast
magnitude, whose influences are to be so vast
and so enduring, to a committee of four or five
or six or seven, as the case may be, and from
whose report it is next to impossible for the
Senate to appeal. Such a subject as this ought
to be settled deliberately by the two bodies in
open session. There should be no darkness
overhanging their deliberations or their opin-
ions ; there should be no bargaining or selling,
no trafficking or compromising—things which
do sometimes take place among the most hon-
est men upon committees of conference. Were
it an ordinary measure I should not object to
a committee of conference; if it related to the
raising of revenue, or any other ordinary sub-
ject of legislation, I should be ready to agree
to a committee of conference; but I do think
that on this subject there ought to be no com-
mittee of conference. The two Houses ought
to be able to agree upon this great measure of
protection, settlement, and tranquillity if we
have wisdom and common sense enough to
agree, and I surely think we have. If we have
n0't despair, for one, of the passage of
any bill that will meet the great urgency that
is now upon us.
Mr. SHERMAN. Usually I would vote for
a committeeof conference.13 a matter of course,
because where the two Houses disagree it is
necessary that one or the other should yield,
and often it applies to each; but in this case
we know as a matter of fact that the opposition
to this amendment in the House is not one that
we can reconcile unless we can mix fire and
water. We know that the opposition to the
