880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
be xmder the control of the Interior or the War
Department, they will still need that super-
vision which this bill provides for them. We
have treaties with a great many of these tribes;
and whether it is the Secretary of the Interior
or the Secretary of War who is to pay out the
appropriations at the time they need them, it
will be. superintended by this commission just
as much in the one case as in the other.
It is proposed to provide in this bill for a
sort of civil jurisdiction amongthe Indians, and
the agent is authorized to exercise the power
of a court commissioner to the extent that our
civil laws may be practically extended over
them. There will be somebody to execute
these laws when we have thus given to the
agent among the Indians the power to punish
them, and send a commission every year to
inquire into his action.
1 ask the House if it is not worth while to try
this remedy and see if the great evils which
now exist in our Indian department cannot be
removed. Now, as I have often said here, I
know that in any matter that is presented in ref-
erence to the Indians, there are those who sus-
pect there is steal in it somewhere. And I
do not wonder, for the system of managing our
Indian affairs has been a bad one and product-
ive of much evil. I ask every gentleman who
believes that there are those evils to give this
measure a fair and honest trial. I will not
take up further time, but will yield to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. While I trust the discussion
of so important a subject will not be closed even
within an hour, without reference to the possi-
bility of that I shall submit very briefly the
reasons which have induced the Committee on
Military Affairs—for it is from that committee
this substitute I offer comes, the subject having
been referred to them—to offer it as a substi-
tute for the bill reported from the Indian Com-
mittee. The bill which I offer as a substitute
is a bill with amendments added to it by the
Committee on Military Affairs, introduced into
the House by the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Kasson] originally, and referred to the com-
mittee of which I have the honor to be chair-
man. It presents now, being offered as a sub-
stitute, the antagonism between the two schemes
of managing the Indians, consisting on the
one hand in leaving their management to the
Interior Department, or on the other of trans-
ferring it to the Department of War.
The gentleman has explained his bill to the
House. It is simple; it is no doubt designed
to correct the evils which he and I and all of
us admit exist in the present management of
our Indian affairs, evils which result from
the dishonest practices of the Indian agents.
Perhaps, sir, I used too strong language yes-
terday when I spoke of the Indian Bureau as
constituting little better than a nest of thieves.
But I do not understand that the gentleman
who represents the Indian Committee differs
with me on that point. The original bill was
introduced for the purpose of breaking up a
system that entitles us to characterize it in
that way.
When I speak of this matter, I want to be
understood as not referring particularly to the
management of Indian affairs here in Washing-
ton, but to all the ramifications of wrong, injus-
tice, oppression, and fraud which run through
the various Indian agencies and employes of
the Government in any way having charge of
or dealing with the Indians.
Now, sir, what is the mode of correction
which is proposed by the bill of the Committee
on Indian Affairs? It is proposed to appoint
five boards of inspection for five inspection
districts, these boards to consist each of three
men, to be appointed by the President. One
of each board is to be an officer detailed from
the Army: so far admitting the justice of our
claim that the Army should be represented in
this matter. Another member of each board is
to be selected directly by the President. The
third member of each board is to be selected
from those recommended by the churches of
this country for the piu-poses or if they fail to
make such recommendations the President is
to select the third member as in the case of the
other civilians, directly without the interven-
tion of the church.
Now, the first objection to this plan is that
it is too cumbersome a piece of machinery.
There are to be five inspection boards, consist-
ing of three inspectors each, and comprising
fifteen members mail, who are to be scattered
all over the country and to be charged with
investigating and reporting upon the frauds
practiced in relation to Indian affairs, so that
they may be guarded against.
Another objection is the mixture of the
various interests in the plan, which interests,
if not antagonistic to each other, certainly will
hardly tend to promote harmonious action.
You are to have the politician, the priest, and
the warrior upon each board of inspectors. I
suppose the politician is to wink at the con-
tracts to be made for cheating the Indians ;
the priest is to pray for the Indian who is to
be cheated, and the warrior is to kill him if he
does not behave himself. [Laughter.]
However that may be, I take it for granted
that the churches in the selection of persons
to be recommended to the President will ordi-
narily recommend those of their own cloth.
This is the first instance, I believe, in which
any legislation has been attempted in this
country1 to bring the church and State so com-
pletely together. A man's eligibility for ap-
pointment to one of these places is to depend
upon his getting the indorsement of some of
the churches of this country. As a matter of
course each church will recommend one of its
own faith; and equally as a matter of course
we shall have a great many candidates made
eligible by these recommendations, from among
whom the President must make his selections.
A squabble will take place, therefore, between
the Quaker, the Methodist, the Presbyterian,
the Baptist, and the Episcopalian at the very
initiation of the attempt to organize one of these
boards.
But putting all that out of the question there
is another difficulty, the want of economy in
this proposed system of inspection. In the
first place, these fifteen inspectors are to be
appointed. Five of them, it may be said, will
not have any salary paid to them in conse-
quence of their performing the duty of inspect-
ors, because they are already officers of the
Army, and are to act without additional com-
pensation. But the other two members of each
board are to be paid $4,000 each per annum.
Then there are to be ten inspectors at salaries
of $4,000 each, making §40,000 a year for the
inspectors alone. The gentleman from Min-
nesota [Mr. Wisdom] has said, and said very
properly, that if his scheme be a good one the
$40,000 paid for these inspectors will be as
nothing compared with the millions which will
be saved by it. I concede to that argument
all the strength there may be in it. But I
meet it by saying that not only is the expense
of $10,000 added by the appointment of these
inspectors under this system, and which is
contrasted with the proposition to turn this
whole matter over to the military supervision
of the War Department, but all the Indian
agents are to be paid as they are now paid,
each of them a yearly salary. Now, by com-
mitting this matter to the supervision of the
War Department you save not only the $40,000
for the inspectors, but all the salaries to be
paid to the agents and sub-agents, for all these
duties will be performed by officers of the
Army, according to my substitute, without any
additional compensation whatever.
But I think the gentleman is mistaken, upon
the score of e?onomy, in supposing that his
plan proposes only $40,000 additional annual
expenditure. I think $300 is added to the
salary of each Indian agent; they now receive
$1,500 a year each, whereas his bill proposes
to raise the salary to $1,800 a year each.
Mr. KASSOJT. And mileage.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir; and mileage.
This, however, is in my opinion a matter en-
, tirely subordinate and inferior to the great
question as to which Department shall have
charge of the Indian Bureau, and which De-
partment, if intrusted with it, will probably
conduct its affairs with not only most economy,
but most security to the Indian, and'most pro-
tection of both the Indians and the Govern-
ment from all manner of fraud.
The gentleman says that if the management
of Indian affairs be turned over to the military
we have no security that men with straps or
stars on their shoulders will be any more hon-
est than civilians. Mr. Speaker, we have this
security; if we turn this bureau over to the
military we turn it over to a class of men who
receive no additional compensation for the per-
formance of this duty, who perform it as they
perform any other duty to which they may be
assigned by the head of the Department or the
head of the Army; who perform it, not under
official bonds, which are ordinarily, I think, of
very little consequence in any case, but under
the still stronger security imposed upon them
bj the fact that their commissions are at stake
and a trial by court-martial will be the conse-
quence if they do anything which may fairly be
construed into a violation of the law or a dis-
regard of their proper obligations in connec-
tion with this duty imposed upon them.
The SPEAKER. The ten minutes of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] have
expired.
Mr. S(^HENCK. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be sustained, that we may have
an opportunity to discuss this question fully.
Mr. WINDOM. I yield to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Hart] ten minutes.
Mr. RAYMOND. With the permission of
my colleague, [Mr. Hart,] I desire to ask the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sciiexck] a ques-
tion. This is a subject of very great import-
ance, and of course it is one on which the
House desires all possible information needed
for the formation of a correct judgment. I
have understood—whether from proper author-
ity or not, I do not know—that a communica-
tion has been addressed to the committee of
which the gentleman from Ohio is chairman,
from' the general of the Army or from some of
his staff specially qualified to give information
and express valuable views on this point. I
should be glad if the gentleman from Ohio
would inform the House whether this is so or
not. If there be such a communication, it
would be proper that it should be printed for
the examination of the House before action is
taken on this bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am very happy to have
the opportunity to answer that question. I
have here a communication made in the shape
of a report to the General-in-Chief of the Army
by Colonel Parker of his staff, who was himself
an Indian chief, and who is a man of remarka-
ble intelligence and sagacity. His report cov-
ers this whole matter, referring not only to the
transfer of this bureau to the military depart-
ment, but also to the plan which should be
pursued by the United States for preserving
peace with the Indians and making the whole
management of their affairs under the control
of the United State" just what it ought to be.
I had intended to ask that this document should
be printed ; and I had hoped there would be an
opportunity to have it printed before the dis-
cussion of this bill. The report is amostablo
and indeed an exhaustive paper on this sub-
ject. It comes to tlie Committee on Military
Affairs from the General-in-Chief and the Sec-
retary of War, with a request that special atten-
tion may be given to it. I should be very glad
to have it read now.
Mr. WINDOM. I cannot yield sufficient
time to have it read. I yield to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Hart.]
Mr. HART. Mr. Speaker, I regret very
much that I find myself compelled to differ
with my colleague on the committee [Mr.
Wisdom] in regard to the bill now before the
House. I was not present during the consid-
eration of the bill by the committee at this '
session of Congress ; but during the last ses-
sion it was discussed by the committee; and
