1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
881
Dn a cursory examination of the bill I was
disposed to oppose it, although I am in favor
of any system which may in any way elevate
the condition of the Indians or reform the
gross and flagrant abuses which evidently pre-
vail ia the conduct of Indian affairs. There
is much in the bill I commend, but I regard
the measure as entirely too superficial in its
character. I do not think it will accomplish
the object the committee had in view. The
bill provides for a commission of fifteen men
to supervise and inspect the whole Indian coun-
try, covering territory larger in extent than the
rest of the United States. They can by no
possibility visit the Indians more than once a
year. And when they do visit them what ob-
ject can be accomplished ? They will go about
much as an annual board of visitation or board
of trustees. They will find the Indians set up
in their best bib and tucker by the several In-
dian agents; and when the visitation is over
they will make a fine white-washing report.
Then when they are gone the Indian agents
will relapse into the system of treatment which
is to-day so much condemned.
How much light can such a commission
throw upon the matter by an annual visit ?
They are surrounded by influences which are
interested in deceiving them. The Indian is
dependent upon the traders, and the traders
seal their lips against making complaints to
the commission. The commission will go away
with their eyes blinded and with no just com-
Erehension of the condition of the Indians they
ave visited.
I do not like the composition of the com-
mission. It is a most extraordinary manner
in which to make up a commission. There are
to be five military men, five politicians, and
five churchmen. I suppose the five church-
men are put on for the reason, it is taken for
granted, that the politicians are little above
total depravity, and it is necessary these men
should be there to leaven the rest of the mass.
But there is a possibility even those who
might be selected from all the churches would
condescend to steal. They have to certify the
accounts of all the Indian traders. The whole
thing rests in their hands. But who are to
supervise this commission? No one in any case
whatever. It is a position of greater value to
a corrupt man than any in this Government.
A corrupt man on that commission can make
anywhere from fifty to one hundred thousand
dollars per annum if he may choose to take
advantage of it.
I do not believe because a man is in the
Army he cannot bo an honorable man. I think
we have as much right to look for a gentleman,
an honorable man, in the Army, as outside of
it. There is this in addition : the safeguards
thrown around the officer of the Army are
double those of civilians. He is not only sub-
ject to military regulations, to the rules and
regulations of war which are very stringent in
their character, but he is amenable to the law
to whicli any civil appointee is amenable.
How are the churches to select? There are
only five commissioners to be selected from
forty different denominations. Hardshell Bap-
tists will oppose Congregationalists, and vice
versa; Roman Catholics will oppose Protest-
ants, and the Protestants will oppose Iloman
Catholics. How are they going to gel together
to make the selection?
What assurance, then, will you have you will
get better officers in that way? There is a
possibility a man may be a politician and a
member of church, though such things may be
rare. There is a possibility the men in the
Army who may be detailed by the Secretary
of War may also be members of church. So
far, then, we may do away with the necessity of
the churches of the country designating mem-
bers of this commission. Is it not a reflection
upon our character that pure men, upright
men, cannot be obtained without having a con-
vention of the eharches?
Now, Mr. Speaker. I am decidedly in favor
of any plan that will look toward a thorough
reformation in the Indian department. It is
39tix Cong. 2d Sess.—-No. GG.
possible that men in the Army when they come
to administer the affairs of the Indian depart-
ment will be guilty of the same corruption we
have seen everywhere in that department in
the past. This will be a new broom that will
sweep clean at least for a while. For the next
year it will be an improvement on the present
condition of things.
I object to the bill on the ground of econ-
omy. Here we have salaries of $4,000 each
for these commissioners, and salaries of $1,800
each for I do not know how many agents.
It is a well-known fact, Mr. Speaker, that
one half of these disturbances among the In-
dians are produced by these very Indian agents
and employes of the Government, in order
that the Indians may be brought here to nego-
tiate. new treaties and that new sources of
complaint may in that way be brought out. It
is notorious that Indians are induced to mas-
sacre whites and foment other disturbances
for the purpose of having this Government
negotiate treaties in order that now annuities
may be paid to the Indians, which, as soon as
they are paid, are divided among these vora-
cious men. Now we need some measure
which will remedy this evil. We need an army,
in my opinion, directly in contact with the
agents, so that the Indi^i may see before him
the power of the General Government, and may
feel that he is in more direct communication
with this Government when he finds himself
dealing with the various officers of the Govern-
ment. When he sees the insignia of office, the
shoulder strap of the military officer, ho will
feel that the power of the Government is close
at hand.
I trust the House will favor the proposition
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sciienck.]
because I believe it will be a reform in the
right direction. I would be glad to see some
commission appointed or anything done that
will ameliorate the condition of the Indian
tribes; but I believe the best plan is to transfer
the charge of the whole business to the War
Department.
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman from
Minnesota allow me to offer an amendment?
Mr. WINDOM. I want to ascertain first
what the House desire to do with the bill. The
morning hour has nearly expired. 1 have
been requested by one or two gentlemen to
make it a special order. T wish to know
whether if that is done it will be likely to be
reached.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
there are four special orders on the Calendar
made during the first week in the session and
not yet reached, having been interrupted by
privileged reports and matters introduced by
unanimous consent. There are now two
measures pending of the latter character: the
bill in relation to the civil service and the
bounty bill. After all these were out of the
way this would come up, unless some com-
mittee authorized to report at any time inter-
venes, or some motion of privilege, or some of
the bills should be brought up now pending on
motions to reconsider.
Mr. KASSON. There is hardly a special
order before the House of so much conse-
quence to the Treasury as this bill.
The SPEAKER. There is one special order,
the bill in regard to removals from office, re-
ported by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Williams;] one in relation to the count-
ing of illegal presidential votes, reporled by
the chairman ofthe Judiciary Committee, [Mr.
Wilson, of Iowa ;] another in relation to ban-
king, reported by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] and ono or two others,
that have all been pending since the first week
of the session, and not yet reached or decided.
Mr. KASSON. I think the importance of
this will justify us in making it a special order
for an evening session.
Mr. ROSS. I would like to be allowed a
short time on this bill.
Mr. WINDOM. I will yield if we go on
with it to-day, after the previous^ question is
ordered. In order t^> test the wishes of the
House on this subject I propose to call the
previous question now, and if the House prefer
to continue the discussion of this question in
the morning, of course they will sustain it. .
Mr. DONNELLY. Before the previous
question is seconded I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the third section of the original bill by
adding the following:
And in coso of the suspension of an Indian agent,
the duties of his office, until tho confirmation or rejec-
tion of his successor by tho Senate, shallbe performed
by tho assistant agont, or in case there shall bo no
such assistant, then by tho chief clerk of such agent:
and it shall bo tho dnty of the President to transmit
to tho Senate, with tho nomination of his successor, a
statement of the causes of such suspension.
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to offer the fol-
lowing amendment to come in at the close of
the one just offered:
That tho right;-:, privileges, and franchises conveyed
to tho black men within the States and Territories
of tho United States by established law thereof be,
and hereby are, given and scoured to all tho Indians
havinsr the protection of this Government under ex-
isting laws.
That all laws or parts of laws inconsistent with this
section be and arc hereby repealed.
Tho previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker, I will sayout-
side of the question now in debate, that this is a
matter of very great importance, and one that
ought to be fully investigated before the House,
and that the two hours—the one previous to
the call of the previous question and the one
that follows it—are not sufficient time to make
such investigation. I should hope that we
could have some evening set apart, as suggested
by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson,] to
debate this question and gather together the
information that is within our reach in regard
to it.
1 will state I am particularly anxious about
this matter, for I was a member ofthe special
committee appointed in 18(>-1 to make this in-
vestigation, and I will state a large amount
of information was gathered by that committee
and furnished to the House, and it ought, to
have been printed by this time. It might help
us to sonic light upon this subject.
1 agree that it is a lamentable condition of
things that in a nation such as we claim to be
a matter of this kind cannot be properly at-
tended to without such a vast amount of steal-
ing as has been spoken of here, and which
cannot be denied. And I must say I was
thoroughly convinced, after several months' ex-
amination in a portion of this Indian Territory,
that there has been an amount of stealing that
would startle the public mind if fully developed.
I will say in regard to the bill introduced by
the Committee on Indian Alfairs providing for
a change in tho administration of this depart-
ment, or for its transfer to another branch of
the Government, that I think the House ought
to approve of it and pass it. It has been do-
vised, examined, and got up under the super-
vision of a special committee, and meets with
its approval. We have believed that under all
the circumstances this was the only way^ to
check the vast swindle which has been carried
on in this Indian department of the Govern-
ment for years past.
Either one thing or the other should be done
by Congress. Either it ought to pass this bill
leaving the Indian department where ic now
is, but giving some security for the check of
this swindling, or else let the whole system pass
into other hands._ I am not prepared to say
that this change will be for the better. I should
be inclined to favor the passage of the bill with-
out any change. But I would like to hear
from those who are in favor of this policy a lit-
tle more and to obtain some insight into it. That
is the reason why I am in favor of fixing some
time for more debate, as suggested by the gen-
tleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson.] With the
permission of the gentleman from Minnesota
[Mr. Wisdom] I will moic a reconsideiation
of the vote by which tho main question was
ordered, and then move to make this bill a
special order.
Mr. WINDOM. I cannot agree to that. It
will never be reached.
