1866.
M CONGRESSIONAL &LOBB.
-rules the Government, makes its law?, or writes
its judicial opinions. • F -
And now let us construe-the Constitution as
it was intended' by its framers, not to' tnake
men slaves, but freemen'; not to take life, but
to save-it; not td rob men of'their property,
bet io secure that propertyto them; not to
deprive them of the liberty of •speech and of
the press, but to pliee thcjse rights beyond
jeopardy. L think it, is clear that Congress
has all the' needed power to reorganize by law
the governments 8£ those States, and it follows
that the particular means to be resorted to to
effect that object are such as Congress shall
determine. '
But we are told that those ten States are
reorganized, that'they have State governments.
I am aware that there are rebel machines in
"the territory recently in rebellion that callthem-
selves States. I am aware that the President
has undertaken to galvanize them into States
by proclamation, but no good lawyer will for a
moment contend that these organizations have
any validity as State governments until they are
recognized as valid by Congress. They are
monstrous systems of fraud, oppression, and
murder. They exclude from power all men
loyal to the Union. They screen from merited
punishment the assassins of ten thousand loyal
men who have been butchered in their territory
since they "accepted the situation." They
deny to Union men and freedmen that which
the Constitution guaranties to them. They
were erected without the consent of the people,
and decided to be without validity by the high-
est court of North Carolina; and whenever the
question comes for final decision before the
United States Supreme Court, no doubt can
exist but the decision of the North Carolina
court will be snstained. They have had the
audacity to elect Senators and Representatives
to Congress almost exclusively from the lead-
ers of the rebellion, and because they were
such leaders and were the most conspicuous in
the work of destroying this Government; and
those "statesmen," instead of being suspended
■with a pressure of hemp about their necks, as
they richly deserve, are coolly demanding seats
in the Congress of the United States.
Ah, Mr. Chairman, we have neglected the
duty too long of formally rejecting these crea-
tions of treason. We must begin the work
anew and provide by law that all male persons
in those States aside from the excepted classes
of the age of twenty-one years, native-born or
naturalized, shall have the right to vote in elect-
ing delegates to conventions to frame new State
constitutions or amend old ones, in electing
State legislative and judicial officers, and all
other elections that may occur in the reorganiza-
tion of these State governments ; that no per-
son who has engaged in rebellion shall be eli-
gible to office in the new State organization or
in the conventions aforesaid.
The excepted classes are all persons that have
held office, civil or military, under the confed-
eracy or in the army or navy thereof; all per-
sons who have been educated at military or
naval academies of the United States and after-
ward engaged in the rebellion; all persons
who Jiad once taken the oath to support the
Constitution of the United States and then in
any manner engaged in rebellion; all editors,
authors, or publishers of any book, pamphlet,
paper, or publication that advocated the cause
of the rebellion, and all persons who were
guerrillas, and persons carrying on war against
the Government and not belonging to the reg-
ular army of the confederacy and acting under
its direct orders.
"When the people thus acted and so framed
their State constitutions and laws as should
secure to all persons permitted, as above, to
participate in the work of reorganization, and
to all loyal men full political and civil rights,
with the ballot as their shield and buckler, and
shall disqualify from suffrage and from holding
office all the persons and classes above ex-
cepted, and when the Legislatures of those
new State organizations adopt the constitutional
amendment abolishing slavery and the amend-
ments to the Constitution recently proposed
by Congress, and shall present Senators and
Representatives that can take the congressional
oath of admission, then, sir, I would have
Congress admit those Senators and Represent-
atives, recognize those State governments as
valid, and the work of restoration will be com-
plete. ' - ' : ,
But, Mr. Chairman, it will be said "that J am
in favor of universal negro' suffrage at the
South; Indeed, sir, I am. 'The ballot is the
only protection after all that men have in this
country. Take, the ballot away from a class
and "that class will not have equal rights with
those who do exercise the ballot. Your civil
rights bill is well, necessary, but what avail
is it unless it is enforced. Put it into the
Constitution as you will, and as you should,
but it will be as a rainbow in the'bloud to the
oppressed people of the South without there
is some power there to enforce it: beautiful
to look upon, but giving no warmth or light,
it "will hold the word of promise tothe ear and
break it to the hope."
We have a good civil rights bill in the Con-
stitution as it stands. The freedom of the
press, of speech, and protection to life, liberty,
and property are secured thereby, and yet for
more than half a century none of those rights
have been enjoyed by a large portion of the
southern people; they were only granted to a
privileged class. The black man was not
allowed to learn to read the Constitution that
pointed him to liberty, or the Bible that pointed
him to God; the white man who had s Aen
or written against slavery was hanged >pon
the nearest tree or banished from the i aim.
And so it will be again if suffrage is not ii (par-
tial. Southern courts now defy and disobey
the civil rights bill. Everything there is organ-
ized against the black man, from the judge upon
the bench to the constable with his process ;
every officer, State, legislative, judicial, county,
town, and municipal, who is called upon in any
manner to enforce those laws and carry out
those sacred guarantees of the Constitution
are the enemies of the loyal men and freed-
men, and opposed to the execution of those
laws and guarantees. The black man is help-
less to punish or remove from office those un-
faithful officers; he has no vote, no place in
the jury-box, no means of organization for the
defense of his rights; but with the ballot in his
hands all will be well; these officials will do
him justice, and there will be in every State,
county, town, and precinct in the South a
power in the hands of our friends to protect
themselves and to preserve the Republic.
We cannot afford longer to feed these people
upon husks. We denied them their rights until
those rights were reasserted in the smoke of
battle and in the blood of a million men.
Let us be wise at last. We put the bullet into
their hands when traitors struck at the nation's
life, why not give them the ballot to preserve
that nation from treason in another guise.
Their skins are black you say ; ay, but their
hearts are true and their blood is loyal. They
were good enough to fight, why not good enough
to vote. I cannot upon this subject but quote
my own words upon a former occasion:
"And the four million black men who were the
slaves and under the control of the rebels, who were
away from the Union lines and its protection, who
only knew God because they saw Him in the stars and
heard Him in the winds—for the Bible to them was a
forbidden book—they who had only known the flag
from the stripes it gave them and the Union from the
chains it bound them with; they who from the first
sent their morning and evening prayers to Heaven
that the nation might live, who furnished our sol-
diers flying from captivity and death with guide and
shelter, food and fire, while the master let slip
blood-hounds on the fugitive's track; who of the
four millions betrayed a loyal man? Not one but
exposed the traitor master. This faithfulness on the
part of those poor, simple, ignorant men is to my
mind one of the grandest phases that the war has
developed. ,
"How strange the contrast between theslavein his
chains and the master who had been pampered by
the Government. The former kissed and upheld the
rod that had smitten him, the latter smote the hand
that had fed him. And yet we are asked at this
time to consign these loyal men, both white and
black, to the mercy, as I have said, of these rebels
and enemies.
I am free to say, Mr. Chairman, thit if such is' 'to
be the policy of this Government it is recMant tttita
high duty; it is unworthy of all the biood 5bed ;u;d
treasure expended in its cause; it deserves to pe " '
in its ingratitude and be blotted from the® face ca the
-earth." • -
But we are told, "givethem a qualified imf-
frage,"' "give it to those Who cg.i) read and
write or who own property and pay taxes."
As to the first proposition Xmust-s% that!
de^m it wholly impracticable. "}f e pdsMt
With aqy j ustie'e 6r fa;rness_apply.to"intel{%$'nfe
qualification to the black u'nAess^ we "&o sgicr n>
the white voters, and in go doing we would dii-
i?... T " _    _ _ * ll_ ^ Ti 1;' ,• a    i' 
chise loyal tyhite men in the South* $nd else-
where who have exercised that privilege fcjr
year's, and'some of whoih, -white and 61*46^,
have confronted treason upon many "a T>lo®%
field and have worn the livery of the Republic.
Would yon take the ballot from them? Besides
we need them all to vote down trijtors. Kip
they not good enough for that? ' , '
We did not ask the black men- at Port' Hud-
son and at Petersburg whether "they coiiM read
when we intrusted them with the' country's
honor and its flag; shall we insist upon it
now when the ballot is needed for their and
our protection in the South? As to a prop-
erty qualification, that is simj>ly absurd and a
blot where it exists upon the civilization of the
age. Benjamin Franklin's illustration in such
a case, that it is the jackass that votes and not
the man, has never been controverted. Dis-
criminations in political privileges against
some classes and in favor of others in a free
country are odious and productive of popular
discontent. The only test of suffrage in this
country is manhood; give it to all men; to the
poor and the lowly ; lift them up to the dignity
of the sovereign. Some say that the ex-slav«
will vote as the ex-master directs; and this
slander has been repeated in high official quar-
ters.
The negro knew on which side to fight and
to pray during the rebellion; he will know well
on which side to vote; he has got his liberty
after a century of oppression and bondage,
he will guard that liberty well when he handles
the ballot.
These same objectors said that the negro
would not fight, that he would be guilty of all
kinds of excesses in his newly-found liberty,
that he would not work. Like the sixty day
oracle of the State Department they are shown
to be false prophets.
The negro fought well, he obeyed the law,
he went to work like a good citizen; he is
learning to read and write all over the South
with an earnestness and a rapidity that is
astonishing; trust him with the ballot he will
use it better than a white traitor.
But, says another, you would allow former
rebels to vote. Certainly I would allow the
masses who were led into the rebellion, con-
scripted or forced into it, to resume the right
of suffrage; I would have no conflict with
them. Clothe them with power and thus
assure them that a just Government, while it
punished the leaders of the rebellion for exam-
ple's sake and to prevent their doing further
mischief, is humane and generous to the mis-
guided masses. They got only poor fare and
hard knocks from the confederacy. Disqualify
all these leaders, false teachers, and guides
both from office and suffrage; give the black
man the ballot; trust the people; let the masses
reconstruct the new State government. The
people have interests and sympathies in com-
mon ; they will readily assimilate and act to-
gether.
Trusted by the Government and protected
by it, those who have been disloyal will come
to love it. In most of the States the men
hitherto loyal will be in the majority, and in
all the States powerful enough to defend them-
selves. Politicians and ambitious men will
become the servants of their will; new men
will spring up from the people faithful to our
Government, who will assume the place of the
