1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1559
Sir, there are some things about it that I
like. My objection to it from the beginning
has been that it did not go ffcr enough in its
protection of ourselves. That has been my
objection to the Blaine amendment, that there
was not enough of it, that we were binding our-
selves to too much for the future. That has
been my difficulty with it. I did not think we
were safe under it. That is the way I have
felt with regard to it, and I have so expressed
myself to several friends in conversation ; but
I saw from the feeling of this Senate that it or
something like it was doomed to go on; that
the measure could not be sustained we had
it unless something of the kind did go on.
Well, sir, I could not help it. I could not get
the military bill pure and simple as I wanted
it, and therefore I yielded, as 1 was bound to
yield, to the majority. But if gentlemen con-
tend that, having yielded to the will of the
majority on that subject, I was bound never to
open my mouth to anybody with whom I con-
versed on the subject and never to express my
opinions about it in private conversation with
our political friends, I think that is putting on
an amount of pressure to which I am not dis-
posed to yield at any rate, and to which I will
not yield. Gentlemen may reprove me as
much as they please, or attempt to do it. I
am of that opinion still; and I should like to
have that amendment amended and some
more safeguards about it than there are now.
If gentlemen who glory in the name of radical
are not quite so radical on that subject as I
am, that is all the difference between us. And
now, for being too much of a radical, I am to
be lectured in this side-hand way by the honor-
able Senator from Ohio. Sir, I have my own
opinions, and I shall stand by them, and I shall
take the liberty to express them in a proper way
on all occasions.
Now, as to the glorification of the honorable
Senator from Michigan, that he stayed here
going without sleep while the Senator from
Maine was enjoying his repose, as he calls it,
that is very true ; I did not stay in the Senate.
I believe it is the first time since I have been
a member of Congress, when I was not con-
fined to my bed with sickness, which has not
happened often, that I have not been here day
and night constantly attending the sessions of
the Senate, when many gentlemen were dining
or sleeping or doing something else, anything
but attending the Senate—the first time in a
period of nearly fourteen years, since I have
been in the Senate. Whether that applies to
the honorable Senator from Michigan or not
on any occasion I do not know: but I know
a great many to whom it does apply. I think
after the service that I have rendered here in
staying up night after night in passing bills
when other gentlemen were enjoying their re-
pose elsewhere I am the last person to be lec-
tured or hinted at by the Senator from Michi-
fan for not being here on that occasion. Sir,
did as other gentlemen do. I knew, in the
ordinary course of things, that this week and
the remainder of this session was to be to me
more laborious probably than to any other
member of the Senate, because it so happens
that I have charge of the business of the
Finance Committee, which comes up at the
end of the session. I had been very ill for two
days, hardly able to hold up my head, as many
gentlemen know. I knew, or I believed that
if I stayed here, the result would be that I
should be entirely unfit for business all this
week, and probably be sick in my bed. I con-
sulted several friends in the Senate whether I
was needed or whether it was not best for me
to retire, expressing my willingness to stay if
they wished it, and every one of them advised
me that I was not needed; there was no de-
bating to be done; the thing was perfectly
safe, and I had better go home ; and I paired
off with a gentleman on the other side, as was
stated. I believe it was about the first time I
ever did pair on anything of consequence,
and the Senator from Michigan is ungenerous
enough to alUdtt to that.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator allow me
to say a word?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. I regret very much to hear
so reproachful an epithet from the Senator from
Maine toward myself. What I said in regard
to his not being in his seat at the time of the
vote was not spoken in the spirit of fault-finding
or censure toward the Senator froin Maine. I
was not aware of his ill-heath. Had I been
aware that that was the occasion of his with-
drawing from his seat on that occasion I cer-
tainly should not have alluded to the subject
at all. I am quite aware that the Senator's
health is not as firm as that of many of us.
He was excusable for the course he took,
undoubtedly.
I alluded to that fact, however, in connec-
tion with what I had said before, that I was
ignorant of the Senator's opposition to what is
called the Blaine amendment. If he was op-
posed to the Blaine amendment secretly and
covertly, not having made his opposition known,
then to withdraw from his seat and to go into
his bed would have been a very natural conse-
quence if he were anxious to avoid the responsi-
bility of either voting for it or against it. That
is what I meant, sir.
I do not wish to protract a discussion of this
personal nature with the Senator from Maine;
but it does not become him, let me say with all
respect to him, to assume to lecture me upon
this subject. I know as well as he does, and
he knows as well as I do, how he has stood all
along in reference to the Blaine amendment,
and what he has actually done on that subject.
Further than this I do not wish to go at this
moment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator did not
allude to me with the intention to cast censure
upon me for being out of the way the only
other horn of the dilemma he can take is, that
he meant to glorify himself for staying here, or
else he would not have said anything about it
at all. But enough on that subject, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. There was no glorification
about it. The term the Senator uses is entirely
out of place and gratuitous in its intention and
purpose. I remained in my seat because I
was well and felt it my duty to remain here
and to vote upon this measure. That is what
I did, and that is the whole extent of my
offending. If I had been out of health and
unable to remain here I should have followed
the Senator's example and paired off with
somebody else; but I abjure all glorification
in the discharge of an honest duty. I will
throw off no responsibility; I will set up no
suspicious excuse or pretense for a failure to
do my duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the
Senator has thrown out a very oracular remark
about my knowing as well as he did what took
place elsewhere. That matter has got into
the newspapers; and that is, that this subject
was committed by our friends to a committee,
of which the honorable Senator and myself
were members. Now, with regard to that 
Mr. HOWARD. It has got into the news-
papers, if at all, not through my instigation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know through
what channel it got into the newspapers ; but
I saw it in a newspaper this morning myself.
Now, let me say with regard to that, it is one
of my principles, when 1 find that a thing is to
go contrary to my judgment, to make it as un-
objectionable as possible, and to that point I
labored, and I labored honestly; but I have
never changed my opinion with regard to
the point which I have stated. I stand now
precisely where I did then. I would have
voted for it; that is to say, voted for the bill
with it, had I been here, and it was so an-
nounced by my colleague. That was the vote
I was prepared to give; but I am not bound,
therefore, by the fact that that was the case to
approve everything there was in it or to say
that it had no defect; and the extent of my
offending is simply that I was not satisfied
with it and so expressed tnyself. Can gentle-
men reasonably find fault with that ? I have
acted in no bad faith with anybody or upon
any subject. 1 have supported what I agreed
to support throughout. But if gentlemen hold
that the obligation goes further than that and
ties a man's tongue as to a piece of legislation
when his opinion is called for by a political
friend, I hold that that is going further than I
am ever willing to go under the direction of
anybody, either any individual or any body of
individuals.
I am sorry that this discussion has sprung
up; I am sorry that the honorable Senator
from Ohio took occasion in his speech that he
made here to make flings at me. I felt bound,
therefore, in my own vindication, without any
reply as to himself—I dare say he always acts
in good faith ; I have always found that he did,
with perfect frankness, no double dealing—to
defend myself against an implied charge of
that description. Whether that defense is suf-
ficient or not the Senate will judge. Whether
they judge so or not, I will not say it makes
no difference to me, but it does not change my
fixed determination to act according to my
own conviction and in my own way.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I am very sorry
that so disagreeable a topic should come up
this morning for discussion, but 1 am very well
compensated for it by what has fallen from the
Senator from Maine. He tells us that the
fault we find with him is his radicalism. Well,
sir, if he has become radical I shall be com-
pensated for all that has happened here to-
day. I was exceedingly glad to hear it. I
know that it will aid us when we come to
frame other bills more than anybody can im-
agine, if the Senator from Maine, with his vast
influence here, will throw it on the side of rad-
icalism and aid such poor radicals as I am to
get measures satisfactory to ourselves.
Now, Mr. President, on principle I was
opposed to leaving this important question to
the judgment of some five or six members of
the two Houses of Congress in a committee of
conference, and therefore I spoke as I did, and
in that connection I could not help alluding to
what I supposed I knew with regard to the
course taken by the Senator from Maine, which
was not satisfactory to me, and with his expla-
nation it is no more satisfactory. He has said
that he entertained opinions upon this bill as
it was progressing unfavorable to some of its
details, or something like that; I do not give
his words; but it seems that in open Senate or
in committees of which he formed a part, in
all that he ever said or did with regard to th:s
bill, he never made known one of those ob-
jections until after it had been discussed here,
and until I had been kept up here two nights to
consider it, and supposed everybody that har-
bored objections to it had made them known ;
and finally, after all that had been done in
committees, in open Senate, and everywhere
else, it was agreed that the bill should pass
with a unanimity on this side of the Chamber
that I have never known, nay, sir, that never
can be exceeded, for there was no man in the
negative.
Mr. CONNESS. Those who were left the
Chamber.
Mr. WADE. Every one that was here voted
for it. The Senator from Maine paired off,
leaving his colleague to declare that if he had
been here he would have voted with ns. So
we had him on our side. Another Senator
left without giving, as I know of, any opinion
on the subject; but every other man on this
side of the Chamber voted for the measure,
and it was no hasty vote that they gave. It
was for a measure that had been considered
in open Senate, considered in committee, con-
sidered everywhere and in every way that we
could consider a subject, and finally, the delib-
erate judgment of this side of the Senate was
manifested by a unanimous vote.
I do not agree with the Senator from Maine
that a Senator should withhold opinions strongly
formed in opposition to a measure. In such a
case, it seems to me, he ought to vote against it;
