884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
admit that we have no right to regulate the in-
ternal concerns of the Government at Rome.
It is true, we have the right to withdraw our
minister from thafeijGourt or from any other
Court when, in the opinion of our Government,
it should be done ; but this attempt to do it,
in this indirect manner, by cutting off the ap-
propriation to pay the salary of the minister,
without a single word of official information,
seems to me to be going a great distance in
order to attack the Papal Government, and to
do an act, to say the least, distasteful to the
great body of Catholics in this country.
This Government is not a Protestant Govern-
ment, neither is it a Catholic Government. No
particular religion is recognized or established
by the Constitution ; all are free before the law
and the Constitution. But it is not so in every
Government. It is not so in Great Britain. It
is nor, so in Russia. It is not so in many other
Governments. We desire that every person
should be left free to worship the Almighty
according to the dictates of his own conscience.
And the first great example of this religious
toleration in this country was set by the Catho-
lics of Maryland as early as 1649, when they
declared this great principle by statute. But
this is a question with which this House to-day
has nothing to do. Most fortunate for the peo-
ple of this country Congress has no control
over the question of religious belief. But as
to this proposed amendment, I repeat we have
no reliable information as to the existence of
the order complained of or of the reasons
which induced it, if really it has been made
as reported by the newspapers.
Mr. MORRILL. Is there any more reason
for our having a minister at Rome than for
our having one at Patagonia?
Mr. F1NCK. I do not propose, Mr. Chair-
man, in the few minutes to which I am limited
in this debate, to discuss the necessity of having
a minister at Home. What I object to now is
the manner gentlemen propose to take for get-
ting rid of the minister at that Court. But
I will say in answer to the gentleman that there
is just as much necessity for having a minister
at Home to-day as there was when he was first
appointed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was upon Mr. Morrill's
amendment.
Mr. KASSON. I will modify my amend-
ment, so as to make it read "after the close
of the present year.''
Mr. MORRILL. All I desire is that this
minister shall not be required to return home
at once; but I will agree to the modification.
Mr. BID WELL. I movepro forma to amend
the amendment by striking out the letter " e''
at the end of the word Rome, and inserting
instead the letter "a:" so that it will read
"Roma."
Mr. Chairman, nnder the circumstances I
do not think we ought to be hasty in removing
the American legation at Rome. I am in favor
of extending the influence and authority of this
Government every way in every locality where
it can be done with advantage to the country.
The American people now go to almost all
parts of the globe ; but there is no place which
Americans visit more than Rome. Every one
who goes to Europe makes it a point to visit
that city on account of its great historical in-
terest and the associations that attach to it.
Now, whether or not Rome is represented in
this country, I believe that the United States
ought to be adequately represented at Rome,
not on account of any respect which we owe to
the Papal Government, butfor the purpose of
extending protection to those of our own citi-
zens who visit that city. And as we have no
official information upon this subject, I hope
we will not withdraw the support to the Ameri-
can legation there.
Mr. MORRILL. I would ask the gentleman
if a consul would not be as fully competent to
give protection to our citizens in Rome as a
minister is?
Mr. BID WELL. If that be the case, then
we should send a consul and not a minister to
the Courts of St. James and at Paris. But I
think a minister has a power and a dignity that
do not attach to a consul. I was in Rome
during the past summer; and although I did
not, for want of time, call upon the American
minister there, yet when I passed by the resi-
dence and saw the American flag waving over
it, and knew that there was an American min-
ister there, I felt a degree of security and a de-
gree of pride in the power of my country that I
should not have felt if we had had no legation
there. I hope, therefore, that we will not take
the action proposed in this matter, for I think
there is no necessity for it.
Mr. HILL obtained the floor.
Mr. BANKS. Will the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Hill] yield'to me for a moment?
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the commit-
tee rise, for the purpose of closing debate.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Pomeroy in the
chair.) The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Hill] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HILL. 1 will yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] for a few
moments.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to state a reason
why this mission to Rome should not now be
discontinued. The reasons given for the dis-
continuance urged by those who favor the prop-
osition might have been assigned as well five
years ago as to-day. The reason why we
should not at this moment discontinue our
mission to Rome is that the Papal Government
is in peril, and also it has rendered to this
Government essential service in regard to a
most important matter.
Upon the first suggestion through our min-
ister the Roman Government expressed en-
tire willingness to give up a person who is
alleged to have been concerned in the con-
spiracy to assassinate President Lincoln, and
to give him up without imposing any condition
whatever upon us. There is not probably
another Government in all Europe which would
have so acted under the same circumstances.
We had no extradition treaty with the Roman
States^ we had made no formal demand for
the surrender of the criminal; but the Roman
authorities acceded to the simple request of our
minister, without imposing any condition what-
ever. But when application was made to the
Italian Government by our minister, Mr.
Marsh, for the surrender of the assassin, the
authorities stated distinctly that they would
not surrender him except upon the condition
that he should not be subjected to capital
punishment if found guilty.
Mr. GR1NNELL. I desire to ask a ques-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks.}
Mr. HILL. I cannot yield further, but will
resume the floor. As I came in after a temporary
absencefrom the Hall, the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Dodge] was occupyingthe floorand
having some correspondence read by the Clerk.
From all that I have been able to learn, I gather
that the only reason for now terminating the
existing relations between this Government and
Rome, the only ground upon which it is sought
to terminate those relations, is on account of
some religiousdifficulties. It seems to me that
is a new ground upon which to take action of this
character in relation to any foreign nation.
Each nation, of course, regulates all these mat-
ters of religion for itself. Whether or not there
are sufficient grounds for terminating the exist-.
ing relations between this Government and
Rome, or abolishing the office of minister at
Rome, it seems to me that it is improper to do
it upon the ground which has been assigned
here and in this indirect way.
The complaint is that a certain church has
not been permitted to exercise its ordinary
religious worship within the city of Rome.
Now, I am in favor of the utmost freedom of
religious worship, but I do insist that it is not
in accordance with the principles, theory, or
practice of this Government hitherto to inter-
fere in this indirect way any more than to in-
terfere more directly.with the religious prac-
tices of another Government. If Rome has in
any way violated the rights of American citi-
zens, or has committed any indignity upon
American citizens, then inflict the proper pun-
ishment upon her for her act. But if it is
only a regulation of religious worship which
she ha* established, and to which all are alike
subject, I insist that it is not in accordance
with our principles or our practice to take any
action upon the subject; therefore I must op-
pose the amendment at least upon the ground
upon which it is placed here.
If it is to be placed upon some other ground,
if, as suggested by the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Morrill,] there is no occasion for
a minister at Rome, and a consul will do aa
well) then let our actum be based upon that
ground, so that no erroneous impression in
regard to the matter will go abroad.
Mr. BID WELL. I now withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. CHANLER. I regret, Mr. Chairman,
that this whole subject has assumed somewhat
of a religious character, and that the question
of church and state has been drawn into this
debate. I am sorry too that I have been re-
ferred to as having in any way attempted to
characterize this Governmentas being specially
for one side or the other in religious matters.
All I mean to say on that head is, that inas-
much as our Government is based upon the
people, and as the statistical returns show a
majority of our "population to entertain the
Protestant faith, in that light only do I mean
to assert that this is a Protestant Government.
So far as my personal views are concerned I
adhere to no doctrine which would favor a
union of church and State, and I ljave no pur-
pose whatever to introduce religious questions
into a political discussion.
But, sir, this is a practical question, and as
such it has been treated with force-and appro-
priateness by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, [Mr. Morrill,] who has
said that this position of minister at Rome is
but an ornamental post of no advantage to the
people of this country. That argument, sir,
in common with a whole line of argument in-
troduced by those who are trying to stop cur
appropriations for the mission at Rome, applies
with equal force to nearly the whole list of
diplomatic positions; and I am 111 favor of
abolishing a large majority, if not all, of these
diplomatic posts, which are absorbing to an
immense amount the proceeds of the people's
labor without affording them any return.
I believe sir, that a well-organized consular
system based upon the commercial interests of
our country will be better administered, and
more consistent with our form of government.
I recognize in the system of diplomatic appoint-
ment a subtle and indirect subserviency to the
European form of government, which, from its
monarchical character, is altogether unsuited
to be a model for the enlightened Government
of a free Republic. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs [Mr. Banks] has in
his remarks this morning given us the key to
that whole system. The Court of Rome refuses
to send an embassador here—why? Because
that embassador would not hold his position
here with that dignity which, under the rules
and precedents of European diplomacy, is ac-
corded to the representative of the Church of
Rome in all countries where the Catholic reli-
gion is predominant. That is the secret of the
European system, governed as it is.by the strict-
est rules of diplomatic etiquette; and it will
be found in the history of our diplomatic rela-
tions that in order to meet those obstacles of
etiquette we have absolutely been obliged to
change the order of our organization in diplo-
matic affairs and waive if not surrender the
principles of our Government.
Sir, I desire that our country shall withdraw
from participation in the system of European
diplomacy. ^ We should have nothing whatever
to do with it. Our principle is that of the
common imprest of our people in governmental
affairs. I wonder, however, that in assailing
the Pontiff of the Church of Rome gentlemen
have not applied the same line of argument to
