1560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
but at all events, after withholding opposition
here and leaving it to be inferred that he was
in favor of a measure, it was hardly proper for
him to go to the other body and attempt to
defeat it by showing hia dissatisfaction there.
I should not like, after having been kept here
so long to pass a measure having the assent of
the Senate, to find gentlemen supposed to be
in favor of it going into another body and
using their influence there for its defeat and
overthrow. The Senator says this is perfectly
reconcilable with good faith. I do not know
but that it is. It is not, however, the way that
I deal with this body or ever expect to. If I
have objections so strong that they lead me to
argue for the overthrow of a measure any-
where, the argument shall be made here and
mv vote shall attest my opinion.
Now, the Senator says that I, like himself,
was opposed to this Blaine amendment. Well,
Mr. President, I was opposed to any amend-
ment, and I understood that the Senator was.
I said very little about it: but I did say that I
would endeavor to defend the measure against
any amendment from any quarter whatever;
thatwe wouldtake the military bill of the House
pure and simple, and then we would get up the
other bill that had come from the House to
supply, as I thought, all its defects; and that
the two measures would make, as I believed,
an excellent reconstruction system, taking this
military bill as it came from the House, and
then taking up the Louisiana bill, and amending
it so as to apply to the other States ; and both
together, I declared here, would bo, as I
thought, right. I intended to ur^e the passage
of the Louisiana bill first; but the Senator
himself persuaded mo out of it, and induced
me to agree to take up this bill that we both
agreed should pass without amendment; but it
did not pass without amendment, and I do not
know that the Senator resisted that amendment
very strongly. I believe he entirely consented
to it before we got through. Certainly he did
not try to prevent it; neither his arguments
nor his votes tended in that direction. I gave
up all opposition to amending the bill, as he
did; for I saw that by taking the amendments
that were framed we could make an entire
reconstruction project that ought to bo satis-
factory to all the States. 1 thought so, and yet I
confess that I would rather have taken each bill
as it came from the House by itself, fori thought
then, and think now, that both together formed
an excellent scheme of reconstruction ; lmtthe
amendment the Senate adopted 1 believed then,
and believe now, presented, in connection with
the military bill, a most excellent reconstruction
system; and I had not dreamed that the Senator
from Maine objected to it because it waa not
radical enough. If I were permitted to speak
of what transpired in other places, I should
say that I was entirely convinced it was not its
radicalism that troubled him then. I under-
stood that he himself agreed that the bill should
be amended before we got through with it. and
I understood him to advocate an amendment.
I do not find any fault with the amendment.
It was a very tempting field to take that bill as
it came from the House, and add to it some
system of reconstruction which ought to be
satisfactory to the South and to us, and make
an entire measure in one bill. We undertook
to do it, and it received the approbation of the
Senate with great unanimity. YVhnt T complain
of is that aller Senators had voted for it they
should endeavor somewhere else to overthrow
it. I do not like that phase of it. i
As to staying here in this Chamber, the Sen-
ator looked at me when he said that sometimes
gentlemen were absent from their seats. Sir,
since I have had a seat in this body I have not
been absent one hour, and I defy any Senator
to prove that I have been. I ask any Senator
here if in his remembrance, during the long
period I have been here, he has ever found me
out of my seat unless I was engaged out of the
Chamber on n committee. I do not know that
the Senator intended to charge me with being
absent; bat certainly that is not a sin of mine.
I am always here. Perhaps it would be better
if I were not here; but 1 am regular in my
attendance.
Sir, I shall not detain the Senate. I wish
now to do the best I can for the country ; but
I dare not trust the fate of this great measure
upon the result of a conference committee. I
have seen too many evils grow out of that mode
of proceeding. I had rather begin again, as I
said before, and build up a system before the
whole country that should be satisfactory to us
all, than to hazard this measure on the narrow
chance of a patching up by a conference com-
mittee.
Mr. BROWN. If I understand the condi-
tion of this bill, it is one that if referred to a
committee of conference will throw open to
their manipulation every principle that has
been involved in the two measures. The bill
originally came to us a simply military bill. It
was amended by striking out all after the enact-
ing clause and substituting a totally different
measure, one that differed not only in the mat-
ter of the Blaine amendment, but that differed
in the manner of the assignment of the military
commanders; that differed on the question of
the suspension of the habeas corpus; in fact
upon every section of the bill. Therefore, if
this is to go to a committee of conference, it
will open to them the work of producing a
measure totally new, a measure involving every
principle in this bill, and one in which they may
report so as to override the whole decision and
whole determination of the Senate.
That is a condition of affairs and the prin-
ciples wiiich are involved in it are of too grave
importance for me ever to consent to refer
it to a committee of that character. When
the bill came to the Senate we ingrafted upon
it distinctively the principle of universal suf-
frage as the one on which reconstruction should
be grounded in all the southern States. It is
known to members of this Senate that I for
one have contended for four years past that I
never would assent to the admission of any of
these States into the councils of the nation
until they had bottomed these constitutions
upon that doctrine of universal suffrage. Now,
sir, here is a measure incorporating it in the
fullest degree, incorporating it in advance
before they form their constitutions, incorpo-
rating it as one of the features of their consti-
tutions, and then reserving to Congress itself
the approval thereafter of those constitutions
when presented. These are grounds of recon-
struction that I enn heartily and cordially in-
dorse. I am not willing to trust these grounds
to the manipulation of any committee, the con-
stitution of which I know not, and which may
force me to a vote here and to the onus of
defeating the whole measure in the late and
last hours of the session.
1 have seen a good deal of this legislation by
committees of conference, and I have rarely
seen a conference report that met with my
approval. The result of such conferences is
generally to bring back a report at the last
hours of the session, a report that does not
embody the decision of the Senate, and to throw
the onus of the defeat of the measure and of all
involved along with it, not upon those to whom
it properly belongs, the members of the con-
ference committee, but upon individual Sena-
tors who may find it necessary to vindicate their
faith by voting against the measure, although
their action may be in perfect accord with the
almost unanimous approval previously of the
Senate.
For these reasons I for one shall not approve
of any reference of this matter to a committee
of conference. I have no objection to insisting
upon the action of the Senate and letting the
House take further action, whether it will amend
the amendment we have sent to them; but I
will not for one assent to any other disposal of
the subject.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, my delib-
erate judgment is that the Senate ought to agree
to a committee of Conference and exhaust every
legitimate means to procure the passage of this
bill; but my individual opinion seems to be
generally overruled by those with whom I am
in the habit of acting in this body. I do not
know upon what ground it is assumed that those
who may constitute the committee will recede
from the position that the Senate has taken or
will compromise away the principles that are
involved in this bill, or upon what ground it is
assumed that the conferees on the part of the
House may not accede to the positions that have
been taken by the Senate. But as it is assumed
1 that those who may be am>ointed on behalf of
! the Senate would not reflect the views of the
body, and as I made the motion, afteT the
expressions that have been made here, I would
not consent under any circumstances to serve
on such a committee.
Mr. President, I prepared this bill in the
first place. I waited month after month for
some of these old and experienced legislators
to bring forward something upon the subject
of reconstruction ; but nothing was done, and
this military bill, as it is called, was prepared
by me and introduced into the Senate. It was
referred to the joint Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, and by that committee it was reported
with some verbal amendments to the House
of Representatives, and it passed the House
and was brought here to the Senate. As it
will be remembered, I indicated at the time,
on account of suggestions made to me by Sen-
ators, that I would propose an amendment.
Upon questions of this kind I do not believe
i that anyone man is wiser than everybody else;
| that any man knows so much as not sometimes
to be enlightened by the suggestions of others;
and when it was suggested to me in the Sen-
ate by several members in whose judgment I
have great confidence, that something like the
Blaine amendment would be advisable and
acceptable to the Senate, I gave notice that [
would propose that amendment; but when I
was advised as to the condition of business in
the House of Representatives, I gave notice
then that I would not propose the amendment,
and that I felt it my duty, in view of the ne-
cessity of passing the bill, to oppose all amend-
ments, and I did oppose all amendments ; but
I was overruled and I acquiesced and supported
the bill as amended. I am very anxious that
it should pass as amended, notwithstanding
my particular views have not in all respects
obtained in reference to this bill.
When I prepared this bill it was my opinion
that the true policy on the part of Congress
was to establish a military power in the South
adequate to the protection of loyal men, and
when that power was there made efficient, then
to proceed with the business of reconstruction
by the necessary legislation ; and I undertake
to say that you may pass as many laws as you
please, you may enact as many enabling acts
as you please, but they will be a dead letter
upon the statute-book unl,ess military power is
put in the South to protect the loval men in
the exercise of their rights under that legis-
lation.
Mr. CONNESS. All agree upon that prop-
osition.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know whether
all agree upon it or not; but these are my
views, and it was with that view that this bill
was prepared. But, sir, as I have stated. 1
would not consent to serve upon this commit-
tee, and it is manifest that the Senate will not
agree to the appointment of a committee.
Mr. BROW N. Allow me to say a word to
the Senator before he takes his seat. He seems
to have taken to heart some remarks made by
me.
Mr. TV ILLIAMS. Not at all.
Mr. BROWN. I had no allusion to the Sen-
ator as being on that committee. It did not
occur to me at the moment that he would prob-
ably be a member of the conference commit-
tee, as having moved the conference ; but I can
say to him that although he misht be a member
of that committee, and I might have perfect
confidence, as I would, in his tmlv reflecting
the sediment of the Senate, yet he would
