1861
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1561
simply be one of that committee, and might
easily be overruled in any action of the con-
ference. *
Mr. WILLIAMS. I did not understand the
Senator particularly to allude to me more than
other Senators, and I did not suppose any of
them alluded to me specially.
Mr. CONN ESS. Not at all.
Mr. WILLIAMS. But then, of course, as I
made the motion, under the circumstances I
should expect to be appointed on the com-
mittee. But, without any further discussion,
with the consent of the Senate, I withdraw the
motion that I made.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
insist upon its amendment to the House bill,
and that the usual message be sent to the
House, and I think this is all that is necessary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Oregon is withdrawn,
and the Senator from Ohio now moves that the
Senate insist upon its amendment. The Chair
entertains strong doubts about the motion
being parliamentary, but will not refuse to
entertain it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have examined the
parliamentary law.
Mr. CONNESS. I rise to say to the honor-
able Senator from Oregon that whatever oppo-
sition I have made to the creation of a confer-
ence committee did not go to the Senator, for
if such a course was taken there is no Senator
in whose hands I would trust either that or any
other subject sooner than in his.
Mr. WADE. I wish to say the same in
regard to the remarks I made.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is not necessary.
Mr. WADE. I suppose not; but I never
thought of stich a thing.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I beg to be pardoned
for saying a word on this subject. In my
mind neither the original bill nor the amended
bill as passed by the Senate holds any favorite
place. Under ordinary circumstances I would
vote for a committee of conference as a matter
of course, in a case of this kind, in order to
produce agreement between the two Houses
and to facilitate the transaction of public busi-
ness ; but I understand perfectly well what
voting for a committee of conference in this:
case means. Upon the enunciation of the
committee of conference, as appointed by the
other House, I understand that our appointing
a committee on this subject to join with the
House committee of conference, and commit-
ting this subject to them, means, and means
only, the utter defeat and destruction of the
Senate proposition. The idea of any general
or liberal concession to the oj#nions of the
Senate from a committee constituted as this
one would be is perfectly idle. There are cer-
tain mental constitutions which we entirely
comprehend, and in this case the result is not
one of doubt.
Now, sir, being indifferent between the two
measures—the original bill and the amended
bill—I simply vote to sustain the dignity of the
Senate on this subject. I do not propose to
send our measure to a tribunal which will
utterly destroy the whole work that has been
done by this body. I would vote against the
motion to appoint a committee of conference,
if it were persisted in, but I believe that prop-
osition has been withdrawn. For the present
I shall vote to insist upon the amendment made
by the Senate, simply as an act of duty to the
body of which I am a member, under the
peculiar circumstances.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish it distinctly under-
stood, after the remarks made by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, that I make this motion in
the sincere hope that the House will reconsider
its vote. When the bill is sent back there, a
motion can then be made to recede from its
disagreement. If, however, the Honse should
still insist upon the disagreement, I shall be
perfectly willing then to go for a committee of
conference. In the first instance, I think the
Senate ought to stand by its amendment, be-
cause I do not see how a committee of con-
ference can vary the question as it now stands.
Mr. WILSON. I had intended to vote to
send this bill back to the House without a com-
mittee of conference, but after the remark just
made by the Senator from Ohio, I do not see
any object in making any further fight.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not said a word
in reference to this bill. I believe I have never
opened my mouth in regard to it in the Senate.
I never regarded the bill as it came from the
House of Representatives, called the military
bill, as of the slightest importance. The law
as it now stands confers all the power that was
attempted to be conferred by that House bill.
I will read the section of the statute, and it
will be seen that it embraces everything that
was in the original House bill as it came here.
It is the fourteenth section of the act amenda-
tory of the act creating the Freedmen's Bureau.
" Sec. 14. And be it further enacted. That in every
State or district where the ordinary course of judicial
proceedings has been interrupted by the rebellion,
and until the same shall be fulls; restored, and in
every State or district whose constitutional relations
to the Uovermmenthave been practically discontinued
by the rebellion, and until such State shall have been
restored in such relations, and shall be duly repre-
sented in the Congress of the United States, the right
to make and enforce contracts, to sue, bo parties, and
give evidence, to inherit, purchase, lease, sell, hold
and convey real and personal property, and to have
full and equal benefit of all laws and proceedings
concerning personal liberty, personal security, and
the acquisition, enjoyment, and disposition of estate,
real and personal, including the constitutional right
to bear arms, shall be secured to and enjoyed by all
the citizens of such State or district without respect
to race or color or previous condition of slavery.
And whenever in either of said States or districts
the ordinary course of judicial proceedings has been
interrupted by the rebellion, and until the sameshall
be fully restored, and untilsuch State shallhavebeen
restored in its constitutional relations to the Govern-
ment and shall be duly represented in the Congress
of the United States, the President shall, through the
Commissioner and the officers of the bureau, and
under such rules and regulations as the President,
through theSeoretary of War, shall prescribe, extend
military protection and have military jurisdiction
over all cases and questions concerning the free en-
joyment of such immunities and rights, and no pen-
alty or punishment for any violation of law shall be
imposed or permitted because of race or color orpre-
vious condition of slavery other or greater than the
penalty or punishment to which white persons may
be liable by law for the like offense. But the juris-
diction conferred by this section upon the officers of
the bureau shall notexistin any State where theordi-
nary course of judicial proceedings has not been in-
terrupted by the rebellion, and shall cease in every
State when the courts of the State and the United
States are not disturbed in the peaceful course of jus-
tice, and after such State shall be fully restored in its
constitutional relations to the Government, and shall
be duly represented in the Congress of the United
States."
This law made it necessary to divide the
rebellious States into districts, and assign to
the command of them a Commissioner, who is
General Howard, and assistant commissioners,
who are Army officers detailed by the Presi-
dent, which is exactly what the bill which came
from the House did ; and it made it the duty
of the President to protect these persons by
the military power, for the Freedmen's Bureau
is but a branch of the military service—made
it his duty to protect them in every right and
in the enjoyment of every liberty. Did this
bill do anything more? There is no sort of
importance in the bill. If this has not been
done, your law has not been executed; that is
all. Will it be executed any better if you repeat
the law? It is but a reiteration of what the
statute already is, passed less than a year ago.
I thought it was important that something else
should be put upon this bill, and I was very
much in favor of the amendment which the
Senate made. The House of Representatives
have, however, refused to concur in that amend-
ment, and the bill comes back to the Senate
with their refusal, and some feeling is mani-
fested about it here as to what we ought to do.
I have no feeling. As I said, I have taken no
part in the debates which have arisen upon
this question in the Senate. I want to do that
which shall be for the best. I am desirous that
these rebel States shall be restored to their
constitutional relations to the Government at
the earliest period it can be done with safety
to the Republic, and with safety to the loyal
men and the freedmen in the South. I am
unwilling that it shall be done leaving those
States in the control and undpr the domination
of the very men who inaugurated the war and
brought on the rebellion. 1 thought the amend-
ment put upon this bill by the Senate contained
every guarantee that had ever been asked for
by any one. It provided that no State govern-
ment should be organized there unless it was
organized by delegates chosen by all the male
inhabitants, without regard to race or color,
who were twenty-one years of age, excluding
only those who had participated in rebellion
or been guilty of a crime. It provided that
this constitution when thus framed should be
submitted to all the people, the same people
who elected the delegates. It provided that it
must receive their sanction. It provided, then,
that this government thus formed must ratify
the constitutional amendment which excluded
S from office, as we all know, every person who
• had held an office of any considerable import-
! ance and afterward took part in the rebellion.
! It would instantly turn out of office, I think,
! every Governor, every judge, and every impor-
, tant officer through all the rebellious States.
This provision of ours provided that the con-
stitutional amendment should be adopted before
the government could be recognized, and that
constitutional amendment excludes from office
every person who ever took an oath to support
the Conslftution of the United States, as a
qualification for any office of any significance
or importance and afterward took part in re-
bellion, and this would sweep out nearly every
person in all the rebellious States who now
holds office. I am told it would be a general
sweeping out of the whole of them, and would
necessarily put the governments in loyal hands.
Then, sir, beyond all this, before the gov-
ernments thus set up could be recognized they
must be submitted to Congress and be ap-
proved by Congress itself; and, further than
that, as the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Brown]
reminds me, they must incorporate universal
suffrage in their constitutions.
Now, sir, if you ever mean that these rebel
States shall be organized, peace and harmony
and good-will shall be restored in this country,
will you afford no means to do it? What more
do you ask? What else would you have ? Can
anybody think of anything else to require of
these people except to put their governments
in loyal hands, adopt the constitutional amend-
ment, adopt universal suffrage, and keep rebels
out of power? What more, I ask, can be
required of them?
But, sir, this is rejected and comes back to
the Senate, and the question is, What shall we
do ? It was first moved that the Senate agree
to appoint a committee of conference. What
is the objection to that? The Senator from
Missouri stated it very aptly. It is that we
should thereby submit to a committee of con-
ference this whole question of reconstruction,
and place ourselves in the position of having a
mere negative upon the action of that commit-
tee. When that committee reported we should
be in the condition of the Senate on' a nomi-
nation from the President. We may reject the
nominee, but we cannot select another person
to fill the office. We may reject the report
of a committee of conference, but we cannot
amend it. We cannot propose anything in
regard to it. We should be like the French
Senate, a body of merely negative powers. I
believe there the laws are proposed by the
ministry, and the Senate have the right, if they
think proper, to reject them.
Sir, I am not willing to put myself in that
condition. I want to be free to act, to propose
amendments, and to vote upon amendments,
and consider the question, and not be put in
the position of taking the precise thing that
may be reported by a committee of conference
or nothing. I do not think such a question as
this should go to a committee of conference,
and therefore I am opposed to it; and I regret
exceedingly the remark which has fallen from
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] that
if the House refuses to recede from, its position
we can then have no committee of conference.
Sir, never by my vote. Never shall such a
great question as this, open in all its parts, be
