1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
undertaking a survey of the Isthmus of Cari'en for
the purpose of discovering a favorable libe Or a, ship-
canal to connect the two oceans "so 'far ras :tlfe same
can bo done without prejudice to the interests of
^he naval service at those stations, .Or at additional
expense to the Government.
Mr. SPRAGUE. In this connection I de-
sire Simply to state that informally I presented
the matter to the consideration" of the Com-
mit tee on Commerce, who as informally gave it
their approval, so far as.the manner of arriv-
ing at the desired result is concerned. I have
also consulted with the chairman of the Com-
rBittee on Naval Affairs,who in the same man-
ner approved ofthe proposition. The case is
sitnply this: some ten or more gentlemen of
high standing and of, wealth and of enterprise
have associated themselves together and .have
contributed a fund for the employment of a
party of. surveyors for the purpose of investi-
f'ation. They have some Sught idea, from the
riowledge of the past and from the investiga-
tion's of the present, and from information from
parties with whom they have connection, that
there may be found a line of Connection be-
tween the two oceans where many hundred
years ago the Indians sailed from the Atlantic
to the Pacific and vice versa. The object of
this resolution is to request the Secretary of the
Wavy, when it can be done at no expense to
the Government, and soasnot to be incompat-
ible with the naval service, to aid these parties
in the prosecution of that enterprise.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, it will be
remembered that about the end of the last
session of Congress there were some reso-
lutions passed upon this subject, and an appro-
priation of money obtained, to enable the War
Department to conduct a survey wherever it
should be found practicable upon the report to
be made from the chief of the Naval Observa-
tory on that subject; and further explorations
were directed with a view of ascertaining the
best route for a ship-canal between the two
oceans, the Atlantic and the Pacific. This
appears to be amovement entirely separate and
apart from that, and instituted or to be insti-
tuted by private parties or capitalists on their
own account. For one, I am in favor of any
and every means of developing further knowl-
edge and throwing further light upon the great
subject involved; but I would suggest to my
friend who has introduced this resolution that
it should be more specific in its character, and
that in place of directing the Secretary of the
Navy to furnish ships at the instance of per-
sons who might apply, a particular organiza-
tion of citizens should be designated and their
responsibility shown before action should be
taken; or, in other words, that the resolution
should have that shape. I would say also to
my friend that the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads had charge of the subject last
year and have considered it, though I have no
choice, for one, as to which committee of this
body it should go to. I think it will be found
that perhaps another shape for the resolution
will be necessary. I am very glad that the
honorable Senator lias undertaken to aid 111 the
preliminary steps of the grand enterprise of
constructing a great ship-canal between the
two oceans.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President this is pre-
liminary ; the formation of the company is in
the future. It may be remembered that the
Government of the United States have for
many years had the matter of a ship-canal
under their serious consideration. We have
from time to time had reports in relation to
that object. We have sent expeditions there,
obtaining the consent of the authorities of the
Isthmus, and have at great expense and at
great loss of life been unable up to the present
time to succeed. It would not be a marvel,
nor would it be surprising, if that which the
Government has failed to accomplish should
be accomplished by private enterprise. It
would not be astonishing if in this case as in
many others a great enterprise should be suc-
cessfully carried into effect after Government
had made every effort for its accomplishment
and had failed. I can see no possible objec-
tion to affording whatever facilities the naval
officers at these points may furnish to the
party of gentlemen who are undertaking this
enterprise. I can guaranty, as a Senator,
the respectability and the reliability of these
gentlemen, and I know that what they, may
ask for will not be any expense to the Govern-
ment or in any form contrary to the interests
of the naval service upon this continent,
I trust the Senate will pass the resolution.
There is nothing more in it than is presented
on its face ; and I should support a similar res-
olution of the honorable Senator from Califor-
nia, if he or a company of his friends Should
have an idea that there might be a line-in the
secret recesses of that region not thought of, not
known, and not believed by ninety-nine hun-
dredths of mankind.
Mr.GRIMES. When the Senator- from
Rhode Island \vas kind enough to show me this
resolution yesterday, no objection occurred to
my mind at that time and none has since oc-
curred to its passage; but I suggest to him that
it would be well -enough for him to modify it so
that this direction of the Secretary of the Navy
may be sent to any officer rather than to the
officers who may happen for the moment to be
in command at Aspinwall and Panama. They
may be subordinate officers; and were the Sec-
retary of the Navy disposed to shrink from the
responsibility which the resolution naturally
confers upon him, which I have no reason to
suppose would be the case'—in fact I am satisfied
it would not be the ease—there would be abun-
dant opportunity for him to do so according to
the phraseology of the resolution. I would sug-
gest to the Senator that he modify it so as to
authorize the Secretary to direct either the
admiral in command of the South Pacific squad-
ron or the admiral in command of the South
Atlantic squadron to attend to this matter, or
to detail any naval officer that he may see fit,
and not to specify that this service must be
rendered by the naval officer who may happen
for the time to be in command at Aspinwall or
Panama. Now, I think, we have no naval officer
at Aspinwall. We had a receiving-ship there
during the war, hut have not now.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It is intended by the
Department, as I am told, to have a vessel
always at one or the other of these points.
Mr. GRIMES. One of them.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I shall be very glad to
modify the resolution as proposed by the Sen-
ator from Iowa, to meet the desired end, so
that the order may be addressed to any officer
instead of the officer in command at those
points.
Mr. POLAND. I move that the Senate'pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 598.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution before the Senate is not yet dis-
posed of.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Twill prepare an amend-
ment to the resolution to meet the views of the
Senator from Iowa.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With the
permission of the Senate, while the joint resolu-
tion is being modified, the Chair will lay before
the body a concurrent resolution from the
House of Representatives.
ADJOURNMENT FOR CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS.
The Secretary read the following resolution
received yesterday from the House of Repre-
sentatives :
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when the
House adjourns on Thursday the 20th instant, they
adjourn to meet on Thursday the 3d day of January
next.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That will lead to debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to its present consideration?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution must lie over.
MESSAGE FROM THE 1IOUS15.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 1J
to regulate the elective franchisein the/District
of Columbia; and also that the House hadeon-
curred in the amendments of the Senate'to'the
hill (H. & No. 87t>) making appropriations and
to supply deficiencies in the  ^prrthriati<on9 Tor
the service of the Government for the fiscal y'eafr
ending June 80, 1867, and for other purposes.
AUMISglON OF NEBRASKA. .,
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone all prior
orders aad proeeedto. the consideration of the
bill for the admission of the Territory of Ne-
braska into the Uiiion fcg a State,' : ,
Mr. POLAND, Early last wesok I gave no1-
tice to the Senate that on Mondayof this week
I would move to proceed to the consideration
of the House bill to establish^, uniform system
of bankroptcy. I Was not -aware at the time of
fiving that notice that a similar "notice had
een given by the. honorable Senator from
Maine, the chairman of the Committee on the
District of Columbia, [Mr. Mokriix,} that he
would ask at that time to have lihe biil taken
up which has been underconsideration for the
last three or four days. " I did not desire to an-
tagonize this bill against that One, 'and I there-
fore waived the notice I had given and allowed
that bill to be taken tip without any controvert
in relation to the order of business. The mo-
tion is now to proceed to the consideration of
a House bill, which was passed at a later pe-
riod in the last session than the bill that I have
in charge, the bankrupt bill. It seem? to me
that if there is any bill which is deserving of
consideration, deserving of precedence, one in
which a very large number of persons are in-
terested, and very deeply interested too, it is
this bill to establish a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy. Certainly no bill is now before the
Senate, there will be none before the Sen-
ate—I mean none having no political signif-
icance—in which so large a number of per-
sons are interested and feel a deep interest.
I hope that the motion of the Senator from
Ohio to take up the bill he refers to will not
prevail, but that the Senate will allow me to
have the bill to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy taken up and considered. It is an
earlier bill and a more important bill, as I
believe, than the one which the gentleman has
in charge.
Mr. WADE. I think that this bill for the
admission of a State into the Union, which has
been delayed so long, is as pressing and as
worthy of immediate consideration as any
other business which could be presented. 1
do not think it is quite just to those gentlemen
who have been elected to this body as Sena-
tors, and who have waited for a long time in a
state of uncertainty, for us to delay the deci-
sion of the question whether they shall come
into this body or not. If they are entitled to
their seats here, as I have no doubt they are,
it is their right, and what is more, it is the
right of their State, that they should be upon
this floor and participate in the disposition of
the very question that the Senator from Ver-
mont wishes to antagonize-with this and all
other important questions. I cannot conceive
that there is any question more pressing and
important than for us to ascertain who are en-
titled to seats upon this floor and to participate
with us in the legislation of the body. If the
people of Nebraska have entitled themselves
to admission, it is their right to be represented
here; and it is discourteous to the gentlemen
whom they have sent not to consider their
case. They have been exceedingly patient;
they have been kept long waiting; they are
anxious to have the question decided; and I
hope the Senate will take it up now and decide
it. In regard to the bill of the Sen&tor from
Vermont, I will only say that my mind is not
quite made up as to how I shall vote upon it;
but that does not affect the question now before
us. I think the bill I have in charge is one
which is entitled to precedence.
Mr. SUMNEH. Mr. President, I am against
the bill which has been moved to-day by ray
excellent friend, the Senator from Ohio, and I
