886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
impossible to induce citizens of the United
States to reside abroad at the places where the
offices are to be held, and to exercise the func-
tion of the offices. I hardly suppose that to
be the case. But I do know that it is right
and proper to do something to correct the
abuse which exists in the appointment of irre-
sponsible persons in the countries where they
reside to fill these offices.
In the first place these people, who are there
to guard American interests and to meet the
wants of American citizens abroad are not
themselves full of American sympathies, are
not supplied with American knowledge, and
are not, therefore, competent, really and truly,
to represent American interests. I know that
there are a great many places, even where
Americans reside and might be employed,
where persons are appointed to fill official
positions who are aliens, and in some instances
have never even been in the United States.
For instance, there are many who are partners
in foreign houses with others who find it con-
venient to recommend one of their partners
for such appointment, because of some com-
mercial advantage to be derived from having
one of the concern to represent the Govern-
ment. There are also persons who are insti-
gated to apply for such, places for the reason
that they can wear cocked hats and a little
gold lace, and strut among their fellow-citizens
at home in the enjoyment of certain privileges
as representing a powerful Government abroad.
It may be that my amendment is too broad
in the classes it embraces; but it seems to me
that some corrective needs to be applied. It
seems to me to be obvious that the representa-
tives of America abroad ought to be Americans,
either by adoption as naturalized citizens or
as natives of the country.
An objection has sometimes been made that
our representatives abroad do not always under-
stand the language of the country to which they
ara accredited. That is an objection which every
day, under the progress of education, is ceas-
ing to exist, and especially by this provision
for consular pupils which now exists. In view
of this educational progress among our people,
I apprehend tliat wherever America needs to
be represented an American of some sort can
be found competent to fill the place.
Mr. MAYNARD. I .would suggest to the
fentleman from Ohio whether he has not made
is amendment too broad. We have vice con-
suls, who act temporarily during the absence
of the consul, whose emoluments are not such
as would justify any man in going abroad from
this country. There are also consular agents,
whose whole compensation would be insuf-
ficient to pay the expenses of a person in going
to Europe and returning.
Mr. KASSON. If the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maynard] will allow me, I will
propose an amendment which I think my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] will accept: to ex-
clude from the operation of his amendment all
those embraced in schedule C; that is to say,
let his rule apply to all who receive $1,500and
upward a year.
Mr. MAYNARD. Would it not be well also
to exclude vice consuls and consular agents ?
Mr. KASSON. I do not understand that
they are included in the amendment.
Mr. ^ MAYNARD. Very well; I have no
objection to that.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend the amend-
mentofthegentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schesck]
by striking out the following:
Nor shall any consul or commercial agent not a
citizen of the United States be authorized to charge
or receive fees of any kind for serncos as such con-
sular agent.
And insert in lien thereof the words:
Except, the consulates anrl agencies embraced in
schedule C.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand the object
of the gentleman representing the Committee
on Appropriations [Mr. Kasson] is to get rid
of that portion of my amendment which applies
this rule to those who are only paid by fees.
Mr. KASSON. And also to those who are
allowed the privilege of trading. In some very
bad places where Americans will not go, our
agents are allowed the privilege of trading.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will modify my amend-
ment, in accordance with, the suggestion of the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson-,] so that
it will read:
No money appropriated by this act shall be applied
to the payment of salary or compensation to any
diplomatic representative of any grade, or to any
consul or commercial agent of the united Stateswho
is not a citizen of the United States, native or duly
naturalized, exoept the consulates and agencies em-
braced in schedule C.
I want to try the experiment of being repre-
sented abroad by Americans.
Mr. Schejjck's amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
The following clause'was read :
For salaries of tho marshals for tho consular courts
in Japan, including that at Nagasaki, and in China,
Siam, and Turkey, including loss by exchange there-
on, $9,000.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to insert after the
clause just read the following :
For the salaries of consuls at the Mahc-Seychelles
Islands, and at St. Domingo, which consulates arc
hereby established and added to schedule B, $1,500
each, $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed reading the bill.
The following clause was read:
For expenses under the aot to encourage immigra-
tion, $20,000.
Mr. CHANLER. I would like to ask for
the sake of information the gentleman who is
in charge of this bill what is really the object
of this appropriation. I understand that the
person who was placed in charge of this Immi-
gration Bureau in the State Department has
left it to take some position in his native State
or in the State of New Jersey. Now, I would
like to be informed if that Bureau of Immigra-
tion is really in practical operation at this time;
where it reaches the immigrant in Europe ;
and where a e its officers on this side of the
Atlantic, whereby the immigrant can be expe-
dited to the place to which he would go. So far
as I know every State, and nearly every county
in every State, has its agents in Europe for
the very purpose of encouraging immigration
to this country, and they incur large expenses
for this purpose. Now, it seems to me to
be rather inconsistent and useless to be tax-
ing the people twice over for the same thing,
unless some particular benefit arises from this
bureau in the State Department. I think it is
due to the country that we should vote know-
ingly upon this matter, and for the purpose of
bringing the question to a test I move to strike
out the clause relating to the encouragement
of immigratio"h.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Chanler] does not need
to be informed by rne that the Bureau of Im-
migration is established by law and is now in
operation, the officers having been appointed
by the President under an existing law. The
Committee on Appropriations have only recom-
mended the appropriation necessary to carry
that law into effect. If you wish to avoid car-
rying out that law it must be repealed. If the
House chooses to repeal it I do not know that
I shall have any particular objection to it. But
until that is done the gentleman must see that
the committee were bound to recommend the
appropriation.
Mr. CHANLEB. The gentleman misunder-
stands the drift of my inquiry. My object is
not really to strike out this appropriation, but
to learn whether the existing law is really being
carried out: _ whether the State Department is
really doing its duty in this matter. I under-
stand that the person who was placed in charge
of that bureau is not now in his place; that
that bureau at this moment really has no head
to it. I desire information from the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania on that point. I was
fully awaro that this appropriation was iu
accordance with existing law; therefore what
the gentleman has said does not meet my
inquiry.
Mr. STEVENS. I did not fully understand
the gentleman before, probably because there
was so much noise about me here. Whether
the Secretary of State has properly carried out
this law or not I should of course feel great
delicacy in inquiring. I took it for granted
that all the officers of this Government were
doing their duty, and until some malfeasance
is alleged against them I shall presume that
every officer of the Government is fulfilling his
duty and executing the law.
Mr. CHANLER. I will ask the gentleman
in this connection whether it is not the prac-
tice of the Committee on Appropriations to send
to the different Departments for information
with regard to the propriety of the appropria-
tions which are called for. Is it supposed that
these gentlemen who send in their estimates
are always right? Is not the committee ap-
pointed for the purpose of ascertaining whether
the facts justify the appropriations asked for
by the different Departments?
Mr. STEVENS. All T can say is that it has
not been the custom of the Committee on
Appropriations to send to the heads of Depart-
ments to ascertain whether they are doingtheir
duty. We are without any precedent whatever'
of that sort. When a Department sends us,
as in this case, its estimate, and when we find,
that estimate to conform to an existing law
providing for such an appropriation, we report
in favor of the appropriation, unless there be
some allegation against the Department. We
presume, in the absence of information to the
contrary, that they do their duty.
Mr. CHANLER. Then I ask the gentleman
with what consistency he moved his amendment
striking out the appropriation for the embassy
at Rome? Where are his allegations, where is
his proof on this subject? If on this question
ignoramus is his plea, he is welcome to it.
Mr. STEVENS. I shall not go back to
Rome to-day. [Laughter.] We have passed
that matter. All I can say is, that where we
ourselves know facts which appear to justify
us in withholding an appropriation, we sup-
pose it to be our duty to withhold it. We
know of no allegation against the administra-
tion of this bureau by the Secretary of State;
and I am satisfied that the gentleman will not
now bring a railing accusation against that of-
ficer for the purpose of inculpating the Commit-
tee of Appropriations.
Mr. CHANLER. I think that is impossi-
ble. [Laughter. ]
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir; I supposed so.
Hence this appropriation ought to pass.
Mr. CHANLER. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out the
clause from line one hundred and twenty-four
to line one hundred and twenty-seven, reading
as follows:
For expenses of the commission to run and mark
theboundary linebetween the United States and tho
British Possessions bounding on Washington Terri-
tory, $28,070.
This appropriation seems to me one of those
barnacles which are trying to fasten them-
selves on the Treasury of this Government.
If the committee will grant me their atten-
tion, I will endeavor to give the history of
this matter and the reasons why I think we
had better look into it.
It will be recollected that some twenty years
ago it was supposed that our title to the whole
of Oregon was clear and unquestioned. The
doctrine at that day was "54° 4(K, or fight."
But in the summer of 1846 a treaty was nego-
tiated between our Government and that of
Great Britain through the agency of our Secre-
tary of State, Mr. Buchanan, and the British
minister, Mr. Packenham. The first article of
that treaty was in these words:
"From.the point on the forty-ninth parallel of
north latitude, where the boundary laid down in ex-
isting treaties and conventions between the United
States and Great Britain terminates, the line of
boundary between the Territories of the United
States and those of her Britannic Majesty shall be
continued westward along the said forty-ninth par-
allel of north latitude to the middle of the channel
which separates the continent from Vancouver's
island, and thence southerly through the middle of
the said channel and of Fuca's straits to the Pacific
