1564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
  •
February 19,
will be the same difficulty in attempting to
draw such distinctions lhat we had when we
attempted to frame a property qualification for
the negro.
We sweep from our legislation all tests for
voting except such as each State may prescribe.
We build reconstruction upon the broadest
humanity and invite all men to take part in the
work. So far as voting is concerned we pro-
claim universal amnesty in exchange for uni-
versal suffrage, and yet the Senator is not satis-
fied. What more did he ask a year ago?
Nothing. If we exclude from votingthe rebels
of the South, who compose nearly all the former
voting population, what becomes of the repub-
lican doctrine that all governments must be
founded on the consent of the governed ? I in-
voke constitutional liberty against such a prop-
osition. Beware, sir, lest in guarding against
rebels you destroy the foundation of republican
institutions. I like rebels no better than the
Senator from Massachusetts; but, sir, I will not
supersede one form of oligarchy in which the
blacks were slaves by another in which the
whites are disfranchised outcasts. Let us intro-
duce no such horrid deformity into the Amer-'
ican Union. Ourpath has been toward enfran-
chisement and liberty. Let us not turn back-
ward in our course, but after providing all
necessary safeguards for white and black, let
us reconstruct society in the rebel States npon
the broad basis of universal suffrage.
This bill does not proclaim universal amnesty
except as to voting. On the contrary, it re-
quires these States to adopt a constitutional
amendment by which the leading men disable
themselves from holding office. Six thousand
or perhaps ten thousand of the leading men of
the South are embraced in the restriction of
the constitutional amendment, and are forever
excluded from holding office until two thirds
of both Houses of Congress relieve them from
that restriction. Is not that enough? Is it
not enough that they are humiliated, conquered,
their pride broken, their property lost, hun-
dreds and thousands of their best and bravest
buried under their soil, their institutions gone,
they themselves deprived of the right to hold
office, and placed in political power on the
same footing with their former slaves? Is not
that enough ? I say it is, and a generous peo-
ple will not demand more.
But, sir, when the attempt is made to defeat
a measure of this kind, which yields all that
the Senator has ever openly demanded in the
Senate, all that has ever been demanded by
any popular community in this great country,
all that has been demanded by any Legislature,
more than we claimed at the last election, I
have the right to characterize this opposition
as unusual and unnatural. Sir, let us issue
this call to the people of the southern States.
We have given here our deliberate judgment
on a legal proposition : we say that the State
fovernments organized by the President of the
fnited States were without authority of law,
because they were without the sanction of Con-
gress. We therefore sweep them away, not
for all purposes, but for all State purposes.
We deny their validity as State governments.
They oniy have the same force and effect as
the local Mexican law had in California after
we conquered California, the same effect that
the local law of Maryland would have if the
British should overrun the whole of Maryland;
no more, no less. The State communities are
swept out of existence, and the people are re-
quired to proceed in their own way to form
State governments. What objection can there
be to this?
No machinery is provided, it is true ; but we
have three examples already in our history of
States being organized by the people without
any previous enabling act. Here is an invita-
tion to the people. They can call their party
conventions, their State conventions, and finally
by a movement of the people, without regard
to their local Legislature or local tribunals, a
constitutional convention can be convened,
elected by all the people, and they can form a
constitution. We prescribe what shall be in
11 that constitution, and say that they shall, by
i that constitution, secure the elective franchise
11 to all. Then the constitution is to be submit-
1 ted to all the people, black and white, and to
be ratified by a majority of those who vote at
that election. All these steps must be taken
I before there is any danger of Senators coming
; here to sit alongside of my friend from Mas-
sachusetts. Then that constitution must be
brought by these people and laid here in the
Halls of Congress, that the Senate and the
House may examine it. Then he can raise his
objections to it; and even at that stage, if Con-
![ gross does not ratify it, the whole superstruct-
' I ure falls. If, however, they have gone through
1 all this machinery, then we say to them they
1 shall go further, and tlieir Legislature shall
adopt the constitutional amendment; and what
| is that? Why, sir, it is an amendment which
; requires of their leading men to surrender all
| hope of office until two thirds of both Houses
l shall proclaim universal amnesty. Even that
i amendment which received the sanction of
j Congress never proposed to debar them of the
j right of voting, and if you now carry out the
idea of the Senator from Massachusetts you
have no longer a republican form of govern-
ment in these States, according to his own
definition. He told us over and over again, at
the last session, that there was no republican
form of government in the southern States,
because all the people were not armed with the
ballot; and yet he now proposes to organize
these governments that are not republican
because all the white people will be excluded
from voting. South Carolina was not a repub-
lican form of government before, because none
of the blacks could vote; and now he proposes
to organize South Carolina without letting any
of the whites vote.
The exemptions and qualifications of that
constitutional amendment are ample protec-
tion. What more? While excluding these
men from holding office, the constitutional
amendment provides that all men shall stand
equal before the law; provides ample security
for the rights of all, blacks and whites; and
if they attempt hereafter to take away or limit
the right of the black man to vote they are
met by the provision which declares that it
can only be done by a loss" of political power
on their part. Then there is another clause
of the constitutional amendment giving Con-
gress ample power to enforce all the provis-
ions of the amendment.
What more can you want unless you are will-
ing to adopt the principle, now for the first
time proclaimed by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, of depriving the larger portion of the
southern white people of the right to vote ? I
am not willing and am unprepared to do that.
I am perfectly willing to give to the negro in
the southern States every protection ana right
that he can possibly have, all that my honora-
ble friend has ever before claimed for him ; to
give him the ballot; to give him the benefit
of military law ; to give him schools; to give
him a constitution in the formation and adop-
tion of which he must participate ; to give him
equal rights before the law. But I am not
willing to deprive the white people of the
southern States of these same rights, merely be-
cause they were dragged into a rebellion, many
of them against their will. Many, I know, were
guilty agents; bat have they not been punished
enough? Is not the loss of property, the loss
of honor, the loss of position, the loss of of-
fice, the loss of everything that can actuate and
move a man of honorable motives, enough?
Are there not enough graves in the South?
Are there not enough recollections which har-
row up all that is bad in the human heart?
Do we want more? Do we want the white
people in the southern States to be deprived
even of the poor right of going to the ballot-
box and exercising political power? Certainly
not. Ihat is not the voice of the American
people. Sir, if my voice could reach every
citizen in this broad land I would not only
appeal to the Senator from Massachusetts, but
I would appeal to the people of the southern
States to accept this as the final and the last
offer that can be made to them. One year ago
we offered to them the constitutional amend-
ment. They have rejected it. It was the most
liberal offer ever made to a conquered people
in their condition. Now, it is necessary for
us to organize governments there, and we again,
following the scriptural rule, say to them, ''If
you will now do justice to the black people
among you who are true and loyal to U3 we
will do justice to you."
Let the South now reject this offer; let the
South admit of no mode of reconstruction ex-
cept the present unhappy condition of military
surveillance, and then we shall be compelled
from the necessity of the case to organize gov-
ernments in the South, even if we have but
ten colored voters to base organization upon;
but, in the mean time, I think the highest states-
manship, yes, the simplest wisdom, demands
that an effort shall be mado, at the same time
protecting the rights of all who have been
true and loyal, to reform constitutional gov-
ernments in the southern States that will rep-
resent the people of those States.
I must express my conviction that if this bill
goes back to the House of Representatives, and
they will do what we cannot do, take up our
amendment and amend it in open debate be-
fore the American people, we can yet come to
a concurrence upon this bill. I do not want to
abandon this great subject to a secret conclave
of six members, three of the Senate and three
of the House of Representatives, where we do
not know who offers a proposed amendment,
where we do not know what form the bill will
finally assume. Let the action of Congress on
this great measure be in the light of day, so
that every man takes his responsibility. If we
send it to a committee of conference, and it
comes back to us, we have to vote on it as an
entirety—take the whole or none; it is beyond
our power to amend it. We must either take
the report of the committee of conference
without question or not at all. . But, sir, if we
send the bill back to the House and enable
them to make such amendments to our amend-
ment as will make it suitable to them, I think
we shall be able to agree with their modifica-
tions. At all events, we shall then have the
issue broadly presented to the American peo-
ple. We shall see the points of disagreement
between the two Houses. Let us reconcile
them, if we can ; but if we cannot, then the
people of the United States, who are our com-
mon judges and arbiters, will decide between
us. For one I shall lose no opportunity, leave
no stone unturned, if possible, to firing about a
concurrence between the two Houses on this
important bill, with a view that it may be sent
to the President of the United States. If he
disapprove it, we then have our appeal to the
next Congress. But, sir, I have occupied a
much longer time in these remarks than I in-
tended when I arose. I merely wished to
reply briefly to the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Oregon,
the author of this bill, moved a committee of
conference. After a brief debate the indica-
tions were so clear that the judgment of the
Senate was against his motion that he with-
drew it. A motion is now made by the Sena-
tor from Ohio to allow the bill to go back to
the House of Representatives, in the hope that
the House will amend the bill or agree to it as
it now stands, and that it can become the law
of the land. I feel, as the Senator from Ohio
feels, entire confidence that the bill can be
passed, and I now suggest to our friends here
that they allow the vote to be taken in order
to give time to do this work. I hope that this
debate in which we seem to be afloat, discuss-
ing general questions, will be dropped, that
we shall take the vote now, and send the bill
back to the House of Representatives, in the
hope that it will there be passed either as it
now stands or be amended in such a way that
we can concur, and that thus this great and
grand measure, the greatest by far of the
measures of the session, if not of any Bession
