THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBI.
December 14,
But,' sir, let :me '^y to the Senator from
Indiaha -that I do not propose to take up the
veto message at-all, because new light' has
cotte before' our eyes showing thte propriety
of fib£ Admission of Colorado, ttnd- showing It,
'as I belifeve, to the President of the United
States so- that, oti the presentation of a new
-bill, he will be very ^lad' to let it pass without
"Ms veto. I have fib doubt of it/ I do not
know that it is so.; "1 express 'no opinion on
"that p6 t;■ bit I know that if the President
shall object tfr the ad'mi ss i on of Colorado into
the Uniori to-day, upon the facts and circum-
: stances which -will be presented, he will do
that'which iio" other President has ever done.
. J•"do not believe that he will do it. -I believe
;*tha:t' if yoa were to" cpnsnlt him. to-day you
■would find it to be his wish that we should
present him a new Colorado bill, so that he
would give it fresh consideration, and, as I
believe, he- would not veto it. Upon that
■hypothesis I have introduced a hew bill. I
hope now that gentlemen will understand the
- reason that has induced me to take the course
' I have seen fit to take, both at this session and
at the former session.
Now, what is the difference between these two
bills, brie for Nebraska and one ftrt- Colorado?
They are both before us. If gentlemen would
let iis get at them, would not, stand here to
debftte longer , than they can give light on the
subject, toy judgment is that during the day we
- -can' pass 'them both. They stand here together.
I have moved to take up the Nebraska bill first,
more from accident, perhaps, than anything
else. I am anxious to take up and consider
both.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to say to the
Senator from Ohio that I was not aware that
he had introduced a new bill in relation to Col-
orado/
Mr. WADE. I have.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire the statement
I have just made to go in connection with my
former remarks.
Mr. WADE. I hope we shall have a vote
on the question. I sincerely hope that both
bills may be taken up and disposed of to-day.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, the hon-
orable Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buck-
alew] omitted to notice a very potential argu-
ment which has been offered in favor of the
present consideration of the bill for the admis-
sion of Nebraska—I allude to the argument pre-
sented by the honorable Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Yates,] that Nebraska had sent Repub-
lican Senators here. This certainly is a very
grave argument; it is worthy of the most seri-
ous consideration, and should not be lightly
passed over! Nebraska, having sent Republi-
can Senators here, their votes being necessary
for the accomplishment of some purpose be-
yond, as has been intimated in the course of
this debate, does it not become our duty, to be
consistent with ourselves, to hasten on her
admission? We were told yesterday, during
the course of the debate on the bill to regulate
suffrage in this District, that it was advocated
because the votes of the negro portion of the
population of the District of Columbia were
necessary. It has been intimated to-day that
the votes of the Senators from Nebraska may
be necessary for the accomplishment of some
object that is to come in the future.
Now, sir, the Senate of the United States
ought to be consistent with itself. If it was
necessary to pass the negro suffrage bill because
the negro votes were needed, and therefore it
was done, and it is now necessary to pass the
bill for the admission of Nebraska because she
has sent Republican Senators, let us be consist-
ent, let us have a clean record. But there is this
question which suggests itself to my mind ;
suppose Nebraska instead of sending Republi-
can Senators here had sent Democratic Sen-
ators here, then the reason would not have
applied, I apprehend, so powerfully; we should
nothavebeen addressed, Ipresume, soearnestly
for the present consideration of this bill. 1
should like to have heard my very able friend
from Pennsylvania meet these great and weighty
arguments, and I now should like to hear him.
I confess that I myself am unable to meet them,
but I know that my friend from Pennsylvania
can do it if he will.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President I hope I
shall be pardoijed if I make one word of reply
to tire Senator from Ohio. He seemed to think
that his argument was advanced by personal
allusions to myself If I understand -hi'm, he
sought to showan inconsistency on my part.
Mr. WADE. Yes, I think!did.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says yes, he
thin'ks he did. Very well, that will justify me then
in one moment's reply. I am'at a loss to un-
derstand how the Senator can find any incon-
sistency on my part if he take's the tronbltf to
understand the facts. He assumed that I voted
for theadmission of Tennessee. I have sent for
the Journal of the Senate.
Mr. WADE. No; I did not say you did.
When you said you did not I gave it up.
Mr. SUMNER. Yery well; I have sent for
the Journal of the Senate and my name will
be found recorded on all the yeas and nays,
and they were very numerous, that were taken
against the admission of Tennessee; and I at
that time assigned the reason, beeause it con-
tained the word white'' in its constitution.
Mr. WADE. You voted for the constitu-
tional amendment.. ■
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says I voted
for the constitutional amendment. I did vote -
forthe constitutional amendment; but I should
like to ask the Senator whether he considers
himself bound now to admit one of these rebel
States if it refuses the suffrage to freedmen. I
should like to ask my friend to answer that.
Mr. WADE. No; I do not.
Mr. SUMNER. I knew he did not.
Mr. WADE. I do not know that I under-
stand the Senator. Let me say that I should
consider myself bound by the constitutional
amendment if the southern States complied
with it within a reasonable time, and that rea-
sonable time, in my judgment, is nearly elapsed.
By a reasonable time I mean as soon as their
Legislatures can consider it. If they adopt the
constitutional amendment, and comply with
the terms prescribed by the reconstruction
committee and adopted by Congress, I should
feel bound to vote for their admission. I
voted for' the constitutional amendment on
that hypothesis.
Mr. SUMNER. Even with the word "white"
in their constitutions?
Mr. WADE. Without regard to that.
Mr. SUMNER. Without regard to the rights
of the freedmen?
Mr. WADE. On complying with the requi-
sitions of the constitutional amendment I
should vote for them.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not agree with the
Senator, and I distinctly stated when that
proposition was under discussion that I did
not accept it as a finality; that I was not in
any respect bound by it; that so far as I had a
vote on this floor I would insist that every one
of these States, before their Representatives
were received in Congress, should confer im-
fartial suffrage, without distinction of color,
insisted upon that at the time, and therefore
I ask my friend what inconsistency is there on
my part now when I insist upon the same rule
with regard to Nebraska.
Mr. WADE. I cannot see how the Senator
could have misled the southern States with
that. When they complied with all we asked
of them in the constitutional amendment I
supposed we could not refuse to let them in on
those terms. If the Senator did not intend
that they should have the benefit of what we
had done by compliance with the terms on
their part it seems to me there was something
wrong. I intended to let them in on the term3
we prescribed. I did not ask more, and I
would not be satisfied with less; and if now
they should comply with them it would be bad
faith inme to refuse to admit them. Certainly,
I am as much for colored suffrage as any man
on this floor, but when I make Buch an agree-
ment as that I stand by it always.
Mr. SUMNER. Sir, the Senator says,-"when
I make an agreement I stand by it.,r" , I accept
the language of the Senator; when I make an
agreement I stand by it- I- made no such
agreement as the Senator attributes to me,
and I do not understand that the Senate or
that Congress made any such agreement. I
know that certain politicians and certain edit-
ors have undertaken to foist such an agree-
ment itrto that proposition of constitutional
amendment. It was never so declared. I
believe that the confmittee on reconstruction
reported a resolution to that effect, but they
never called it up, and I know very well that
I offered a resolution in this Qha'mber expressly
disavowing any such agreement.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will allow me?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The committee on re-
construction reported a resolution that if each
State should adopt this amendment and the
amendment should become a part of the Con-
stitution, be adopted by a sufficient number of
States, that then the States might be accepted.
That was what they reported.
Mr.-JOHNSON. It was a bill.
Mr J WADE. That was the understanding I
alluded to.
Mr. BROWN. That was not acted upon.
Mr. SUMNER. It was not acted on. It
was never passed. I suppose thst those who
had it in charge did not venture to invite a vote
upon it. .
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It was laid on the table
by a vote in the House of Representatives
upon the yeas and nays.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; that is not in
my memory now. I do not doubt, however,
that it was so laid on the table in the other
House. What is the natural consequence of
that? It never became in any respect a legis-
lative act. Nobody entered therefore legisla-
tively into any such agreement as the Senator
from Ohio attributes to me. How he could
attribute it to me in the face of my constant
asseveration on this floor that I would not be
a party to any such agreement surpasses my
comprehension.
Now, if I understood the Senator, I have
answered his two charges of inconsistency
against me, first with regard to the admission
of Tennessee, and secondly with regard to the
constitutional amendment. That part of the
Senator's speech therefore falls to the ground.
So far as the Senator entered upon the merits
of the question I will not now make any reply.
There may be a time for that, if the subject should
be'taken up and we should enter upon its consid-
eration , although I should say now that I have no
desire to occupy the attention of the Senate on
this subject. 1 however must enCermymost ear-
nest protest against the measure. To my mind
it is one of the most disastrous measures that
has been introduced into Congress. I use my
words advisedly; I say it is disastrous because
it will impair the moral efficiency of Congress,
injure its influence, and be something like a bar
against the adoption of just measures for the
rebel States. Sir, wc are now seeking to oblit-
erate the word "white" from all institutions
and constitutions there; and yet Senators here,
with that great question before them, rash
swiftly forward to admit a new State with the
word "white" in its constitution. In other
days we all united, or many of us did—ac.dtho
Senator from Ohio was among the number—^in
saying "No more slave States!" I now insist
upon another cry: "No more States with the
word 'white' in their constitutions!" On that
question I part company with my friend from
Ohio. He is now about to welcome them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is that the Senate now proceed to the
consideration of the bill to admit Nebraska as
a State of this Union.
The motion was agreed to, there being on a
division—ayes 21, noes 11; and the bill (S.
No. 466) for the admission of the' State of
Nebraska into the Union was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.'
