1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
889
the other comes in and asks his pay may be
equal to the higher pay. Here comes a propo-
sition to allow the cadets at West Point the
same as the midshipmen at the Naval Acad-
emy. It is the old fashion of equalizing pay.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What is a midship-
man's pay?
Mr. PIKE. Five hundred dollars a year, I
think.
Mr. HILL. I think midshipmen have no
ration; and I desire to know whether, if so,
this will give the cadets at West Point any
ration ?
Mr. KASSON. This does not deprive any
one of any pay. It simply gives the cadets at
the Military Academy a ration which they have
not now. Midshipmen receive a ration in ad-
dition to their pay; and the object of the amend-
ment is to give an actual ration to the cadets
to eke out their present meager compensation.
Mr. HILL. I desire to say if this increases
the pay of cadets of the Military Academy at
West Point one dollar I am opposed to it. I
doubt not every member of this House has ap-
plication upon application piled up upon his
table for the position of cadet at the present
pay. It is not right to pay them any more. If
we are to make additional appropriation, let us
do it for the widows and orphans of those who
have fallen in battle, and not for those who
occupy a position which hundreds and thou-
sands are unsuccessful in obtaining at the
present pay.
Mr. PIKE, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
• Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think the cadets
at West Point receive $500 and no rations, and
the midshipmen forty-one dollars a month and
a ration.
A Member. Five hundred dollars a year.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Then the pay is pre-
cisely the same, with the exception that the
midshipman gets a ration and the cadet does
not. If we pass this amendment it will make
them alike in all respects ; they will have the
same pay and the same rations.
Mr. PIKE. If the midshipman has no ra-
tion, would not this be considered as giving
them both this ration ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No. /
Mr. PIKE. I think the midshipman re-
ceives $500 and no ration, but I am not certain
about it.
Mr. SCHENCK. Do not the midshipmen
have a ration ? I think they do. I yield to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, to answer.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, I do not think the midshipmen while
they, are members of the Naval Academy do
draw rations. At the time their salary was
raised provision was made that when they left
the Academy and were waiting for the ap-
pointment of ensign they shSuld receive ra-
tions. Therefore, this refers to midshipmen
who have been members of the Academy and
are waiting for their appointments as ensigns.
There are no acting midshipmen in the Naval
Academy.
Mr. SCENCK. If the gentlemen who oppose
this amendment succeed in showing anything,
it is that it is a most simple one in its character.
If the midshipmen at the Naval Academy
receive no ration now, neither will the cadets
at West Point receive any ; but if the one re-
ceives it so will the other. It puts the cadet
at West Point upon the same footing precisely
with the midshipman at Annapolis.
I differ with the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, and believe the midshipman does get a
ration. My impression is that every one in the
Navy is allowed rations, beginning with the
highest down to the lowest. I submit that the
cadets are as much entitled to this ration as
the acting midshipman.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. What does
the gentleman mean by "acting midshipman?"
Mr. SCHENCK. I mean one appointed to
the Naval Academy who goes through the tran-
sition state from midshipman toensign. They
have no other name given to them. I would
have offered this amendment if I had not been
anticipated by the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, having had a communica-
tion on the subject from the War Department,
and having looked into it.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 40, noes 44 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Schenck
and Pike were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 54, noes 44.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the commit-
tee rise and report the bills to the House, with
the amendments.
Mr. LE BLOND. I hope the gentleman
will allow us to have a separate vote on the
appropriation for the minister at Rome.
Mr. STEVENS. I will not ask for any vote
on the bills in the House to-day.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can de-
mand a separate vote on any of the amend-
ments in the House.
The motion that tho committee rise was
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Pomeroy re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill of the
House No. 904, making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 18(58,
and for other purposes, and had instructed
him to report the same to the House, with
sundry amendments thereto.
Also, that the committee had had under con-
sideration the bill of the House No. 912, mak-
ing appropriations for tho support of the Mili-
tary Academy for the fiscal year ending June
30, 18G8, and had instructed him to report the
same to the House, with sundry amendments
thereto.
Mr. STEVENS. I move the previous ques-
tion on the pending bills.
The previous question was seconded and tho
main question ordered.
message fiiom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (H. R. No. 719) to punish certain
crimes in relation to the public securities and
currency, and for other purposes, with amend-
ments, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
evening session.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the House take a recess from now till half
past seven o'clock this evening, with the under-
standing that the bank bill shall then be taken
up for consideration.
Mr. POMEROY. I object to the latuer part
of the motion.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Then I
modify it by moving that the evening session be
devoted to the business of the House.
The motion was disagreed to.
And then on motion of Mr. STEVENS, (at
four o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., wero presentedunder
the rule, and referred to tho appropriate committees:
Ey Mr. ALLEY: A petition from A. E. Larkin, and
others, asking for reduction of tho tax on cigars.
Bv Mr. BANKS: The petition of John Forsyth,
solAcr of the eighth infantry of the United States,
for invalid pension.
By Mr. BUND Y: A resolution of the working-men
of Portsmouth, in Scioto county, Ohio, against any
reduction of the present tariff on iron.
By Mr. DARLING: Amemorial ofcitizensof New
York, against tho impeachment of President Johnson.
By Mr. GLOSSBRENNER: The petition of B. K.
Spansler, J. II.Waggoner, and others, manufacturers
of and dealers in cigars in Cumberland county, Penn-
sylvania, praying for a modification of the present
internal revenue tax upon cigars.
By Mr. IIOOPER, ot Massachusetts: A petition of
the insurance companies of the city of Boston, pray-
ing relief from the tax imposed by the one hundred
and fifth section of tho internal rovonuo law.
By Mr. HUMPHREY: The petition of cigsr-
mnkors of Buffalo, ior reduction of tax on cigars.
By Mr. KERR: Iho memorial of James Vy. IVebb,
Esq., of Orleans, Orango county, Indiana, for certain
amendments in the pension laws.
By Mr. KETCHAM: The petition of A. B. Knapp,
and 63 others, citizens of Stanford, Dutchess county.
New York, for increased protection on American
wool.
By Mr. PERHAM: Tho petition of Lewis A. Hor-
ton, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. RAYMOND: A memorial of Murphy, Mo-
Curdy & Warden, and a large number of other busi-
ness men in tho city of Now York, remonstrating
against movements for the impeachment of the Pres-
ident, and urging tho necessity of adopting measures
to strengthen public confidence, allay excitement,
rovive tho interests of laborand capital,and promote
tlie peace and prosperity of tho country.
By Mr. SITGREAVE.S: The petition of William B.
Stewart, and others, of Plainfield, Now Jersey, ask-
ing for additional protection on flax.
By Mr. SPALDING: A petition of many citizens of
Cleveland, Ohio, for tho repeal of tho law authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to retire $4,000,000 per
month of tho national currency.
By Mr. F. THOMAS: The petition of citizens of
Howard county, Maryland, praying an investigation
into tho acts of President Johnson in countenancing
and oncouraging Thomas Swann, Governor of Mary-
land, in attempts to overthrow tho loyal authority
of that State.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 31, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
hon. e. h. webster.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous eonsent to
introduce the following resolution ; and I will
state that it is the last one of this kind, and is
in precisely the words of the resolutions pre-
viously adopted :
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms bo, and is
hereby, authorized and directed to pay to Hon. E.
H. Webster tho amount of increased pay of a mem-
ber of this House provided by law from tho com-
mcncemontof the Thirty-Ninth Congress to tho dato
of his resignation.
Tho resolution was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that tho motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
prevention OV smuggling.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask consent to take from
the Speaker's table Senate bill No. 525, an
act supplementary to an act to prevent smug-
gling, and for other purposes, in order to put
it on its passage, with an amendment from the
Committee on Commerce.
No objection being made tho bill was taken
up and read. It provides that the act to pre-
vent smuggling approved July 18, 18G6, shall
be so construed as not to affect any right of
suit or prosecution which may have accrued
under any prior act of Congress, repealed or
supplied by said act previous to July 18, 1866,
and that all such suits as have been or shall
be commenced under such prior acts for acts
committed previous to July 18, 1866, shall be
tried and disposed of as if said act of July,
1866, had not been passed.
Mr. ELIOT. The committee have instructed
me to move to amend by adding the following
sections:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That scction
twenty-six of the act aforesaid bo so amended that
the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized, in his discretion, to make such regulation
as shall enable vessels engaged in the coasting trade
between ports and places upon Lake Michigan ex-
clusively, and laden with American productions and
free merchandise only, to unlade their cargo without
previously obtaining a permit to unlade.
Sec. 3. And be it fvrthcr ox anted. That section
twenty-five of said act be hereby amended by insert-
ing the word " March" in place of " July" in said
section.
Mr. SPALDING. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts why this is con-
fined to Lake Michigan.
Mr. ELIOT. It is confined to Lake Michi-
gan because that is the only lake where there
