126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
Sir. HEND&ICKS. I ask the Senator
whether there has been any census taken since
1860?
Mr. WADE. Not that I know of.
' Mr. HENDRICKS. The population was
ffien about twenty-seven thousand.
Mr. WADE. I do not think there has been
any census taken since that time.
Mr. JOHNSON. What was the last vote?
Mr. WADE; Nine thousand one hundred
and thirty-six; ,and I was going on to say that
the Vote in these Territories is a very uncertain
guide in forming' a conclusion as to the num-
ber1 of the inhabitants. The population, we
know, is very much-scattered; they have to go
a.great way to get to the places where the votes
are given in. Persons going into a new Terri-
tory are very much engaged in their own pur-
suits, and it is a great deal" more of a job for
them to get to the polls and vote than it is in
more populous regions where the precincts are
small and the voting places are convenient.
For this reason the number of votes furnishes
no safe guide as to the amount of population.
I have here the report of the Director of the
Bureau of Statistics, arriving at the conclusion
which I have stated, and I have no doubt it is
an underestimate. This report was made up
from data furnished by the officers of the
internal revenue in that Territory, and it was
made out on facts collected in April last.
Since then population has gone in, and the
"febuntry has filled up faster, perhaps, than
almost any Territory ever has done. I suppose
there are now several thousand morfe people in
Nebraska than there were at the time this
calculation was made.
They have as much as three hundred miles
of railroad in Nebraska to-day, running through
toward the Rocky mountains, and there is
another railroad approaching the Territory from
another quarter, and which is to go right through
it, although it has not yet got very far in the
Territory. It has all the facilities for growing
up into a great and flourishing State. It has
a great extent of arable and fertile land. Its
railroad facilities, its facilities for market, the
navigation afforded by the Missouri river, all
these circumstances give it as favorable a posi-
tion as almost any other Territory that has
knocked at your door for admission and has
been admitted.
At the election on the constitution the vote
for admission was 3,938, and the vote against
it was 3,838, being a majority of 100 in favor
of the proposition. That vote was taken dur-
ing the summer, in harvest time, when the men
were engaged at work, and did not turn out to
vote. It was taken a year ago, I think.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When we were here
during the last session.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable Senator
from Ohio will permit me to ask here whether
the nine thousand one hundred and thirty-six
votes which he says were given were the whole
number of votes cast?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir; the whole number
of votes cast at the October election.
Mr. JOHNSON. ' Will he tell me now how
many were for the constitution, and how many
against it?
Mr. WADE. That was not the vote on the
constitution. That vote was taken over a year
ago, and was less than eight thousand alto-
gether.
Mr. COWAN. Was there not a vote on the
constitution recently?
Mr. WADE. Not recently.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Just about a year ago
at this time.
Mr. COWAN. And it failed once in Ne-
braska.
Mr. WADE. They had two votes on it.
Mr. COWAN. On the last vote there was
one hundred majority for a State.
Mr WADE. I can state here what I am
informed on that subject. I am informed that
there are a great many Mexicans in the Terri-
tory, scattered about, and they arc generally
opposed to a State government. They do not
want to come into the Union as a State.
Mr. HENDRICKS. You are thinking of
Colorado.
Mr. WADE. No; there are some here.
There are some in Colorado, but there are a
few in Nebraska. We will talk about Colorado
when it comes up, that seems to be in gentle-
men's minds more than Nebraska a good deal.
The population at all events, on the best evi-
dence we have, is certainly much larger than
that of several Territories which have been
admitted as States; I think I may say more
than most of them when they were admitted
into the Union. I believe the population of
Nebraska to-day is as large as that of the State
of Florida. This people as I have said once
before are a loyal people and will be the found-
ation of perhaps one of the best States in this
Union. And I will say too that I traveled up
through there myself this fall. I saw every-
thing active and in motion there. Omah? is
one of the most flourishing towns I have seen
in a great while. The evidence of enterprise
there is as great as it is in any city 1 have ever
been in. It is all flourishing. Their railroad
establishment for the construction of cars and
engines and everything else they require is one
of the best. It is not completed yet, but they
have progressed with it to a great extent and
laid out a great amount of money there, and
I know of no part of the country that appears
to be more enterprising, more flourishing, and
filling up faster with inhabitants than the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska.
Now, can anybody tell me why we should
single her out and keep her out of the Union ?
The Senator from Massachusetts undertakes to
tell us why we should go against it and keep it
out. Why ? Because he has interposed a new
principle. 'Was a State ever before excluded
on this ground? Not at all. The Senator will
not pretend that this ever was made an objection
to any other State or Territory. What position
should I be in here arguing against the admis-
sion of this State on the ground that they had
the word " white" in their constitution ? Sir,
the State of Ohio has the word "white" in
her Constitution. I intend to do all I can to
induce the people of Ohio to eradicate it and
to give every man the same equal rights; but
I will not stand here as a Senator from Ohio
objecting to the admission of anew State with a
constitution like that of Ohio in this respect.
It is unjust to establish now for the first time
a rule of this kind to operate against a Terri-
tory which has complied with all the require-
ments which have ever been imposed on any
other Territory seekingadmissioninto the Union
as a State. It is unjust to exclude her upon a
new idea got up after the enabling act was
passed. When you passed the enabling act,
why did you not direct that she should make a
constitution excluding the word "white?"
Mr. SUMNER. May I remind my friend
that by the enabling act the constitution must
be republican in form?
Mr. WADE. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to ask my
friend whether a constitution which makes a
discrimination in rights on account of color
is republican in form? Is it a republican gov-
ernment?
Mr. WADE. I should not like to say that
the State from which I come was not republican
in form, in substance, and in every way. I
have said, however, that a State lacks repub-
lican elements just in so far as she excludes
portions of her population from the elective
franchise. There is but a very small part of
the population of Nebraska excluded. It is a
defect in the constitution iu my judgment. So
it is in my own State, and there I shall labor
to eradicate it, and I have no doubt the people
of Ohio will do so very soon. 1 have just as
little doubt that Nebraska will do so, too, if you
admit her. I am told by her Senators, I am
told-by her Delegate, I am assured by all the
people I see from there, that there is no doubt
they are as faithful to this great principle as
any of us, and that they will immediately turn
their attention to correcting this defect. It
is merely a defect in form, for there are but
very few colored persons there, as I under-
stand ; I do not know how many, but probably
not fifty in the whole Territory. But, whether
they be few or many, I agree that' they are
entitled to their rights; and they will get their
rights quicker if you permit the State to come
into the Union now than they will if you
exclude her. I do not know what the effect
will be if you thrust back these patriotic people
who have vindicated your rights and mine- by
their dearest blood; if you scout them from
your Halls of Congress, and fasten conditions
upon them you have never required of any
other Territory. You never apprised them
that you would insist upon the condition you
now propose to require. It. would have been
well to give them notice beforehand that it was
expected that they should comply with this
condition. If you had, they would have done
it; but we all of us, until very lately, voted
for the admission of Territories without an
observation and without a thought of an ob-
jection for any such reason as this.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think I misled the
Senator in regard to the time when the vote
on this constitution was taken. I understand
that it was in June last. I thought it was about
a year ago, but I understand now that it was
in June last.
Mr. WADE. I thought it was earlier than
that; I did not remember the date.
The pending amendment proposes to attach
a condition to the admission of this State. I
do not know whether you can do that. She
ought to be admitted, if at all, on the same
footing with all the other States. Up to this
hour the regulation of the elective franchise
has been regarded as a State question. It be-
longs, under the Constitution as it now stands,
exclusively to the States of the Union. We
have not proposed to take it away from any
State. This State has never yet committed an
act by which she forfeited her rights. If a
State has raised her hand against your Consti-
tion, if by rebellion she has forfeited her right
to exist, she has then placed herself in a posi-
tion where you have a constitutional right to
deal with her just as you please. But I do not
know what right you have to deal in this way
with a State or a Territory which has been
always loyal; which has forfeited none of her
rights, which has performed all of her duties.
I do not know what right you have to say that
a State shall be admitted, not on an equality
with every other State, and shall not be allowed
to regulate her elective franchise as she pleases.
I say to the gentleman who offers this amend-
ment that you have not, under the Constitution,
as yet declared anywhere that the General
Government can fix the status of the elective
franchise. You have left it thus far with the
States. The constitutional amendment that
we passed last year left it to the States, even to
the rebel, forfeited States, to regulate it for
themselves, the only restriction being that they
should not have political power for those of
their population whom they excluded from the
right of vciting.
Of course, 1 am as much for the principle of
the amendment as anybody else. I wish the
word " white" were excluded from the consti-
tution of my own State. But neither you, sir,
nor I, nor this Congress, can do it under the
Constitution of the United States. We have
no power here to say to the State of Ohio,
" Correct this error in your constitution or we
will correct it for you." Will any gentleman
contend that we can do it? I do not suppose
that is contended in regard to a State which
has not forfeited her rights by treason.
Mr. BROWN. Is this a State?
Mr. WADE. She asks to be a State.
Mr. BROWN. That is the very question.
Mr. WADE. Certainly, she asks to be a
State, and if yon make her a State at all I ask
you to make her one upon the same conditions
with every other State.
Mr. BROWN. I ask the Senator whether
he considers this a State now, and as thereby
excluding us from this action ?
Mr. WADE. Oh, no. I think, however,
