1566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
. February 19,
case without any information from Mr. Stan-
ton. He says:
"First, in relation to the steps taken by this De-
partment to enforce the act of Congress referred to
in the said resolution, so far as its execution devolved
upon military authorities, it w;is promulgated in
General Orders, No. 50, July 21,1866, to all command-
ers of military departments, districts, and posts, a
copy of which order is hereto attached."
Now, I want you to observe the extent of
the military authority; and, in observing that,
I only beg you to remember what was said by
the Senator from Illinois. He got up and
read his book, and he told the Senate that the
military bill brought in from the House the
other day to this body was of no kind of
account at all; it gave to the General Govern-
ment no military authority more than they had
already under the Freedmen's Bureau bill and
the civil rights bill; that if military authority
was the thing wanted we had plenty of it
already. Now, if that military authority is
coextensive with the mischief, full and ample,
then Mr. Stanton says that he has provided
for its execution everywhere, and he has pro-
vided by public orders—" General Orders, No.
50, July 21, 1866." When an officer is to be
assailed here publicly for dereliction of duty it
might be well to read that order in his behalf.
I did not know what it was; but here it is, and
it can be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. "Will the Senator from
Pennsylvania right there allow me to ask him
a question?
Mr. COWAN. I would rather answer it
after I get through reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator not
know that the President has set aside all mili-
tary authority?
Mr. COWAN. If I do not know 
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the President has
not proclaimed that the civil authority is
supreme there, and set aside the military?
Mr. COWAN. I know of no such thing. I
know, so help me Heaven, of no act of the
President, for one year at least after the close
of the war, and after there was time to have
people settle their heads, which was not strictly
in accordance with law, and with the plainest
principles of law, even down to his appoint-
ment of provisional governors, which the hon-
orable Senator chose to catechise me upon
the other night at a very unseasonable hour,
and to which, if I had chosen, I could have
given him a complete answer. It was triumph-
antly alleged at that time that the appointment
of a provisional governor was a violation of
law. A violation of what law ? What law did
it violate? Gentlemen should be careful to
distinguish between that which is done without
law and that which is done against law. That
which is done without law is not a violation of
law always. It the thing in itself be innocent,
harmless, it may be acquiesced in ; it may be
be acquiesced in for such a length of time as
that it is never necessary to ratify it by statute
law; but it may be ratified by law.
But apart from all that, the President was
intrusted with the preservation of the State
governments of this LTnion. He was obliged
to secure their perpetuation by military power;
and when they fell into his hands what was
necessary to be done? He did not do anything
more than any court of common law would
have done under the circumstances. The State
was a corporation; the officers had proved I
faithless to their trust, and it fell into his hands
m this wa}\ Does the chairman of the Judi- '
ciary Committee pretend to assert that a court !
of common law, without any statute to that
effect, without any law further than the law of
their duty to preserve the trust, would not have
appointed trustees to support it? What were
those provisional governors but trustees to
support the trust, just exactly the same as
though the managers of a turnpike company
had run away and a court of common law had
appointed somebody to support the trust until
the corporators could get together and elect
new managers?
That is the whole proceeding from beginning
to end about which so much noise has been
made. The corporations fell into the hands
of the President: the trustees had been faith-
less, and he appointed trustees to support the
trust until the corporators could under their
own law, the law of their own existence, come
together and elect new ones. That is what all
this fuss in regard to reconstruction is about,
simply supporting the trust until the corpora-
tors could come together and restore it.
Now, Mr. Stanton says "a copy of that or-
der is hereto attached' and he goes on :
"The enforcement of said act of Congress is also
one of the general regulations of the Bureau of Re-
fugees, Freedinen, and Abandoned Lands. And a
general order hereto attached was also issued from
the Army headquarters.
"No instance hasbcen reported to this Department
of any neglect or relusal by military officers or em-
ployes of this Department to enforce, to the extent
of their legal authority, the provisions of the afore-
said act of Congress within their respective com-
mands and stations, and I have no knowledge of any
such neglect or refusal having been reported to the
President."
I suppose Mr. Stanton thought it might be
said that the reports were made to the Presi-
dent, as they are made to the Senators from
Massachusetts, by somebody; he did not know
of them if there were any.
" Second. The following eases of alleged viola-
tion of the said act of Congress were officially re-
ported to the President, to wit:
"1. The case of Dr. Watson, for the murder of a
negro m the department of Virginia, who, after his
discharge by civil tribunal, was put on trial beforo
a military commission"—
That is the case, I suppose, to which the
Senator from Illinois alluded; and here again
mark how plain a tale will put you down:
"before a military commission, which was dissolved
on the ground of want of jurisdiction under the de-
cision of the Supreme Court."
Now think of it! '"'Under the decision of
the Supreme Court" a military commission
was dismissed and a criminal turned over to
the civil tribunals; and that is heralded here
as a high offense, and gentlemen almost burst
themselves with holy indignation while they
discourse upon it. There is the whole of it
from the Secretary of War, that so far from
the President violating the law, the President
but obeyed the law, and the Secretary of War
but obeyed the law. The Supreme Court de-
cided that military tribunals were unconstitu-
tional for the trial of civilians, and they decided
it rightly. The President and the Secretary
of War would have been guilty, then, of a high
misdemeanor and of a high crime, the highest
that could be committed against the American !
people, if they had attempted in the face of that
decision to go on with these illegal and arbi-
trary modes of jeoparding the lives and prop-
erty of men.
I have thus given you the first case. The
second case is that of William Fincher:
" 2. The case of William Fincher, a person of color,
sentenced to the chain-gang in Georgia as a vagrant
which was reterred to the Attorney General, and ia
under his direction and charge."
I will not detain you with the report of the
Attorney General upon that case, or of the dis-
trict attorney, to whom he had referred it; but
it appears that William Fincher was a vagrant
in the State of Georgia; and it appears, as
may be found in many of the States of the
North, that in Georgia vagrancy is a crime,
and if a black or a white man either is found
there without any known visible means of sub-
sistence, a vagrant in other words, according
to the definition of the law, an idle, wandering,
worthless fellow, of no nse either to himself
or society, but obliged by necessity to live by
theft and plunder, such a man is held to be
a criminal in the State of Georgia. William
Fincher, this individual here, was taken into
the courts of Georgia, was tried there, and
convicted and sentenced by a jury according
to the law of Georgia, to be put to work in a
chain-gan<* for a certain length of time in order
to teach him how hereafter to avoid vagrancy,
and be like other men, earn his living without
it. I think it will be found that there is a let-
ter from Mr. Fincher's counsel, who defended
him in that court, and who took the case to a
superior court, where the judgment was affirmed,
that everything was right; no distinction was
made between Fincher and other men, but if
he had been a white man the sentence might
have been the same according to the law.
That is Fincher's case, and the district attor-
ney of Georgia was obliged upon a report of
the case made to him to ride two hundred miles
to see how all this was, and why ? I do not
! know whether that ever got into the hamper-
basket of the Senator from Massachusetts, but
I it is more than likely it came there from some
| of the wilds of Georgia that this vagrant negro
had been sentenced by the laws of Georgia to
a punishment common there and common to
both black and white men, and that is swept on
the wings of the wind and comes here to swell
this storm of indignation and wrath which
bursts so many manly bosoms at the North at
i the way William Fincher has been treated and
i other Finchers.
There is one case more, and I congratulate
the Senate there is only one. This last fellow
I the Department seems to be in a little doubt
; about his name, and it is referred to as "the
j case of  Perkins." If the records here
could be referred to to fill up that blank, it
might relieve us of considerable difficulty here-
after. If the Senator from Massachusetts, who
keeps the book, would look and see whether
there is any Perkins there, that might settle
the question. Perhaps he may be a lineal
descendant of Perkins Warbeck, who gave so
much trouble at one time.
"3. Thecaseof-
- Perkins, in the State of Texas,
j where protection to a colored man from alleged ille-
! gal acts under color of civil authority Was afforded by
1 the assistant commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau,
and his action approved by this Department."
There! He was actually protected; the bu-
reau did its duty for once, and the Department
approved of it. Then, taking the whole three
cases, we find that one was swept away by the
Supreme Court, the other one is without a
scintilla of anything wrong about it; and in the
third case we find the man was rescued and
protected, and the action of the bureau ap-
proved by the Department; and Mr. Stanton,
with a gravity which does him great credit, and
j which would if he were as wise as we are here
j certainly win for him the character of a man
of high humor, goes on :
" No other reports of the violation of the act afore-
said have been made to you by mc. Reports by mili-
tary commanders of crimes and offenses committed
against freedmen and othersin their respective com-
mands have been made to this Department and re-
ferred to the Attorney General for his opinion on the
appropriate remedy. Whether they or any of them
constitute violations of the civil rights law, I am
unable to state.
"Your obedient servant,
"EDWIN M. STANTON.
,, "Secretary of War.
The President.
The Attorney General has his report here,
and that is devoted to Fincher's case, so that
i I now give you the length and breadth of it,
the sum-total of all this which attracts the
attention of the nation, which invokes an om-
nipotent authority on the part of this Congress,
invokes an authority which I venture to say no
lawyer will pretend to find within either the
letter or spirit of the Constitution. Think of
it—Watson, Fincher, and   Perkins, the
long catalogue of enormities booked by the
Senator from Massachusetts to the contrary
notwithstanding, the long array of anonymous
letters of the other Senator from Massachusetts
to the contrary notwithstanding! Here is the
record. There is the place where these mur-
ders ought to go to. Why do you bring them
in here? It fifteen hundred negroes have been
murdered in Texas what was done at the War
Department? Who reported the case? Who
ran there to save these poor creatures from
being butchered after that manner ? And where
is this agent of the Freedmen's Bureau who
saved one colored man from what he believed
a violation of the Jaw, and whose action was
approved by the Department, and what is he
doing, and where are the other officers? Ah,
but gentlemen say, there are five hundred miles
square in Texas where the foot of a Freedmen's
Bureau agent never trod. Very well, whose
fault is it they do not tread it? My brother
