1866.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOSS.
that* in parity of reason this amendment stands
upon the same grounds as if it were applied to
sin existing State. You ask an unusual thing.
You undertake hereto correct her Constitution
in this particular by act of Congress. You
say to these people,. "If you dome in as a
State we'will fix yourelective franchise." You
cannot do it for a State; the momentshe is in
the Urjion you agree that she has a right to
do it herself. Then, that being the case, what
right have :yo'tt to control her in this particular
as a condition on Which she shall come in?
It-is an unusual condition, and it is a test which
has :tiever been' applied to any State. You
gave this Territory no notice in your enabling
aet that it was necessary for her to comply with
such a conditionbut now, after she has made
her Constitution in good faith and complied
with your enabling act, you come in here and
say {here is another condition that we did not
think of at the time, which not having been
performed by you we will exclude you and
not allow yon to come in. I do not believe it
is right.
Mr. BROWN. I should like to ask for in-
formation of the Senator from Ohio whether
this Constitution is framed under and in pur-
suance of that enabling act ?
' Mr. WADE. I think it is substantially.
Mr. BROWN. In fact, I mean, is it in pur-
suance of that act?
Mr. WADE. I will tell you just how it was.
There may be a technical distinction. The
enabling act enabled the people at a certain
time, naming a particular day, to meet and
frame a constitution. They did meet at that
time and rejected it. They afterward met,
however, by the direction of their Legislature,
all things being orderly and right, and com-
plied with the requisitions of the enabling act
in every respect except as to the time named.
The day fixed passed by, and afterward on re-
consideration they met again and adopted a
State constitution, endeavoring to comply and
substantially complying with all the conditions
that were required of them in the enabling act.
' Now, sir, I do not wish to prolong the de-
bate, and I have but a few words more to say.
The questions I have now argued have never
been argued in relation to the application of
any State which has been admitted since I
have been in the Senate chamber unless it was
in the case of Kansas, where a great contro-
versy sprang up, but with none of the elements
which we are now considering: There was an
attempt made to make a constitution here in
this District, and then force it upon the people
of Kansas—that was called the Lecompton
constitution. That gave rise to great contro-
versy. I was opposed to the constitution that
was made for that people and undertaken
to be forced upon their necks. I Contended
against it as well as I was able and as long as I
could, and finally we defeated it. The general
course has been to pass an enabling act, under
which the people of a Territory would assemble
and make a constitution in accordance with all
our constitutions, republican in form, for there
is very little difference in them. There was
never a better one than this of Nebraska that
I have seen. It is perfectly republican in every
respect except that to which the Senator from
Massachusetts now objects for the first time.
He would now impose a condition which has
never been required of the people of any other
Territory endeavoring to qualify themselves
for admission as a State.
I think we shall be doing a great wrong if
we interpose this new principle in the way of
this people, without notice to them—a people
as much in favor of equal rights as the con-
stituents of the Senator from Massachusetts;
Republican, Radical, vast majorities of them;
contenders for just such a constitution as that
Senator wants; but not being apprised that
anything out of the beaten track was wanted,
they have followed the usual course pursued
by other new States. And yet ihey are now
met by this bare abstraction, a technicality
that hardly touches anybody, for there are
hardly any colored men the Territory; and
what few there are are as' anxious for the ad-
mission of the State as I am. At least, that
is true so far as I know anything of them,
because they think they know that this evil
will be corrected sooner by the admission than
by the exclusion of the State. I hope that we
shall not on this mere technicality coldly turn
away a Territory comprised of patriotic- men
who have sacrificed so much for the Union. I
do not know what the effect, of it will be. For
the party in power it would be the most suici-
dal act that any party was ever guilty of. These
men, let me tell gentlemen around me, believe
just as you do; they are ready to aid and assist
you in carrying out your great principles of
liberty, right, and justice. Od their admis-
sion they will add to the power of your arm to
enforce them. No party was ever so blind to
the progress of its own principles as you will
be if you undertake to shut out this State. It
will be an act of suicide, and I should riot
wonder if a people thus treatedwould (if they
were not purer than we can hardly expect
human nature to be) be so indignant as to
turn around——
Mr. GRIMES. And turn Copperheads?
Mr. WADE  Yes, turn Copperheads. They
will not do it; but you will by such action
tempt them to do it. You will be doing them
a wrong that you ought not to do. It would
be the most impolitic,- the most suicidal act
that the leaders of any great party were ever
guilty of if you bow thrust them out and the
Representatives and Senators whom they have
sent here—some' of the best men in the coun-
try, approved of everybody. No better men
ever knocked at your doors for admission than
these gentlemen. A Senator on the other side
of the House has intimated that if they were
Copperheads or Democrats or something of
that sort we should not be so anxious for their
coming in. I do not conceal that. Even then,
if they had committed no treason I might feel
myself bound to let them in; but I should re-
gret that we were to have such company. I
am glad they are not of that mass. I am glad
they are loyal men, patriotic men, men who
have been in the wars and hazarded their lives
to maintain this Union. I do not think it is
right now to exclude them; and I know that you
will not be commended by your constituents
for so suicidal an aet. If there is anything
that the loyal people of Ohio are in favor of
to-day, it is the admission of these flourish-
ing Territories into the Union as States to
strengthen their own arm, to forward the great
principles which we advocate, to help us in
the great controversies that, are before us, to
do right and justice to a patriotic people.
Sir, I am opposed to the amendment now
pending, not because I am not in favor of the
principle of it, but because we have not under-
taken heretofore to fix for a State—I mean a
loyal State—the regulation of the elective fran-
chise ; the Constitution does not permit us to
do it. It is true, as the Senator from Missouri
says, Nebraska is not yet a State, but he seeks
to do indirectly before she comes in that which
no oue here would think of doing the moment
after her admission. In myjudgmentyou ought
to leave this matter to this people on the same
terms that you have left it to the people of all
other States. Place them under your consti-
tutional amendment. If they exclude the col-
ored man from the polls, those men will not be
counted in the basis of representation. But I
tell you the first thing they will do will be so
to change their constitution as to avail them-
selves of all those votes. Here they are, ready,
eager, anxious to adopt your constitutional
amendment, and they will adopt it on the first
day of the assembling of their Legislature if you
give them a chance. Why should you thrust
them out when every other State that has come
here in exactly the same position has been ad-
mitted without any remonstrance or protest?
I ask for their admission, sir. I do not wish
to prolong the argument.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, when the
bills for the admission as States of Nebraska
and Colorado were under consideration at the
last session I coinmitted myself simply by
voting for them and took no part in tie "debate;
Since that time I have'looked a little more
into the question, and have had some personal
observation of the condition of both these Ter-
ritories, and perhaps it is due to myself and
the subject that I should say a few words; I
do not wish to detain the Senate long. - '
I felt bound by the'enabling act, passed by
Congress on the 19th of April, 1864, t.o admit
the people of Nebraska as a State of theUnio'n
whenever they should comply with the pro-
visions of that law. There "is now no doubt
that they have complied with its provisions:
No Senator can deny that the people of Ne-
braska have accepted our proposition in good
faith. That proposition was made to them m
the midst of the war, in April, 1864. We
imposed the terms and conditions upon wliieh
those people might be admitted into the Union.
We required no condition as to population;
we required no condition as to the terms of
their.eonstitution that they have not literally
complied with. Now, as a sentiment of honor,
as well as of good policy, we are botmdto
admit these people into the Union as a State;
unless there is some overriding policy or rea-
son which would justify us in waiving this ques-
tion of honor. It was on that point mainly
that I cast my vote at 'the last session. You
made them an offer; they accepted your offer;
you never withdrew it; you let it stand upon
the statute-book; it is there now ; they have
accepted it, and you cannot refuse to admit
them on the conditions you yourself proposed.
It is now proposed by the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Brown] to make an additional
qualification, an additional condition. Is that
fair to a people who after their struggles among
themselves have finally settled down upon ac-
cepting your proposition ? Is it fair now to put
them to the expense of calling their convention
together again to pass upon a new proposition,
a new condition that was not mentioned in the
original law? Certainly not. Even if I agreed
with the Senator that it was wise to impose
upon a State any limitation over its control
of the elective franchise, I certainly would
not impose that condition now, when two years
ago we refused to require it. In the very law
which enabled the people of Nebraska to organ-
ize a State government we limited the right of
suffrage to white voters in the Territory. We
authorized all those who under the territorial
law could vote to vote at the election for del-
egates to frame the constitution; and by the
territorial law, which was then upon our tables,
the elective franchise was confined to the white
people of the Territory, so that we authorized the
white people of the Territory alone to frame this
constitution. Now, shall we, after these people
have complied with that condition, turn around
and insist that we will not stand by our offer, but
will impose other conditions? I think it is not
fair to do so. It would not be fair in dealing
between men, and I think it is not fair in deal-
ing in political questions between agreat nation
and a community seeking to come into the
Union as a State. The only conditions we
imposed upon these people by the enabling act
were in these words, which I read from that
act:
" Said constitution shall provide, by an article for-
ever irrevocable without the consent of thoCongress
of the United States:
"1. That slavery or involuntary servitudo shall
be forever prohibited in said State.
"2. That perfect toleration of religious senti-
ment shall bo secured, and no inhabitant of said
State shall over bo molested in person or property
on account of his or her mode of religious worship.
"3. That the people inhabiting said Territory
do agree and declare that they forever disclaim all
right and title to the unappropriated public lands
lying within said Territory, and that the-same shall
be and remain at tho sole and entire disposition of
tho United States; and that the lands belonging to
citizens of the United States residing without the
said State shall never be taxed higher than the land
belonging to residents thereof; and that no taxes
shall bo imposed by said State on lands or property
therein belonging to, orwhich may hereafter be pur-
chased by the United States."
These are the three conditions that have been
for many years imposed on new States. These
conditions have been literally complied with
