1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
891
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I move that
the appeal be laid on the table.
Mr. FINCK. I withdraw the appeal.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a point of order. My
point is, whether this resolution, being a call
for executive information, does not come within
the general rule requiring such resolutions to
lie over one day, unless unanimous consent be
given for their consideration?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that
point would have been a good one if it had
been made in time.
Mr. HALE. I made it as soon as I could
get the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Trowbridge] had commenced his
speech before the point of order was made by
the gentleman on the right, [Mr. Finck.] By
the usage, the point of order suggested by the
gentleman from New York must be made when
the resolution is read at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. HALE. If the gentleman from Michigan
will allow me, I wish to inquire whether there
is any precedent for this action; whether a
resolution of this character is by the practice
of the House the ordinary course of giving the
House or the country official information as to
when a bill has become a law. I suppose that
heretofore there must have arisen cases in which
bills have become laws by the operation of this
very provision of the Constitution; and I should
be inclined to think that no further action would
be necessary; that in some form it should be
taken for granted that the bill had become a
law.
The SPEAKER. With the consent of the
gentleman from Michigan, the Chair will reply
to the inquiry of the gentleman from New York.
This matter has been examined by officers who
have been connected with both branches of the
Government for a long lime, and they cannot
find or remember any case in which a bill which
has become a law by the declination of the
President to give it his signature has not been
officially published. The laws mentioned in
this resolution have been laws for some time,
and it appears have hot yet been published.
Mr. HALE. I have no objection to the
resolution, if it is in accordance with the ordi-
nary course.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. If the gentleman will
listen to me, perhaps some of his doubts will
be removed.
When the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Finck]
raised his point of order I was about to state that
this is the first instance in the history of our Gov-
ernment in which a bill which has been passed
by both Houses of Congress, and has failed to
secure the signature of the President or to be
returned with his objections, has not been offi-
cially published. These two bills, the titles of
which are rehearsed in the preamble of the reso-
lution, have passed both Houses of Congress,
been signed by their respective Presiding Offi-
cers, and by the Committee on Enrolled Bills
have been presented to the President of the
United States on the 9th and 12th of January
respectively. The time during which the Pres-
ident is allowed to retain in his hands a bill
which has passed both Houses of Congress lias
some lime since expired; but ho has neither
returned these bills to the House with his ob-
jections, nor has he notified Congress of his
approval of the same. Therefore they have
become, under the imperative requirement of
the Constitution of the United States, laws.
But, Mr. Speaker, the Secretary of State is
required to publish the laws which shall have
been enacted by Congress. He has published
bills which have obtained the approval of the
President, and by that approval have become
laws, since the time when these two bills be-
came laws in accordance with the provisions
of the Constitution. But he has not published
these two bills.
It seems, then, to the Gomrnittee on Enrolled
Bills important and essential that these bills
shall be filed with the Secretary of State and
placed where they may be published as the
other laws of the United States are ; and as the
first step toward placing them in that position
the committee recommend the passage of the
preamble and resolution which they have
reported to this House.
Mr. WEiNTWORTH. I would like to ask
the gentleman whether he has found the bills;
whether he knows where they are now ; whether
he has seen them.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. That is the very pur-
pose of the resolution, to find the bills; and if
they are not with the Secretary of State, then,
the dbmmittee propose to follow this action by
some proposition requiring the Clerk to make
a new enrollment of the bills to bo filed in the
Department of State, or proposing some other
action which after full consultation the com-
mittee may deem appropriate. Mr. Speaker,
I now call the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I have not heard the reso-
lution, and I should like to have it again read.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the demand for the previous question
as we ought to be careful of what steps wo take
in this matter.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I will yield to the
gentleman after the preamble and resolution
have been again read.
The Clerk again read the preamble and res-
olution.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. 1 withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question, retaining the
floor, before I yield to the gentleman from
Ohio. I suggest to him by this resolution wo
may obtain from the Secretary of State inform-
ation whether the bills have been filed at his
office; and if that be so no further action may
be necessary. If not, then the committee will
introduce some resolution to supply the defi-
ciency ; and under that resolution this whole
subject will come before the House properly
for discussion.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is only because this is
a new question I desire to say anything at
all, and that in the nature of inquiry rather
than anything else. Here are two laws which
have become such by force of constitutional
provision through the neglect or by the re-
fusal of the President to take any notice of
the action of Congress. Now, sir, all laws
upon the statute-book have some authenti-
cation. If the law receives the approval of
the Executive it is published in the statute-
book with the statement of the date when
signed and approved. If not approved by the
President, but returned with his objections and
passed over the veto, it is then published as
having been thus passed over the veto by the
requisite two-thirds majority of each branch
of Congress.
It seems to me this resolution does not go
far enough. Suppose the Secretary of State
says these laws are enrolled and he will pub-
lish them with the other laws, then they will
go upon the statute-book without any authen-
tication. They will not be marked as approved
by the President, or as having been passed
over the President's veto by the requisite two-
thirds majority. These two Houses, it seems
to me, ought to take some action, by joint res-
olution or otherwise, to publish these laws
with the statutes to show what the^ facts are,
that they have become laws notwithstanding
the neglect of the President. Therefore J ask
whether this proposes to rest satisfied with the
statement, he has inclosed these with other
statutes in his keeping at the State Depart-
ment, and whether it would not bo necessary,
before publishing them to the people of the
United States as statutes, to accompany them
by some act of authentication which will verify
the facts that the President having retained
them without adjournment of Congress beyond
the period of ten days and not returning them
they have by the Constitution become laws.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. My opinion is the
latter alternative is the course that will be
taken, and a declaration made when these
laws shall lake effect. That is in contempla-
tion of the committee. I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tions thereof the preamble and resolution -were
adopted.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote just taken ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER subsequently said: There
was a question before the House this morning
in relation to a resolution reported by the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, in regard to the man-
ner of attesting bills which have gone into ope-
ration and become laws, but which have not
been signed by the President. The Chair
since then has looked into the matter, and the
Clerk will now report two precedents which
occurred during the administration of Pres-
ident Buchanan.
The Clerk read as follows:
"A message was rceoived from tho President of Uio
United States, by A. J. Glossbronner, his Privato
Secretary, notifying the House that an act for the
relief ot llockaday & Liggett having been presented
to tho President on the 16th of February, 1861, and
not having been returned by him within ten days,
(Sundays excepted,) it has now become a law under
tho Constitution of the United States.
"A message was reeeivod from tho President of the
United States, by A. J. Glossbrennor, his Privato
Secretary, notifying thollouso that a joint resolution
(11. 11. No. 02) for the benefit of George II. Giddin^s,
having been presented to tho President on the 18th
of February, 1861, and not having been returned by
him within ten days, (Sundays oxcepted,) it bus now
becomo a law under tho Constitution of tho United
States."
civil service.
Tho SPEAKER announced as the first busi-
ness in order the consideration of bill of the
House No. 889, to regulate the civil service
of tho United States and promote the efficiency
thereof, on which Mr. Hale was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. HALE. To accommodate gentlemen
who are interested in the business of tho morn-
ing hour I move that the further consideration
of this bill bo postponed till after the morning
hour.
The motion was agreed to.
purchase of the steamship illinois.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, in response to a House reso-
lution, transmitting papers relative to the pur-
chase of tho steamship Illinois; which, oil
motion of Mr. Taylor, of New York, was laid
on the table, and ordered to bo printed.
common codncil of baltimore.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
stated by request he presented the memorial
of the common council of Baltimore ; which
was referred to the Committee on the J udiciary.
inspection of indian affairs.
The SPEAKER announced as the first busi-
ness in order during the morning hour the bill
(S. No. 20-1) entitled "An act to provide for an
annual inspection oflndian affairs, and forother
purposes," on which Mr. IIiGBTwas entitled
to the floor.
Mr. IIIGBY. I supposed the arrangement
was to take this matter up to-morrow evening,
but I find by the Globe it comes up this morn-
ing. I move the bill be loft open for debnto
Fridav evening.
Mr." SCHENCK. We can dispose of it this
morning.
Mr. HIGBY. I withdraw the motion. Mr.
Speaker, there seems to be a disposition on
the part of a portion of the House, I do not know
but a majority of it, that this whole matter in
reference to the care and custody of Indians
should be transferred to tho War Department.
In general terms I expressed myself some-
what in doubt yesterday whether it should be
continued where itis now, in the hands of the
Interior Department. If we will abandon the
reservation system entirely, leave the Indians
to go wild, as many tribes do now, 1 think
the decidedly better plan would be to transfer
this whole subject to the War Department, as
it would simply then be a matter of distrib-
uting the annuities that are devoted to the In-
dians, and as tho War Department would then
