1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1567
from Oregon [Mr. Nesmith] says the Ca-
■ manches tread it; but suppose it was true that
that was a thickly-settled and well-populated
Sart of Texas, and there was not a Freedmen's
ureau agent there, and the information comes
to the Senator from Michigan of fifteen hun-
dred murders in that region, was it his busi-
ness to come into the Senate here and expose
this sore upon the body-politic? It seems to
me I would have gone to the War Department
and reported to Mr. Stanton, and asked him
" Can you not cure this; we have made you a
law: you have got a plenty of money and plenty
of soldiers, can you not put an agent along this
five hundred miles square or five hundred of
them if you please, rather than permit such
enormities to go on?'' No, all this is kept
concealed from Mr. Stanton. Mr. Stanton says
he knows nothing about it.
What is it kept concealed for, if it is in exist-
ence ? It is kept concealed because it is false,
or if it has any existence whatever it is kept
concealed from him in order that it may be
trumpeted here to widen the breach between
the various sections of the Republic, which
some of us are now trying to heal; trumpeted
here to bring the Chief Magistrate of the Re-
public into disrepute ; trumpeted here to make
the people hate him whom they ought to honor
and reverence, and trumpeted here for the pur-
pose of letting loose the diabolism of infuriated
parties, and so much infuriated the one against
the other^that in a very short time neither of
them will be willing to submit the destinies of
the country to the other, and this will eventu-
ate in an issue of blood. That is the danger.
If these enormities exist, if they exist as has
been asserted here in Maryland, if they exist
in Virginia, if they exist anywhere, let gentle-
men attempt to have them remedied and let
them call upon the Secretary of War, and my
life upon it he will give them a remedy. In-
stead of exposing the nakedness of the Gov-
ernment, the nakedness of your country,
instead of disgusting the whole world by a
catalogue of enormities of this kind, even if
they were true, you should have covered them
with your mantle going backward. Have we
no pride left?
Mr. HOWARD. Kept silence, as you did
at Philadelphia.
Mr. COWAN. Yes; I can tell the Senator
that if he had been at Philadelphia at the first
convention he would have been ashamed to
carry any longer the torch of disunion between
brethren—shamed, aye shamed ; and if there
had been a bottom to hi3 heart, or a heart in
him at all, he might have joined his tears to
those who met there in the hope that we again
might have a common country despite the
harpies and hyenas who would dig up the
graves of the dead and fill the air with stench,
and the heartsof all men with hatred, so as to
prevent anything like a future reconciliation.
There were two Philadelphia conventions,
and I have no difficulty in deckling to which a
gentleman might have gone and preserved his
own self-respect and preserved his own char-
acter for patriotism and for a little Christianity,
too. Let them be contrasted, and I am willing
to contrast them anywhere and upon all occa-
sions and with anybody, humble as I may be.
Truth is truth, and must and will prevail in the
end, although she is at the bottom of a well
very often and finds it difficult to get up for a
long time.
Sir, I have embraced this opportunity, and I
think it was an appropriate and fitting one, to
vindicate the President of the United States,
and to vindicate the heads of Departments
from this vile, insensible charge, and to repel
this violent clamor about the treatment of col-
ored people in the southern States and that
they are outraged there.
Mr. D00L1TTLE. Mr. President, bearing
upon this precise point which my honorable
friend is discussing I have had placed in my
hands some very important statements, and
upon authority, which I wish to have go out
directly in connection with the speech of my
honorable friend from Pennsylvania. I hold
in my hand a letter addressed to a gentleman
electcd to Congress, by Mr. S. McD. Moore, of
the State of Virginia, a lawyer of great ability,
a man of high standing, who has always made j
Virginia his home, who was a Union man and ;
very much opposed to secession, a member, I
think, of the Legislature of Virginia opposed
to secession until after secession, so-called,
had taken place. That gentleman thus states:
" It is asserted by one party in Congress and con-
ceded by the other that a state of lawless violence
and anarchy exists in this part of the country, for
which there is in fact and in truth no foundation. I
have no hesitation in affirming that as good order
prevails, and that the laws are generally as well
administered, as I have known to be the case for
the last fifty years."
I have stated to you the gentleman's name
and stated his character. It is entirely reliable.
His letter is written from Lexington, in Vir-
ginia, stating that the charges made of lawless-
ness and anarchy, and want of execution of
the laws in Virginia, are entirely without found-
ation.
Mr. DAVIS. I will inform the honorable
Senator that I know the writer of that letter,
Samuel McDowell Moore. I served in the
House of Representatives with him. He was
then a man of as much respectability, and I
presume he is now, as any one.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is my information
of him. He is a man whose word I would take
as soon as I would take the word of any Sen-
ator on this floor, to a fact within his own
knowledge. Let me repeat what this gentle-
man says:
" As good order prevails, and the laws are gener-
ally us well administered as I have known to be the
case for the last fifty years."
j I shall not take up the time of the Senate by
reading the whole letter. He goes on in this
letter to speak of two cases in particular where
trials were had, and explains the occurrences,
stating that out of those two trials much of
the rumors and exaggerations have got into
the press of the North in relation to that sec-
tion of the State.
On this same point, I have the testimony
of another gentleman who must be known to
both the honorable Senators from New York.
I refer to Hon. Peter M. Dox, once a mem-
ber of the Legislature of that great State,
from the county of Ontario, and who subse-
quently removed to the State of Alabama, where
he has lived for many years, and has been all
the while a Union man. Mr. Dox I knew well.
I was in college with him, and knew him thor-
oughly and well, as I knew a brother, and a
more honorable, high-minded, or truthful man
does not live. I would believe him just as soon
as I would believe myself. He is writing from
Alabama to a gentleman of Ontario county,
New York, on this very point of which we
hear so much, and upon which misrepresenta-
tions all over the northern States are published
in the press from day to day, for the purpose
of inflaming the passions and hatreds of the
people of the North against the people of the
South, and he says:
"You also ask, finally, can northern peoplo live
here quietly and pleasantly, so far as their social rela-
tions are concerned ? To this question, from personal
experience, and as the result of much careful obser-
vation, I unhesitatingly answeryes. Any industrious
northern man, of good character, could live here in
Beace, and without fear of molestation from anyone.
!o can be as free as he pleases in the utterance of his
opinions, and no one will venture to gainsay his right
to their maintenance. Of course if he makes it his
business to tell evfery southern m an that he is a traitor,
or tobe otherwise oifensivc personally, or if he chooses,
as some who come here do choose, to write letters to
be published in northern newspapers, misrepresent-
ing the people among whom he lives, he will probably
receive the cold shoulder from those whom he has
seen fit to malign. No personal harm would befall
him evgn in that case—he would only be left to him-
selfl The southern peoplo are too thoroughly sub-
jugated to think of doing personal violence to any
northern man simply because of his opinions, how-
ever intolerant their character or expression. In no
part of the North, by night or by day, whether lntDe
crowded streets of a town or on the common road of
the country, would any stranger be less likely to be
assailed than would a northern man, known to be
sucb, in any portion of northern Alabama. Such, at
any rate, is my honest opinion, after the rarest oppor-
tunities of observation. Any oases occurring to the
contrary are as strongly exceptional as would be the
crime of murder in Ontario county, New York."
And there is not a county where the people
are more educated and intelligent and obey the
laws better than the county of Ontario, in the
State of New York. He says further:
" I therefore unhesitatingly stamp as false, or as
the grossest misconception of the truth, any state-
ment, nomatter by whom made, which is the reverse
of that which is here given. I will further say that
any northern gentleman and family would be re-
ceived here not only with kindness, but they would
becordially welcomed by all classes of our citizens. A
stranger, unintroduced, could not go into Geneva,
New York, and expect everybody to embrace him
and press him to their confidence and affections.
Just so is the case here; but let any man come to
this place from Geneva, with a letter formally intro-
ducing him from yourself or any other respectable
gentleman, and my word for it he would be cordially
welcomed. There are, of course, men in Geneva,
perhaps, or elsewhere in the North, whom even I.
unfalteringly, devotedly attached to the Union as I
have always been, would hesitate to recommend to
the confidence and respect of the southern people.
But I take it for granted that it is not your purpose
to send any of that sort of people in this direction.
But should even that kind come they would not be
unsafe personally."
It will be remembered that the other day I
read the letter of the Governor of Florida, Mr.
Walker. I read from a letter of General Tar-
bell, a resident now of the State of Mississippi,
indorsed by Governor Fenton, of New York,
in which this last November he repeated what
he wrote to me the year before, in which he
pronounced these statements willful, wicked,
malicious falsifications of the fact, or gross
exaggerations for the purpose of inflaming the
people of the North against the people of the
South. I read also a statement from a young
soldier of our Army, who went to the State of
Texas and located at La Grange, the very
home of Hamilton, where he states the condi-
tion of affairs in that county, in the State of
Texas. I have known him from his youth; he
lived in my county, in the county of Ilacine, in
the State of Wisconsin ; and he states that the
people are as law-abiding as they are in Ilacine
county, Wisconsin, and he went on to give an
account of a trial there.
Mr. Presideut, while I state these things I
do not say that throughout the southern States
there are not outrages perpetrated. They are
perpetrated everywhere upon the earth ; but I
say, and I say it most solemnly, that the
American people have cause of gratitude to
Almighty God, when they consider that this
war has just closed and that an Army of a
million men have just been withdrawn from
the camps to be scattered all over this vast
country, men who have been trained to blood-
shed, trained more or less to plunder, and that
crime is not more abundant everywhere than
it now is. We have reason to be thankful that
such an enormous mass of men trained to arms
should be everywhere scattered among our
population, and at least, as a general thing, so
perfectly peaceful and law abiding. The aston-
ishment of the European world to day is as
great that our armies, both North and South,
should be disbanded and scattered among the
people and produce no more of bloodshed and
outrage than they have produced, as it was at
the great fact that the Republic could bring
such armies in the field. The dispersion of
these armies and the absorption of them into
the body-politic is to them as great a wonder
as it was that we could raise them and bring
them into action.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to submit a little
testimony on the other side of the question,
and I will not read from any anonymous letter
or from any letter, but I will read from the
sworn testimony of Major General George A.
Custer, with whose fame we are all acquainted,
and whose veracity I presume no one will dis-
pute. In answer to a question put him by a
committee of Congress as to the feelings of
the people of Texas toward the freedmen, he
said :
" There is a very strong feeling of hostility toward
the freedmen as a general thing. There are excep-
tions, of course, but the great mass of the people
there seem to look upon the freedman as being eon-
