130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
provision? Why should any of the States ob-
ject to her admission here because she has the
word'1 white'' inserted in her constitution when
that is contained in all but a few of them, when
every State but one or two makes some dis-
crimination against the colored population?
Does not everybody see that the logic of events
and the progress of.time -will cure all these
evils ? And if it is an objection to the consti-
tution of Nebraska, we have ourselves intro-
duced it into that constitution by our own
enabling, act.
Mr. President, after a cursory examination
of .this subject, and after some knowledge of
the people myself, from having passed through
the whole Territory of Nebraska during the last
summer, I am satisfied that it would be an act
of wisdom on the part of Congress to admit
them promptly as a State with their present con-
stitution, leaving them in the future to make
such reforms as may be demanded by the civ-
ilization of the age.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I do not in-
tend to enter into any discussion of the consti-
tutional amendment; nor do I propose to enter
at this time into any general discussion of the
merits of this bill, but shall confine what I have
to say distinctly to the amendment which is
before the Senate for its action.
The Senator from Ohio has plead very strongly
for what he calls justice to these people. I
say, sir, that I will do justice to them when
they do justice to others. He claims for them
the rightof representation and self-government.
I say that I will give them that right of repre-
sentation and self-government when they give
it to others who are equally entitled to it, and
not a moment before.
I do not, so far as my feeling goes, have any
especial desire to exclude this new State of
Nebraska from coming and taking its place in
our Union. On the contrary, all of my predi-
lections, all of my sympathies, would carry me
forward to extend the hand to that infant
State; all of the interests that tie together those
western Commonwealths would induce me to
go far, very far, to do all in my power to aid
that State in accomplishing its admission into
the Union. But, sir, I am not prepared here
to-day, in order to accomplish that result, to
do what would destroy my own self-respect,
and to do what# should always feel would be
a violation of my duty as an American Senator,
commissioned to protect the rights of freedom
in this country. Therefore, not for any pur-
poses of delay, not as militating against this
State entering into the Union, but in order that
my action may be consistent with my faith, in
order that I may stand clear on this record of
freedom and not vote to-day for what I voted
against yesterday, I have introduced this amend-
ment, which, so far from defeating the admis-
sion of this State, will, I believe contribute
more to bring it in and to render it perma-
nently a free republic than any other action
that we could take.
It has been said that this was imposing unu-
sual and unheard of terms upon the State of
Nebraska. I deny it. I represent here a State
that had the same terms proposed, though not
with the same object, upon it when it was
admitted into this Federal Union. ^ I say that
the same character of a proviso which is now
offered was placed upon ifce Missouri bill as a
Missouri restriction when Missouri was author-
ized to come into this Union. I will refer to
the action at that day: "A resolution providing
for the admission of the State of Missouri into
the Union on a certain condition." The con-
stitution of the State of Missouri contained a
clause which prohibited free colored persons
from coming into that State. It was held that
that was an invasion of the rights of men in
this country and of the rights of citizens, and
the Congress of the United States, therefore,
before they would admit that State into this
Union, passed the following resolution:
"Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America i  Cbngress assembled.
That Missouri shall bo admitted into this Union on
an equal footing with the original States, in all
respects whatever, upon the fundamental condition
that the fourth clause of the twenty-sixth section of
the third article of the constitution submitted on the
part of said State to Congress shall never be con-
strued ta authorize the passage of any law, and that
no law shall be passed in conformity thereto, by
which any citizen of either of the States in this
Union shall be excluded from the enjoyment of any
of the privileges and immunities to which such citi-
zen is entitled under the Constitution of the United
States: Provided, That the Legislature of the said
State, by a solemn public act, shall declare the assent
of the said State to the said fundamental condition,
and shall transmit to the President of the United
States, on orbefore the fourth Monday in November
next, an authentic copy of the said act; upon the
receiptwhereofthePresident, by proclamation, shall
announce the fact; whereupon,andwithout any fur-
ther proceeding ou the part of Congress, the admis-
sion of the said State into this Union shall be con-
sidered as complete."
I hold that there is an instance in point which
justifies the action which it is now proposed to
take. The men of that day who represented
the States of the North—and it was by their
vote that it was carried—felt that these rights
of citizens had to be protected, whether the
constitution of the State which offered to come
in violated them or not, and finding, as they
deemed, a violation of them in the constitution
of the State of Missouri, they declared that
the State should not come in until that was
obliterated.
Now, sir, what else do I propose here to-day
except to say that this State of Nebraska, when
she does come in, shall come in upon the ex-
plicit ground that there shall be no denial of
the rights of citizenship on the ground of color?
Is that any unfair requisition upon this infant
State, that it shall do justice to its own citizens,
that it shall not rob them of rights that are just
as dear as your rights or mine? And, sir, after
having passed yesterday an act which was pred-
icated directly on the right of all men to this
suffrage, witji what propriety can we come in
here this Friday morning and sanction by our
vote that which declares that those of a cer-
tain color shall be excluded from the suffrage?
I ask you, furthermore, after having cast this
vote for the admission of Nebraska, with what
propriety could I go back to the State of Mis-
souri and engage there in a canvass to strike
out the same clause, perhaps, from the consti-
tution of my own State? Would I not be met
on every stump in that State with the asser-
tion, " Why, here, when you had the power,
when Congress was legislating for the Terri-
tories over which it has exclusive jurisdiction,
you refused to strike this clause out." The
argument would be unanswerable, and I would
not dare face the people of Missouri on any
such issue.
Mr. President, I do not believe that this
amendment, if adopted, will delay the admis-
sion of this State for sixty days. 1 am advised
by those who profess to know the feeling and
the temper of that people that they are desir-
ous of adopting a clause of this land, that
they would readily sanction by their vote a
clause of this character as a proviso to their
constitution. I say that it is perfectly feasible
that that vote shall be submitted to them
within thirty days from this time, or within
any brief period that shall be sufficient to
accomplish the preliminary legislation of car-
rying this bill through Congress. I say there-
fore that it is no argument, except the argu-
ment tliatyou will do everlasting injustice rather
than wait for sixty days. That is where the
argument stands flat and square.
1 propose in connection with this amend-
ment, which was drawn somewhat hastily, to
modify it hereafter before it comes to a vote
so as to indicate precisely the day on which
this sense of the people shall be taken there
in the State of Nebraska, and the day 011 which
the return of their vote shall be made. That
will obviate the last difficulty and the last
objection that can be made on that score. I
do not see how the American Senate, having
voted, as I say they did yesterday, the princi-
ple of the right of every man to self-govern-
ment as exercised through, the forms of suf-
frage, can refuse to vote it again here to-day
in regard to the infant State of Nebraska.
Mr. President I shall insist in regard to the
State of Nebraska, which professes to come
here as a free State, as a State that is guaran-
tied to all the essential rights of freedom, upon
the same terms that I shall insist in regard to the
readmission of every one of these southern
States. I never will, so help me God, vote for
therr readmission into this Federal Union until
they shall blot from their constitutions the dis-
tinction which excludes the black man from the
right of suffrage. And, sir, I think we might
as well begin our reforms at home and in our
own family; we might as well begin them in
our Territories,"where there is no- question
about the right of Congress to control this
matter. I think it would be well if Senators
would consider in advance where they may be
placed by their legislation on tkis subject, if.
they shall refuse to exercise the undoubted
power which they now have. I trust, sir, that
the amendment will be received with favor by
the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I have
a sympathy with the now States and desire to
vote for the admission of any State whenever
I feel that I ought to do so; and it is with
great reluctance that I shall vote upon this bill
against the admission of Nebraska at this time.
But my embarrassment is somewhat, relieved by
the consideration that one half of the -people
of Nebraska, so far as they have expressed an
opinion on this subject, have said that they did
not want to come in as a State. While there
were but 3,938 voting for the admission, or for
the constitution, there were 3,838 voting against
it. My vote is not at all influenced by the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mis'
souri. If that amendment were adopted, I
surely could not vote for it at all, if every other
objection were removed.
I am very much gratified, sir, and I think I
may congratulate the country upon the fact,
that the Senator from Ohio, who has by some
been charged with illiberality, to-day upon this
question of territorial rights and the rights of
States has expressed those old-fashioned doc-
trines which governed the legislation ofthe coun-
try upon such questions for more than fifty years,
Very often in the Senate I have heard the doc-
trines which he has proclaimed to-day, but in-
deed they were mostly urged upon this side of
the Chamber, that the people of a Territory
have the absolute and entire right to control
their own affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the honorable
Senator give way for a moment to allow me to
make a motion which it is necessary should be
made now ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that an
error has occurred in engrossing the deficiency
bill that we passed this morning. It has gone
to the House, and it is necessary to get it back
again in order to correct the error. A part
which should not have been stricken out was
stricken out, and the part which should liava
been stricken out was retained. I therefore
offer the following resolution with a view to get
it back:
Resolved, That the Secretary bo directed to request
the Houso of Representatives to return to tho Senate
the bill (H. R. Mo. 816) making appropriations and
to supply delicienoea in the appropriations for tho
service of the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30,1SGT, and for other purposes, for the purpose
of correcting an error in tho engrossment of the
amendments of the Senate to the said bill.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
HENRY CLAY WOOD.
Mr. FESSENDBN. If my friend from
Indiana will allow me, I should like to make
another motion, and tlmt is, that the papers in
relation to the claim of Henry Clay Wood for
which was before the Committee on Claims,
be .taken from the files and referred to the
Committee on Claims. I will state that I make
the motion with a view to offer some additional
testimony. It was reported upon adversely,
and that* adverts report was agreed to; but I
