894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
called upon to .appropriate annuities and pres-
ents to these Indians. If they have not all the
blankets they want it is the boast of the Indians
that all they have to do is to go down on the
Platte and kill a few whites and there will be
a proposition made to have a talk with them
in order to make peace, and with the talk
comes as usual the distribution of more pres-
ents. Thus the whole authority and practice
of the United States is justly brought into con-
tempt under the present management.
And I wish to say that we must be rid of the
whole treaty system in regard to the Indians,
and treat them as wards of the Government.
We must have an Indian code. We must have
a system sufficiently flexible to meet the va-
rious emergencies of tribes, civilized and half-
civilized, within our jurisdiction. We must
take care of them, and not treat them as for-
eigners. Treating them as foreign nations
gives them the right as such to make war. If
an Indian agent breaks a treaty, according to
the principles of international law they have a
right to make war upon us to obtain their rem-
edy. In this the Indian is more logical than
the white. Now, we must get rid of this sys-
tem of treaties with these Indians within our
jurisdiction and treat them as wards of the
United States, and have a proper code of laws
for their government. But for the present we
must do what we can to relieve the present
system from all the outrages that arise under
it both to whites and to Indians.
Now, sir, what does the Indian himself think
of this system. I will read an extract from the
testimony of an officer of the Indian race, who
is on the staff of General Grant, given in the
paper laid on our table this morning. He
says, after urging the transfer of the Indian
Bureau to the control of the War Depart-
ment:
"Most of Indian treaties contain stipulations for
the payment annually to Indians of annuities, either
in money or goods, or both, and agents are ap-
pointed to mako these payments whenever Govern-
ment furnishes them the means. I know of no reason
why officers of the Army could not make all these
payments as well as civilians. The expense of agen-
cies would be saved, and I think the Indians would
be more honestly dealt by. An officer's honor and
interest are at stake, and impel him to discharge his
duty honestly and faithfully, while civil agents have
none of those incentives, the ruling passion with
them being generally to avoid all trouble and respon-
sibility, and to make as much money as possible out
of their offices."
Now, sir, every man, I think, who has been
out in the Indian country knows this to be true.
We have scarcely ever had a civilian among
these wild tribes who could secure their respect
as military men, who understand,them, always
secure it. We have rarely had any complaints
of Indian agents when they were military men;
but I have known Indian tribes to refuse to
treat with civilians, and to ask their Great
Father to send them a captain to deal with
them, because they find that the-word of a
civilian is not so much to be depended upon.
Now, sir, the substitute offered by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] from the
Military Committee, is unanimously reported
to the House by his committee. It is the bill
which last session I reported from the Appro-
priation Committee. It is supported by a part
of the Indian Committee. The subject requires
prompt and early action on the part of Con-
gress to relieve the Government from the rap-
idly increasing expenditures of this branch of
the public service and from the various wrongs
arising from the present system.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I would like to ask the
gentleman when, and where an Indian tribe
which has made a treaty with the Government
with Indian agents has violated its treaty obli-
gations. I- have heard common charges of
this kind made against them, but I will say
that the charges were all upon Indian agents
and traders.
Mr. KASSON. Let me speak from the
record, and so far as Dakota is concerned I
refer the gentleman to the appendix to the
report of the Indian Commissioner. I will
read from Mr. Nesmith's report.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Will the gentleman an-
swer my question ?
Mr. KASSON. Let us see what the record
says:
" Three of these questions were as follows:
" '14th. Ought money annuities to Indians be dis-
continued as farasconsistentwithtreatyobligations?
''' loth. What proportion actually reachcs the hands
of the Indians?
''' 16th. What proportion is received by the trader
for goods and supplies already advanced?'
" To these, with others, numerous replies were
made, among which were the following:
"Colonel John F.Sprague, of the seventh infantry,
who has spent over twenty years of his military life
among the Indians, thus writes:
"' Question. 14. Ought money annuities to Indians to
be discontinued as far as consistent with treaty obli-
gations ?
"' A nswer. Money annuities should be discontinued
to the Indians.
'"Question. What proportion actually reaches the
Indians?
" ' Answer. Very little, if any.
"' Question 16. What proportion is received by the
trader for goods and supplies already advanced?
" ' Answer. The whole, if he can wrest it from the
Indian. During the period previous to paying the
annuity liquor is often sold to Indians and entered
upon his account as calico, shirts, blankets, strouding,
beads,' &c.
"Brigadier General James H. Carlton, command-
ing the department of New Mexico, replies:
_ "'Question 14. Money annuities should be discon-
tinued as far as practieable.
^ ' Question 15. A very small proportion.
" 'Question 16. A very large proportion.
" 'Question 17. What proportion is expended for
intoxicating drinks or in gambling ?
" 'Answer. Nearly or quite all that the Indian gets
over and above what he owes, and what is literally
grabbed from him, at " the payment," by the trader.'
'J. Harlan, United States Indian agent for the
Cherokee nation, writes:
"' Of the amount paid to the Indians nominally by
the Government I think it would be safe to say more
than ninety-nine per cent, was actually paid to t£e
traders and less than one per cent, to the Indians. I
only saw seven dollars paid to an Indian. When an
Indian's name was called a trader stated his claim;
the Indian said, "Uhl" Whether that was yes or
no I could not say; but tho money was paid to the
trader.
" 'Questional. In the only payment I eversawmade
tho proportion was as I stated in the preceding an-
swer. It was all claimed, and nobody disputed it, for
goods and supplies already advanced.'"
The testimony of all honest men who have
been out in the Indian country and who know
anything about the manner in which our Indian
business is conducted is that the present system
of Indian traders and agents and sub-agents is
wrong. There is a volume of testimony upon
this subject taken by a committee of this House
which for some reason has been kept back from
Congress.
Sir, we cannot, without injustice and dis-
honor to the United States, allow this system
to longer continue ; and when a remedy is
proposed, which is the only practical remedy,
one supported ky the men best acquainted
with Indian affairs, supported by General
Pope, who has spent years upon the plains
among the Indians, and who declares this
measure to be a necessity, and by other officers
of the Army high in the public confidence, I
submit that it is time for Congress to consider
and adopt it.
Mr. IIIGBY. I would ask the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] if he thinks we can-
not have a system in the civil service which
will take care of the Indians.
Mr. KASSON. I give up the present system.
Mr. HIGBY. I agree with the gentleman
in regard to the present system, but I go for a
more stringent system.
Mr. KASSON. The system proposed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs merely changes
the present system in a way to lead to greater
expenditures. It proposes to have upon each
board a military man, a priest, and a politician,
three different interests being represented. I
notice that by that bill you actually compel
the military men to come before these boards
and testify and act under their direction. You
thereby increase this very conflict upon the
plains between the military and the civil au-
thorities. And I think those boards will satisfy
themselves very soon that they oan do nothing
without the aid of the military. Wherever they
go, over the plains or through the mountains,
you must send the military with them. Why
not, then, put the management of Indian
affairs under the control of the War Depart-
ment of the Government? In that way it will
all be united under one head, and if you choose
he can send out civilian inspectors. He can
order military reports by telegraph over half
the continent in a week's time. Under the
present system you could not and did not get
a report before the House for two years after
you sent out a special commission for the pur-
pose.
I thank the gentleman from California [Mr.
Higby] for the time he has yielded to me. I
did not intend, when I commenced, to take so
much time as I have.
Mr. HIGBY. How much time, Mr. Speaker,
have I left ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has eleven
minutes of his time remaining.
Mr. HIGBY. I will yield three minutes of
my time to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Ross.]
Mr. ROSS. Being a member of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, I desire to occupy
more time than three minutes, and I therefore
decline the offer of the gentleman from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Higby.]
Mr. HIGBY. I now yield three minutes of
my time to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Darling.]
Mr. DARLING. I suppose that time will
be all I shall desire to occupy. I desire to say,
as a Representative of the great State of New
York, that I thank the distinguished Represent-
ative from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] for introdu-
cing this subject as he has done. I think the
time has come when there should be a change
in the policy of the Government in reference
to the management of our Indian affairs. And
I can see no other way out of the difficulties
that surround us in this matter than to transfer
this bureau to the War Department. By so
doing we will secure the discipline and efficiency
of that arm of the service, and secure the
fidelity which results from that system and that
discipline. We will secure friends for the
Indians and punishment for those who inflict
upon them the wrongs which for a long series
of years have induced them to commit atroci-
ties upon* the unoffending whites upon our
borders. It seems to me that the only idea
which has controlled the Government has been
to get rid of the irregularities and troubles
which have resulted from the intercourse be-
tween the Indians and the whites, by driving
the Indians still further into the wilderness.
The nomadic as T?ell as the permanent tribes
have^ been subject to this process as the ad-
vancing .tide of civilization and emigration has
overtaken them. I am glad to see the oppor-
tunity now offered for the American Congress
to do justice in this matter, by taking com-
pletely the control of our Indian affairs from
the bureau where it is alleged these abuses
have so long existed and transferring it at
once and without delay to the War Department.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HIGBY. I now yield three minutes to
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Sloan.]
Mr. SLOAN. Mr. Speaker, I only desire
to say that I have been long of the opinion
that any change in the management of our In-
dian affairs must of necessity be a change for
the better. The^preseut system of appointing
Indian agents is essentially vicious. These
appointments are conferred as rewards for
political and partisan services. Selected from
the States the appointees have in most cases
very little experience in Indian affairs and very
little knowledge of the Indian character. Go-
ing among the tribes many of these men, as
appears from authentic evidence, are governed
by the mere motive of making all that is pos-
sible during the short time that they can expect
to hold their offices. The result of this system
is that plundering and fraud are common in
the management of our Indian affairs. The
wrongs which the Indians suffer drive them
into armed conflict with the whites, and then
the military force of the country is turned upon
them to ravage and destroy.
