1570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
radius. *T will yield, however, to the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Indiana.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
that the Senate insist on its amendment to this
bill which has been returned from the House
of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate took
a recess till half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven and a half
o'clock p. m.
ENROLLED BILLS.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolution,
and they were thereupon signed by the Presi
dent pro tempore of the Senate :
A bill (S. No. 453) regulating the tenure of
certain civil offices;
A bill (H. R. No. 140) to restore Lieutenant
Joseph P. FyfFe to his grade in active service
of the Navy;
A bill (H. R. No. 1099) providing for the
election of a Congressional Printer; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 216) for the
restoration of Lieutenant Commander S. L
Breese, United States Navy, to the active
list from the retired list.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, communicating, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate of the 8th
of January last, such information as is in the
possession of the Departments in relation to
violations of the act entitled "An act to pro-
tect all persons in the UnitedStates in their civil
rights and furnish the means of their vindica-
tion," and the steps taken to enforce the law.
The Secretary proceeded to read the mes-
sage.
Mr. LANE. That was read to day. I move
that it be laid upon the table and printed for
the use of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator is mistaken in supposing that it was read
to-day at all.
Mr. LANE. It was not read at the desk,
but it was read by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Cowan] in the course of his speech.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope it will be formally
read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the
duty of the Chair to communicate the message
to the Senate.
Mr. LANE. It is the duty of the Senate to
hear it or have it printed as they think best.
I move that the reading be dispensed with, and
that it be laid upon the table and printed for
the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate a message from the Presi-
dent of the United States, communicating, in
answer to the resolution of the Senate of the
27th of July last, relative to the practicability
of establishing equal reciprocal relations be-
tween the United States and the British North
American Provinces, and the actual condi-
tion of the question of the fisheries, a report
on the subject from the Secretary of State,
with the papers to which it refers; which avas
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
RETAINED BOUNTY OF COLORED SOLDIERS.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up the
bill (S. No. 695) to regulate the disposition of
an irregular fund in the custody of the Freed-
men's Bureau.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
As the Commissioner of the Bureau of Ref-
ugees, Preedmen, and Abandoned Lands re-
ports a retained bounty fund, derived from a
portion of the State bounties of certain colored
soldiers enlisted in Virginia and North Caro-
lina, daring the years 1864 and 1865, and by
virtue of General Order No. 90, department I
of Virginia and North Carolina, series of -
1864, holden by the superintendent of Freed-
men's Affairs, but turned over to_ the Freed- j
men's Bureau upon its organization; and as j
the Commissioner has in possession the names
of those soldiers from whom the money was
taken, and as he has uniformly returned it
upon the application or discovery of legal rep- ]
resentatives, but retains a considerable portion \
belonging to soldiers who are either deceased j
or who cannot be found, therefore the bill pro-
poses to constitute the Commissioner of the
Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Aban-
doned Lands, or his successor in office, the
lawful custodian of this retained bounty fund,
and to appoint him trustee of the same for the
benefit of the colored soldiers or their lawful
representatives.
The Commissioner is also specially author-
ized and empowered to invest the fund, or
any portion of it, for the exclusive benefit of
the colored soldiers or their legal represent-
atives ; but a sufficient amount in cash is to be
retained uninvested to meet all lawful claims
thereupon that will probably be presented for
payment; and any portion of the fund which
may remain unexpended when the bureau shall
cease to exist is to be accounted for by the
Commissioner to the Treasury of the United
States.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the bill
in section two, line three, by inserting after
the word "thereof" the words "insecurities
of the United States;" so as to read :
That the said Commissioner be, and he is hereby,
specially authorized and empowered to invest the
said fund, or any portion thereof, in securities of the
United States, for the exclusive benefit of the said
colored soldiers, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
LONGEVITY RATION.
Mr. WILSON. I now move that the Senate
Sroceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
fo. 1135) to extend togeneral officers and offi-
cers on the retired list the benefit of the addi-
tional ration for every five years' service.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It proposes to amend sec-
tion fifteen of the act to increase the present
military establishment of the United States,
and for other purposes, approved July 5, 1838,
so that general officers shall not hereafter be
excluded from receiving the additional ration
for every five years' service ; and further pro-
vides that officers on the retired list of the
Army shall have the same allowance of addi-
tional rations for every five years' service as
officers in active service.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to know
what that bill does?
Mr. WILSON. The" bill gives to general
officers and retired officers the additional ration
for every five years' service. Every five years
it adds $108 to their pay.
Mr. WILLIAMS. One hundred and eight
dollars a year?
Mr. WILSON. Every five years the officers
of the Army are entitled to an additional ra-
tion, which is called the service ration, and is
worth $108. Where a man has been in service
forty years it annually amounts to $864. This
bill gives the benefit of this additional ration
to general officers and officers on the retired
list. General officers do not receive this ra-
tion, while colonels do receive it; so that col-
onels in the Army receive about the same
pay as brigadier generals, in consequence of
brigadier generals not getting this service ra-
tion. By this bill we extend it to general offi-
cers and officers who have been retired on pay
proper.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not see the pro-
priety of it myself. It is a mere increase of
pay to those on the retired list. I do not think
it is right.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator desires more
time* to consider it I will let the bill lie over.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not object, of
course.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to inquire
of my friend from Massachusetts whether the
pay of these general officers on the activc list
] is not large enough already, and whether they
were not omitted from the previous provisions
as to this ration on the ground of their having
\ a sufficient pay already in the preceding law
on the subject?
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
that a brigadier gets $5,400, and some of our
colonels $4,900 at this time. However, if
thero is objection to it, I am willing that thi3
bill should lie over, as I have several bills that
I am anxious to dispose of this evening.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be laid aside by common consent, no objec-
tion being interposed.
SETTLEMENT OF PAYMASTERS' ACCOUNTS.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up House
bill No. 475.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (II. R. No. 475) to facilitate
the settlement of the accounts of paymasters
of the Army. It directs the accounting officers
of the Government charged with the settlement
of the accounts of paymasters and additional
paymasters, who have heretofore paid any troops
of the United States since the commencement
of the war for the suppression of the late rebel-
lion, to place to the credit of those paymasters
or additional paymasters all sums and amounts
of money paid by them, respectively, to any
officer, soldier, or employ^ connected with the
military service of the United States during the
war; but such payments are to be shown to
have been actually made in good faith, without
fraudulent practice or intent, and where the
erroneous payments discovered have manifestly
not b^fm the result of gross negligence or care-
lessness.
Mr. WILSON. I will say that the bill passed
the House of Representatives a year ago; our
committee have held it back for the purpose
of looking very carefully into it; but now as
the war has closed, and most of the men are
paid and the accounts settled, it was thought
best that the bill should now be passed. It
will settle the accounts of a few paymasters
who have in good faith paid men through mis-
take in construing the laws.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the aggregate amount
of suspended accounts in the paymaster's de-
partment?
Mr. WILSON. I do not know. I do not
think anybody knows what it is ; but it cannot
be but a very small sum.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think it is millions.
Mr. WILSON. The Paymaster General told
me when they had paid out over a thousand
millions to the soldiers that they had lost by
the paymasters not a quarter of a million.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire if there is any
communication from the Paymaster General
recommending the passage of such a law as
this ?
Mr. WILSON. The Paymaster General, I
understand, is willing that this bill should
pass.
Mr. GRIMES. Has the Senator got any
information directly from him ?
Mr. WILSON. He wrote a letter to the
House committee in favor of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not like to oppose this
bill; but I have understood that there are
eighty millions of suspended accounts. That
statement may be exceedingly exaggerated;
but I will state to the Senate that on the com-
mittee of which I am a member we never pass
any bill of this character or affecting money
I without having a written opinion and state-
