1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1571
ment from the head of the bureau and the ,
head of the department giving their opinions !
on the subject as to whether it sliould be passed '
or not. |
Mr. WILSON. I am anxious to get through
with as many bills as I can to-night, and if
gentlemen desire time to think of this matter I
will let this bill lie over.
Mr. GRIMES. That is the right way.
Mr. WILSON. As I have a great many
other bills that I wish to dispose of this even-
ing if possible, I will let this bill go over for
the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be laid aside if there be no objection.
ABOLITION OP PEONAGE.
Mr. WILSON. I now call up the bill (S.
No. to abolish and forever prohibit the
system of peonage in the Territory of New
Mexico and other parts of the United States.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I have an amendment to
offer to the bill in two sections, as a substitute
for the entire bill. I do not think it necessary, '
therefore, to read the original bill, but merely
the amendment, which is more carefully drawn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the original bill will be dispensed with
if there be no objection.
Mr. WILSON. I move to strike out all of
the bill after the enacting clause, and to insert
the following in lieu thereof: I
That the holding of any person to service or labor
under the system known as peonage is hereby de-
clared to be unlawful, and thesameis hereby abolished
and forever prohibited in the Territory of N"ew Mex-
ico, or in any other Territory or State of the United
States; and all laws, resolutions, orders, regulations, i
or usages of the Territory of Xew Mexico, or of any
other Territory or State of the United States, which
have heretofore established, maintained, or enforced,
or by virtue of which any attempt shall hereafter be
made to establish, maintain, or enforce, directly or ,
indirectly, the voluntary or involuntary service or .
labor of any persons as peons, in liquidation of any I
debt or obligation, orotherwise, be, and the same are
hereby, declared null and void; and any person or 1
persons who shall hold, arrest, or jeturn, or cause to [
be held, arrested, or returned, or in any manner aid j
in the arrest or return of any person or persons to a 1
condition of peonage, shall, upon conviction, be i
punished by fine not less than $1,000 nor more than
$.■>,000, and by imprisonment not less than one nor more
than five years, or both, at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. Thatitshall be the
duty of all persons in the military or civil service in
the Territory of New Mexico to aid in the enforce-
ment of the foregoing section of this act; and any
person or persons who shall obstruct or attempt to
obstruct, or in any way interfere with or prevent the
enforcement of this act, shall be liable to the pains
and penalties hereby provided; and any officer or
other person in the mi]if:iry service of the United
States who shall so offend, directly or indirectly, shall,
on conviction before a court-martial, bedishonorably
dismissed the service of the United States, and shall
thereafter be ineligible to reappointment to any office
of trust, honor, or profit under the Government.
Mr. DAVIS. I will thank the mover of this
bill to inform the Senate what this thing called
peonage is; to give us a clear, succinct, and
comprehensible definition of the term.
Mr. WILSON. It is a condition of modi-
fied servitude, which we have inherited from
Mexico. It exists in New Mexico at this time,
the only part of the country where I know it
does exist. In some cases it is voluntary, but
in most cases forcible. In the larger towns it
is disappearing, but in a portion of the country
it still exists ; and what is more, officers of the
United States, military and civil, have been
carrying it out. The object of this bill is to
arrest it, to make it the duty of the civil and
military officers of the United States in the
Territory to put an end to the system and not
support it. A report was made by one of
the officers of the Government, one of the
Indian agents, to the Indian Bureau, showing
how persons were held in service; that officers
of the United States held these persons in
service; and that Colonel Davis, under the
direction of General Carleton, had undertaken
to enforce this law or custom in New Mexico.
We intend by this bill to put an end to the
system. It is a system of modified servitude
which ia carried on to a great extent in Nqw
Mexico, and especially to a lamentable extent
with the Indians. A great many Indians are
captured and forcibly held in servitude.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator says that it is a
system of modified servitude, sometimes vol-
untary and sometimes involuntary. I suppose
that to the extent that it is voluntary there is
no necessity and no power on the part of Con-
gress to interfere with it. But how far and to
what extent is it voluntary ? The system of
apprenticeship is a servitude, and an involun-
tary servitude. I have seen a great deal of J
general statement about peonage in Mexico, j
but I have never yet met with any precise defi-
nition of it giving me a fair idea of what it was. !
I admit that-my want of information on the 1
subject has not been supplied much by the
explanation of the Senator. In what form is
it involuntary to what extent; what are the
rights of the peon, and what are the rights of
the man who claims his services ? How can it
be terminated ? I suppose all these are matters
that are governed by the system itself. I think 1
we are about to legislate on a subject that we !
know very little about; at least that is my case, j
Mr. LANE. By the laws of Mexico which ;
were existing in New Mexico at the time of |
the conquest peonage was established. The
system was simply this, as I understand it:
that where a Mexican owed a debt his creditor
had a right to his labor and services until that
debt was paid. The debtor became a domestic
servant, and he and his family were supported
by the creditor, and the peonage never ended
until the debt was discharged. It was a kind of
servitude for debt, which the committee thought
was inconsistent with our institutions. We
simply say by this bill that peonage shall be
abolished, and the creditor shall be left to all
his legal means of collecting his debt, but he
shall not hold the peon in slavery. I under-
stand also that by this system the creditor not
only had a right by an involuntary process to
the labor of the peon, but the debtor if he
chose might become the servant of the cred-
itor and serve until the debt was paid. A very
small debt with the interest, where the peon
has a family to support and the creditor sup-
ports him, amounts to a servitude for life. We
now simply say that the creditor in New Mexico
shall have all the means of collecting their
debts known to the law, but that peonage or
servitude for debt shall cease. That is the
whole of it.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, Mr. President, I have
been for a good many years of my life in about
the same state of slavery that my friend from
Indiana represents the peons of Mexico to have
been; I have owed considerable debts and I
have worked mighty hard to pay them. All
the proceeds of my labor went to the payment
of my debts, and I had not the advantage which
the peon has ; the creditor was not supporting
me during the time I was laboring to discharge
my debts ; I had to support myself.
I rather think this matter might as well be
postponed till the 4th of March. I believe
every difficult question is proposed to be re-
ferred over to that time. I once heard of an
Irishman who stole an old woman's turkey,
and he put it under his arm and was traveling
off pretty rapidly to make his escape with his
booty. She followed him some distance, but
he outran her. When she discovered that she
could not overtake him, she said, "Oh, you
thief, never mind ; you will pay for this on the
day of judgment." "Well, madam," said he,
' 'if you wiH- trust me that long I will take
another." [Laughter.] I think we may as
well trust this system of peonage till the 4th of
March, when I suppose the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts will have time to investi-
gate the whole subject, and to present it just as
it exists clearly to the Senate, and inform us
what there is in it that deserves correction or
reformation, and what there is in it that ought
to remain. I think this feature of a man s
working to pay the debts that he owes to his
creditors, in a modified form*at least, ought to
exist.
Mr. WILSON. I do not suppose the Sena-
tor from Kentucky needs information in regard
to what peonage is in New Mexico or Mexico
or anywhere else. I do not desire to take up
time in defining what it is. It is simply a sys-
tem of slavery, as I said, a modified slavery.
The creditor cannot sell the peon, but he holds
his services. The system has been of the most
wretched and degrading character, degrading
all that class of population. In the larger towns
in New Mexico they are getting emancipated
from it, and the peons are being elevated by
that emancipation.
Mr. LANE. If the Senator will pardon me
one moment, I will say that the creditor can-
not sell the peon, but he can transfer him just
as he would a mule or a horse and give his ser-
vices to anybody else. It is a system of serf-
dom worse than the Russian system ever was.
Mr. COWAN. If he assigns hira is it not
on a consideration?
Mr. LANE. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. The other day my colleague
read from a report of one of the officers of the
Indian Bureau an account of the state of things
in New Mexico. That officer pressed upon the
Government the importance of prompt action
in this matter; that a great number of persons
were held ?n that condition; that the system
exists in a large portion of New Mexico, and
is in force to-day. It has disappeared in the
large towns, and peons who once worked for
two or three dollars a month are now able to
command respectable wages, to support their
families, elevate themselves, and improve their
condition. It is certainly a most wretched
system. It applies not to negroes, but to white
men; and while I have great faith in the negro,
I believe a white man is as good as a negro ;
and while I have been against negro slavery,
I am also against slavery of this kind for white
men. I hope we shall put the bill on its pas-
sage, and I have no doubt good results will
grow out of it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state for the inform-
ation of the Senate that while examining into
the Indian affairs of New Mexico, as a mem-
ber of the committee on that subject, of which
the present Presiding Officer was also a mem-
ber, we reported some testimony bearing on
this state of affairs in the Territory of New
Mexico. It appeared, I think, from my best
recollection without now reading from the re-
port, that it was believed there were about two
thousand of the Navajo and Ute Indians who
were held in New Mexico as domestic servants
in a state of bondage or slavery. The Navajoes,
a large and powerful tribe of Indians, number-
ing nearly ten thousand, had been almost con-
stantly at war with the Mexicans ; and it will
be remembered that a majority of the Mexicans
are of Indian blood, with some Spanish blood
intermixed. These wars had continued for
hundreds of years probably. They were raid-
ing upon each other, stealing each other's
flocks and herds, and stealing each other's
women and children. The Mexicans, it is
said, rather got the advantage of the Navajoes
in the number of women and children, but the
Navajoes got the advantage of the Mexicans in
stealing sheep and cattle, and running them
off into their fastnesses. The sum and sub-
stance of the testimony was that probably there
were about two thousand Indians held in New
Mexico under this system. But, sir, you will
recollect the testimony of Judge Benedict, the
chief justice of the Territory. He stated that the
question having arisen before the United States
court in New Mexico upon a habeas corpus, it
was decided that these persons were free, and
the court had discharged them upon habeas
corpus. The court had decided that there was
no power in the law of New Mexico which
would hold a person against his will in servi-
tude; but he stated that as a practical fact
these persons remained in the families and in
the service of their former masters or employ-
ers. Not knowing their rights, not being in a
position to go into court to assert their rights,
or not having a desire to do so, they were gen-
