896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 81,
of twenty of all the difficulties that have arisen
between tjje whites and the Indians have grown
out of aggressions upon the part of the white
men against the Indians. Why, sir, what was
the reason alleged for taking these seven or
ten thousand Indians from their native home
in Arizona and placing them in New Mexico?
It was that they made forays in New Mexico
and stole horses, sheep, and cattle. And yet
the evidence shows that the New Mexicans
had stolen from the Indians two horses, sheep,
and cattle where the Indians stole one. Nor is
this all: the New Mexicans had taken about
five thousand of their women and children and
sold them into slavery, where they are held as
slaves to-day.
Mr. Speaker, while we are looking into this
question we should look at it in a spirit of
justice. What have we done to these men of
the forest, wlio have heretofore occupied all
this vast region of country? We have driven
them westward, westward, westward! We said
when we got them beyond the great Father of
Waters that there they would have a resting
place. But the discovery of gold in California
and the Territories has changed our resolution;
the tide of emigration has reached almost every
part of the western country. The buffalo and
game, from which the Indians have heretofore
procured a subsistence, are disappearing before
the onward and irresistible wave of popula-
tion, and the aborigines are passing away like
autumn leaves.
All the land that is fit for hunting, for min-
ing, or for agriculture was taken possession of
by the white man. The Indian reservations
are planted away off in some place where life
cannot be sustained except it be the owl, the
wolf, or the snake. And we ask the Indian to
remain there and cultivate the soil as no white
man, with all the appliances of civilization,
would undertake to do. The country where they
are located lacks many of the prerequisites for a
habitable country. It lacks soil, it lacks tim-
ber, and it lacks water; and if they succeed
in overcoming some or all of these difficulties,
and they make some improvements, get some
small portion of the land under cultivation,
then the grasshopper, the caterpillar, and the
hail-storm come to destroy their crops.
Now, it is perfectly ridiculous to ask peo.ple
to live in such a country and obtain a subsist-
ence. Take, for instance, the eight or ten
thousand Indians now held by the military in
the Territory of New Mexico. Why, sir, you
could take all those Indians, bring them into
the settlements, and board them at hotels and
boarding-houses far cheaper than they are now
maintained in New Mexico. I think great
injustice has been perpetrated upon the Indians
in that Territory. While in New Mexico I
had an opportunity to see them and talk with
them. They came around the committee, old
men and women, with tears streaming down
their cheeks, and told us how their children
were dying from want of proper sustenance
and from being compelled to drink the alkali
water there. They told us how they had been
treated by the military; that they had been
driven from their former homes by the soldiers
at the point of the bayonet and forced to go on
reservations where they could not possibly
raise enough to support them. They said they
wanted to go back to their old homes. They
asked us, when we returned to Washington, to
say to their " Great Father" that they wished
to be returned to their old homes, where they
would be peaceable and quiet. They said that
if that was done they would overlook the
great iniquity which had been practiced upon
them by the people of New Mexico, in stealing
their wives and children and selling them into
slavery, and they would guaranty that they
would be able to support themselves.
Sir, these Indians did support themselves for
one hundred and fifty or two hundred years in
Arizona, where they formerly lived. But they
have been forced away from there by the mili-
tary and placed upon reservations where white
men would starve to death, and now the Gov-
ernment has to pay some $100,00Q per month
to subsist the Indians there. The care of the
Indians in New Mexico is a fair test of what
we will have if the whole management of In-
dian affairs is placed under the War Depart-
ment. What may we expect? A man is sent
out there from the Military Academy; the
young officer wants of course to see his name
in print; and how is he to do it? Why, he
must "punish the Indians," in western par-
lance. He starts out upon a war hunt, and
kills some old men, women, and children, and
thereupon his name is paraded in the papers
as that of a great military chieftain. All these
Indian difficulties are generally brought on by
the inexperienced officers who have charge of
affairs out there.
I believe the remedy proposed by the joint
committee who visited the Indian territories,
in the shape of the bill now before us, is the
best measure we can have. I have confidence
that the bill will, if passed, prevent the specu-
lation now practiced upon the Indians.
Mr. BID WELL. The gentleman complains
of the treatment of the Indians in New Mexico
by the military. Now, I ask him if that is not
under the present system, which leaves the man-
agement of Indian affairs in the Department of
the Interior?
Mr. ROSS. I tried when I was out there
to find out by what authority the Indians had
been hunted down like wild wolves and placed
upon reservations where a white man would
starve; but I could not find out. In my judg-
ment it is done by the military without authority
of law. There are there in New Mexico ten
thousand human beings, the wards of the Gov-
ernment, whom we should look after and pro-
tect, but who are now held in absolute slavery
there.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Scheuck]
asks us to extend that legislation and to give to
officers of the Army and permit officers of the
Army to go out upon the plains and lord it over
the red man of the forest. Sir, I will never
give my sanction to so great an iniquity at-
tempted to be fastened on any people. Many
of them are placed upon these reservations
against their own will, and I know that there
are orders made that if they attempt to escape
from the reservations and go back to their
native mountain homes they are to be shot
down like dogs.
These are facts for the House to consider
and deliberate upon in determining whether
we shall place these Indians, whom we have
robbed of their possessions, under the control
of such men. I wish all the members of the
House could go out and see the payments made
to these Indians. They are the wards of the
Government and look to us for support and
protection. They have no right to sue or be
sued, and when imposed upon what is their
remedy ? They have none in Congress and none
in the courts. They have none and know none
but retaliation. And it is tho injustice practiced
on these Indians by vicious white men on the
frontier that brings about all the difficulty and
trouble between this Government and the In-
dians.
We inquired, sir, into these difficulties. We
made it our special business to look into them,
and our report shows that our presence there,
in conjunction with the action of General Pope,
stopped a war which would have cost the Gov-
ernment millions of dollars. -
There are always some men out there of the
Army who are anxious to fight the Indians.
They all talk about "chastising the Indians."
Speculators and contractors urge the Govern-
ment to send out troops to fight the Indians
that they may reap a rich harvest in contracts
for transportation and supplies.
My judgment is that if you would withdraw
all the troops from the Territories there would
not be one man killed of the ten who are now
killed. I cannot in the House relate all the
facts that came to my knowledge in reference
to the abuse and the treatment of the Indians.
It could not be related in language that would
be proper here. The facts are all incorporated
in the testimony which has been presented to
the country in a published volume which all
may see.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. Speaker, the import-
ance of this measure justifies me in soliciting
for a few minutes the serious attention of the
House.
I have yielded the floor in almost every
instance since this discussion commenced to
those who were opposed to the bill, and the
House has had the argument presented, I pre-
sume, in as strong a light as it can be in favor
of a transfer of the Indian Bureau to the War
Department. Frauds have been alleged against
the administration of the Indian system as it
now exists. We admit the existence of frauds;
we admit that therehasbeen mismanagement;
and the object of this bill is to prevent their
recurrence. We believe that after a careful
investigation of this subject we have devised a
remedy for these evils. It is agreed on all
hands that some change is necessary, and
because there has been for years a hue and
cry throughout the country against the Indian
Bureau, it is therefore thougSt by many that the
only remedy is to transfer the management of
Indian affairs to the War Department. I think,
Mr. Speaker, that before I concludc my re-
marks I shall be able to show, from some few
specimens of the management of Indian affairs
by the War Department, that if we adopt the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio we
will vastly increase all the evils of which we
now complain. I believe, sir, that the trans-
fer of the Indian Bureau to the War Depart-
ment will add tenfold to the present expenses
of the management of Indian affairs; and I
will endeavor to present facts establishing this
position.
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kasson]
seems to be the father of this movement; and
by the by I understand that in 1865 he made
a trip ^across the plains, and wandering away
from his comrades was chased and terribly
frightened by a lone squaw. [Laughter.] He
thinks that squaw should be placed under the
immediate control of the military authorities ;
and he hastens here and introduces a bill for
that purpose. [Laughter.] The gentleman
says that his proposition is approved by all
who are best acquainted with Indian affairs.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I happen to know some-
thing on that point. The bill now reported
from the Committee on Indian Affairs passed
the Senate nearly a year ago. We were not
able to reach it in the House during the last
session. The attention of those throughout
the country who have interested themselves in
Indian affairs has since been turned to it; and
I have in my possession numerous letters from
gentlemen who have given much attention to
this subject, all of whom most thoroughly and
cordially approve it. Bishop Whipple, of my
own State, than whom there is no man in the
country better acquainted with Indian affairs,
is most anxious for its passage. A delegation
from the Society of Friends has addressed me
on the subject urging favorable action upon it.
Without stopping to read those letters, for I
have not the time, I may say that throughout
the entire country you will find scarcely a sin-
gle individual whose attention has been seri-
ously given to Indian matters who does not
believe that this measure presents the best
remedy that has been proposed for correcting
existing abuses in the administration of Indian
affairs.
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kasson]
and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schen-ck]
both oppose this bill and defend the amend-
ment emanating from the Military Committee
on the ground of economy. On that point 1
wish the attention of the House for a few mo-
ments. The gentleman from Iowa says that
when we look at the fearful increase in the ap-
propriations for Indian affairs, it is time that
we should pause and ascertain whether some
remedy cannot be found for the extravagance
of the present system. He says that the ex-
penses have increased within a few years until
they now reach nearly four million dollars.
