1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBH
isr
that anybody sees fit to infliet upon as. We
have spent the whole of this week -in "passing a
bill which the House passed in" half an hour.
They put on the previous question, passed the
bill promptly, and- sent it back to us the very
day that it was sent to them. -
Now, sir, I think the Senate ought to remain
here and do their talking. Let every man who
wants to make a speech make his speech with
the understanding that all the talking shall be
done during the holidays, and that on the 3d
of Jauu&ry this body shall meet to do business.
The talking having been done, we shall then
be ready for voting.
I hope the amendment will not prevail, but
that this body will remain, and let every man
who "Wants to talk talk to his heart's content,
and oft the 3rd of January the other House
will appear ready to transact business, and
we, having done our talking, will be ready to
transact business, and then we can go.on and
do the business of the country satisfactorily.
I hope lhe amendment will At prevail, but
that the Senate will remain in session and every
member will have an opportunity, to discuss
everything. We have no rules to limit debate,
and it is very important that these speeches
should be made, and I feope we shall remain
in session for that purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the resolution,
offered by the Senator from California.
The amendment was agreed to.
" The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the resolution as amended, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 16; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buekalew, Con-
ness, Creswell, Davis, 'Doolittle, Frelinghuysen,
Grimes, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Norton, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Kiddle, Ross, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Van Win-
kle, Willey, andYates—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Dixon,Fessenden, Fogg,
Foster, Howard, Johnson, Kirkwuotl. Lane, Pattor-
son, Sanlsbury, Sumner; Trumbull, Wade, Williams,
and Wilson—16.
ABSJSNT—Messrs. Cattell, Cowan, Cragin, Ed-
munds, Fowler, Guthrie, McDougall, Nesmith, and
Nye—9.
So the resolution, as amended, was adopted.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. BROWN. I move that when the Senate
adjourn to:day it be to meet on Monday next.
ThePRESIDENT_pro tempore. The motion
can only be received by unanimous consent,
another subject being properly before the
Senate, on which the Senator from Indiana is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I give way to that
motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection to the reception of the
motion of the Senator from Missouri.
The motion was agreed to.
ADMISSION OF NEBRASKA.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire now to submit,
for the purpose of having it printed, an amend-
ment which I shall propose at the proper time
to the bill for the admission of Nebraska.
The amendment was received informally,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Indiana is entitled to the floor on the
Nebraska bill. Does he yield to the Senator
from Massachusetts?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not object to that.
I yield to the Senator from Massachusetts.
' Mr. WILSON. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 14, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read And
approved.
GOVERNMENTAL LINE OF TELEGRAPH.
Mr. KASSON.by unanimous eonsefit, intro-
duced a bill to authorize the purchase or con-
struction of a military and postal line of tele-
f aph under the direction of the Post Office
epartment; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
LOYAL GOVERNMENT IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. . Mr. Speaker, I
have the honor to present to the House a me-
morial addressed to the two Houses of Con-
gress, signed by Son. J. M. Wells, Governor
of Louisiana; Hon. W. B. Hyman, Chief Jus-
tice ; Hon. R. K. Howell, Associate Justice;
Hon. J. K. Belden, late Associate Justice;
Hon. J. W. Handlin, Judge; Hon. H. C.
Warmoth, Judge; Hon. Jacob Hawkins, late
District Judge, and about one thousand others,
electors of Louisiana, praying that Congress
may take immediate action for the organiza-
tion of a new and loyal State government in
Louisiana, and for the protection of the loyal
people of the State.
I move that the memorial be printed, and
referred to the select committee upon the New
Orleans riots.
Mr. BINGHAM. Should not this memo-
rial be referred to the joint committee on recon-
struction ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that this document does not relate to represent-
ation in Congress.
The memorial was referred to the select com-
mittee on the New Orleans riots, and ordered
to be printed.
CHARLES K. DEAN.
On motion of Mr. COBB, leave was granted
to Charles K. Dean to withdraw his papers
from the files of the House.
GOVERNMENT TELEGRAPH.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Mr. Speak-
er, I have a subject which I should like to
have permission to introduce and have referred
to the Committee on the Post Officc and Post
Roads, and as it is a matter of some interest I
should like to have it read. It is somewhat of
an experiment, but one which I think will
benefit the country. It is a bill for the con-
struction of a Government telegraph from
Washington to New York city.
The bill was read.
The first section authorizes and directs the
Postmaster General to construct a telegraph
line from the city of Washington to the city of
New York, which line is declared to be amail
route, subject to all existing laws in relation to
mail routes in the United States, so far as the
same may be applicable : and it provides fur-
ther that the Postmaster General shall have
power and authority to establish the necessary
offices for the use of said line, and shall have
authority and power to procure all necessary
rooms for offices, and to procure a sufficient
number of agents and operators to operate said
line of telegraph.
Section two provides that no message shall
be sent over the said line unless it shall be
stamped with a three-cent postage stamp, and
there shall be a uniform rate for the transmis-
sion of messages, without regard to distance,
of one half a cent for each word, except for
the odd word of any message there shall be no
charge; but no message shall be sent for a less
sum than ten cents; and there shall be charged
two cents for the delivery of each and every
message, provided that the Government shall
be entitled to send and receive all its messages
over said line free of charge, and shall have
priority in sending nil messages.
Section three appropriates the sum of $50,000
for the purpose of carrying out the provisions'
of this act. - .
There was no objection; and the bill was
received, read a first and second time, referred -
to the Committee on the Pest Office and.Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN CANAL, " '
Mr. WELKER, by unanimous consent, in.- '
troduced a bill to incorporate the Washington,:
and Georgetown Canal Company: wliicli WM
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia, .
RECONSTRUCTION. • • '
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill providing civil governments, for
districts lately in revolt against the United
States;,.and for the restoration of said districts
to their forfeited rights as States of the Union :
which Was read a first and seeondtime, referred
to the Committee oh Territories^ and ordered
to be printed.
PENSIONS.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, by unanimous
conscnt, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
reporting a bill fixing the time when pensions to
widows and orphan children of persons in the mili-
tary and naval service reported as missing in action
and not Subsequently accounted for during the late
rebellion shall commence.
ARMY.
Mr. HAWKINS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to amend an act entitled "An
act to increase and fix the military peace estab-
lishment of the United States," approved July
28, 1866; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. DELANO called for the regular order
of business, which the Speaker stated to be the
call of committees for reports of private bills.
MISS SUE MUKPHEY.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back Senate bill No. 413, for
the relief of Miss Sue Murphey, of Decatur,
Alabama, and moved that it be indefinitely
postponed; which motion was agreed to.
OBER, NANSON AND COMPANY.
Mr. DELANO, from the same committee,
reported back Senate joint resolution No. 173,
for the relief of Ober, Nanson & Co., mer-
chants, of New York, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
The joint resolution in the preamble recites
that Ober, Nanson & Co., of the city of New
York, did, on October 18, 1865, deposit in
the post office of the city of New York a
sealed package, containingtwelvehundred com-
pound-interest notes of the United States, each
of the denomination of fifty dollars, dated Sep-
tember 1, 1865, and falling due September 1,
1868, amounting to 360,000, which notes are
described as follows: §3,000, letter D, Nos.
272,801 to 272,900 inclusive ; $5,000, letter A,
Nos. 276,201to270,300inclusive; S5,000, letter
C, Nos. 270,801 to 270,900 inclusive ; $5,000,
letter A, Nos. 268,601 to 268,700 inclusive;
So,000, letter C, Nos. 268,601 to 268,700 inclu-
sive ; $5,000, letter C, Nos. 268,301 to 268,400
inclusive ; $5,000, letter C, Nos. 275,501 to
275,600 inclusive ; $5,000, letter D, Nos. 270,-
501 to 270,600inclusive; $5,000, letter C, Nos.
275,301 to 275,400 inclusive; $5,000, letter D,
NOs. 276,201 to 276,300 inclusive ; $5,000, let-
ter A, Nos. 275,601 to 275,700inelusive: $5000,
letter A, Nos. 275,901 to 276,000 inclusive.
Which package was directed to Ober, Atwater
& Co., merchants of the city of New Orleans,
and was registered and receipt given by the
postmaster at New York, dated October 18,
1865, and was dispatched through the United
States mail, on the steamship Republic, to
its place of destination, as certified by the post-
master of Now York; and that said steam-
ship Republic, with the United States mails
