1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1578
But nothing in this act shall be construed as affect-
ing or in any way relating to the militia of the sev-
eral States when called into the service of the United
State?.
Mr. WILSON. I think that is a very sim-
ple and plain proposition. It puts the men
who have served in the volunteers, who are
now in the regular Army, in regard to pay,
allowances, rank, duties, and privileges, on the
same footing precisely with those who belong
permanently to the regular Army. It ought
to pass. I do not see why any objection should
be made to it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What is it? I do not
understand it.
Mr. WILSON. As the matter stands now,
there is no equal in it at all. A man may have
entered the volunteer service on the first day
of the war as a lieutenant, and one of his
neighbors may have entered the regular Army
as lieutenant. They may have served to the
end of the war, and at the close of the war the
man who entered the regular Army is a lieu-
tenant ; the man who entered the volunteers is
a major general. He goes into the regular
Army as a lieutenant, or perhaps is appointed
a captain ; and the lieutenant of the regular
Army is put in one of the new regiments as a
captain. The lieutenant of the regular Army
outranks the major general, whose name is a
part of the history of the country. Such cases
are innumerable. Now, what we want to d8
is to lei,the time of service count; that these
men shall stand on an equality in all respects
in regard to pay. Then we want the man who
served in the volunteers to have the same rights
as the man who served in the regular Army.
This bill passed the House of Representatives
for that purpose. We have amended it slightly,
restricting its action as it passed the House,
with the exception of the clause voted down,
which I think ought to pass ; but I am not
going to make a contest over it here to- night,
for I know very well that a set of men who
want special privileges in this matter have been
writing all over the country that they would
not stand quite so high, and somebody else
would stand a little higher if men's services
were counted in the war.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In regard to the rations
"and all that, I think it is very right; but how
about the command, the authority ?
Mr. WILSON. The volunteer officer will
be on the same footing by law precisely as the
other man who served in the regular Army. It
gives the volunteer officers the benefit of their
service in the volunteers.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I guess that is right.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts to the second sec-
tion of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I offer another amendment,
to insert as an additional section the following:
And be it further enacted. That the act entitled "An
act to increase the pay of soldiers in the United
States Army, and for other purposes," approved June
20, 1864, shall not be so construed as to increase the
emoluments of the commissioned officers of the Army
at the date of its passage. And the first section of
the act entitled "An act to amend the several acts
heretofore passed to provide for enrolling and call-
ing out the national forces, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3,1865, was not intended to
be retrospective or retroactive in its operation, and
shall not be so construed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
Mr. LANE. I shall ask for another vote
on the amendment voted down in Committee
of the Whole in reference to the rank of these
volunteer officers. I am satisfied the Senate
are doing an unjust thing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
not in the power of the Senator, it not having
been adopted in Committee of the Whole. The
Senator can move it again.
Mr. WILSON. You had better not press
that now.
Mr. LANE. I will withdraw it if the Chair-
man says so, but I am satisfied it is an unjust
thing to the volunteer service.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
does not suggest that it be withdrawn, but that
it is not before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Indiana if the effect of
the amendment which was disagreed to in
Committee of the Whole is simply to put the
volunteer officer on the same footing as the
regular Army officer ? Is that all that it amounts
to ? I do not know that I understand it.
Mr. LANE. No; it amounts to a little more
than that. A volunteer officer who has been
a brigadier or a major general goes into the
regular Army as a captain ; we give him rank
according to the highest commission he held in
the volunteer service, which I think is perfectly
right and proper. At the beginning of this re-
bellion we had a small regular Army scattered
to the four winds of heaven by a traitorous Cab-
inet. We did not rely upon that Army. We
called two million volunteers into the service;
and I propose now that volunteer officers who
fought through the whole war, and by their
distinguished merit and gallantry achieved
high commands, when they go into the regu-
lar Army shall not be ranked by a graduate
of West Point, who graduated it may be yes-
terday, and entered the regular Army. That
is all I propose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Indiana what is the posi-
tion of the regular Army officer. Suppose
that a captain in the regular Army was made a
major general or a brigadier general in the
volunteer service, and now he is a major in
the regular Army; what rank does he get in
the regular Army in consequence of having
been a brigadier general in the volunteers?
Mr. LANE. He, as I understand, gets the
highest brevet rank conferred upon him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The highest brevet rank
conferred upon him in the volunteer service?
Mr. LANE. That is my understanding.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then if he does it is
manifestly just that the volunteer should have
the same thing.
Mr. WILSON. I am sorry to say that there
is a mistake in that statement. As I under-
stand it it stands in this way: take a major in
the regular Army who has been a major general
of volunteers; he is still a major in the reg-
ular Army. What he has gained as a volun-
teer officer goes for nothing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does not the brevet he
has got in the volunteer service count ?
Mr. WILSON. Itdoesnot. A volunteer bre-
vet does not count in the regular Army. Volun-
teer service does not count at all, whether it be
by a regular officer or a volunteer officer going
into the regular Army. This proposition was
intended to do something for the men, whether
they were of the regular Army or volunteers,
who had won brevets or regular promotion in
the volunteer service. Many officers of the
Army, lieutenant colonels, majors, and cap-
tains, have been brigadier and major generals
in the volunteer forces. They go back to their
commands, and all their great reputation, all
their services, count for nothing. If a man has
been in the volunteer service and commanded
a corps in the war, and goes into the regular
Army, all his services count for nothing, and
he is outranked by an officer of the regular
Army who has remained there and done noth-
ing throughout the war. Take a captain in one
of these new regiments who has been a first
lieutenant for the last three or four years; he
is made a captain in one of these new regi-
ments. You take another officer who has been
a major general, whether he is a regular officer
or a volunteer, and you make him a captain ;
say he was a lieutenant in the regular Army;
he goes into the volunteers, becomes distin-
guished, connects his name with the history
of the country. If he goes as a captain into
one of these regiments he is outranked by the
lieutenant of the regular Army; all his services
count for nothing. That is the way the matter
stands to-day. It was intended to correct this
injustice, and give the men who have won po-
sitions in the volunteer service of the country
brevet rank in the regular Army, which would
make them outrank these other officers.
Mr. BROWN. I suggest whether the diffi-
culty is not of a somewhat different character
from that which has been suggested. If I un-
derstand it correctly, officers in the regular
Army have been breveted for their services,
and they take rank accordingly. Now, the
trouble is that there is no authority by which
the War Department can brevet those who
have been appointed from the volunteer forces
for their services heretofore in the volunteer
service. They cannot give them brevet rank
on the strength of their service in the volun-
teer forces. I think it probable the difficulty
would be obviated if authority were given to
the Secretary of War, or the President, to
confer brevet rank on those who have been
appointed in the regular Army for their past
services in the volunteer service. I do not
believe we can get at it in any other way.
Mr. LANE. The question asked me by the
Senator from Illinois was, Whether the reg-
ular Army officers who held their commissions
in the volunteer service were breveted and
held a gjade according to their highest com-
mission ; and he said if that were true the
same rule ought to be applied to volunteer
officers. That is not so, as has been stated;
but the truth is, that the subalterns in the
regular Army have been breveted again and
again until they outrank the appointments from
the volunteer forces, and no brevet is allowed
to volunteer officers on account of their ser-
vices in the volunteer army. That is the in-
justice of it as it seems to me. >
Mr. CONNESS. As I understand this prop-
osition, its difficulty consists in this: that it
gives indiscriminate brevets by an act of Con-
gress, according to the commission that may
have been issued to officers by the Governors
of States. The conferring of a brevet upon
the record of an officer, whether he be a vol-
unteer or a regular, is an honor due when
earned; but in this case, if you confer brevets
upon volunteers by an act of this kind, which
shall apply according to the commission held
by the officer, you will be conferring brevets,
in all probability,'upon men who received in
the early stages of the war high commissions,
and who, in many instances, led our men to
slaughter and not to victory. If you desire
to advance by brevet rank meritorious volun-
teer officers, make a provision by which it may
be done upon the record of each officer; but
do not do it indiscriminately, so that those who
are deserving and those who are undeserving
will receive the honor alike.
Mr. NESMITH. If it is in order I should
like to offer this amendment to the first section:
And the President is hereby authorized to confer
brevet rank on officersof the regular Army who have
served in the volunteers.
Several Senators. That is right.
Mr. NESMITH. My objection to the prop-
osition in the amendment reported is—and the
question will arise—whether by this act these
officers can actually take the brevet rank with-
out their being nominated by the President
and confirmed by the Senate. I do not think
they can. I think it is necessary that they
should be nominated and confirmed under the
present existing laws. I think the amendment
which Ipropose will obviate the difficulty.
Mr. WILSON. Do you make that motion?
Mr. NESMITH. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the Senate
ought to give some attention to this second
section.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us dispose of the other
question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is perfectly impossi-
ble to understand this second section, and I
will ask the attention of the chairman of the
committee to it. It reads:
That in all matters relating to pay, allowance
