898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31
1
I do it as an offset to the charge made against
the civil service. If anything can be found in
the conduct of the civil authority half as bad
as this, I will vote for the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. II1GBY. I have the best authority for
stating that before I left San Francisco in
the fall of 1865 a lieutenant in command of
a squad of men then,in the service of the Uni-
ted States in Nevada came across the dead
body of a squaw who had upon her breast a
living infant, and the lieutenant ordered one
of his men to take that child and throw it over
a precipice and throw stones upon it so as to
destroy it. I have the best authority for making
that statement.
Mr. WINDOM. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Kasson] referred to the events which
occurred near Fort Laramie. I desire at this
time to call the attention of the House to some
other facts in connection with that post.
" Poet Laramie, D. T., December 26,1868.
" Christmas is come and gone, and we are heartily
glad of it. Never darmg our course of human events
have wo been blessed with the liberty of viewing so
much obscenity, debauchery, and drunkenness. The
wholegarrison was on a 4 bust.' With one or two ex-
ceptions, every officer, non-commissioned officer, and
private were more or less under the influence of liquor
yesterday. The scene beggars description, a*vd even
•1id it admit of minute record pen and ink would riso
in revolt at such atrociousapplieation. Last evening
the officers resolved to celebrate the, event of it being
Christinas night, and right merrydid they do it, too;
in a measure equaling, or rather reenacting the day's
glories, and the night was made hideous by many a
jest and song of an intoxicated officer and soldier.
Fighting was the order of theday, and theunemployed
bullies were in all their glory. Aiallhoursof thoday
we might see some disgraceful brawl going on—no
effort on the part of the proper authority to restrain
them. In fact, but a reenaction of the NewYorkriot
of 1,863 on a small scale, and the fact of there being
many of that honorable fraternity present (still un-
hung) rendered the simile semi-perfect.
"And yet, while all this was transpiring, we bear the
rumor—which we dare not doubt—of a bloody and
sanguinary fray at Reno, resulting in the loss of life
of many of our comrades and soldiers. The rumors
are conflicting, yet at least fifty men are the victims
of the Indian massacre. Yet later reports even ex-
ceed this. So soon as full particulars are received I
will transmit them to you."
Here, in this far off Indian country, was a
garrison sent out to keep peace between fehe
whites and Indians, and while they are on a
drunken frolic fifty white men are massacred
within a short distance of them. Oh, how rap-
idly all evils and abuses would disappear if the
entire Indian system could only be placed under
the control of such men! Sir, 1 do not doubt that
there are many good men among these officers.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] asks
whether there was an Indian agent there. There
is, I believe, no Indian agent at Fort Laramie.
It is one of those places where the gentleman's
system is carried out to perfection; there is
no Indian agent there to interfere with the
operations of the military in any way. There
was no conflict of authority either arising out
of the presence of an Indian agent at Sand
Creek, where Colonel Cbivington murdered
over one hundred and eighty peaceable In-
dians, men, women, and children. There
would be no conflict of authority at any point
where there i«* an Indian agency if the military
authorities did not always interfere in what is
not their business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to ask the gentle-
man how it is that he can claim that the carry-
ing on of wars against the Indians, cruelly or
otherwise, affects the question of the administra-
tion of the Indian department? Does the
gentleman propose that under his system no
troops shall be kept there, and that if there is
trouble with the Indians that no troops shall
be employed to suppress it.
Mr. WINDOM. It has a great deal to do
with it in this connection, to show how the
War Department treats the Indians when left
unobstructed by Indian agents.
But, sir, I am aware that I labor under great
disadvantage in presenting this bill for the
reason that there exists a strong prejudice
against the Indian department, and I know
that it is not wholly unfounded. Gentlemen
believe that any change would be for the bet-
ter, a*d jump at th# conclusion the oae pro-
posed by the amendment will accomplish the
desired object. 1 am very sure they are mis-
taken, and that if the amendment shall become
a law it will not only cost the Treasury untold
millions but will produce consequences at
which humanity will blush.
Now, I ask members of the House to pause
and consider well this question before they
make so radical a change as is proposed.
There will be time enough to adopt this
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] when his committee is called for
reports. Have I not shown facts enough con-
cerning the treatment of the Indians by the mili-
tary authorities to justify me in saying that
even if a transfer should be made there will be
quite as great necessity as now for a super-
visory board, such as proposed by the bill '?
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
proposes to strike out all after the enacting
clause of the bill, which is simply to transfer
this bureau to the War Department without
providing for any supervisory authority. The
system proposed by the Committee on Indian
Affairs, as I stated the other day, will cost the
Government some forty thousand dollars per
annum for the salaries of the members of the
boards of inspection. I have attempted to
show you something of the expense of Indian
wars. Now, if by sending out these boards we
can prevent one war in a half a century it will
result in a vast saving to the Government. Is
it not at least worthy of a trial?
f now ask that a vote be taken upon the bill
and pending amendments.
The first question was upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Donnelly to the original bill,
to add to section three the following:
And in ease of the suspension of any Indian agent
the duties of his office until the confirmation or re-
jection of his successor by the Senate shall be per-
formed by the assistant agentorin case there shall
be no such assi&tant agent then by the chief clerk of
such agent; and it shall be the duty of the President
to transmit to the Senate with the nomination of his
successor a statement of the causcs of such suspen-
sion.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next question was upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Chaxler to the original bill, to
add the following section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the rights,
privileges, and franchises conveyed to the black men
within the States and Territories of the United States
by established law thereof, be, and are hereby,given
and secured to all the Indians having the protection
of this Government under existing laws; and that all
laws or parts of laws inconsistent with this section
be, and ure hereby, repealed. *
The amendment was disagreed to.
The next question was upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Sciiekck, to strike out all after
the enacting clause of the bill reported from
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and insert in
lieu thereof the following:
That from and after the 1st day of July, 1867, the
Secretary of War shall exercise the supervisory and
appellate powers, and possess the jurisdiction now
cxcrcised and possessed by the Secretary of the In-
terior in relation to all the acts of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, and shall sign all requisitions for
the advance or payment of money out of the Treasury
on estimates or accounts, subject to the same adjust-
ment or control now exercised on similar estimates
or accounts by the Auditors and Comptrollers of the
Treasury, or either of them.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the Secretary
of War shall be authorized, whenever in his opinion
it shall promote the economy and efficiency of the
Indian service, to establish convenient departments
and districts for the proper administration of the
duties now imposed by law on the superintendents
of Indian affairs and upon agents and sub-agents,
and to substitute for such superintendents and agents
officers of the Army of the United States, who shall
be designated lor that purpose, and who shall then
become charged with all the duties now imposed by
law upon the superintendents and agents thus super-
seded, and without additional compensation there-
for. The Secretary of War shall also detail an officer,
not below the rank of brigadier general, to fill the
office and discharge the duties of Commissioner of
Indian Affairs. Officers of the Army designated to
peribim the duties of Commissioner, superintendent,
agent, or sub-agent shall not be required to give the
bonds now required of civil appointees, but shall be
responsible for any neglect or maladministration
according to the Rules and Articles of War.
Sec. ?>, And he it further enacted, That all contracts
for transportation connected with the Indian service
shall hereafter be made in the same manner and at
the same timeprovided for transportation for the use
of the Army.
Sse. 4. And ht it farther enuettd, That the £e#retary
of War shall be authorized to withhold all special
licenses from traders, and, under regulations to bo by
him prescribed, to provide the times and places at
which all traders complying therewith may present
themselves for bargain, barter, and exchange with
the several Indian tribes, according to the laws of
the United States regulating the same.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all laws and
parts of laws inconsistent with the provisions of this
act are hereby repealed.
Mr. SCHENCK. Upon that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 76, nays 78, not voting
42; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Delos R. Ashley,
Baxter, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Blow,
Boutwell, Bromwell, Bundy, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Conkling, Cullom, Barling, Dawes, Demins, Driggs,
Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Garfield, Grinnell, Gris-
wold, Halo, Ilart, Hayes, Hill, Holmes, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, John H. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell,
Hunter, Kasson, Kctcham, Kotfntz, Kuykendall,
Laflin, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Loan, Longycar, Marston, Maynard, McRuer, Mer-
cur, Moornead, Morrill, Moulton, O'Neill, Orth,
Pike, Pomeroy, William H. Randall. Raymond. Rol-
lins, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shellabarger, Sloan,
Stevens, Stokes, Nelson Taylor, Trowbridge, Upson,
Burt Van Horn, Henry D. Washburn, Welker, Went-
worth, Williams, James F. Wilson, and Wright—76.
NAYS — Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson, Baker,
Baldwin, Bcaman, Bergen, Boyer, Broomall, Camp-
bell, Reader W. Clarke, Cook, Cooper, Davis, Daw-
son, Denison, Dodge, Donnelly, Eggleston, Ferry,
Finek, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Aaron Harding, Ab-
ner C. Harding, Harris, Hawkins, Henderson, Higby,
Hisc, Hogan, Chester D.Hubbard, Humphrey,Inger-*
soli. Jenckes, Julian, Kelley, Kelso, Le Blond, Left-
wich, Marshal], Marvin, McClurg, McCullough,
Mclndoe, Myers, Newell, Niblack, Nicholson. Noell,
Paine, Patterson, Perham, Plants, Price, John H.
Rice, Ritter, Ross, Shanklin, Spalding, Taber, Na-
thaniel G. Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, Van Aernam,
Robert T. Van Horn, Andrew II. Ward, Warner,
William B. Washburn, Whaley, Windom, Winfield,
and Woodbridge—73.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, James M. Ashley,
Banks, Barker, Brandegee, Buckland, Chanler, Cul-
ver, Defrces, Delano, Dixon, Dumont, Eldridge, Far-
quhar, Asahel W. Hubbard, Dcmas Hubbard, James
R. Hubbell, Hulburd, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Latham,
Lynch, McKee, Miller, Morris, Phelps, Radford,
Samuel J. Randall, Alexander H.Rice, Rogers. Rous-
seau, Sitgreaves, Starr, Stilwell, Strouse, Thayer,
Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Hamilton Ward,
Elihu B. Washburne, and Stephen F. Wilson—-42.
So Mr. Schenck's amendment was adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
On the question, Shall the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table? there were—ayes 74,
noes 68.
Mr. WINDOM. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it w'&s decided
in the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 70, not voting
44; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Delos R. Ashley,
Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Bid well, Bingham, Blaine,
Blow, Boutwell, Bromwell, Bundy.Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Conkling, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Deming,
Driggs, Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Garfield, Griswold,
Hale, Hart, Hayes, Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Hotehkiss,
John H. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Kasson, Koontz,
Kuykendall, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Marston, Maynard, Mc-
Kee, McRuer, Mercur, Moorhead, Morrill, Moulton,
O'Neill, Orth, Pike, Pomeroy, William H. Randall,
Raymond, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield,Shella-
barger,Sloan, Stevens, Stokes, Nelson Taylor, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Henry D.Washburn,
W elker, Wentworth, Williams, James F, Wilson, Ste-
phen F. Wilson, and Wright—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Anderson, Baker, Baldwin,
Beaman. Bergen, Boyer, Bioomall, Buckland, Camp-
bell, Reader W. Clarke,Cook,Cooper, Dawson,Deni-
son, Dodge, Donnelly, Eggleston, Finck, Glossbren-
ner, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Harding, Harris, Haw-
kins, Henderson, Higby, Hise, Hogan, Chester D.
Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Kelley, Kerr, Le Blond, Leftwich, Marshall, Marvin,
McCiurg, MeCullough, Mclndoe, Niblack, Nicholson,
Noell, Patterson, Porham, Phelps, Plants, Price, Sam-
uel J. Randall,John H.Rice, Ritter, Ross,Shanklin,
Spalding, Strouse, Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Fran-
cis Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Van-Aernam, Rob-
ert T. Van Horn, Andrew H. Ward, Warner, Whaley,
Windom, Winfield, andWoodbridge—70.
NOT VOTIING—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, James M.
Ashley, Banks, Brandegee, Chanler, Cullom, Culver,
Defrees, Dixon, Dumont, Eldridge, Farquhar, Ferry,
Goodyear, Grinnell, Asahel W. Hubbard, Dcmas
Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd, Johnson,
Jones, Julian, Kelso, Ketcham, Latham, Lynch,
Miller, Morris, Myers, Newell,Paine, Radford, Alex-
ander H. Rice, Rogers, Rousseau, Sitgreaves, Starr,
Stilwell, Thayer, John L. Thomas, Hamilton Ward,
Elihu B. Washburne. and William B. Washburn—44.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
