134
THE CONGRESSIONAL "GLOBE
December 14,
thereon containing said sealed package, was
sank and lost in the sea on the 25th of October,
1865, afc a point about one hundred and forty
miles eastof Savannah, Georgia, ahdno part of
the mail onboard was saved or recovered; and
then the joint resolution authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay said Ober, Nanson
& Co., or their assigns or legal representa-
tives, the amount or said notes supposed to
be lost as aforesaid, with the interest thereon
to the time of their maturity, at any time within
six months after the maturity thereof; provided,
that there- shall not appear before srieh pay-
ment evidence satisfactory to the Secretary
of the Treasury that said notes have not been
lost and destroyed; provided,, further,' that
the Secretary of the Treasury may require of
said Ober, Nanson & Co., their assigns or
legal representatives, to execute and deliver
such bond of indemnity with adequate sureties
as he may deem necessary before such pay-
ment is made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should
like to have my friend make some explanation
in regard to the matter. I think it comes within
the principle uniformly objected to.
Mr. DELANO. Ober, Nanson & Co. are
merchants under that firm name in New York,
and under the firm of Ober, Atwater & Co. in
New Orleans. In October, 1865, the New
York firm transmitted by mail to the New
Orleans firm $50,000 in seven-thirty notes. A
list of them was made by numbers and marks,
and they were placed in the Post Office. A
receipt was given for them and they were put on
board of a vessel carryingthe mail between New
York and New Orleans. That vessel was lost
at sea. The mail was lost and no part of it
has ever been recovered. Proof of all these
facts is clear and irrefragible. There is no
doubt about it. The committee have been
very careful in examining the matter.
Mr. THAYER. Was there any insurance?
Mr. DELANO. No, sir; there was a mis-
take made as to the name of the vessel which
carried the mail, and so the insurance failed.
These notes, as I have said, all mature in the
year 1868. The resolution that we have offered
for the relief of these parties is simply an
expression of the legislative department of the
Government of the right of the Secretary of
the Treasury, not, I want it understood, to
duplicate this evidence of indebtedness, but to
pay for these lost notes six months after their
maturity and not before, and then only upon
taking such security as the Secretary of the
Treasury may deem necessary, if any.
The Secretary of the Treasury and the Comp-
troller are both of opinion that they have now
by law authority to pay the indebtedness of
the Government, and to pay these notes after
matux-it.y, provided they can be proven, as they
have been here, to be lost. But the reason for
this bill is this: this house is not one of very
large means, and stripping it of this amount
of its capital is a great embarrassment to it.
Relying upon the naked authority of the offi-
cers of the Government to pay them when the
notes become due, the hause is unable to raise
any means upon the credit of these papers.
Now, all that is proposed by this joint reso-
lution is simply that these notes may be
paid six months after their maturity. It is
supposed that this distinct authority will fur-
nish some relief to these sufferers in the way
of obtaining credit ad interim.
I have thus stated frankly and folly to the
House the facts in the case and the reason for
the introduction of this joint resolution. I will
move to amend it by striking out the word
"may" inline eleven and inserting "shall,"
so that it will read, " that the Secretary of the
Treasury shall require of said Ober, Nanson &
Co., their assigns or legal representatives, to
execute and deliver such bond of indemnity,"
&c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is with
great diffidence that 1 suggest any opposition
to any matter that goes through au investiga-
tions, by my distinguished friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Delano.] I know his great care and
diligence in these matters, but I must confess
that I am not clear as to the adoption of the
principle involved in this joint resolution. It
seems to me it involves this: that the Gov-
ernment becomes liable to and must pay every
dollar of money that shall be lost through the
mail—every five or one dollar greenback—if
the parties come here and make evidence that
it is lost.
Now, I can never forget a matter which came
before us very much like the present one,
when it was alleged that certain bonds—I think
they were Oregon war bonds—were lost on
board a mail steamship from San Francisco.
Evidence was taken, and it was shown most con-
clusively to the House that a large amount of
these bonds were utterly destroyed. I resisted
the passage of that bill, but the House saw
fit to pass it. The bill passed the Senate and
became a law, but a few days afterward the
Secretary of the Treasury wrote to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
asking him to have that law immediately
repealed, those very bonds, whose loss had been
proved by evidence piled mountain high, hav-
ing been presented to the Treasury for redemp-
tion.
Now, we cannot legislate too cautiously in
regard to all these matters, and I think if we
undertake to adopt this principle we shall
wade very deeply into the Treasury, and I do
not know where we shall land. The insurance
companies are open to all of these men, and
they could have got this money insured if
they saw fit.
But it may be said that the Government is
not protected even in that respect, for I am told
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania—and it
must have been when I was not present, for I
do not recollect it—that the House went to the
extraordinary length of passing a bill of insur-
ance. It seems to me that we are very far at
sea, and I do uot know where we shall land. I
submit the matter to the House whether they
are prepared to adopt this principle at the
present time. .
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, I have very
much respect for the opinion of the gentleman
from Illinois upon this subject and all kindred
subjects, but I would like to suggest to him, for
his consideration, that we are making a differ-
ent rule as between the Government and indi-
viduals than that which obtains between indi-
viduals themselves. It is the rule of law in all
the States that when the possessor of a note
can prove the loss of a note he can recover the
amount of it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is that so
as to bank notes, that banks pay for such losses?
Never.
Mr. SPALDING. I am inclined to think
that a bank would be compelled to pay for
the loss, if the loss of the bank notes could be
proved satisfactorily. I have no doubt upon
that subject as a lawyer. If these notes have
been actually lost, the Government loses noth-
ing by paying this amount to these unfortunate
persons who have sustained this loss. I would
go with my friend from Illinois in demanding
the greatest amount of testimony to assure us
that the loss has been bona fide incurred. So
far I would go, bat not further.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Would it
not be well to ISt the case go to the Court of
Claims?
Mr. SPALDING. I have no particular
objection to that.
Mr. PRICE. I wish to call the attention
of the House to one or two items which have
not been noticed in this discussion. So far as
this bill is concerned it only sets forth that this
package has been lost and that the postmaster
gave a Receipt for the package. These men
allege that there was 860,000 in compound-
interest notes in the package. Now, the House
will remember very distinctly the case to which
attention has been called by the gentleman from
Illinois where it was certified conclusively, by
all the evidence necessary, and by some that was
almost unnecessary, that certain bonds had
gone down beyond hope of recovery in the
Golden Gate, and the House passed, a bill to
reimburse the owners of those bonds, when it
subsequently turned out that the bonds had not
so gone down in the Golden Gate. I wish the,
House to pay particular attention to this fact;
these notes are legal tender in the hands of
the holders, they may be in the hands of fifty
or a hundred parties, and when they are pre-
sented at the Treasury for payment they must
be paid.
Now, I suggest to gentlemen that we will
have established a precedent, if we pass this
bill, by which we will open a door against
which I know of no safeguard that can be
raised. Every man throughout all this coun-
try, for the present and the future, as long as
it remains the law of the land, can sue and
recover against the Government for every
greenback, every legal-tender note placed in
the mail, every five or ten dollar bill sent by
mail to any part of the country, if it shall be
lost during the ft-ansmission; and all that the
party will be required to establish will be that
on a certain day he placed a package in the
hands of a postmaster, taking his receipt
therefor, in which package he alleges he placed
a legal-tender or other note of the Govern-
ment. If the Government is bound to pay
$60,000, with the accrued interest thereon,
upon such evidence as is presented in this case,
then it must pay for every five or ten dollar
note under like circumstances. I hope the
House will consider well before it passes such
a law as this.
Mr. HOGAN. Mr. Speaker, this is rather a
peculiar case. I know very well the gentlemen
who have sustained this loss. And in reference
to this case, I am informed that these are the
facts: these gentlemen proposed to send by
mail this large amount of money, and took the
precaution to go to the post office in New York
city for the purpose of ascertaining the vessel
by which the Government proposed to send
that day the mail to New Orleans. These par-
ties then deposited the package containing this
money in the post office, taking the receipt of
the postmaster therefor, and then obtained an
insurance upon it by the vessel named to them.
Had the Government sent the mail by that ves-
sel then these parties would have had recourse
upon the insurance company. But after giv-
ing this information to the parties owning this
money, the Government post office authorities
in New York sent the mail by another vessel.
These parties had no information of the change;
they had no idea that there was to be such a
change. After they had paid the insurance upon
the vessel by which they were informed the mail
was to be sent the authorities sent it by another
vessel, and that vessel was lost. Now these
men have no recourse upon anybody, chiefly
through the wrong information imparted to them
by the post offiec authorities in New York.
Their only recourse is to come here to Con-
gress for relief. The vessel by which this
money was sent is lost, and lost with every-
thing on board of it. The mail sent on board
of that vessel is lost, being sent by that vessel
without notification to these parties, after they
had been informed that the mail in which they
had placed this money would be sent by an-
other vessel. Now, I know these gentlemen
very well; they are high-minded,, honorable
merchants.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, (in his
seat.) That has nothing to do with the prin-
ciple involved in this ease.
Mr. HOGAN. These parties would not pre-
sent an erroueous or unfounded claim here.
They did everything in their power to ascertain
the vessel by which the mail would be sent,
and obtained an insurance upon the money in
that vessel. As the money was sent, by another
vessel the insurers were entirely relieved from
responsibility in consequence of the change.
I hope, as this question has undergone a very
thorough examination by the Committee of
Claims, that this House will sustain the recom-
mendation of that committee.
Mr. SLOAN. Will the gentleman front
