1BB6.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
Ohio [Mr. Det.ano] yield to toe for a few
moments ?
Mr. DELANO. Certainly.
Mr. SLOAN. While I agree that the House
should exercise great care m passing bills of
this character, yet I believe some definite rule
ought to be establishedupon which the House
will act. Now, obligations issued by the Gov-
ernment are not the debt itself, but, like the
obligations of private individuals, only the evi-
dence of indebtedness. The destruction of the
evidences of "the indebtedness docs not oblit-
erate-the debt itself. And it is a well-known
principle of law that if the obligation of a pri-
vate individual is lost an action can be com-
menced upon the indebtedness as though the
obligation had not been lost; and upon suffi-
cient proof of its loss, and indemnity and secur-
ity given, the person who held the evidence of
indebtedness can recover the debt. It seems
to riie that the same rule ought to be applied in
respect to the loss of obligations or evidences
of indebtedness on the part of the Government.
Mr. PRICE. 1 would like to ask the gen-
tlemen from 'VVisconsm [Mr. Sloan] a ques-
tion.
Mr. SLOAN. Very well.
Mr. PRICE. The question I desire to ask
is this: will the courts give judgment for a
claim for a negotiable paper not yet due?
That is one question. Another is: will this
Government pay for a twenty or fifty dollar
greenback if there is one eighth or one quarter
of it torn off?
Mr. SLOAN. The court will not give judg-
ment until the obligation is due. Nor do we
propose to pay these obligations before they
shall have-become due. This bill simply pro-
vides for the reissue of the obligation and for
its payment after it shall have become due.
In this case the parties who allege that these
notes were lost come before the Committee
of Claims and present such evidence as would
establish in any court of justice the loss of the
notes. After they have done this they are
entitled to be paid when the notes become due,
provided they will comply with the condition
corresponding with that upon which in every
State, so far as I know, the courts compel the
payment of lost obligations; in other words,
by giving security that if the obligations should
be presented for payment the Government
shall not be the loser by paying them.
Now, conceding that the proof before the
Committee of Claims is such as would estab-
lish before any court of justice the loss of
these obligations, these claimants, on giving the
proper security, are entitled, in my judgment,
upon well-settled principles of law adminis-
tered in the courts of every State, to have this
relief; not to have payment before the obliga-
tions are due, as the gentleman from Iowa sug-
gests, but to have payment after the obligations
are due.
This bill provides that six months shall elapse
before payment is made, and that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall take ample security
before he makes any payment whatever. Under
a bill thus guarded it seems to me the national
Treasury is in no danger of suffering detriment,
and that the parties should be indemnified for
the loss of these evidences of debt.
Mr. DELANO (having obtained the floor)
said : I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Cobb.]
Mr. COBB. Mr. Speaker, I have not risen
to make a speech on this question, but only to
call the attention of my respected colleague
[Mr. Sloan] and other members of the House
to a precedent which was set in the Thirty-
Eighth Congress on a bill somewhat similar to
this. It was a claim presented to the House
by the distinguished gentleman from the fourth
district of Maryland [Mr. F. Thomas] for the
relief of a widow, the mother of a soldier of the
Union army, who with his earnings had pur-
chased one of the smaller bonds issued by the
Government, which bond was destroyed through
an accident, a pure accident, happening at (lie
time of the invasion of Maryland by the rebels.
That bill was for the purpose of indemnifying
that needy lady by the issue of a new bond.
There was no earthly doubt on the mind of a
single member of this House that the bond had
been destroyed by an accident, without any
faultor laches on the part of this poor widow ;
nevertheless, that House, composed in great
part of the members now present, decided by
a very large majority against allowing the
relief asked ; and if my recollection is not
entirely at fault my colleague, [Mr. Sloan,]
who has just addressed the House, voted with
me and with the majority against the allowance
of that claim.
We voted against and defeated that claim
not because we did not believe it just that that
poor widow should be paid, but because we
considered that the passage of such a bill would
set a dangerous precedent, of which crafty
men, the getters up of false and fraudulent
claims against the Government, of which, in
short, the "lobby" would not be slow to take
advantage, to the serious loss and detriment
of the tax-payers of the country. I think, sir,
that no member who at that time voted against
the claim of that poor widow can vote for this
claim to pay gentlemen whom I suppose to be
bankers, large moneyed men. Certainly not
without self-stultifieation can I vote for the
payment of any such claim.
Mr. HILL. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Delano] to yield to me for a few moments.
Mr. DELANO. I do so with pleasure.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I desire to know
what objection can possibly exist to referring
this, which seems to be a very important ques-
tion, to the Court of Claims. If that motion
will be in order I will move that the bill be so
referred. It seems to me that of alb. claims
that can come before this body this is pecu-
liarly one of that class which should be invest-
igated judicially. So far as I can learn from
the discussion here—and there seems to be
no report accompanying the bill—this package
may or may not have contained money accord-
ing to the correctness of the statements of the
parties who are the claimants before thisHouse.
So far as appears, it is their own assertion that
they put in the post office a package which they
say contained a certain amount of money or a
certain number of bonds. I desire to know
from the gentleman from Ohio whether I am
correct in that statement.
, Mr. DELANO. No, sir; the gentleman is
not correct.
Mr. HILL. I shall be glad to be set right
if I am in error.
Mr. DELANO. I will detain the House a
few moments in order that I may at least ena-
ble members to understand this question prop-
erly. I appreciate the cautious regard to the
interests of the Treasury which brings gentle-
men to their feet in opposition to this bill. I
am glad to observe this determination to pre-
vent the Government from being improperly
and unfairly dealt with in reference to this
subject, for it is an important one.
First, then, in reference to referring this
claim to the Court of Claims: the joint reso-
lution does not propose any payment until
these notes mature and until six months after
they mature. The Secretary of the Treasury
has the authority by general law to pay the
debts of the Government, and where those
evidences of indebtedness are lost and de-
stroyed, and the proof is satisfactory and the
debt is matured, he can pay it without any
legislation. Referring this to the Court of
Claims would be doing entirely a nugatory
act. The Court of Claims can do nothing on
the subject to relieve anybody.
Now, the simple question is whether it is
advisable for this House to pass this specific
authority to the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay these notes six months after they arc due,
and whether there are reasons in the case suffi-
cient to justify the specific? authority. But
before I come to that question I desire to ask
the reading of the evidence in the case.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Tbi' following is an analysis of tho evMeii> e: _
"'James W.Cole, notary public, 51 Wall street. New 'i
York, certifies, under his official seal, that on the 18th
of October, 1865, he placed in a parcel, sealed with his
official seal, $60,000 in fifty-dollar United States com-
pound-interest notes, all dated September \ 1865,
which was direeted to ' Ober, Atwater & Co., New
Orleans, Louisiana,' This certificate describes the
notes by letters and numbers corresponding with the
description in thepetition. Thepetition er*s affidavit,
sworn to before T. B. Stillman, notary public. New
York city, asserts that he is a member of the com-
mercial firm of Ober. Nanson & Co., of New York,
and of Ober, Atwater & Co., New Orleans; thaton the
18th day of October, 1865, tho New York desired to
remit to-the New Orleans house $60,000, to pay for
cotton purchased there: that he drew from the Na-
tional Bank of the Republic in New York city 360,(X)0
in compound-interest notes of the United States, each
dated September 1,1866, and eaehnote of the deuom-
ination of fifty dollars and of the numbers designated
in the certificate of James W. Hale, notary public;
that he caused said notes to be placed in a parcel by
said notary public, sealed with his official seal, which
was then directed to Ober, Atwater &Co„ New G>rr
leans, and was by him delivered at and deposited in
tho New York post office to be carried in the United
States mails to New Orleans; that the said pared
was duly registered at the post office; that tho said
mail containing said letter was dispatehed by the
steamer Republic, which was lost at sea October 25,
1865. The receipt attached to his affidavit is the ori-
ginal receipt of the New York postmaster for said
letter, and that the certificate thereto attached isthe
certificate of said postmaster as to the registry of said
letter, the dispatch of the mail containing said letter,
and the loss and non-delivery thereof.'
"The receipt referred to in the foregoing affidavit
is as follows: V
""No. 1889.—Registered letter.
"4 Post Office,
"' New York, October 18,1$65.
"•Received of Ober,Nanson & Co., a letter ad-
dressed to Ober, Atwater &Co., New Orleans, Louisi-
ana. (To which is printed the name of)
JAMES KELLEY, Postmaster.'
" The certificate referred to in Mr. Obers affidavit
is dated at the post office, New York, January U,
1866, signed by James Kelley, postmaster, and certi-
fies that a letter directed to Ober, Atwater & Co.,
New Orleans, Louisiana, was received in this office
October 18, 1865, from Messrs. Ober, Nanson & Co.,
was registered and dispatehed in the mail forwarded
the same day, per steamer Republic, which was lost
at sea, no part of the mail, so far as he knew, ever
having been recovered.
"Affidavits of E. Yonn§, master and commander
of the steamship Republic; of Sarsfield E.Young,
chief officer or mate, and of William H. O. Moor-
house, purser of the samo, taken before notaries
public, establish the following facts: that said vessel
sailed from New York for New Orleans on the 19th
of October, 1865, having on board the United States
mails; that on the 24th of October, 1865, during a
severo gale of wind, the vessel sprung a leak, which
continued t£ gain upon her until about four o'clock
p. m. of the day following, when she went down at a
point about one hundred and forty miles cast of
Savannah, Georgia, and nothing was saved on board
the ship except the lives of the passengers, who were
taken off in tho vessel's boats and upon a raft made
for that purpose; that the mails remained on board
the vessel locked up between decks against the bulk-
head of the ladies' cabin, and at the time the vessel
went down were lost with their contents in the sea.'
" The affidavitsof Walter Kelley and James Young,
ofthe city of New York, and clerks in the post office
having charge of registered letters, establish clearly
that said package directed to Ober, Atwater & Co.
was placed in the mail-bag for Now Orleans, which
was delivered on board tho steamer Republic.
"The committee are of opinion that the evidence
leaves no reasonable doubt in regard to the destruc-
tion of the notes described in the petition. As the
securities supposed to he destroyed are in the nature
of bank notes, having been issued for circulation,
the committeo unanimously agree that it would be
unwise and unsafe to order duplicates to be issued,
no matter how clear and conclusive the evidence of
destruction may bo."
Mr. DELANO. I want the House to under-
stand, whatever disposition they may make of
this case, these were compound-interest notes;
that they mature in 1808, and that we do not
propose to duplicate them, for I have_ refused,
and so has the committee,- to duplicate any
of that class of our securities. But we pro-
pose to give specific authority to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay these notes six
months after their maturity, if no future evi-
dence is shown that they exist, upon the ground
that they have been lost or destroyed. The
Secretary of the Treasury might pay them,
as I have said before, after they mature on
sufficient proof of loss or destruction without
this authority.
And that brings me to the point made in a
private inquiry by the gentleman from Illinois;
which I propose to answer to the House.
Mr. PllIUE. That was the question I was
about to ask, whether there is a regulation of
tho Treasury by which these notes would be
paid in a certain time after maturity.
Mr. DELANO. No, sir.
