1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
899
Mr. "VYINDOM. I move that the bill, as
amended, be laid on the table, and on that mo-
tion I demand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can call
the yeas and nays on ordering the bill to be
read the third time.
Mr. WINDOM. Very well; I withdraw the
motion to lay on the table.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
ordering the bill, as amended, to be read the
third time.
Mr. WINDOM. On that I call the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 52, not voting
48 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Aneona, Dclos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baxter, Benjamin, Bid-
well, Bingham, Blaine. Blow, Boutwell, Brorawell,
Broomall. Bundy, Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Conklins, Cook, Cullora, Darling, .Dawes, Daw-
son, Delano, Dealing, Drig^s, Eekley, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Garfield, Griswold, Halo, Hart, Hayes, Ilill,
Holmes, Hooper, Hotehkiss, John II. Hubbard, Ed-
win N. Hnbbell, Ingersoll. Julian, Kasson, Kelley,
Ketcham, Kuykendall, Laflin, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Loan. Longyear. Marston. Mny-
nard, MeKee, McRuer, Mercur, Moorhead, Morrill,
Moulton, O'Neill, Orth, Pike, Pomeroy, William II.
Randall, Raymond, Alexander II. Riee. Rollins, Saw-
yer, Sehenck, Scofield, Shellabargcr, Sloan, Spald-
ing, Starr, Stevens, Stokes, Nelson Taylor, Francis
Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Henry
I). Washburn, William li. Washburn, Welker, Wont-
worth, Williams, James P. Wilson, Stephen F. Wil-
son, and Wright—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson,Baker, Bearnan Bergen,
Buckland, Campbell, Cooper, Dodge. Donnelly, lig-
gleston, Finek, Glossbrenner, Aaron Harding, Abner
0. Harding, Harris, Henderson, lligby. Hise, Hogan,
ChestcrD. Hubbard, Hunter, J enekes. K err, Le Blond,
Leftwich, Marshall, MeClurg, Melndoo, Niblack,
Nicholson, Noell, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Phelps,
Plants, Price, Ritter, Ross, Shanklin, Strouse, Taber,
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, Van Aer-
nam, Robert T. Van Horn, Andrew II. Ward, War-
ner, Whaley, Windom, and Winfield—52.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Arnell, Baldwin,
Banks, Barker, Boyor, Brandcgee, Clianlcr, Culver,
Davis, Defrees, Denison, Di,\on, Duinnnt, Eldridgc,
Farqnhar, Ferry, Goodyear,Grinncll, Hawkins, Asa-
he! W.llubbard,Demas Hubbard, JamesR. llubbell,
llulburd, Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kelso, Koontz,
Latham, Lynch, Marvin, MeCullough, Miller, Morris,
Myers, Newell, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, John
II. Rice. Rogers, Rousseau, Sitgreaves, Stilwell.
Thayer, John L. Thomas, Hamilton Ward, Elihu B.
Washburno, and Woodridgc—18.
So the bill was ordered to a third reading.
The bill was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the o])era-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the title
so as to make it read "A bill to transfer the
Bureau of Indian Affairs to the War Depart-
ment;" and on that demand the previous
question.
Mr. WINDOM. I move to make it a bill to
massacre the Indians and deplete the Treasury.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment of Mr. Schenck
was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCIv moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIONIiD.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the commit-
tee had examined and found truly enrolled a
bill (H. II. No. 060) entitled " An act for the
relief of Captain James Starkey whereupon
the Speaker signed the same.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill and joint resolution of the follow-
ing titles, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested: -
An act (S. No. 32) to prevent the absence
of territorial officers from their official duties;
and
A joint resolution (S. E, No. 159) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to permit
the owners of the yacht Mayflower to change
the name of the same to that of Silvie.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed/without amendment an act
(II. R. No. 600) for the relief of Captain James
Starkey.
ORDER 01? BUSINESS.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to go to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I ask unanimous consent that
all prior orders be postponed to take up the
bill regulating the tenure of civil officers.
Mr. WRIGHT. I object.
EXEMPTION OV PROPERTY IN DISTRICT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House, as
the first, business upon his table, amendments
of the House to Senate bill No. 218, exempt-
ing property of debtors in the District of Co-
lumbia irom levy, attachment, sale, or execu-
tion, returned by the Senate, with concurrence
in the first and non-concurrence in the second
amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved the House recede
from its second amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
ILLEGAL TOTING IN TIIE DISTRICT.
On motion of Mr. INGERSOLL, by unani-
mous consent, the House took up Senate bill
No. 479, to punish illegal voting in the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time.
The first section of the bill provides that any
person not duly qualified to vote in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, who, knowing that he is not
so qualified, shall vote or offer to vote therein,
or who shall procure or attempt to procure
himself to be registered^hcrein as a voter, shall
be punished by imprisonment not exceeding
six months, and not loss than two months; and
the second section declares that if any person,
being a qualified voter in the District, should
knowingly vote or attempt to vote in any other
ward or election precinct than that in which
he shall be lawfully entitled to vote, or should
unlawfully and knowingly vote or attempt to
vote more than once, or in more than one ward
or election precinct, or should so vote double
therein, he should be punished by imprison-
ment not, exceeding six months and not less
than two months, and be disqualified from
voting thereafter in the District.
The third section provides that there shall
be five judges of elections within and for the
city of Washington, and three within and for
the city of Georgetown, the same to be ap-
pointed by the supreme court of the District
of Columbia, who shall hold their office for
two years and until their successors shall bo
appointed and qualified, and whose duty it
shall be, prior to each election, to prepare a
list of the persons qualified to vote in the sev-
eral wards of said cities in any election ; and
said judges shall be in open session in their
respective cities to receive evidence of the
qualification of persons claiming the right to
vote in any election therein, and for correct-
ing said lists, on two days, not exceeding five
days prior to each election for the choice of
city officers, giving prior notice of the time
and place of each session in some newspaper.
Section four declares that prior to said elec-
tion the said judges in the respective cities shall
post up a list of voters thus prepared in one
or more public places in said cities, and at
least ten days prior thereto ; and section five
further declares that all acts and parts of acts
inconsistent with the provisions of this act are
hereby repealed.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
On the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER 03? BUSINESS.
• Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. I move that the rules be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the fortification appro-
priation bill.
Mr. HALE. I hope the gentleman will ndt
insist upon that. There is a very important
bill lying on the Speaker's table which we
ought to reach and can reach by proceeding
with the order now.
Mr. STEVENS. I think yon cannot get
through that to-day, and I therefore insist on
my motion.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 38, noes
64.
BALTIMORE AND TOTOMAC RAILROAD.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the consideration of the amendments of
the Senate to House bill No. 388, to authorize
the extension, construction,' and use of a lat-
eral branch of the Baltimore and Potomac rail-
road into and within the District of Columbia.
The amendments of the Senate, which were
mostly of a verbal character, were concurred in.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATES COURTS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the consideration of the amendment of the
Senate to House bill No. C0|>, to amend an act
to establish the judicial courts of the United
States, approved September 24, 1789.
The amendment of the Senate was to insert
after the word "courts" the words "within
their respective jurisdictions."
Mr. COOK. I move that the House concur
in the amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT. I would ask whether any-
body in this House, when he gives his vote on
these amendments, knows what he is voting
upon? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Jersey is not in order. The question is on the
motion to concur.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COOK, moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUNISHMENT OK CRIMES.
The next business in order on the Speaker's
table was the consideration of the amendments
of the Senate to House bill No. 719, to punish
certain crimes in relation to the public secu-
rities and currency, and for other purposes.
The amendments were read, being in rela-
tion to the terms of imprisonment and the
amount of fines.
Mr. MAYN ARD. I would suggest whether
it would not be better to have these amend-
ments so read that the House may understand
the effect and purport of them.
The SPEAKER. They relate to the num-
ber of years of imprisonment for counterfeit-
ing, reducing it from fifteen years to ten.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not refer to any
particular one, but all of them.
The SPEAKER. They all relate to the
same subject.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not deem it
necessary to give any more extended explana-
tion of the amendments of the Senate than
that which the Chair lias already given. They
are mainly a reduction of the terms for which
the party may be imprisoned, and the amount
of fine that may be imposed.'
Mr. MAYNARD. May they not bo so read
with the context that we may see what the
words are ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will ask that tho
Clerk read the first amendment of tho Sen-
ate, in connection with the context of tho bill,
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I was de-
clared out of order only a few moments ago
for asking what we were voting upon. There
is now a bill before the House providing for
