1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1575
perhaps might not have had any surplus. The
Senator says glory does not amount to much.
1 think it does. We read that Garibaldi's vol-
unteers followed his tlag and fought through
the war in which they were engaged, and when
the time for their discharge came they would
not take any pay whatever; gave their time
and their services to their country.
Mr. POMEROY. That is very creditable,
and I do not wish to speak lightly of any mili-
tary glory; but glory is a great deal better
with a full stomach than it is with an empty
one.
Mr. WILSON. I agree to that, and I hope
we shall put the bill on its passage.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amend-
ed. and the amendment was concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed. and the bill to be read a third time.
The-bill was read the third time, and passed.
JOHN c. m'ferran.
Mr. LANE. I move to take up House bill
No. 474, which has been reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 474) for the relief of John C. McFer-
ran, of the United States Army, was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It is a
direction to the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury to credit John C. McFerran, of
the United States Army, with $1,265, being the
amount for which, as assistant commissary of
subsistence, he erroneously receipted to Fran-
cis F. Thomas, also an assistant commissary,
in excess of the amount of money actually paid
over to him by Thomas at Santa Fe, in New
Mexico, in November, 1850.
Mr. POMEROY. This seems to be an old
stager, a claim for something that occurred in
1850. I should like some explanation of it.
I can see how such a thing might happen dur-
ing a war when our armies were being moved
with great rapidity; but I do not see how it
could have happened in 1850, in a time of peace,
when everything was done with great delibera-
tion and care.
Mr. LANE. I think I can explain the case
in a few words: I do not wish to take up time.
Mr. McFerran was a lieutenant in the regular
Army, appointed a commissary of subsistence
to take charge of property in New Mexico.
There were certain packages of money marked
as containing certain amounts; and when the
property was turned over to him he receipted
for the packages according to the amount
marked on the outside. It turned out on
counting the packages—two witnesses swear
to the fact—that one of them was $51,265 short.
He made up the amount and paid it sixteen
years ago, and now he simply a^fcs that the'
amount shall be reimbursed to him without
interest. He is recommended by General
Canby and all the Army officers who have
served with him, and the committee thought
it perfectly fair to make this allowance. The
bill was passed by the House of Representa-
tives during the last session, and I tried to get
it up at the close of the session, but did not
succeed in the effort. I think there can be no
doubt as to the justice of the claim. There
was a court of inquiry called the next day
after the packages were counted, and the tes-
timony of the two clerks was taken. There is
no doubt there was either a miscount in the
Treasury Department here or unfaithfulness
on the part of the officer who had charge of
the funds before they came into Lieutenant
McFerran's hands.
Mr. POMEROY. I was about to inquire if
there was no remedy against the man from
whom he got the money.
Mr. LANE. The man from*vhom he received
the money is now out of the service, and Lieu-
tenant McFerran has no remedy unless we pay
the money.
Mr. POMEROY. Do yon allow him interest
for all this time ?
Mr. LANE. No interest at all.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed tor a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
PAY OF ARMY OFFICERS, ETC.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 592.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 592) to provide for a temporary increase
of the pay of officers in the Army of the United
States, and for other purposes, was read the
second time and considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
The first section provides that for two years
from July 1, 1867, all officers of the Army below
the rank of major general shall be paid an
addition of thirty-three and one third per cent,
to their present pay proper ; and that the pay
of all field and other mounted officers shall
hereafter be the same as is now provided by
law for cavalry officers of like grades.
The second section provides that section one
of the act to increase the pay of soldiers in
! the United States Army, and for other pur-
poses. approved June 20, 1864, shall be con-
tinued in full force and effect for three years
from and after the close of the rebellion, as
announced by the President of the United
States by proclamation dated August 20,1866.
By the third section, commutation of rations
will be allowed in the settlement of the accounts
of all enlisted men of the Army, Navy, and
Marine corps, who have died while held as
prisoners of war, or who, having been prisoners
of war, have died subsequent to release; this
i allowance to be made for the period covered
'< by such imprisonment.
i Section four repeals so much of section seven
of the act to increase and fix the military peace
establishment of the United States, approved
July 28, 186G, as provides for the creation of
fifteen bands for brigade or military posts; but
the band at the Military Academy is to remain
as now established by law.
• Section five repeals section one of the act
; providing for the better organization of the
; military establishment, approved August 3,
, 1861, authorizing the President to appoint an
' Assistant Secretary of War.
Section six amends so much of the act to
j increase and fix the military peace establish-
ment of the United States, approved July 28,
I860, as relates to the promotion of assistant
surgeons after three years' service, so as to
read "and persons who have served as sur-
geons or assistant surgeons three years in the
volunteer force shall be eligible for promotion
; to the grade of captain."
Section seven authorizes the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury charged with the settle-
ment of the accounts of paymasters and addi-
tional paymasters of the Army to place to the
credit of the paymasters or additional paymas-
ters all sums and amounts of money paid by
them in good faith to any officer, soldier, or
employ6 connected with the military service
of the United States during the late war; but
no credit or allowance is to be made for any
erroneous payments which shall prove to have
been made through negligence or carelessness,
or in violation of orders or regulations.
Section eight proposes to amend the act
more effectually to provide for the national
defense by establishing a uniform militia
throughout the United States, approved May
8, 1792, and the several acts amendatory
thereof, by striking out the word " white."
Section nine proposes to amend section
twelve of the act to increase and fix the mili-
tary peace establishment of the United States,
approved July 28, 1866, by striking out the
words "or until the Secretary of War shall
decide that their services can be dispensed
with," and to place the ten judge advocates,
whose selection and retention in office is thereby
authorized, on the same footing in all respects
as other officers of the Army of the United
States.
Section ten proposes to authorize the Secre-
tary of War to sell, upon such terms and con-
ditions as he shall prescribe, all the lands and
tenements, and the rights and privileges thereto
belonging, of the United States at and near
Harper's Ferry, West Virginia. In making
the sale the Secretary of War is to sell the whole
of the lands and tenements, rights and privi-
leges, together, or in parcels, as shall appear
to him most expedient; to execute and deliver
to the purchaser or purchasers a proper deed
or deeds therefor, and to receive and collect
the purchase money, which, when received,
he snail pay into the Treasury of the United
States.
Section eleven makes it the duty of the officers
of the Army and Navy, and of the Freedmen's
Bureau, to prohibit and prevent whipping or
maiming of the person, as a punishment for
any crime, misdemeanor, or offense, by any
pretended civil authority in any State lately in
rebellion, until the civil government of such
State shall have been restored, and shall have
been recognized by the Congress of the United
States.
Sections twelve and thirteen are aimed at
peonage in the Teiritory of New Mexico, or
in any other Territory or State of the United
States; and are in the same language as the
bill on that subject passed during the evening.
Section fourteen directs all militia forces now
organized or in service in Virginia, North Car-
olina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Ala-
bama, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas, to be
forthwith disarmed and disbanded, and to pro-
hibit the further organization, arming, or call-
ing into service of these militia forces, or any
part thereof, under any circumstances, until it
shall be authorized by Congress.
Mr. WILSON. I move to strike out sec-
tions twelve and thirteen. We have already
Eassed those provisions to-night in a separate
ill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move also to strike out
sections seven, nine, and ten. Since this bill
was prepared bills have come from the House
covering the same ground, and we have acted
on them this evening.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I moffl to amend the bill
by inserting after "general," in line five of
section one, the words "including the pro-
fessors at West Point."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend by insert-
ing between "or" and " who" in line four of,
section three, the words '' the legal represent-
atives of those ;" so as to read:
Or the legal representatives of those who having
been prisoners of war have died subsequent to re-
lease.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to add as a new
section:
And be it further enacted, That the medical store-
keepers of the Army shall hereafter have the rank,
pay, and emoluments of captains of infantry; and
the post chaplains now in service or hereafter to be
appointed shall be commissioned by the President;
anu all vacancies oecnrring in the grade of chaplain,
which is hereby established to rank nextafter major,
shall be filled by the President, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate; and all Army chap-
lains shall hereafter be on the same footing as to
tenure of office, retirement, allowances for service,
and pensions as now providod by law for other offi-
cers of the Army.
This puts the storekeepers of the medical
department, of whom there are I believe five,
who have vast responsibilities, on the same
footing with storekeepers of the commissary
and quartermaster's departments.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional seetion:
And be it further enacted. That section eight of the
act to continue in force and to amend an act to estab-
lish a Bureau for the Relief of Freedmen and Refu-
gees, and for other purposes, passed July 16,1866, be
amended so as to extend the time for the publiosale
of certain lands therein specified to the 1st day of
January, 1868: Provided, Tbat the farms numbered
twelve, thirteen, fourteen, sixteen, seventeen, twenty-
three, twenty-five, twenty-eight, and thirty-one may
be sold at private sale at not less than five dollars
