1576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
per acre; and until such sales be effected the eaid
farms may be leased as heretofore, either for money
or on shares of thecrops: And provided further. That
the lots running down to the bed of Port Royal
river, or immediately facing thereon, shall not be
sold for loss than $100 per lot.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would ask the dis-
tinguished Senator if he expects to consider
this bill to-night and have that passed?
Mr. WILSON. I want to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I supposed this even-
ing was to be devoted to the consideration of
matters properly belonging to the Army. If
he wants to stop right here, he can offer such
amendments as this.
Mr. WILSON. I will withdraw the amend-
ment if the Senator objects to it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Of course we cannot
investigate a question of that sort now. I do
not understand it.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. NESMITH. I understood the amend-
ment which was adopted on the motion of the
Senator from Massachusetts to provide that
chaplains should rank next after majors. I
should like to know what their rank will be.
Mr. WILSON. By the existing law chap-
lain is made a rank in the volunteer service
next after major.
Mr. NESMITH. A captain is next to a
major.
Mr. WILSON. This puts Army chaplains
on the same footing as the chaplains in the
volunteer service.
Mr. NESMITH. Is itintended to create an
intervening rank between captain and major ?
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator thinks the
rank proposed is too high I have no objection
to putting it between captain and lieutenant.
Mr. NESMITH. I prefer simply to provide
that chaplains shall rank with captains.
Mr. WILSON. Very well, I have no objec-
tion. Chaplain is a rank now in the volunteer
service by law; but I am willing to take the
Senator's amendment.
Mr. NESMITH. I do not think it is neces-
sary to propose any amendment. I think the
law now establishes the rank of chaplains with
captains. I think the part of the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts which re-
lates to that matter should be struck out.
Mr. WILSON. Very well; let it be done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pom-
eroy.) That modification will be made, no
objection being interposed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the chairman
what is the meaning of the second section ?
From the reading of the section itself, without
turning to the statute referred to in it, it is
impossible to tell.
Mr. WILSON. During the war we fixed the
pay of the soldiers at sixteen dollars per month,
but that increase was to continue only till the
close of the rebellion. Last summer the Pres-
ident declared peace to exist, and we have been
paying the_ Army sixteen dollars per month
from that time to this without law. This pro-
poses to extend that law for three years, begin-
ning back at the period of the proclamation.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That statement is sat-
isfactory to me.
Mr. HARRIS. On the fourth line, first sec-
tion of the bill, I move to strike out the word
" seven" and insert the word "six so as to
read:
For two years from the 1st day of July, 1866.
In July last Congress passed a bill contain-
ing a provision reducing the price of rations
from fifty cents to thirty cents. In my judg-
ment (although I concurred in it at the time,
for f was upon the committee that reported the
bill) it was wrong, and has operated oppres-
sively upon the Army.
Mr. WILSON. Allow me to say to the Sen-
ator that we did not reduce the price of the
ration last summer. During the war we passed
an act, to end at the close of the war, making
the commutation price of the ration fifty cents
instead of thirty. If we had taken no action
it would have expired, and these men would
be getting thirty cents instead of fifty. But
last summer we extended that provision for
one year longer, and it expires on the 28th of
next July; so that now a large portion of the
officers of the Army—probably eight tenths
of them—receive commutation of rations at
! fifty cents. I will say to the Senator that we
intended to help the officers of the Army last
year, instead of hurting them ; and if we had
j not adopted any legislation they would not now
be getting fifty cents commutation of rations.
Mr. HARRIS. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts may be partially right in his state-
ment, but as I understand it still a large por-
tion of the Army from the time of the passage
of that law in July last have received commu-
tation of rations at thirty cents instead of fifty.
The effect of this has been very severe on
many officers. I suppose there is scarcely a
Senator who has not received letters from
officers complaining that the amount of their
pay was not equal to their expenses. Cer-
tainly I have received a great many. It has
operated very severely upon the Army—too
severely, and I think unjustly. It is proposed
by this first section of the bill to give them an
additional compensation of one third the
amount of their pay proper, which is very
small, for two years. I do not propose to in-
crease the amount of the allowance; I only
ask that it may be anticipated a little, so that
these officers may now be able to pay their
debts without waiting until next July before
they begin to receive this gratuity that the
Military Committee proposes to allow them.
I propose that their two years additional pay
allowed by the first section of this bill shall
begin last July instead of next July. It does
not add a cent to the expenses of the Govern-
ment, but it allows them to anticipate and be
able to pay off their debts now instead of wait-
ing and suffering with this incumbrance upon
them until this bill begins to operate. I sim-
ply ask thai it may be commenced last July
instead of next July.
Mr. _ WILSON. I have not the slightest
objection to that. The only objection that can
be made is that it will require the pay depart-
ment to open a large number of accounts and
involve a great deal of labor.
Mr. HARRIS. That cannot amount to
much.
Mr. WILSON. I make no objection to the
amendment.
Mr. NESMITH. I concur in the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from New York.
I believe this should be done, and I believe it
should have been done a year ago. The trou-
ble of adjusting the pay accounts amounts to
very little.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of
the chairman of the Military Committee why
in section four it is proposed to repeal the law
allowing bands at certain military establish-
ments of the United States. Unless the cost
is very large, I should like to see them con-
tinued.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
that the. effect of that section will be that, in-
stead of having fifteen bands, we shall have
regimental bands that will cost the Govern-
ment nothing, and will be of great service to
the military establishment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is satisfactory.
Mr. WILSON. The provision which is pro-
posed to be repealed was put into the Army
bill last year contrary to my wishes and con-
trary, I think, to the wishes of the Senate; but
we could not help ourselves. It was a great
mistake, and I want to correct it at the earliest
moment. The officers of the Army maintain
that a band has a most excellent influence in a
regiment or at a post, and it costs the Govern-
ment nothing to have it.
Mr. NESMITH. If these bands have the
excellent influence the Senator from Massa-
chusetts attributes to them, I think the Gov-
ernment ought to pay for them. As I under-
stand it, the officers support the bands.
Mr. WILSON. We simply propose in this
section to repeal the present law on this point
and leave the- matter as it was before that law
was passed. Officers of the Army are writing
continuously asking that this shall be so.
Mr. NESMITH. Very well, let it go.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to strike out
the eleventh section of the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that will not be done.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That section is in a
bill now pending before the Committee on the
Judiciary; and as the chairman of that com-
mittee is not here, I feel it to be my duty to
make this motion. That committee has con-
sidered that bill somewhat and given a good
deal of attention to the proper frame of a bill
on that subject. What the committee will
finally report of course it is impossible for me
to tell.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator will allow me
to say that I introduced the bill which was sent
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and that
committee reported it with amendments. The
chairman of that committee has tried two or
three times to get it tip, but he has not been
able to do so, and therefore I proposed to add
it to this bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not know that it
had been reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary. I knew that the committee had
considered it somewhat.
Mr. WILSON. It has been reported, and I
have put it in this bill in their language.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does the Senator say
he has adopted the language of the report of
the Committee on the Judiciary?
Mr. WILSON. I have taken the exact
language of the Committee on the Judiciary.
I have taken the bill precisely as it was re-
ported by that committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not know that the
Judiciary Committee had really come to a con-
clusion on the subject; but so far I have not
been able to see how we could control punish-
ments under State laws, as this section pro-
poses. Whipping is a most offensive mode of
punishment to my sensibilities ; but when it is
prescribed by State laws as a punishment for
offenses against the State laws, I cannot see
how Congress can control it, unless it be upon
the broad principle that the States are abol-
ished, and therefore it is proper to establish
here a system of government for the whole
country.
Mr. WILSON. I hope it will be allowed to
Mr. HENDRICKS. As this section does not
properly belong to the bill, and it is a subject
which ought to be discussed before the Senate,
I suggest to the Senator that he had better let
it go out of the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I would rather make a sure
thing of it, and therefore I put it in this bill;
but we may possibly be able to get through the
separate bill containing the same provision. I
will call that bill up in a few days, and I hope
the Senator from Indiana will not make any
fight on it. I will accommodate him on this
occasion, and, to save time, agree to have the
bill amended by striking out that section.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend the
bill by striking out the eleventh section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The last section of the
printed bill raises a very important subject. I
have heard no explanation of it at this session
from any quarter. I mean the clause which
abolishes ali militia organizations in the States
of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Missis-
sippi, and Texas. I should like to hear some
explanation before I feel justified in voting to
i! j- a".local P0l'ce or militia organization,
all discipline for the purpose of preserving
°™er in a large part of the country.
j r" J^kSON. This section of the bill pro-
vides that the militia organizations existing in
those States shall be disarmed and disbanded,
) that no further organizations of this class
shall be permitted till those States are repre-
