U8B&-.
HIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
at all with ray right to make the motion I have
indicated I will yield to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Delano.] -
The SPEAKER. The: gentleman 'can re-
serve his' right to make the motion after the
pending subject shall haye been: disposed of.
Mr. DELANO- I should be glad, with the
consent of the> House, to permit the gentle-
man from; Connecticut [Mr, Doming] to make
some remarks on this bill before I call the
previous question. J{ {feat .is objected to I
will call -the-previous question at once.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. _Dela.no] will be entitled to the floor to
close the debate after...the main question has
been ordered. The gentleman can then yield
a portion of his time to any member.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am. willing to yield
to have the previous question called; but I
mustrolygct to any further debate.'
Mr. DEMINGr. 1 did desire to make some
•remarks, but I will waive them.
Mr, DELANO, i now call the previous
question..
The previous question was seconded aad
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the joint resolution was read
a third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
joint resolution. . .
Mr. DELANO. I call the previous question
upon the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, I ask for
the yeas and nays.
. Tiie yeas and nays were ordered,
^...yhe^ucstio^ was taken; and. it was decided
in "the affirmative—yeas'76, nays#1?, not voting
4e; as follows:
. YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Baxter, Bichvell, iioyer, Buckland, Campbell,
Chanter, RoaderW. Clarke, Cooper, Defrees, Delano,
Denison, Dixon, Driggs, Eggleston, Eldridge, Finck,
Goodyear, Griswold, XIale, Aaron Harding, Harris,
Hayes, Henderson, Hogan, Demas Hubbard, Edwin
N. Hubbell, James R. Hubbell, Jenckes, Kelley,
Kerr, Kuykendall, Latham, Le Blond, -Leftwieh,
tviarshall, Marston, Marvin, McKee, McRuer, Mer-
eur. Miller, Moorhead, Newell, Niblack, Nicholson,
Noell, O'Neill, Perham, Phelps, Pome toy, Samuel
J. Randall, William H. Randall, Raymond, Ritter.
Rogers, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Spalding, Starr,
Stilwell, Strousc. Taber, Nelson Taylor, Thayer,
Francis Thomas, Thornton, Andrew H. War/1, Ham-
ilton Ward, Wainer, Welker, Williams, and Stephen
l'\ Wilson—76.
NA'iS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, James M.
Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Blow, Boutwell, Brande-
fffte, Brooma.ll, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cullom, Dawes,
Dawson, Deming. Donnelly, Eckley, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Garfield, Glossbrenner, Grinnell, Abner C.
Harding, Hawkins. Hill, Hise, Holmes, Hooper,
Hotehkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Hunter, Ingersoli, Julian, Kasson, Ketch-
am, Kooritz, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Loan, Maynard, Morrill, Morris, Moulton,
Orth, Paine, Patterson, Pike, Price, Rollins, Ross,
Sawyer, Schenek, Scofield, Stokes, Trowbridge, Up-
son, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn, Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn,
Wentworth, James F. Wilson, and Windom—67.
. NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Banks, Barker,
Beapian,Benjamin, Bergen,Bingham,Blaine, Brotn-
well, Bundy, Conkling, Cook, Culver, Darling, Da-
vis, Dodge, Dumont, Farquhar, Ferry, Hart, Higby,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Humphrey, Johnson, .Tones,
Kelso, Laflin, Longyear, Lynch, McClurg, McCul-
lough, Mclndoe, Myers, Plants, Radford. Alexander
It. Rice, John H. Rice, Rousseau, Shellabarger, Ste-
vens. Nathaniel G. Taylor, John L, Thomas, Trim-
ble, Henry D. Washburn, Whaley, Winfield, Wood-
bridge, and Wright—48.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
speaker's table.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I now renew my motion
to proceed to the consideration of business on
tho Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
deficiency appropriation bill.
The first business on the Speaker's table was
Senate amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 876)
making appropriations and to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1867, aud for other purposes.
The first amendment was read, as follows-:
On page'2 strike out lines fifteen and sixteen, its
follows;
£or facilitating communication between the Allan?
tic and Pacific Stat6s by electrical telegraph, $40,000.
The amendment was concurred in.' '
The next and last amendment of the Senate
was read as follows:
On page 2 strike out lines eighteen to twsnty-tiro,
inclusive, as follows:
For salaries of tea supervising and fifty-nine local
inspectors, appointed umler the act of August 30.
1802, for the better protection of the lives of passen-
gers by steam boat, with traveling and other exj>enso8
incurred by them, $7,000.
Mr. STEVENS. I will only state in refer-
ence to this amendment, that on looking over
the bill there appears to be some doubtwliether
we have not twice included this item. There-
fore the Committee on Appropriations, have
concluded to acquiesce in this amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider- the
vote by which the amendments were concurred
in; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tax on cigars.
The SPEAKER. The next business on the
Speaker's table is a joint resolution introduced
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vexs,] and lying upon the Speaker's table at
the close of last session. It is entitled a joist
resolution (H. B. No. 189) declaring the mean-
ing of a certain provision of the internal revenue
act relating to cigars.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
rides that such part of the internal revenue act
as refers to the tax or duty on cigars shall be
so construed that the ad valorem duty of twenty
per cent, shall be levied only on the excess of
value above twelve dollars per thousand.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, perhaps I
ought to say a single word on this subject. When
we passed the internal revenue act in this House
the tax on cigars was fixed, I believe, at four
<1 ollars per thousandnpon all cigars below twelve
dollars per thousand, and on those of higher
value the rate was to be, in addition to four
dollars, twenty per cent, upon the excess over
twelve dollars. That bill, after consideration
in the Senate, went to a committee of confer-
ence; aud when before the House, on the report
of that committee, I asked the gentleman who
made the report whether the provision in refer-
ence to cigars had been changed. He told me
explicitly that it had not been. The bill was not
read at all at that time, and hence there was
no opportunity to discover the mistake. It
turns out now that by the phraseology of the
act as passed, the additional tax on cigars val-
ued at over twelve dollars per thousand is fixed
attwentyper cent, upon the whole value, instead
of twenty per cent, upon the excess over twelve
dollars. Hence on cigars valued at thirteen or
fourteen dollars per thousand the tax is so large
that it is better for the manufacturer to sell them
at twelve Hollars. The object of this bill is to
correct the mistake, as it undoubtedly was, and
fix the tax at twenty per cent, on the excess
over twelve dollars per thousand, as originally
intended.
Mr. MORRILL. Does the gentleman* from
Pennsylvania propose that this bill shall be
acted on now ?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL. I suggest to the gentleman
the propriety of referring it to the Committee
of Ways and Means. That committee expect
at a very early day to report a bill in which
this subject will be appropriately embraced.
A matter of this kind affecting the revenue of
the Government should not be hastily acted
upon, but should receive examination at the
hands of a suitable committee. I move that
the bill be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and on that motion I call the
pre"ious question.
Mr. SGHENCK. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] to yield to me for a
few moments.
Mr. MORRILL, t will do so. • -
Mr, SCHENOK. Mr. Speaker, I hop« that
this Ml will not be referred. It is designed
to correct one of those manifest instances of
injustice which, it seems to me, need only t®
be mentioned to be corrected," .
The gentlemaa from Pennsylvania-has stated
the circumstances of the passage of the act
which embraced the error designeditg be cor-
rected by this bill: The afet, as passed'by-tha
House, levied a tax of four dollars per thou-
sand upon all cigars valued; at/prices tanging
from eight to twelve dollars pep thousand'; and
on all cigars valued at more than twelve dol-
lars there was to be imposed on the excess-an
additional tax of forty per cent, ad valorem. :
When the bill was brought back, fsom the
committee of conference it wasfottnd they
had redjjeed the forty per eeat. admalwem tax
to twenty, per cent. No one objected to that
because it did not disturb the principle of a
gradual -increase.; but instead of putting the
twenty per cent, upon the excess over twelve
dollars, they put tie twenty per cent, upon the
whole twelve dollars which had already
four dollars and upon the excess iu.ildaftioii,
that is upon the whole value of the cigars',
How does it operate, and why has tit ere
been so much complaint? On the twelve-dol-
lar cigar you pay a four-ttollar tax. On the
th'irteen-dollar cigar you pay not four and
twenty, that is four dollars and the addition of
twenty per cent, ad valorem,, making $4 20,
but you pay $6 60; leaping- From $4-40 to $6 60
at once, for the twenty per cent, ad valorem is
charged upon the whole value. *How does it
operate in practice? The man who manufac-
tures a twelve-dollar cigar and pays a four-
dollar tax has eight dollars left for himself;
but if he makes a thirteen-dollar cigar he has
to pay $6 60 and has but $6 40 left for himself.
It is better, therefore, for him to make the
twelve-dollar cigar.
And so it goes on. The fourteen-dolla* cigar
instead of payiog~$I 40 as we intended, putting
on the twenty per cent, in addition to the $4 40,
pays $6 80. The fifteen-dollar cigar pays $7
instead of $4 60. By jumping from 84 up to
$0 60 and making that addition to be paid by
adding twenty per cent, ad valorem, not upon
the excess above twelve, but on the whole
value of the cigar, you actually leave a mail
who makes the thirteen-dollar cigar but $(> 40
after paying the Government tax while the man
who makes the twelve-dollar cigar gets $8 after
paying the Government tax.
1 say it is clear from this, why over the whole
country those connected with this cigar interest
are complaining, and justly complaining; but
as it went through as I must conceive by some
sort of blunder, certainly by a misunderstand-
ing so far as the gentlemen connected with this
interest, arising out of an explanation to us by
a member of the committee, I think the least
we can do is to correct it and not suffer this
interest to be longer oppressed as it now is. I
demand the previous question.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me. I will renew the demand for the pre-
vious" question.
Mr. SCHENCK. With pleasure.
Mr. ALLISON. The House will remember
at the last session we had great difficulty on this
cigar question. The Senate was opposed to any
ad valorem duty whatever, and in the commit-
tee of conference they 'insisted we should put
an absolute duty and not an ad valorem duty.
'Finally, as a matter of compromise, in the
committee of conference it was agreed on the
cheap cigar there should be a tax of two dol-
lars, aud upon cigars valued over eight dollars
there should be a tax of four dollars, aud upon
cigars above twelve dollars a thousand, those
not known as cheap cigars, there should be a
tax of four dollars, and an ad valorem tax of
twenty per cent, on the whole-value. I am at
a loss to see what interest is injured. These
cigar manufacturers who produce more valu-
able cigars are compelled to pay a higher
tax than they would if they only paid a tax
upon the excess over twelve dolh&rs pet thou-
