1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1577
sented in Congress. Sack organisations have
been made in some of the States, and in others
they have been prevented by military orders.
General Sickles told me the other day that he
had prevented the organization, he thought, of
fifty regiments in his department. He will
not allow one to be organized; and in some
of the other departments the military com-
manders have exercised authority to prevent
their organization because they are danger-
ous. They ought not to exist in these States
in their present condition. There ought not to
be any organization there hostile to the coun-
try ; certainly no armed bands of men of this
kind. We have evidence of great wrongs per-
petrated by them in some of the States. I
nave testimony of that kind from Mississippi
and other States. I know this provision of
the bill will tend to peace and harmony. It
has nothing to do with ordinary officers, con-
stables, sheriffs, or anything of that kind.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I believe all these
States are included within military districts
over which commanders are placed who report
regularly to the General at the city of Wash-
ington. This is a question which relates to
military administration in that part of the
country, and it is very surprising, indeed, that
a law should be introduced upon this subject
without a formal application from the War
Department.
Mr. WILSON. I say to the Senator,
and I have pleasure in saying, that the head of
the War Department would be very glad to
see these militia organizations entirely dis-
banded : they are local State militia, and in
nearly all cases are rebels. They do not carry
the American flag, and some of them will not;
others have worn the gray. They are hostile
organizations, officered generally by men who
have been in the rebellion. They ought not to
exist in the present state of things. We have
a military force of our own in that country,
and these militia organizations ought not to be
allowed there, as a matter of safety to the
country, until those States are represented in
these Halls.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I make no objection
whatever to any measure which may be thought
necessary for the public safety, for our safety
against renewed revolt, or even against such
extensive local disturbances as would affect
the interests of this Government within those
military districts which are established in the
southern portion of the country. What I
object to is this general, sweeping, unlimited
provision extending all over that portion of
the Union, without any application to us,
without any official report from the proper
Department of the Government upon the sub-
ject. This is striking in the dark. The organ-
ization of local forces for the preservation of
order and for defense is one of those ordi-
nary and common rights and privileges, which
onght not to be curtailed, unless some public
reason of necessity compels.
Prom the reply the Senator gives me, I
miderstsmd that there is no official report, there
is no offrcial application to ug for a measure of
this sort; it must therefore be dictated by some
vague impressions that have never taken any
definite form ; which have no foundation suffi-
cient to attract our respect and confidence.
If this is put upon the ground that it belongs
to the general mass of legislation dictated by
hostility and by distrust, falls within the class
ot' political questions at the present time, I can
understand it; but if it be, as it ought to be, when
it comes from the Military Committee, when it
relates to a question of pure military adminis-
tration, a business question, and if it be one
subject to investigation by us in that point of
view alone, all 1 have to say is that I have
heard no sufficient reason for the enactment of
any such measure.
Mr. LANE. All necessity, as I understand,
for dissolving these local militia organizations
in the rebel States is, that we do not believe
tliey are in harmony with Government or with
the Union sentiment of the country, or likely
to promote the peace of those communities.
We have divided those States into military
districts. We are sending troops every day
there to keep the peace, national troops under
national authority, and we do not think in this
state of the case it is right to allow local militia
to he organized and armed there to thwart the
very purpose for which you send your own
troops there.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This was a curious bill
when it commenced: it was a medley.
Mr. BUCKALEW. An omnibus bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It was more than an
omnibus.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator will pardon me
for saying that I acknowledge that fact. We
massed several measures together because we
could not get them through separately. We
had not time. Senators about me advised the
massing together of several bills in order to
facilitate their passage.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is a pretty good
way; but omnibuses run slowly. I think you
had better leave off this fourteenth section to-
night. I want to raise the pay of officers of the
Army.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator ought not to
object to that section.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is fundamental. The
bill commences with increasing the pay of the
Army, and closes with repealing a clause of the
Constitution. I was going to move to strike
out the eighth section; but if the Senator will
allow this fourteenth section to go out, I shall
waive that.
Mr. GRIMES. I object to bargains as un-
parliamentary.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am willing that the
Senator from Massachusetts should have one
odd section to ornament the bill. The eighth
section is ornamental and I leave that. I was
going to move to strike it out; but this is of
some importance, and it should be discussed
and ought to be considered fully. When we
strike down the militia system of a part of the
States I do not for my part know enough about
it to vote upon it, even if I thought there was no
constitutional trouble in the way. If the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts wants to raise the pay
of the Army he had better do it, and j}6t put
everything on this bill.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator that
I have the same provision which is contained
in this fourteenth section in a bill by itself,
and at the earliest moment I shall press that
bill, and I will take out this particular pro-
vision rather than have a division at this par-
ticular moment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Veiy well.
Mr. WILSON. Now, I hope the Senator
will not interfere further. I want to have an
amendment made in the first section. After
the word "pay" in the seventh line, I move to
insert the words "and emoluments;" so as to
make the clause read :
The pay and emoluments of field andothermounted
officers shall hereafter be the same as is now provided
by law for cavalry officers of like grade.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As the Senator from
Massachusetts agrees to let the fourteenth sec-
tion go out, I move to amend the bill by strik-
ing it out.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to ask
the chairman of the committee why July is
fixed for the time of the first section of the act
taking effect.
Mr. WILSON. It is now fixed at July last
on the motion of the Senator from New York.
Mr. BUCKALEW. But why is the month
of July fixed instead of the time when the bill
is passed ?
Mr. WILSON. That is the beginning of
the fiscal year.
I supposed that was
Mr. BUCKALEW.
the reason.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; was read the third time, and
passed.
PUBLIC PARK.
Mr. BROWN. It was agreed last evening,
when to-night was assigned for business of the
Military Committee, that I should have a little
time to call up the Senate bill No. 549. I move
now to take up that bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 549) for the establishment and mainte-
nance of a public park in the District of Co-
lumbia was considered as in Committee of the
"Whole.
Mr. BROWN. The original bill need not
be read. The Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds reported an amendment, striking
out all after the enacting clause and inserting
a substitute.
The Secretary read the words proposed to
be inserted, as follows:
That a tract of land, in the District of Columbia,
along and adjacent to Bock creek, embraced within
the limits and designations of the survey made by
Brigadier General N. Michler, under the order of the
Secretary of War, in pursuance of Senate resolution
of July 18,1866, and conforming in its boundaries as
near as may be deemed expedient by the commission
hereinafter established to the projected boundary
lines of the park designated in said survey, (which
survey and plat, approved by the Committees on
Public Buildings of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, and so indorsed, is hereby directed to be
deposited in the custody of the Secretary of the In-
terior.) shall be purchased by the United States for
the purposes of a public park, free to all persons
under such regulations as to polioe and government
as may by proper authority be established.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That for the pur-
pose of effecting such purchase of the ground inclosed
within the designated survey, a commission is hereby
constituted consisting of Brevet Major General M. C.
Meigs, Brigadier General N. Michler, and ,
whose duty it shall be to negotiate with the owners
and reccive written proposals for the sale to the
United States of their respective tracts of land, or of
so many of such tracts or such parts of the same as
said commissioners find can be had upon reasonable
terms, and as they may deem necessary or desirable
for the purposes of a public park.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That said commis-
sioners, any two of whom shall be competent to act,
shall make report to the next Congress, as soon, as
practicable after its commencement, of their action
in carrying out the provisions of this act, setting
forth in detail all the agreements for purchase en-
tered into by them, the boundaries and estimated
value of all tracts that may be necessary to condemn
in consequence of the failure to come to any agree-
ments, and what portions, if any, may be omitted
from such survey for a park without detracting
materially from its advantages.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That all agree-
ments and negotiations herein provided for or au-
thorized on the part of said commissioners, m the
name and behalf of the United States.shall be made
subject to tho approval of Congress, and shall in no
wise bind the United States unless so approved.
Mr. BROWN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by filling the blank in the second section,
fifth line, with the name of "Brevet Major
General H. G. Wright."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, the bill which
I have just called up is one to establish a pub-
lic park in the vicinity of Washington city. It
is reported from the committee as a substitute for
a similar bill offered by myself at an early sta^e •
of the session, and differs from that chiefly in
the modes designated for acquiring ownership
of the designated grounds. The locality is the
same, the general area contemplated the same,
and the purpose of procuring and ornament-
ing such a public place of resort at the expense
of the United States and not of the corpora-
tions of this District is the same.
It will be remembered, Mr. President, that
at the last session of Congress, when this matter
was first mooted, objection was taken to the
lack of definite information on which to pro-
ceed in making selection of grounds; and to
obviate that difficulty as far as possible a reso-
lution was referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, of which I have the
honor to be chairman, instructing them to have
surveys made of various eligible sites around
