1578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
the city of Washington adapted to the pur-
poses of a public park. In pursuance of that
resolution of the Sena,te an application was
made to the Secretary of War which secured a
detail of Engineerofficers, wlioduringthe recess
of Congress proceeded to make the surveys
desired. I hold in my hand an elaborate map
containing the result of those surveys, accom-
panied by an admirable report from the officer
in charge of the work, which report lias been
printed and laid on our tables. I have before
me also a minor plat illustrative of the surveys,
which it may be well for Senators to scrutinize.
It was found, on making these examinations,
that there was but one location in the neigh-
borhood of this city eminently adapted to the
purposes of a public park. I suppose all mem-
bers of the Senate are familiar enough with the
environs of the city to know the beautiful and
romantic valleys of Rock creek. The character
of the ground around and adjacent to that
stream is exactly suited to the purposes we
desire. It has running water; it has rugged
hills; it has picturesque scenery; it has abund-
ance of varied forest timber; it has a native
undergrowth blushing with beauty. It has the
tangled vine and the clustering wild-flower,
and the quiet mosses gray with age, and indeed
a thousand imprints of native adornment that
no hand of art could ever equal in its most
imitative mood. Moreover, with so much of
attractiveness in its present uncultured state,
it has likewise every capacity for adornment
and development, and can be made with less
expense than almost any spot of equal area I
have ever seen within reach of a great city one
of the most beautiful resorts in the world. The
amount of ground which was surveyed em-
braced twenty-seven hundred acres. It will
not be necessary, however, to take in all of
that ground in order to secure what is desired
for the purposes of a park in the shape of
drives, alcoves, recesses, and places capable
of adornment. Fortunately the amount to be
embraced is almost entirely optional, as the
situation is such that large omissions may be
made without abating much the extent of the
drives or the beautiful diversity of views.
The committee, after having made a very
careful examination of the plans and surveys
submitted by Brigadier General Michler—and
by the way, I must be permitted here to compli-
ment him in the highest terms for the zeal he
has manifested in this work and the admirable
manner of its execution—the committee, I say,
finding that the number of owners was so great
as to preclude any joint offer for sale to the
United States, thought it best to establish a
commission authorized to negotiate in behalf
of the Government, ;md subjecting their action
to the approval of the next Congress. It was
believed that if we were to order a condemna-
tion of the ground there might be improper
combinations to secure a verdict, and the in-
terest of the Government might be sacrificed
in thepremises. It was believed, furthermore,
that if an opportunity was had for conferring
authoritatively with those who owned the
ground, and if it was known that the purchase
would depend in a great measure upon the
reasonable character of the offers that were
presented, there would be an opportunity of
getting what was needed at a fairer price, and
probably of making a better selection of that
which was desired than by any other mode.
I or this reason the committee have reported
a bill which simply provides a commission, and
that commission embraces the officers who
have had charge so far of the surveys, together
with General Meigs, who is placed at the head
of it, and authorizes them to confer with the
owners of the property to see what terms can
be had, what grounds may be held by minor
heirs or others that it will be necessarv to con-
demn, and to find what portions may be left
out and still not impair the desirability of the
grounds for the purposes of a public park, and
report the whole of their investigations and all
their propositions at as early a day as may be
found practicable.
I do not think there is anything in the bill
that can be objected to, if it is desirable to
enter upon the work of securing for the city of
Washington a public park. I think it is of
| such a character that will probably conduce
more to the security of the Government than
any other which can be drawn. As to the
necessity and the desirability of initiating
such a proposition and obtaining the necessary
location now while ground can be had on rea-
sonable terms I do not think there is much ,
room for question. The ground in the vicinity I
of this must soon become immensely valuable,
now that the uncertainty with which sectional i
discord and disunion so long threatened the !
stability of the capital has passed away. At
the present time Rock creek and its adjacent
heights has few residences upon it, and those
of comparatively trifling value, and the whole
area surveyed can be had, as is estimated by
General Michler in the report he has submitted,
at an average price of perhaps less than $200
j an acre. This would make a total cost of less
i than half a million dollars, a mere trifle of J
expenditure for "a thing of beauty" which
will prove "a joy forever."
Mr. President, I had intended, when pre- !
senting this subject to the consideration of the
Senate, to have remarked somewhat freely upon
the influence such surroundings are calculated
to exert upon those who come hither from all
parts of this great nation to bend their minds
to the dismal science of law-making and of
government. Those who, for any length of time,
have undergone the wear and tear of such life
as this, who have all their energies run to brain,
and all their souls fused into politics, need not
be told that anything which holds out hope of
either mental or passional relief is seized upon
with avidity. How necessary, then, that all
the ennobling influences of nature—the scenic
splendor of shifting views, the life and anima-
tion of gay concourse, the uprisen majesty of
the forest, the intoxicating gladness of spring
flowers, the laugh of the heavens through play-
ing branches, the shimmer of the waters, the
song of birds, graceful forms, inspirations—
should be so abundantly grouped around this
nation's capital. There is no expenditure that
can be made which shall add to the grandeur
or adornment of the public buildings that fill
so largely the eye of admiration of the world,
or of the vast libraries that are accumulating
so rapidly the treasures of all languages within
your reach, or of the conservatories and gar-
dens and cabinets that minister to your tastes,
that will not freely be sanctioned by the peo-
ple ; for such in itself is the establishment of a
nation's university, whither all may come to
wonder and to learn, and in which all may
feel a rightful patriotic pride. Only let it be
worthy. Let your doing be on a scale com-
mensurate with the pride to which you minister
and the people you are sent hither to represent.
And it is in the same spirit that I would have
you, Senators, inaugurate a public park that
shall have no rival anywhere for beauty or ex-
tent or ornamentation, as it will have none for
the illustrious character gathered from a whole
continent in the after time to wisely role our
Republic from this center of its power.
Mr. President, the experience of foreign
nations has been worth much on this subject
of the extent of their places of public resort,
and I do not think it would be wise in us alto-
gether to disregard it. There it has been found
that size was an invaluable feature, and even
in the present continued effort is being made
to enlarge those now in existence. The latest
data I have been able to lay my hands upon
gives the dimensions of the more celebrated
European parks as follows: Hyde Park. 380
acres; Regent's Park, 372 acres; Windsor
Little Park, 800 acres; Windsor Great Park,
3,500 acres; Richmond Park, 2,250 acres;
Phoenix Park, at Dublin, 2,000 acres; Garden
of Versailles, 3,000 acres; Bois dc Bologne,
2,158 acres; Englische Garten, at Munich,
500 acres: and the Prater, at Vienna, 1,500
acres. The Central Park, in New York city, i
contains 840 acres, and. authority has just been
granted for the laying" out a park at Chicago
of 2,000 acres. It will thus be made to appear
that the amount of territory embraced in the
present survey, 2,700 acres, does not exceed
many of the more famous of those I have
cited. And yet what would be thought of the
proposition to reduce the area of either Wind-
sor Park or Phoenix Park or the Garden at
Versailles? It would be simply set down, sir,
as a barbarism. Let us, then, profit by the
accumulated experience of so many metropol-
| itan cities and so many great nations, and
secure, while we may, here at the city of
Washington ample scope for a national park
worthy of our people and our country.
j But I perceive it is unnecessary to prolong
any speech in behalf of what the Senate is
evidently so willing to concur in voting. I
will close, therefore, with expressing the hope
that no delays attendant upon the close of the
session may cause this measure to fail in the
; other branch of Congress, and that, if it shall
become a law, the commission organized under
it will not be too contracted in their views as
to the extent of ground that should be em-
, braced in this national park.
| Mr. BUCKALEW. I want to ask one ques-
tion. I think it is provided that this report
! shall be made at the next session of Congress,
j That means the session beginning on the 4th
of March ?
Mr. BROWN. Probably at some time dur-
ing that session the report can be made,
j Mr. BUCKALEW. It would be better to
provide that the report should be made to the
next Congress.
Mr. BROWN. If gentlemen will look at the
third section they will see that it now says,
! '' shall make report to the next Congress."
Mr. BUCKALEW. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. GRIMES. I have not had an oppor-
tunity to read this bill; but I desire to inquire
of the Senator from Missouri if there is any-
thing in it that commits the Congress of the
United States to accept the selection that may
be made by these commissioners, or that com-
mits us to any appropriations in the future ?
Mr. BROWN. Nothing. It expressly re-
serves all that.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I have but a word to
say about the passage of this bill. In answer
to a question put by my colleague it was stated
that the bill does not now provide for any
expenditure of money; it is but to ascertain
how much this project will cost, and have a
report made to the next Congress. It seems
to me that if it be the opinion of the Senate
that the project ought not to be entered upon,
it is as well to stop it now as then.
The Senator from Missouri tells us that
the proposition is to take some twenty-seven
hundred acres of land that he thinks can be
had at $200 an acre. That will amount to
something over half a million dollars. We
know very well how much below the actual
cost of lands that the Government proposes to
buy are the estimates that are made before-
hand of what they will cost. If we double
the estimate I think we shall come much
nearer the truth. I think these lands will not
cost us much less than a million dollars to
begin with, and God knows how many millions
it will cost to improve them. It seems to me
the Senate might just as well consider now
as at any other time the question whether or
not the Government is in a condition to embark
in a project of this kind; whether, when we
are being taxed as heavily as we are, when the
ingenuity of our Secretary of the Treasury
and of our Financial Committees is taxed to the
utmost to devise ways and means to raise
money to pay what we must pay, it is best to
go any further in this direction.
The Senator from Missouri and myself will
