1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1579
ask the Senate before it adjourns to make an
appropriation to improve the rapids of the
Mississippi river, on which we both live. We
may have difficulty with the present 'condition
of the Treasury in getting a sufficient appro-
priation for that purpose. Certainly the diffi-
culty will be increased if we take a step now
that will involve the expenditure of as much
money as it will take to improve the rapids of
the Mississippi river, because thi3 park will
cost the Government more money than will
make that liver navigable for large boats from
St. Paul to its mouth. If we embark in this
enterprise, if we commence to purchase these
twenty-seven hundred acres of land, and begin
expending money by the hundred thousand
every year to improve them, it will involve us
in double the expenditure that will make our
great river navigable. I do not think it is best
to go any further in this direction at this time.
Let us wait till the country is in a more flourish-
ing condition before we do it. I ask for the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from Missouri whether the bill on which
we are about to act requires an appropriation
of any money'?
Mr. BROWN. No, sir; it does not.
Mr. HOWARD. Or does it contemplate in
the end a costly park, costing millions ?
Mr. BROWN. It will be for the next Con-
gress to pass upon how much it will cost, or
whether they will take it at all or not.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the honorable
Senator from Missouri that he let the bill be
passed over informally to-night. There is hardly
a quorum present, and there is some other
business we can do to which there is no objec-
tion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that this bill
be informally passed over, so that it shall be
the business in order to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks it is not in order to make a motion to
lay a bill aside informally. It can be laid aside
by unanimous consent, not by a vote of the
Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the further con-
sideration of the bill be postponed until to-
morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. BROWN. I agree to that motion, with
the understanding that a vote shall be had on
the bill at that time. ["Yes."]
The motion was agreed to.
dyer b. pettijohn.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 175) for the relief of Dyer
B. Pettijohn was read a second time and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It is a direction to the Secretary of War to
cause to be paid to Dyer B. Pettijohn the full
pay and emoluments of a second lieutenant
of infantry, of the second regiment of sharp-
shooters, Minnesota volunteers, from the 30th
day of May, 1863, to the 20tfc day of May, 1865,
deducting therefrom any amount he may have
received as an enlisted man during the time
specified.
Mr. RAMSEY. I propose to amend this
resolution by striking out in the fifth line "sec-
ond regiment" and inserting "first company."
This man, DyerB. Pettijohn, was a private sol-
dier in the first company of Minnesota sharp-
shooters, and then a sergeant; and was in the
front upon the Potomac through several years;
and he received a promotion from the rank of
sergeant to that of second lieutenant; but when
his commissibn was received he was not in a
position to get to a mustering officer, aad be-
fore he could do so he was taken prisoner, car-
ried to the military prisons of the South, and
detained there through several years; and when
he returned it was impossible to muster him
in as second lieutenant, the company in the
mean time having fallen below the minimum.
He was a brave and good soldier, who deserved
well of his country. This resolution for his
relief, which has been reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, provides for giving
him the pay of a second lieutenant from the
time when he should have been mustered in.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading; was read the third
time, and passed.
stephen e. jones.
On motion of Mr. LANE, the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 261) for the relief of Stephen
E. Jones, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It is a direction to the Paymaster General to
pay to Stephen E. Jones the full pay and allow-
ances of a first lieutenant of cavalry for the
period during which he actually served as aid-
de-camp on the staff of General Nelson and
General George H. Thomas, prior to his mus-
ter into the United States service.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading; read the third
time, and passed.
imprisonment for debt.
Mr. POLAND. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
563) supplementary to the several acts of Con-
gress abolishing imprisonment for debt. It
will not take long.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of executive
business. That will leave the bill of the Sen-
ator from Vermont as the unfinished business.
Mr. POLAND. I hope we shall not pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business
when the Senate is so very thin. We can pass
several bills, in relation to which there is no
controversy.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is a bill to which
nobody can object.
Mr. CONNESS. A Senator near me [Mr.
Howard] says it will be debated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia.
A division being called for, there were—
twelve ayes.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is evident that we
shall not transact any more business to-night.
I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator from Indi-
ana will withdraw his motion I propose to
withdraw mine by unanimous consent and let
the Senator from Vermont have his bill dis-
posed of.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion made by the Senator from California can
be withdrawn by unanimous consent, the yeas
and nays having been ordered. The Chair
hears no objection, and the motion is with-
drawn.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate
adjourn. Let us see whether we are in a con-
dition to transact business; I am not willing
to transact business unless there is a constitu-
tional quorum present. I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn, and on that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 19 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Foster, Grimes, Hend-
ricks, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams, and
Wilson—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Conness. Cres-
well, Dixon, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fowler, Harris,
Howard, Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan, Poland, Pome-
roy, Ramsey, Ross, Saulsbury, and Sumner—19. _
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, C'attell, Cowan. Cra-
S'n, Davis, Doolittlc, Fogg, Freliughuysen, Guthrie,
enderson, Howe, Johnson, McDougall, Morrill,
Nesmith, Norton, Nye, Patterson, Riddle, Sherman,
Sprague, Stewart, Trumbull, and Yates—24. ,
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The motion of Mr. Poland was agreed to;
and the bill (S. No. 563) supplementary to the
several acts of Congress abolishing imprison-
ment for debt, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It provides that whenever, upon
mesne process or execution issuing out of any
of the courts of the United States, any defend-
ant therein is arrested or imprisoned, he shall
| be entitled to discharge from such arrest or
' imprisonment in the same manner as if he were
so arrested or imprisoned on like process of
: the State courts in the same district; and the
same oath may be taken, and the same length
of notice thereof shall be required, as is pro-
vided by the State laws; ana that all modifi-
cations, conditions, and restrictions upon im-
prisonment for debt now existing or which may
hereafter be adopted by the laws of any State,
shall be applicable to process issuing out of
the courts of the United States therein, and the
same course of proceedings shall be adopted
as now are or hereafter may be in the courts
of such States. But all such proceedings shall
be had before some one of the commissioners
appointed by the United States circuit court to
take bail and affidavits.
The Committee on the Judiciary proposed
to amand the bill by striking out in line twelve
thewords "orwhich may hereafter beadopted,"
I and in line fifteen "hereafter."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. I can state in a word the
necessity for this legislation. Many years ago
Congress passed a law providing that in States
where imprisonment for debt had been abol-
ished, or in States where it should thereafter
be abolished, it should be abolished also in
reference to process out of the courts of the
United States. Under this law it was decided
by Judge Curtis in the circuit court in Massa-
chusetts that, in States where imprisonment
for debt had not been entirely abolished, had
only been modified, so that by filing an affidavit
of a certain character a debtor might still be
imprisoned, the law of Congress did not apply;
and that in Massachusetts, although imprison-
ment for debt generally had been abolished, as
it was allowed in a modified form of filing an
affidavit the law did not apply. This bill is
intended merely to make the law conform to
the laws of the States where imprisonment for
debt is only allowed in a qualified form, as well
as to those where it is entirely abolished. We
have struck out the word "hereafter" be-
cause we thought it was not in the power of
Congress to adopt future legislation of the
States.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to inquire of the
honorable Senator from Vermont whether the
bill is mandatory in its character and terms
upon the court, and whether it establishes
positively the rules that prevail in the various
States in reference to imprisonment for debt, or
whether it is left discretionary with the Fed-
eral courts in any or in all cases ?
Mr. POLAND. It adopts the laws of the
States upon that subject.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Secretary be good
enough to read the bill as it stands ?
The Secretary.
That whenever upon mesne process or execution
issuing out of any of the courts of the United States,
any defendant therein is arrested or imprisoned, he
shall be entitled to discharge from such arrest or
imprisonment in the same manner as if he were so
arrested or imprisoned on like process of the State
courts in the same district, &c.
Mr. HOWARD. So 'that the proceedings
under this bill will vary in the Federal courts
in each State as the State legislation varies
on the subject of imprisonment for debt. Is
that it ? * fr
Mr. POLAND. We adopt the present legis-
lation of the States on that subject.
Mr. HOWARD. And all future legislation?
Mr. POLAND. No, sir. We struck out the
word "hereafter," because we thought it was
not in the power of Congress to adopt future
legislation of the States. We adopt all the laws
of the States now in force concerning imprison-
