1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rested, knowing that Senators and Represent-
atives had their responsibilities as well as
himself. Instead of this he has been lecturing
us upon the subject ever since.* [Laughter.]
Scarcely a communication did" he address to
either House of Congress at the last session in
which he did not repeat, and 'in almost the
same words, the sentiments of his first message.
Not content with this, as "early as the 22d of
February last, he commenced addressing pro-
miscuous out-door assemblages and dictating
newspaper articles and.-telegraphic dispatches
denouncing Senators and Representatives even
by rtamefor their fidelity to the principles upon
which they were elected; and lest tie people
should not understand his views he did what no
President ever did before, made a tour of the
States in which elections were pending and
repeated his old story about States lately in
rebellion.
I understand that the expenses of this Presi-
dential trip are to be, if they have not already
been, paid out of the public Treasury. I shall
hold our Committee on Appropriations re-
sponsible for keeping all items for that trip out
of their report. [Renewed laughter. ] If they
are to come before us at all let them come
in a separate bill and stand upon their own
merits. I shall do my best to defeat any appro-
priation bill, however meritorious, that pro-
vides for their payment. .'[Cries of "That is
right."]
It is not the fault of the President if the
people did not understand him when they re-
cently uttered their wholesale condemnation
at the polls. The present acting President has
been not inappropriately compared to the otiier
acting Presidents. I have been a member of
Congress under the administration of them all.
A doctor once said he could not cure all dis-
eases "unless by some medicine they could be
changed into fits; he was good on fits."
[Laughter.] Now, while I would not venture
to make many predictions about the conduct
of the mass of mankind, I can predict exactly
how a man will conduct if changed from a Vice
President to- an acting President. I am as
good upon acting Presidents as the doctor was
upon fits. [Renewed laughter.] They have
all been, now are, and hence it is safe to say,
ever will be, traitors to the party that elected
them; and the people are sick of them. They,
however, sustained Tyler in his second Con-
gress; and they did the same by Fillmore. Both
these gentlemen were able to carry their admin-
istration measures in the second Congress of
their terms.
And the present Executive had an advan-
tage in the universal sympathy which the pub-
lic had for the soldiers. Profiting by the boast
of a former southern President, when told that
he could not carry a certain obnoxious meas-
ure through Congress, "that the South was
with him upon principle and he would soon
make the North so on patronage," no sooner
had he made up his mind to assassinate the
Union party, as Booth had done its acknowl-
edged head, than he caused it to be proclaimed
throughout the country that he intended to give
all his patronage to soldiers. And he has ap-
pointed a few soldiers where they would pre-
tend to be for his policy. For I view the sup-
port of the policy of this Administration by tne
mass of soldiers holding offices as mere pretense,
justified perhaps under the idea of foraging upon
the enemy. [Great laughter.] In my own
city, one of Mr. Lincoln's intimate personal
friends was removed from the office of post-
master and a crippled soldier appointed his
successor. He was confirmed by the Senate,
and he sent to the Department his bond prop-
erly approved. In the mean while, it was
hinted that he had better go to the Philadelphia
convention. This was too much for him. He
could face rebel bayonets, shot, and shell, but
a Johnson convention frightened him. [Loud
and continued laughter. ] And so another man
was appointed in his place. With all this
pretended love of the soldiers, however, the
popular elections could not be carried for the
Administration. Impersonated bread and but-
ter, speak if I misrepresent you. [Shouts of
laughter.]
After the policy of the Executive has been
almost unanimously condemned, after it is
apparent that he will have a smaller number
of supporters in the next" Congress than any
other Executive ever did have, he sends to
Congress another message. And what does it
contain ? It begins and ends with a mere rep-
etition of his former messages and popular
harangues. Out of twenty pages he has tenfor
traitors, and ten for all other subjects embra-
cing, according to his own showing, important
financial exigencies and delicate foreign rela-
tions. The late Senator Collamer, when a
member of this House, once told a story of a
clergyman who had been in the habit of preach-
ing the same sermon upon great occasions for
several years. On one occasion he asked an
auditor how he liked the sermon. Thereply was,
"I always did like that sermon." [Laughter.]
Go among the disloyal people who have always
been rejoicing over the messages of the present
President and ask them how they liked the late
message, and the reply would everywhere be
that they always did like that message. [Re-
newed laughter.]
I read a newspaper account recently of an
aged college president who was reading to his
students a chapter in the Bible daily with the
intention of reading the BiWe through in course.
Some roguish student daily placed back his
mark until he had read the same chapter daily
for a long time. [Great laughter.] Perhaps
some one has been playing a similar prank with
our President. We certainly are getting the
same message all the time, and I wish for va-
riety's sake that someone would change the
mark. [Long and loud laughter.]
4'he President keeps telling us that he has
done all that he could do to complete the res-
toration of the Union, and that all has been
done that is necessary to be done except to
admit representatives from the late rebel States.
And then he kindly adds that the remainder
belongs to Congress, and that each House is
the judge of the qualifications of its own mem-
bers. Now, if he feels that he has done his own
duty, why cannot he be quiet and leave us to do
ours? The Constitution defines his duties, and
he professes to have discharged them. The same
Constitution defines the duties of Congress, and
its members profess to have discharged them.
The people have reviewed the acts of Congress
and indorsed them. Its members cannot change
their policy without proving as false to the ex-
pressed will of the people as he has to the prin-
ciples upon which he was elected to office. And
when men are sustained by their own convic-
tions and by overwhelming majorities of the
people, how vainly can any one hope to change
them! He has tried denunciation; he has tried
patronage; w"hat more can he do?
I see it stated in some of his organs that the
Administration is about to remove all the fe-
male clerks, mostly the widows and children
of our soldiers and nurses in our hospitals.
This cannot be to punish Congress, [laughter,]
for had he supposed that radical Congressmen
had relatives or friends among them he would
have removed them long ago. [Renewed
laughter. ] It must be to import disloyal voters
into the District in anticipation of the effects
of the universal suffrage bill, which we have
this day enacted into a law. If he cannot
carry a State he wants to keep this District.
[Great laughter.]
Here I must digress to express my wonder
at how Omnipotence turns the intended evil
of men into real good. When I first came to
Congress colored men were carried through the
city in shackles and sold at public auction.
From the windows of the Capitol a horrid
slave-pen could be seen, and children would
be shrieking around it trying to get one more
gaze at their agonizing parents sold for the
southern market. But the rebellion came with
all its horrors; the President was assassinated;
the Vice President was debauched; yet from
it all came riot only the blaek man's enfran-
chisement, but his equality in everything that
constitutes citizenship.
The President well snows that the conqueror
is always entitled to indemnity for the past and
security for the future. Now, this Congress,
in a spirit of compromise, offers to take either
of these two things. But we cannot get the
indemnity, according to his own showing id his
messages detailing the destitution of the south-
ern people, so we must insist upon the se-
curity; and that security is contained in the
constitutional amendment. Itwould have been
given long ago, and all the old States would
have been represented in this Congress had Mr.
Lincoln lived, or had the present Executive
pursued his policy. For there was- a time
when the States lately arid still; in rebellion
would have complied with any executive ex-
aetioji. But instead of asking the disloyalists
to fovor the constitutional amendment, he has
done everything in his power to make them
oppose it. And hence he is responsible far
keeping them unrepresented.
His course reminds ine of the celebrated
fable of JEsop, entitled "The Wolf and the
Lamb," and running somewhat in this way:
A wolf and a lamb happened to come at the
same time to drink at a stream that ran down
a rocky mountain. The wolf stood upon the
higher ground and the lamb at some distance
below him. The wolf made the stream so
muddy that neither could drink and then
charged it upon the lamb, abused him, and
finally tore him to pieces. The President is
the wolf and Congress is the lamb.
Mr. STEVENS, (in his seat) That is so.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WENTWORTH. He is doing alt he
can to keep the rebellious States out of Con-
gress, and then he charges it upon us. He is
muddying the political waters and censuring
us for his own acts. The "White-House" wolf
may growl, however, but he cannot devour.
[Laughter.] He even vetoed a bill conferring
upon southern men their civil rights. When
this Congress assembled at its first session
there were two classes of men destitute of civil
rights. One never had any, and the other once
had them but forfeited them. Congress at onee
relieved them both over the President's veto,
and has ever since been anxious to adopt any
measure that would tend to their common
benefit, showing in its brotherly love no differ-
ence between the loyal black and the disloyal
white man. •
The President dwells upon the injustice of
taxing a people without representation. How
much worse is the condition of the people in
the disloyal States than the condition of the
people of this District who never had rep-
resentation and yet have always been taxed?
How much stronger claims have they to repre-
sentation than the people of Nebraska and
Colorado, whom he is keeping out of the Union
when they have more white population than
some of the disloyal States? Idaho, Montana,
and each of the Territories are allowed no votes
in Congress, and yet tliey are taxed. Florida
has not the white population of several of our
Territories whose people pay more taxes than
she does, yet the President would give her a
Representative and two Senators. 1 voted to
admit her once to representation'upon the same
terms with the other States ; I am willing to do
it again when I find her as I then did, qualified.
The President complains that Tennessee was
not admitted to representation until after the
eighth month of the session. Here applies
the fable of the wolf and the lamb again.
[Laughter.] It was the President who kept her
out. When she complied with the terms of
Congress, when she clothed herself in the ha-
biliments of loyalty, when she gave security for
the future by the adoption of the constitutional
amendments, she was at once admitted to rep-
resentation. Her erring sisters can be admit-
ted upon the same terms. The road to repre-
sentation in Congress is a straight one, but
rather narrow for traitors. [Renewed laugh-
