1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
903
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee ou Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of Elisha P. Moulton, pray-
ing that Ids claim as an original inventor of
iron-clad gunboats may be recognized and
rewarded, submitted an adverse report, and
moved that the subject bo indefinitely post-
poned; which was agreed to.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Charles Grafton
Page, praying that a patent issue to him for
his invention of a magneto-electric apparatus
for administering electricity as a remedy for
diseases and for purposes of scientific illustra-
tion, submitted an adverse report, and moved
that the subject be indefinitely postponed;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of Pennsylva-
nia, representing that they labor under great
disadvantages from the frequent violations of
trade-marks, and praying for relief by extend-
ing the law of copyright to trade-marks, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Manufactures; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 302) for the relief
of the heirs of George Faber, reported ad-
versely thereon, and submitted a report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. KIRIvWOOD, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of John Carter, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion, submitted a report accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 55-1) granting a pension to Jolm Car-
ter. The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (II. It. No.. 819) for the relief
of Richard A. Vervalen and others, submitted
an adverse report, and moved the indefinite
postponement of the bill; which was agreed to.
Mr. CltAGIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 21) for the relief of Lucretia
M. Perry, widow of the lato Nathaniel H.
Perry, United States Navy, reported adversely
thereon.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom wap referred the bill
(S. No. 58) to extend the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs; which
was agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 555) granting lands to aid in the
construction of the Tebo and Neosho railroad
and the extension; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 556) for the relief of Caroline McGec, of
Greene county, Tennessee, widow of Lemuel
McGee, deceased; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. FOWLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 557) for the relief of James Pulton, pay-
master United States Navy; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Claims.
bill recommitted.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, the bill (S.
389) for the relief of Stephen R. Parkhurst,
was recommitted to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
soldiers' orphans' home.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the Senate last evening passed
the bill (H. R. No. 848) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to incorporate the National Sol-
diers' aad Sailors' Orphans' Home," approved
July 25,1866. I merely desire to have the mo-
tion to reconsider entered at the present time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion will be entered.
message i'rom tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 479)
to punish illegal voting in the District of Colum-
bia, arid for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 9X2)
making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1808, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (S.
No. 5*25) supplementary to an act to prevent
smuggling, and for other purposes, approved
July 18. 1806, with amendments, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had receded from its second amendment to the
bill of the Senate (S. No. 208) exempting the
property of debtors in the District of' Colum-
bia from levy, attachment, or sale on execution.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (II. R. No. 005) to amend an
act to establish the judicial system of the Uni-
(ed States, approved September 29, 1789, and
to the bill (II. R. No. 719) to punish certain
crimes in relation to the public securities and
currency, and for other purposes.
condition of indian tribes.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tlio Secretary of the Interior bo,
and he is hereby, respectfully requested to report to
fhc Senate the condition of the Indians now located
in the vicinity of Lake Traverso and Fort Wads-
worth. Dakota Territoiy, at the time ol' the outbreak
in Minnesota in 18(52; the part they took in connec-
tion with that outbreak; tho causo of their beini;
permitted to remain so near the Minnesota frontier
when tho other surrendered Sioux wero .sent to tho
Crow Creek reservation in 1863; whether they havo
been uniformly friendly in their relations with the
whites since the outbreak oi otherwise; whether they
have any reservation allotted them: and whether
they havo been tho recipients from th« Interior De-
partment since the outbi eak of any annuities, cloth-
intr, provisions, or agricultural implements: and
whether their removal from their present location to
a point more removed trom the Minnesota frontier
is contemplated by the Interior Department.
foreign ministers and president's policy.
Mr. SUMNER submitted tho following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President of tho United States
be requested to communicate to tho Sonato, if in his
opinion not incompatible with the public interest,
anycorrespondence between tho Dopartmentot'State
and any of the foreign ministers of the United States
with reference to tile policy of the President toward
the States lately in rebellion, and especially any in-
quiries by tho Department of State with regard to
the conversation or opinions of such foreign minis-
tors.
deputy marshals, etc., in tiie district.
Mr. MORRILL submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That tho Secretary of the 'Interior be
directed to communicate to the Senate the number
and names of the deputy marshals, bailiffs, and criers
in the District of Columbia who have received com-
pensation for the year 1866, tho rates of compensation
and amount paid each.
claims of loyal east tennesseeans.
Mr. PATTERSON. I offer the following
resolution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on CI aims be directed
to inquire into the justice and expediency of com-
pensating the loyal people of East Tennessee for
propertv taken from them for the use of the Army
of the United States, tho claims for which property
were investigated by a commission appointed by
General Burnside, consisting of Messrs. Morrow,
Dickinson, and Williams, and also tho claims invest-
igated by a commission appointed by General Sco-
field. consisting of Messrs. Dickens, Pearson, and
Williams; and report by bill or otherwise.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
tho resolution ?
Mr. HOWE. I did not hear it, and I
should like to have it read again.,
The Secretary read the resolution.
Mr. IIOWE. I do not think there can be
any objection to tho reference of that subject
to the committee.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and adopted.
importation ol" goods "without inspection.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of repealing
the provisions of law allowing goods imported from
foreign countries to bo brought into the interior of
tho country under seal and without inspection at the
usual ports of entry, and to report by bill or other-
wise.
treaty with hawaiian islands.
Mr. CONNESS. If it be in order, I now
move to take up for consideration the resolu-
tion I submitted yesterday, calling upon the
Secretary of the Treasury for information.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
requested to report to tho Senate whether, in his
opinion, American interests would not be subserved
by a treaty of commercial reoiprooity with tho Ha-
waiian Islands.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 have no doubt, sir, that
the Secretary of tho Treasury can furnish the
Senate with very valuable information upon
this as he could upon almost any other finan-
cial or commercial subject; but I am opposed
to tho adoption of the resolution and cannot
vote for it, or at any rate, I am not disposed to
allow it to be adopted without entering my pro-
test against it; and for this reason: it carries
with it the implication that commercial treaties
are within tho province of the President of the
United States, in conjunction with the Senate,
and that we havo tho power to tie up the trade
and commerce of the country without the coop-
eration of tho House of Representatives. We
have attempted to do this once, Mr. President,
in our history. We established a reciprocity
treaty with the British Provinces in North
America. We got rid of that treaty fortunately,
shortly after the civil war began; but every-
body can comprehend fully what would have
been the condition of this country if there had
not been a clause in that treaty by which it
could be brought to a conclusion within ten
years from the time it began. Why, sir, I ap-
prehend that the whole trade and commerce of
the country would have been entirely deranged
at the present time if the treaty in relation to
trade with the British Provinces had not con-
tained within itself the power to abrogate it at
the expiration of ten years. It is for this rea-
son, and for this reason alone, that I oppose
this resolution—not but what 1 want to nave
tho most close and intimate relations with the
Sandwich Islands. With the purpose which
the Senator from California has in view ulti-
mately in regard to those islands, X entirely
sympathize; but I do not recognize the power
of the Senate of the United States and the
President to control the legislation of the coun-
try through a commercial treaty in relation to
our trade regulations with other countries; and
as I do not apprehend that we have any such
power, I do not want to convoy the implication
by tho adoption of a resolution that we can do
any such thing.
Mr. CONNESS. I have listened to a little
the strangest argument that has been heard in
the Senate, since I have been here at least. A
resolution is offered calling upon one of tho
Departments for information upon a subject of
vital interest to a large portion of the Ameri-
can people, and the Senator who has just
spoken rises in his place and says, " I object
to the passage of tho resolution; I object to
all commercial treaties for reciprocity; I deny
the power of the President and the Senato
to tie the hands of the Housa of Representa-
tives." Now, sir, I humbly submit that the
honorable Senatorjias fired off hisgreatgun too
soon, and that he had bettor wait until thero is
