1580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
ment for debt, and apply them to process in
the United States courts. What the States may
do hereafter we do not provide for.
Mr. HOWARD. That waa the very point to
which I wished to call the attention of the Sen-
ate, I gathered from the reading of the bill
that it was the purpose of the committee to
have the rule vary in the Federal courts in
the various States according to the provisions
of the State laws, which I should think an
anomaly.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
•djourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at ten o' clock
 nd twenty-five minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 26,1867.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton*.
The Journal of yesterday was rtad and
approved.
ALLEGED CORRUPTION OF MEMBERS.
Mr. WENTWORTH. from the special Com-
mittee on the rumored arrangement of Mem-
bers with the President, under the order of
the House of yesterday, submitted the follow-
ing report:
The committee were in session when the resolutions
instructing them to report to-day were adopted, and
so no member had an opportunity to explain at that
time the progress the committee had made.
The organization of the committee was delayed in
consequence ofone oftheoriginal appointees having
been excused. But since their organization they
have been as diligent in the prosecution of their
duties as their interest in the questions pending
before the House would permit. They have had fre-
?uent meetings during the session of the House,
mleed, they have examined witnesses as fast as the
short-hand reporter could woite out the testimony.
With a large number of slips from newspapers be-
fore them, purporting to come from reporters in this
city, the committee called several of such reporters
before them with reference to the authority for their
statements touching the matter referred to them by
the House. Although those reports were as widely
variant as reports sent from the capital generally
are, yet they all, when traced back, derived their
origin substantially as follows:
Persons not members of Congress, after the south-
ern delegations (so called) had paid their recent visit
to this city, had been free in intimations that Con-
gress and tho President were about to become recon-
ciled. The reporters from their gallery noticed two
of those persons occupying the most friendly rela-
tions to the President, while the recent reconstruc-
tion bills were pending, sitting at times inside the
bar of the House when they were not thus entitled.
They saw them at other times call several members
into the cloak-room and otherwheres hold private
conversations with them. This attracted their curi-
osity to snch an extent that they resolved to ascer-
tain what it meant; and they learned that a private
meeting was being called to hear a proposition from
certain friends of the President, which was likely to
eventuate in restoring former friendly relations be-
tween him and the majority of Congress; and, based
on this fact, conjecture sent out various reports touch-
ing the reconstruction not only of the President, but
also of his Cabinet, the suppression of the impeach-
ment, and the appointment of members of this House,
hitherto hostile to the President, to office. The two
persons heretofore alluded to were called before the
oommittee. One of them testified that he had seen
the President as often as three times per week dur-
ing the session in consequence of his position as
roporter; and that his relations were of the most
friendly nature. His visits were principally in the
evening. Tho other testified to his own friendly and
intimate relations with the President and to his co-
operation with the porson before alluded to. They
had come upon the floor of the House and arranged
for a privatemeetingat the Metropolitan Club-Room.
They wanted and considered they had found from
sixty to seventy conservative members who could
through conoert of aotion numerically control the
organization of the party ofiposed to the President.
lhey invited no Democrats to attend the meeting,
and no Radical, as they construed party divisions.
The meeting was held, but many invited did not at-
tend, and those m attendance were unwilling to act
unless they were assured that the persons calling tie
meeting were speaking by the authority of the Pres-
ident. This they could not then do, and the meeting
adjourned with the understanding that theyshould
see tho President, and if he approved of their con-
duct, certain members of Congress were to call upon
him and report at a future meeting to be called for
the purpose of hearing their report. These persons
called upon the President and reported that he ex-
pressed a willingness to confer with such gentlemen
as might see fit to call upon him. Members of Con-
gress then called upon liim and a meeting was called
at another place to hear their report. This meet-
ing was on tho evening prior to the introduction of
the resolution authorizing the creation of this com-
mittee. That report was that the parties who had
represented the President as desirous of findingsome
common ground which he and Congress might occupy
on the subject of reconstruction were more than jus-
tified by his position as communicated to them. The
precipitation of events in Congress prevented other
meetings. Members attended each of the meetings
who did not attend the other: members invited to
each attended neither. Such is substantially the
testimony of tho two persons who claim that they
originated this movement. They declined to give
names, and the committee did not insist upon it, be-
cause they could be recalled should further devel-
opments render it necessary. The committee had
proceeded no further when called upon to report;
and as the witnesses have had no opportunity to re-
vise their testimony since written out by the short-
hand reporter, and as there are some portions of it
that ought to be suppressed, if the examination is to
go no further, the'eommittee have deemed it prudent
notto hringthetestimonybeforetheHouse. Indeed,
some of it is not yet written out.
Up to this timo tho committee have not been able
to obtain the least knowledge of tho reported propo-
sitions for reconciliation to be discussed between the
the President and members of Congress attending
the meeting, nor have they reliable expectations of
obtaining such knowledge from other witnesses, as
it appears that only the disposition of the parties to
reconciliation was ascertained at the last meeting;
and that was but the Friday evening before the last
measure for reconstruction was so unanimously sup-
ported by the opponents of the President's policy in
the House.
No testimony has been given reflecting in tho least
upon tho integrity of the President; nor has there
been the least testimony reflecting upon the integrity
of any member of this House. The harmonious vote
of the majority upon the last reconstruction bill,
compared with their earliest vote upon matters of
difference with the President, show no inroads upon
their ranks; whilothe fact that no member of the
Democratic minority was invited to these private
meetings by the professed friends of the President
outside of Congress is a testimonial to their firmness
of purpose and principle. Regretting their inability
to make a more elaborate report in the short space
of time allotted them, and feeling confident that
whateverwereoriginallythe arrangements for bring-
ing the House to more harmonious action with the
President they are now effectually interrupted, tho
committee ask to be discharged from the further
consideration of the subject.
JOHN WENTWORTH, Chairman.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Under the rule of
the House I have been instructed to make this
report. But I am reminded by gentlemen on
all sides that after the reading of this report
their interest in the subject ceases, and that
they have measures to bring before Congress
to-day which demand immediate attention. I
therefore will forego any remarks of my own.
If, however, my colleague on the committee
[Mr. Gi.oshbrenwkrJ on the Democratic side
wishes to address the House I will yield the
floor for five minutes to him.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER. The House will
perceive, Mr. Speaker, by the authorized state-
ment just made by the gentleman from Illinois,
the chairman of the committee, that the com-
mittee has utterly failed to discover a single
fact to bear out the preamble to the resolution
under which the investigation was instituted.
As a member of the committee, there can be
no impropriety after what has passed, in my
saying that we have examined patiently and
thoroughly every witness who professes to
have any positive knowledge of the origin and
progress of the so called "negotiations'' be-
tween the President and certain members of
Congress, and I aver that tke result of that
examination is, that the conduct of all con-
cerned in the consultations and conferences,
characterized in the preamble to the resolution
under which we acted, as '' corrupt bargain-
ing," has not been proven to have been in the
slightest degree corrupt or culpable, or open
even to the suspicion of criminality; but, on
the contrary, all the developments exhibit
earnest and honorable efforts on their part to
effect a patriotic purpose; and their conduct
so far from being reprehensible, is worthy of
all imitation.
The preamble to the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Illinois is thus phrased:
Whereas the President of the United States has
been impeached by a member of this Houso of high
crimes and misdemeanors; and the Committee on tho
Judiciary has been instructed to examine into such
high crimes and misdemeanors, with power to send
for persons and papers, and to report to this House
the result of such investigation; and whereas while
the said Committee on the Judiciary are examining
witnesses with relation to such high crimes and mis-
demeanors of which the President is charged, with a
view of making a report for the action of the House,
it has for some time been rumored, and it has been
lately asserted in the public newspapers, that certain
members of this House, who will be required to act
impartially upon such report, are holding private
meetings with a view to corruptly bargaining in vio-
lation of their oaths, and are pledging themselves in
advance to act adversely upon said report if it should
be unfavorable to the President, and also to act
adversely to certain other measures now before this
House, provided the President agrees to do certain
things to which he has heretofore been opposed, and
j to refrain from doing certain things which he was in
favor of doing.
! Perhaps it may be thought, Mr. Speaker,
that the committee owe some sort of apology
to the House for having "toiled all night," and
caught—nothing. [Laughter.] Perhaps the
public expectation, after such "thundering in
the index," would have been better met if the
committee could have unfolded so horrible a
tale of corruption and official perjury as would
have made each particular hair on every pa-
triotic head to stand on end. [Laughter.] Cer-
tainly, after so grand a flourish of trumpets as
that with which lance was seized and poised for a
magnificent charge against all who should dare
to compromise the honor and purity and dignity
of this House, (of all of which we are habitually
very jealous, Mr. Speaker,) it is rather unsatis-
factory to find that none of the parties so fear-
fully menaced have been doing any of the wicked
things of which Madame Rumor had prejudged
them guilty. But in sheer justice to the com-
mittee, Mr. Speaker, I must be permitted to say
that for the paucity of trophies in this campaign
against " corruption" the committee are by no
means responsible. They spared no pains to
find ugly facts, if ugly facts there should chance
to be. The witnesses were given abundant
opportunities for divulging all that might go
to criminate either the President or "certain
members of this House." They were search-
ingly cross-examined and wearied by iteration
and reiteration of questions; but they could
not be brought up to the mark of seeing or sus-
pecting any other than honorable motive or
patriotic object in those whose proceedings they
detailed. With the formidable preamble be-
fore their eyes they could tell us nothing of
" corrupt bargains" or "violations of oaths;"
and in answer to direct inquiries propounded
by myself they testified that the subject of
" impeachment of the President" was not dis-
cussed or mentioned "in any shape or form"
at any time by those who were in conference
and consultation with the sole view and hope
of devising some plan upon which Congress
and the President could agree for the restora-
tion of the Union. They were pressed sorely
upon all these points, but they contumaciously
failed to make their testimony conform to the
indictment. The witnesses were all gentlemen
of intelligence, and some of them I know to be
gentlemen of high character; but they were,
unfortunately for the "facts" in the preamble,
drearily destitute of imagination and sadly de-
ficient in the faculty of invention. [Laughter.]
I think, Mr. Speaker, that with a different style
of witnesses we could have succeeded better,
and made things pleasant generally. There is
a gentleman now in this city, the guest of a
Government official, who, if the House shall
determine to proceed with this investigation,
might be summoned by the committee. He is
a modest gentleman, and lately of very retiring
habits ; but I believe that if hi^ host could be
induced for a short time to forego the pleas-
ure of his society he would gladly come out
on this occasion, and prove anything desired
against members of this House or the Presi-
dent. His name I will give you confidentially
it is Sanford Conover. [Laughter.] He
would be found fntrih and " conformable."
Now, Mr. Speaker, as the committee charged
with this investigation have examined the par-
ties by whom the late interviews between tne
President and Congress were originated and
