140
THE CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE.
December 14,
ter. ] If they pat on their wedding garments
they can come to the feast; otherwise they must
remain in their present outer darkness where
they are weeping, wailing, and gnashing their
teeth. [Laughter.] And I am willing, when
the constitutional amendment shall have been
adopted, to give universal amnesty for univer-
sal suffrage, but not before.
•: The President dwells upon the efficacy of
the test oath ia keeping traitors but of Congress. *
I have but very little confidence in it. The
fact thatsoimany traitors have been elected to
both the House and Senate, with their own con-
sent, over Union men is proof that they all mean
to take the oath. Every man who went into
tire' rebellion after taking the oath to support
the. Constitution of the United States perjured
himself; and why should he hesitate to peijure
himself again? I know it is contended that
tbey believed that the Constitution ofthe United
States j ustified secession. W ho knows but they
will renew their oath under the same construc-
tion? The case of the Tennessee Senator
should be a warning to ns when the potency cf
the test oath is quoted. The Senator-elect, a
son-in-law of the President, having a delicacy
about taking the oath, the Senate in its extreme
weakness, [immense laughter,] modified the
oath for his benefit. This House by a strict
party vote refused to concur. The Senator
then took the oath notwithstanding his prior
delicacy. So I fear will it be in cases still
stronger than his. They will try to have the
test oath modified or repealed, ard their north-
ern allies will aid them. But, failin'g in this,
they will swallow the oath like an oyster.
[Great laughter. ] Besides, I believe the Pres-
ident is ill favor of repealing the oath. I know
his supporters are.
Bat we are asked what is to become of these
States lately in rebellion if they do not secure
their representation by the adoption of the
constitutional amendment? As well might we
ask what is to become of 'the people of this
District or any of the Territories if they do not
secure their representation? Without going
into details, I will define my own position in
general terms by quoting another fable which
seems adapted expressly to the present condi-
tion of things.
A traveler was one day accosted by a snake
from under a rock, asking to be let out. The
traveler at first was afraid of the consequences,
and told the snake that he was afraid he would
bite him if he was let out. The snake asserted
that he had been und%r the rock a long time,
that he regretted his natural propensities, and
was resolved hereafter to effectually control
them. After much parleying the traveler com-
passionately removed the rock, and he and the
snake- traveled along some distance agreeably
together. Finally, the snake said that he felt
like biting somebody; that he might not bite
the traveler, but that his venomous propen-
sities had returned with such strength that
he could not much longer control himself.
[Laughter. ] He contended that the promise
he had made was made under duress; that God
had made him for a snakes, that he had no other
functions to perform th,an those of a snake.
The traveler entreated him to control himself
and reminded him of his original promise.
The matter was finally compromised by agree-
ing to leave the question in dispute between
them to the first three animals they should
meet. The first was the wolf. He decided
that the snake was restored to his original
rights, and that his promise made while under
duress was not binding. The next animal met
was the lamb, who decided in favor of the
traveler, and was in favor of peace among all
animals. The third animal met was the fox.
Before he could give his opinion he wanted to
survey the original premises. Upon reaching
them he asked the snake to lay down in exactly
the position he was in when the traveler found
him. He then asked the traveler to .place the
rock as it originally was. ' This being-done,
be said: "This case requires great dolibera-
j and we must take time to consider it,"
And so he and the traveler pasred on. [Great
laughter in the House and galleries.]
Upon all questions growing out of the rebel-
lion, it is evident-, that the President will be
impotent for the remainder of his term; and
he may as well reserve his vetoes for legisla-
tion upon other subjects where they will be
needed and where they can bo sustained. He
has in his message ealled our attention to the
necessity of "carrying into every department
of the Govern meat a system of rigid accounta-
bility, thorough retrenchment, and wise econ-
omy." I call hit attention to the same sub-
ject, [laughter,] and I shall be .happy to
cooperate with him in that respect. I fear
that his language upon the subject of economy
will be as meaningless as that concerning
making treason odious. It certainly proved
so at the last session. But he will have an
opportunity to redeem himself in this respect
at the present session. A few weeks will
determine whether the proverb applies to him
of' lFcdsus in imo, in omnibus falsus.'' [Great
laughter.] For never were the signs so omi-
nous of a powerful combination to increase
the public debt and postpone its payment, to
continue the. suspension of specie payments,
to donate money to questionable railroad com-
panies who already-have large grants of land,
and to make - extravagant appropriations to
questionable objects. This country is in more
danger to-day from>extravagance and corrup-
tion than it.ever was from the rebellion. In
fact, more Governments have been overthrown
by corruption than by arms. A distinguished
historian says that all republics have fallen by j
their own corruption. Will not Andrew John- i
son stretch out his arm in time to save ours?
The President indorses the report ^of the
Secretary of the Treasury. In that report I
find the following:  
"After the proper and necessary reductions shall
have been made, the revenues will doubtless be suffi-
cient, if the Government.shall be economical]}'admin-
istered, to pay the current expenses, the interest on
the public debt, and reduce the principal at the rate of
from four to five millions per month. In order that
this jnay be done, however, there must be noaddi-
tional donations to railroads, no payments but in the
fulfillment of contracts, and no unnecessary expend-
itures of money for any purpose whatever."
Now, if the President wishes to redeem him-
self and to make treason to the best financial
interests of the country odious, let him use his
veto in instances where he is sure of the sup-
port of at least one third of this House.
I reserve any remarks upon the financial
necessities of the country for a more appro-
priate occasion. But while referring to the
recent report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
let me call attention to the fifth remedy he
proposes for the financial embarrassment of
the country, namely: "The rehabilitation of
the southern States.:' I have read with the same
respect that I always entertain for his opinions
what he says upon this subject.; and I can find
nothing there that does not apply with equal '
force to the District of Columbia, to Nebraska,
to Colorado, or to any of our Territories, all of
which are taxed but have no votes in Congress.
If, however, it will be of any service to the
Secretary in making his financial calculations,
he can take it for granted that Congress has
done all it intends doing with reference to
"the rehabilitation" of the States recently in
insurrection. It has done all that it dare do
with reference to unmistakable public opinion.
From his relation to the President, he can do
more toward their "rehabilitation" than
Congress can. Let him use his influence for
what he says he considers a desirable financial
object. Let him persuade the rebel States to
adopt the constitutional amendment. Let him
tell them that the feast is now ready, that the
doors of Congress are now open, and that it is
only necessary for them to put on their wed-
ding garments to come in and enjoy liberty,
equality, and fraternity on earth, as it is in
Heaven.
Mr. HISE. Mr. Chairman, it is not my pur-
pose by any means to become the eulogist of
the President, or to indulge in uny hyperbolical
eulogy of the present President of the United,
States, either before or since he became Pres-
ident. I would, however, say that upon aj
close observation of the course of the Presi-
dent since he has become such, I believe that he
has been governed by high and patriotic mo-
tives, and further than that, I believe that his
communications to Congress and the doetrines
and policy which he has rccomm ended in -his
messages indicate that degree of moderation
and wisdom which is peculiarly adapted to- the
present crisis and the circumstances now sur-
rounding the country. ;
But, sir, my main object is not to praise the
President.- I do not intend to be committed
in any manner to any party that acknowledges
him as its leader. I confine the expression of
my approbation only to the course which he
has pursued since, owing to the lamenteddeath
of his predecessor, he has become President of
the United States.
My main object, sir, in seeking the floor in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, where alone we have an opportunity
for discussion, has been for the purpose of
discussing the subjects presented in the firat
portion ofthe President's message, to wit, the
right of the States that were in insurrection,
ten in number, to be represented in tie House
of Representatives of the United States, and
to have their two Senators on the floor of the
United States Senate. I propose to discuss
the right of those States to be represented in
both branches of the American Congress. That
is one subject that I wish to consider. Another
subject is the questions that arise under the
pt^slic policy indicated by the bill intended to
restrict the appointing and removing power of
the President of the United States. Another
bill, I believe, has been reported to the House
in regard to the system of excise or internal
taxes and the patronage that arises under that
system; to confer that patronage in substance
upon an independent department of the Gov-
ernment ; to take the appointment of the officers
provided for by the bill, some of whom have
large salaries, from the executive department,
and to confer it upon the Chief Justice with the
consent of the associate judges of the Supreme.
Court of the United States. I want to have a
full opportunity to oppose that bill in Com-
mittee of the Whole, inasmuch as I find that
it is exceedingly difficult for any one on this
side of the House to get the floor to discuss
any of these bills when they are up for consid-
eration and action iu the House.
I wish also to have the opportunity in Com-
mittee of the Whole to consider and discuss
another bill, to wit, the bill which proposes to
deprive the States lately in rebellion of the
right to vote for President and Vice-President
until they shall be permitted by the law-
making power of this Government to be
represented in Congress.
These are the matters I propose to dis-
cuss. But inasmuch as the House has
already listened to one speech to-day in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and inasmuch as it will
be impossible for me to go fully into the dis-
cussion this afternoon, I will ask the indulgence
of the Committee to rise, so that I may have
possession of the floor wheh the House shall
again resume the consideration of the Presi-
dent's message. 1 therefore move that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. KELLEY. I would suggest that there
may bo some other gentleman here who is
ready to go on at this time. He might address
the committee now with the understanding
that when we again go into the Committee of
the Whole the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr,
Hisb] shall be entitled to the floor, 1 do not
desire to show any discourtesy to that gentleman.
Mr, HISE. feather than that course should
be pursued, I will proceed now, although I
would prefer to make my remarks some other
time. But an old man like myself gets
exhausted after these lengthy sessions, espe-
cially toward the dinner hour.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. . I
