1*880.
TH® CONGRESSI0NMj GLOBE.
a-suggestion to make which wiil pob&W re-
move the difficulty. If the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Hist:] will yield to some other
gentleman -who may bfe ready te address the
committee this afternoon,,at th« close of that
geotleman'sremarka he can again- obtain .the
floor, and address the committee when the
House shall next resold iis^lf into the Com-
mittee of .the Whole.>
• - Mr. KELLEY. My suggestion was the
satfte as that made by my" colleague, [Mr.
RaK AI>i,. ] I did' not intend or desire to show
ariv discourtesy to. the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. IIise.] If there be nobody else
■Who desires to occupy the floor this afternoon,
of course I will not appose the motion that the
committee now ri^.
The question was upon the- motion of Mr.
Hise, that the committee now rise.-
■ The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. -Van Hoba',
of Now York, reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union having
had under consideration the President's annual
message had come to no resolution thereon.
new orleans riots.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee: I ask to be
excused from further service upon the select
committee appointed to investigate the riots at
New Orleans. I ask it upon the ground that
my- State has but recently been permitted rep-
resentation upon this floor, and the business
Of my constituency has accumulated to such
an extent during the past five, or six years that
it needs my personal attention in Washington.
No objection was made.
iThe SPEAKER appointed Mr. Hibam Mc-
ctiklouoh, of Maryland, to fill the vacancy.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee 011
Appropriations, reported a bill making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1867; which
was read a first and second time, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I reserve the right
to make points of order on this bill when it
shall come up for consideration.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and be made the spe-
cial order for Tuesday next after the morning
hour, and from day to day until disposed o£
The motion was agreed to.
colonel l. f. fix.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that Colonel L.
P. Fix have leave to withdraw from the files
of the House the petition and papers in his
case, upon the usual condition that he leave
copies of the same.
The motion was agreed to.
hale and rust, covington, kentucky.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee of Ways and Means, made
an adverse report upon the petition of Hale
& Rust, Covington, Kentucky, asking exten-
sion of the time in which to pay tax upon
manufactured tobacco ; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
adjustment of postmasters' accounts.
Mr. BIDWELL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to provide for the adjustment
of the accounts of postmasters under the act
of July 27, 1854; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
011 the Post Office and Post Roads.
allowance of extra rations.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to place all officers of the Army on
the same footing therein as to allowances of
extra rations for volunteer service ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
t. p.. dkvkkeaux, north carolina.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, made
an a<f?e?£fc report ftom the Committee on
Freedraen's Affairs upon the petition of T. P.
DevereauXj Halifax, North Carolina, for relief
on accoont of slaves set free by the proclama-
tion of emancipation; which was laid upon the
table, and: ordered to be printed.
01? pension laws.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered and agreed to:
. Resolved, -Thatthe Committee an Invalid Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency ofamend-
ing the pension laws so &sto provide that in all cases
where it'is proved to the satisfaction Of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions that any soldier of the Army of the
United States, during the rebellion, died in any rebel
prison it shall for all purposes of pensions in Such
eases be deemed prima facie that such soldier died of
disease contracted-in the service of the United States
in the line of his duty.
lieutenant joseph V. fyffe,
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask unani-
mous consent to report from the Committee on
Naval Affairs a joint resolution for the res-
toration of Lieutenant Joseph P. Fyffe, of the
United States Navy, to the active list from the
reserved list.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object.
dokence atwateu.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, submit-
.ted the following resolution j which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the select committee on the case of
Dorence Atwater, appointed pursuant to resolution
of this House of last session, be continued for the
present session with the same powers.
AMENDMENT OF MILITARY LAWS-
Mr. ANDEE.SON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution j which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
repealing,-section twenty-five of an act approved
July 28,1866, to increase and fix the military peace
establishment of the United States.
claims olf loyal tennesseeans.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That a resolution passed by the House
on the 18th day of January, 1866, in the substance
following: "That until otherwise ordered, the Com-
mittee of Claims be instructed to reject all claims
referred to them for examination by citizens of any
of the States lately in rebellion, growing out of the
destruction or appropriation of, or damages to, prop-
erty by the Army or Navy, while ongaged in sup-
pressing the rebellionbe and the same is so modi-
fied as not to embrace any claims presented by loyal
citizens of Tennessee.
Mr. THAYER and Mr. WARD, of New
York, objected.
Mr. DELANO. I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the Private Cajendar.
Mr. LE BLOND. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed toand thereupon
(at three o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITION?, ETC.
The following petitions. &c., were presented under
the rules, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio: The petition of Bar
Behymer, asking pay for military service rendered
the Government in 1864. *
By Mr. DENNY: The petition of Captain J.
Thomas Turner, for travel pay from Baltimore to San
Francisco.
By Mr. GRl'SWOLD: The petition of Jacob Sharon
and Albert C. Corse, for compensation for machine
for post-markine of letters, <fcc.
By Mr. HARDING, of Illinois: The memorial of
300citizens of Illinois, foradditional protectiveduties
for grape and wine producers.
By Mr. MellUER: The meraorialof convention of
grape and wine-jrroweis of Califoma.
By Mr. MOORIIEAD: Several petitions signed by
the clerks and civil employes of the Executive De-
partments, praying for an increase of compensation.
By Mr. PIKE: The petition of Robert T. Osgood
for extension of Jettcrs-patent.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of A. S. Dyckinan,
and 71 others, citizens of South Havon, Van Buren
county, Michigan, praying Congress for an appropri-
ation of $50,000 to complete their harbor at South
Haven, at the mouth of South Black river.
_ IN SENATE.
Monday, December W, 18661 ; ;
Prayer by tlie Chaplain, fier. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved. " '
executive communications. . s
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of' the Secretary of War,
communicating, in compliance " with a resola-
tion of the Senate of the <3th instant, informa-
tion in relation to the appointment of commis-
sioners provided for in the twenty-fourth section
of an act to amend an act entitled " An act
for enrolling and calling out the national
forces, approved March 3, 1863," approved
February 24, 1864; which was referred to tlie
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Treasury, inclosjng a com 
mnnication from the acting Comptroller of the
Currency, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 13th instant,
information in relation to banking associa-
tions which have failed to comply with the pro-
visions of law requiring a reserve of money on
hand-, which .was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SUMNER. I have received from Nor-
folk the proceedings of a grand mass meeting
of the unconditional Union men without regard
to color, held at the First Baptist church, De-
cember 11, 1866, and signed by the president,
vice president, and secretaries of the meeting.
I have been requested to present these proceed-
ings to the Senate. They are in the nature of
a petition, as one of the resolutions expressly
declares that the proceedings are to be submitted
to the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America. In these care-
fully prepared resolutions there is a solemn
protest against what are called the countless
insults, persecutions, and tyrannical punish-
ments of themselves and their loyal friends and
neighbors; and they further say that they most
positively refuse to recognize any civil govern-
ment as now existing within the insurrectionary
territory of Virginia. They further say:
" That we earnestly pray that Consrress ignore the
so-called State government of which Francis H. Peir-
point is the ostensible head, hut which is ruled by
rebels, and establish in its stead a loyal territorial
government with some staunch and firm friend of the
Union as territorial governor. Hon. John C. Under-
wood, now judge of the United States court, we would
recommend to your especial consideration."
They further say:
" That if Congress will assume the exercise of their
right to regulate the establishment of free government
in the South these territories will assume a healthful
and vigorous s'upport of a republican form of govern-
ment.*'
There are some reasons for a reference of
these proceedings, with the accompanying me-
morial, to the Committee on Territories, as the
signers ask that the State of Virginia should be
treated as aTerritory and provided with aproper
Governor and other officers; butasl understand
that the committee known as the reconstruction
committee is still in existence I shall ask the ref-
erence of this paper to that committee.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I object to the recep-
tion of that paper. It is, as I understand, the
proceedings of a public meeting held in Nor-
folk, Virginia. Since I have been a member
of this body I have known the proceedings of
public meetings not to be received by the Sen-
ate of the United States because they were not
in the character of a memorial addressed to the
Senate of the United States. I make the point
that, under the rules of the Senate, the pro-
ceedings of that meeting cannot be received,
the paper not being a petition or a'memorial
addressed to the Senate of the United States
but simply the proceedings of a public meet-
ing. The President will recollect. 1 have no
doubt, that on several occasions the proceed-
ings of public meetings have been presented to
the body and been refused to be received by the
body on the ground I have stated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
