906
THE COMPRESSION Air GLOBE.
January 31,
I hope the Senate will not deem me persist-
ent in urging an increase on this article unrea-
sonably. I am satisfied now, as I was when I
made the original motion, that five cents per
pound is as small a duty as should be placed
upon this article with a view to a proper pro-
tection on the home manufacture.
Mr. FESSENDEN. . If nobody else objects
to this increase I will not.
Mr. CRESWELL. Then I hope the amend-
ment will be adopted, so as to make that duty
four and a half cents. It seems to be accept-
able to the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FRELING-HUYSEN. I now renew
the amendment which I withdrew a few mo-
merits since.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall make no ob-
jection to it.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend, by strik-
ing out on page 16, line eleven, of section four,
all of that clause after the word "specified,"
and to insert:
Valued at one dollar or less per pound, fifty cents
per pound specific, and, in addition thereto,thirty-five
per cent, ad valorem. ,* valued at over one dollar, and
less than $1 50 per pound, fifty cents per pound, and,
in addition thereto, forty per cent, ad valorem; val-
ued' at over SI 50 per pound, fifty cents per pound,
and, in addition thereto, forty-live per cent, ad va-
lorem.
The clause which I move to amend relates
to the duty on " broadcloths, cloakings, cassi-
meres, ladies' cloths, doeskins, tricots,and all
other fulled or felted goods or fabrics, woolen
shawls, flannels, and all manufactures of wool
of eyery description, made wholly or in part of
wool, not herein otherwise specified." This
clause covers more than two thirds of the
woolen interests of the country. When the
arrangement was made with the wool-growers,
with whom this special matter originated, and
it was agreed that ten cents a pound and ten
per cent, ad valorem should be levied on im-
ported wool, the committee said in .their re-
port, which is quoted by the commissioner:
Nothing less than a specific duty of fifty-three
cents per pound on such manufactures will be suffi-
cient to place the manufacturer in the same posi-
tion as if ho had his raw mateiial free of duty, a pro-
tection which he must demand as an imperative
necessity for tho preservation of his industry.
The House of -Representatives cut this down
from fifty-three cents specific to fifty, and the
bill of the Senate committee reduces that from
fifty to forty-five, and the reason given for that
reduction, as I understand, is that the dye-stuffs
are placed in the free list. I will simply say
that the dye-stuffs are a very small part of the
cost, a mere trifle, and putting them on the
free list does not compensate or begin to com-
pensate for this reduction of five cents. I un-
derstand also that the class of goods named in
this paragraph are mostly made out of imported
wools that cost on an average about fourteen
cents per pound. Almost all this wool costs
from thirteen to sixteen cents, averaging about
fourteen cents per pound, and the duty upon
that is about eighty per cent., being ten cents
a pound and ten per cent, ad valorem. Sup-
pose the wool average fifteen cents, and it take
four pounds of wool to make a pound of cloth.
l?orty-five cents a pound duty is put upon the
manufactured article to offset the increase of
duty on the wool, and then there is beside
thirty-five per cent, ad valorem, ten per cent,
of that will go to pay the internal revenue, leav-
ing just twenty-five per cent.; and that in view
of all the cheating through the custom-houses
will leave a very small percentage for protection.
I have made in my amendment a classifica-
tion, according to which I propose to grade the
duties. It is that on all these goods the spe-
cific duty shall be fifty cents, -as the House of
Representatives agreed, instead of forty-five
cents, and, in addition, oil those worth less than
a dollar a pound, thirty-five per cent, ad va-
lorem, just the same ad valorem fixed in the
bill for this class which furnishes a large
amount of the importations of goods with which
the mass of the people are clothed ;' forty per
cent, ad valorem on those worth between a
dollar and a dollar and a half a pound ; and
forty-five per cent, ad valorem on those above
a dollar and a half a pound, these being the
finer classes of broadcloths and cassimeres.
The labor entering into the cheaper class of
goods is about twenty per cent. ; on the more
costly goods, the finer classes, the labor is about
forty-five per cent. How do you protect labor
when you put the same duty on goods of the
cost of which labor constitutes twenty percent,
that you put on goods of the cost of which
labor constitutes forty-five per cent. ? This
classification is based on sound principles, and
I believe the adoption of this amendment will
save two thirds of the woolen manufacturers
of the country. I believe further that if the bill
passes as it now stands, while the manufactur-
ers of worsteds and carpets will be benefited,
the class of manufacturers specified in this
paragraph, those who manufacture doeskins,
cassimeres, broadcloths, women's dress-goods,
will lose hundreds of thousands of dollars, and
thousands of men will be discharged from em-
ployment in thirty days. On these articles this
bill as it stands is from seven to ten per cent,
worse for the manufactui%rs than the present
tariff law. About one third of the woolen
manufacturers of the country, engaged in man-
ufacturing the articles specified in the para-
graph following this one which I move to
amend, will be benefited at the expense of the
manufacturers of the articles mentioned here,
which make up two thirds of the woolen inter-
ests of this country.
I hope the Senate will adopt this amend-
ment. We have put the duty on wool at what
has been asked; and so in regard to wheat,
barley, and I may say everything. We do not
have any raw materials now-a-aays. On this
bill I have not heard of a raw material; but
when we get up the internal revenue bill I
think we shall find that pretty much every
thing is a raw material. This amendment is
based on sound principles; it makes a proper
discrimination. It protects the skilled labor
of the country that goes into the manufacture
of the finer classes of goods that are worn by
those who can afford to pay this increased duty,
and it leaves the cheaper articles where they
now are.
Mr. YATES. I had intended this morning
to offer an amendment by way of showing my
position on this bill generally, and it was in
relation to the duty on wool. As I now have
the opportunity upon the amendment which
has been offered by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to present my views, I am not so
particular about the amendment which I in-
tended to propose. I now discover from the
amendment which the Senator has moved
some clue to the remarks which he made yes-
terday. If this amendment was offered by him
with a view of perfecting the bill and then sup-
porting it, I could entertain a more favorable
impression in regard to it; but I imagine that
even if we should adopt the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts he would be un-
willing to support this bill. It seems to me
that he has a sort of prejudice against what we
call wool. He said yesterday that this was not a
Massachusetts bill. Sir, I say it is not a Massa-
chusetts bill. Were it a Massachusetts bill I
certainly should not support it. I support it
because it is a United States bill, including
Massachusetts as well as Illinois, and every
other State in the Union. He said it was not
a Massachusetts bill because it not only pro-
tected textile fabrics, such as are made by the
looms and factories of Massachusetts, but also
embraced coal and iron and steel and wool.
Sir, we have had tariffs for Massachusetts
long enough; in my humble estimation it is
time that we had a tariff for Illinois, a tariff
for the United States, as well as for Massachu-
setts. We now find the two honorable Senators
from Massachusetts, (whom I have always re-
garded as high protective tariff men, from
whom I may say I have learned the lessons
that have led me to adopt the views I entertain
upon the subject of protection,) denouncing
this bill because it is not a Massachusetts bill.
One of the honorable Senators is for cheap
coal; the other honorablq Senator is for cheap
wool, The one honorable Senator does not
want protection upon coal, because the people
of Massachusetts would then have to pay a
duty upon coal, and it would diminish the prof-
its of the manufacturer to that extent. The
other honorable Senator does not want any duty
on coal, on iron, on steel, or on wool, be-
cause that will diminish the profits of the man-
ufacturer to that extent. Sir, if so, I should like
to know what becomes of the protective theory?
If we have a duty upon wool, and we thereby in-
crease to a large extent the amount of ourflocks
add herds in the West, thus adding to the gen-
eral wealth and prosperity, I should like to know
what becomes of the old tariff doctrine which
we have taught heretofore? Does that duty
increase the price of the article to the con-
sumer? Docs not the fact that we can have
more sheep and more cattle, that our farmers
can go more extensively into grazing and can
extend the supply, enable them in time to sell
cheaper? Is not that as sound as the old tariff
doctrine, that we will protect our manufactur-
ing establishments in order to enable the
article to be finally spread through the coun-
try cheaper to the consumer?
Mr. President, I ask why we shall not pro-
tect our coal if we protect our manufacturing
establishments; and I ask why we shall not
protect our wool, the sheep upon our western
forests raised by the farmer there. I have
occupied all positions, I believe, in my past
life upon this tariff question. I think in my
younger days I was for a prohibitory tariff;
then I was for a tariff for protection upon the
principle of developing the resources of the
country and encouraging the industrial inter-
ests of the country as against foreign com-
petition, upon the principle of providin
home market, upon the principle of giving em-
ployment to millions of hands in America in-
stead of in Europe. I had even the dream
of Mr. 0!ay, of Mr. Webster, and of Mr. Col-
lamer, and those men who believed that by a
protective tariff we might make this the might-
iest nation of the earth, dependent upon no
nation for its supplies in peace or in war. I
am loath to give up that principle yet. I can-
not see now why we may not, with a country
so rich in ores, so abundant in its capacities
of every kind, dig our own iron out of the
earth, and give employment to our own hands
and work up that iron, run our own mills, de-
velop our resources. And yet I must confess
that while I still maintain the theory of pro-
tection, so difficult and so sinuous is legislation
upon the subject as even to make me fear the
attempt to apply it. Although the theory is
right, the application is so difficult; it is so dif-
ficult to act so as to produce fairness and im-
partiality between different sections and inter-
ests, as almost to shake my faith in the theory
itself. And, sir, when I can see Massachusetts,
where the protective system was rocked in its
cradle of infancy, object now to protection to
wool, or, because protection is given to wool,
seek to increase unduly the protection given to
manufacturers, I confess that my faith fails me
to some extent.
I will say to the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts that the best argument which
has been introduced in favor of this bill is what
he considers its weakest point, and that is that
it protects not only the fabrics that are manu-
factured in the factories and by the looms of
New England, but because it embraces coal,
iron, steel, and wool; it embraces every inter-
est of the country; it is as wide and compre-
hensive in its scope as the country itself.
The honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Hesdricks] said the other day, "When this
measure comes before the people it will fail; "
and if we refer to the history of our tariffs we
must remember that not one as yet has ever
met with the approbation and sanction of the
American people. Even the tariff of 1828,
which cost the highest efforts and energies of
