142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
being made to the reception of the paper, the
Chair willpnt the question to the Senate: Shall
"the document offered by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts be received ?
' Mr. SUMNER. On that I will make one
word of explanation. I think the Senator from
Delaware did not understand precisely my
statement with regard to the paper. I am well
aware of the rule to which the Senator has
called attention. Had these been simply the
proceedings of a public meeting I should not
have ventured to present them. It was because
on examining the document carefully it ap-
pealed to be in the nature of a petition to Con-
gress—the concluding words of the resolutions
adopted are especially addressed to Congress
and are in the nature of a petition—it was on
that account, after careful consideration of the
document, that I felt it to be my duty to pre-
sent it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the document offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts be received ?
The question being put, it was decided in the
affirmative.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The docu-
ment is received, and will be referred to the
joint committee on reconstruction if there be
no objection. t
Mr. WADE. I present the memorial of J.
W. Phelps, representing that he has been for
many years an owner of real estate in the city
and county of Alexandria, which city and county,
though rightly belonging to the District of
Columbia, have been transferred to the State
of Virginia. He goes on to set forth that the
people there have but little confidence in the
courts of justice of that State, and that there
are other very strong reasons inducing them to
desire to get back to the District. Believing
that the aet of retrocession was unconstitu-
tional, he prays that that act may be annulled
and that part of the District reinstated. As
there is a bill on that subject before the Sen-
ate, I move that this memorial lie upon the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I present also a petition,
numerously signed, from citizens of the United
States—I do not know what part—who pray
Congress—
"X. To propose for ratification by tlxe several States
an amendment of the Constitution substantially as
follows:
"Article —. No inequality among citizens on
account of birth, race, color, previous inequality, or
previous non-residence beyond the preceding year,
shall be made or recognized bythe laws of theUnited
States, or by the constitution, laws, or municipal
regulations of any part thereof. The Congress shall
have the power to enforce this article by appropriate
legislation.
2. To remove, by immediate legislation, any such
inefiiality from the District of Columbia, th&Terri-
tories, and the ten unrestored States, and to take
all necessary measures for peace, order, justice, and
the security of life, liberty, and property in the same."
I move the reference of this petition to the
committee on reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Major General Winfield S. Hancock and other
officers of the Army of the United States, pray-
ing for the restoration of the law which allowed
fifty cents instead of thirty cents as the com-
mutation price for rations; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
■ Mr. POLAND. I present a petition signed
by R. G. W. Logan and a large number of
other persons, all of whom represent that they
have served in the Army of the United States
in the late rebellion, and that all of them have
been sufferers by the loss of property taken for
the use of the Army of the United States,
praying for the passage of some law providing
a means of compensating them. Similar peti-
tions were before the Judiciary Committee of
the Senate during the last session, and a bill
was reported upon that subject, which is now
pending. For the present I move that this
petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY presented the memorial of
B. A. Froiseth, of St. Paul, Minnesota, pray-
ing for the adoption of a system by law to
encourage foreign immigration; which was
referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr, COWAN presented the petition of Hack-
enburg & Co., Reynolds & Fisher, and a large
number of ribbon manufacturers, silk throw-
sters, dyers, dealers, aivd others interested, pray-
ing for such a change in the tariff law as will
impose a specific duty on thrown silk and silk
cloths of every description, or so much increase
the present rate of ad valorem duty as shall
bear some comparison with the higher cost of
labor, and that will maintain in some degree
the respectability ardently sought for by the
American artisan; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of seamen,
firemen, coal-passers, and marines who served
in the defense of the Union during the rebellion,
praying for a bounty of $100 a year or eight
and one third dollars a month while in the ser-
vice ; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. JOHNSON. I present the memorial
of John A. Ragan, a native of Georgia, who
says that he has discovered a plan to prevent
the inundations of the Mississippi river, which
consists in making canals of different kinds in
different portions of the country connected with
the river, and he asks that the United States
will cause a reconnoissance to be made and
appropriate money for that purpose, and to
assist also in making the canals. 1 move its
reference to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 205) for
the erection of a statue to the memory of Bre-
vet Lieutenant General Winfield Scott, reported
it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
192) relative to certain flags captured during
the late war, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and moved that the joint
resolution be indefinitely postponed; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the bill (S. No. 67) to increase
and fix the military peace establishment of the
United States, and the bill (S. No. 323) to fix
the military peace establishment of the United
States, asked to be discharged from their fur-
ther consideration, and that the bills be indefi-
nitely postponed, the subject-matter of them
having been acted upon heretofore in other
forms; which was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
213) for the relief of John H. Ellis, a paymas-
ter in the United States Arm}', reported it with
an amendment, and submitted a report; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 346) for the
relief of Hugh Leddy, reported it without
amendment, and submitted a report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred
the petition tif Mary M. Taylor, praying that
certain lands in the island of St. Helena,
parish of St. Helena, South Carolina, may be
delivered to her upon the payment of the taxes
due the United States, reported a bill (S. No.
478) for the relief of Mary M. Taylor ; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
VOLUNTEER ARMY REGISTER.
Mr. WILSON, I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 83) respecting the publication of the Vol-
unteer Army Register, to ask that the commit-
tee be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that the resolution be indefinitely
postponed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The q aes-
tion is on concurring in the report of the com-
mittee.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to have
that resolution read. I have no objection to
its being acted upon; but I should like to have
it read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
1'esolvrd, That the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, authorized and required to cause to be can-
celed the volumes of the Boster of Volunteers
already printed, and that the Koster compiled as
directed by the joint resolution approved March 2,
1865, be published in accordance with the plan sub-
mitted by the Superintendent of Public Printing.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs what is the present condition of that
publication, if it is so far auvaoced that it will
be useless to pass this resolution; for I think
the publication is enormously expensive, and
entirely useless on account of being full of
inaccuracies. I am told that there is not one
page in five but what has been canceled after
it has been stereotyped. If it is so far ad-
vanced that the money is nearly all expended,
perhaps it would be useless to pass the resolu-
tion ; but I believe whenever you stop the pub-
lication, all the money that would be required
to finish it will be saved. All that has been
spent upon it has been utterly wasted. I thought
that this resolution passed at the last session.
Mr. WILSON, f will say to the Senator that
after the resolution was introduced a state-
ment was made to the committee by officers in
the Adjutant General's Department, who had
the care of it, that they had made great prog-
ress in the work, and the expense of the pub-
lication would be much less than was supposed;
that there were errors in the first volume, but
they thought they could have a correct one for
the future. I have not examined how the other
volumes compare with the first one. Certainly
the first volume was full of errors on nearly
every page. If the Senator desires it, however,
I am willing to let this resolution lie over, and
I will make inquiries into the exact state of
the publicatien.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would prefer to have it
lie over. That first volume, which purports to
contain a roster of the early regiments, does
not have in it the regiment that marched from.
the Senator's own State, and drew the first
blood in Baltimore: it does not have the regi-
ment that General Burnside commanded, and
which my colleague led into the first Bull Run;
and of all the names I have looked for fully
one third were not there. I think it is not
only a great waste of public money but a
shameful insult to the officers whose names are
left out to publish such a book and call it a
roster. I thought the publication was stopped
at the last session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. ' Objection
being made to the consideration of the resolu-
tion and report at this time, it will lie over
under the rule.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw my motion.
Let it go on the Calendar.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask to be excused from
further service on the Committee on Claims.
It is impossible for me to attend to the duties
of that committee and also the duties of the
other committees with which I am connected.
I therefore ask to be discharged from further
service on that committee, and that the Chair
be authorized to fill the vacancy.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
question will be on excusing the Senator from
further service on the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. ' The Sen-
ator further moves that the vacancy in the
committee be filled by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S,
No. 474) to authorize and require amendments
and to cure defects in proceedings in the courts
