1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
of the United States; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the. Committee on the
Judiciary.
. Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 476) for the relief of William A. Hinshaw
and Jacob M. Hinshaw, minor children of Jacob
M. Hinshaw, deceasea; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions. :
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leaye to introduce a bill (S.
No. 477).to amend an act entitled "An act to
continue, alter; and amend the charter of the
city, of .Washington," approved May 17, 1848;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave td introduce a bill (S.
No. 475) to prevent and punish false and fraud-
ulent representations to induce emigration to a
foreign country; which was read twice by its
title.
^ Mr. SUMNER. I ask the reference on that
bill to the Committee on Foreign Relations;
and in making that motion I desire to make
a brief statement. I have some. important
papers going to show that certain persons
have arrived from foreign countries with the
expectation of treating the free colored people
of the United States very much as coolies have
been treated in other countries. They hope
to obtain a cargo (if I may so express myself)
of free colored persons as coolies. Entering
into some species of contract with them they
hope, under that form, to get the control of
them and virtually to reduce them to a new
form of bondage in a foreign country. It is
on that account that I have asked the reference
°f the bill I introduce to the Committee on
Foreign Relations; but at the same time I
desire to warn the colored people of the coun-
try, so far as I can from my place in this
Chamber, to be on their guard against any
such efforts. From papers now in my hand I
feel confident that there are persons here desir-
ous of treating them as coolies. Let them be
on their guard.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, no objection being interposed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Before the question of
reference is disposed of, I desire to call the
attention of the Senator from Massachusetts
to one point. It seems to me that anything
which makes an act a crime, or imposes a new
penalty for a crime to be treated by statute,
ought to go to the Committee on the Judiciary.
They are familiar with those questions and
those statutes. All such questions have always
gone to the Committee on the Judiciary; for
instance, the question of the kidnapping of
colored persons and taking them abroad went
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and from
that committee a bill was reported and we
enacted it into a law.
Mr. SUMNER. I can at another moment,
if I have an opportunity of seeing my friend
alone, explain to him what he will recognize
as a sufficient reason for this reference. In
moving this reference I believe I have followed
the precedents of the Senate. All the bills
with rei'erence to the slave trade and its aboli-
tion have been considered by the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
deficiency bill.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. McPherson,
its Clerk:
Mr. President, the House of Representatives lias
reconsidered its vote agreeing to the amendments of
the Senate to the hill of the House (H. R. No. 876)
making appropriations and to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the service of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867, and for other
purposes, and it has directed me to return the bill to
the Senate in compliance with its request.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the Seoretary cause the error in the
engrossment of the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 876) this day returned by the House
of Representatives to the Senate to be corrected, and
that he return the said bill and amendments to the
House and request its concurrence in the said amend-
ments.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (S. No. 1) to regulate the elective fran-
chise in the_ District of Columbia; which was
thereupon signed by the President pro tempore
of the Senate.-
bills become laws.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Robert Johnson, his Secre-
tary, announced that he had approved and
signed on the 15th instant the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 308) confirming the title of
Alexis Gardapier to a certain tract of land in
the county of Brown, and State of Wisconsin;
and
A bill (S. No. 373) releasing to Francis S.
Lyon the interest of the United States in cer-
tain lands.
fr^bdmen's bureau.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
furnish, for the information of the Senate, copies of
the reports of the assistant commissioners of the
Ereedmen's Bureau, together with a synopsis of the
local laws respecting persons of color as they now
exist in the late slave States.
bills referred.
On the motion of Mr. PATTERSON, the
bill (S. No. 454) for the relief of the widow of
Jacob Harmon, and the bill (S. No. 455) for
the relief of the widow of Henry Fry, hereto-
fore introduced by him, were taken from the
table and referred to' the Committee on Pen-
sions.
russia and america.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore submitted
the following message from the President of
the United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I communicate a translation of a letter of
the 17th of August last, addressed to me by
His Majesty Alexander, Emperor of Russia",
in reply to the joint resolution of Congress,
approved on the 16th of May, 1866, relative to
the attempted assassination of the emperor, a
certified copy of which was, in compliance
with the request of Congress, forwarded to His
Majesty by the hands of Gustavus V. Fox, late
Assistant Secretary of the Navy of the United
States. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, 14th December, 1866.
[Translation.]
His Majesty the Emperor of Russia to the President of
the United States of America :
Peterhof, 17f7i Auoust, 1866.
I have received from the hands of Mr. Fox the
resolution of the Congress of the United States of
America on the occasion of the providential grace of
which I have been tlie object.
That mark of sympathy has moved me sensibly.
It is not alone personal; it attests once more the
sentiments that bind the American nation to that of
Russia.
The two peoples have no injuries to remember, but
only good relations. Under all circumstances new
proofs of mutual benevolence are added.
These cordial relations are as conducive to their
reciprocal interests as to the good of civilization and
humanity, and answer the designs of divine Provi-
dence, whose will is peace and concord among all
nations.
It gives me a lively pleasure to see these ties con-
stantly strengthened more and more. I have im-
parted my sentiments to Mr. Pox. I pray you to bo
my interpreter to Congress and tho American people
whom it represents. Tell thom how much I appre-
ciate, and with me the whole of Russia, the testi-
monies of friendship they hare given me, and how
happy I will be to see tho American nation grow in
strength and prosperity by the union and constant
practice of the civic virtues that distinguish it.
Accept, at thesamo time, the assurance of tho high
consideration with which I am your good friend,
ALEXANDER.
The message was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
power of amnesty and pakdon.
Mi-. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (H. II.
No. ;828) to repeal section thirteen of an act
to suppress insurrection, to punish treason and
rebellion, to seize and confiscate the property
of rebels, and for other purposes, approved
July 17, 1862. W
Mr. HENDRICKS. I hope the Senator
will not call up that bill at this time. The bill
for the admission of Nebraska as a State wag
before the Senate at its last session,, and I was
submitting to the Senate some remarks on that"
bill at the time of the adjournment on Friday#
When the bill which the Senator from Illinois
calls up comes up I shall desire also to sub-
mit some suggestions on that bill. I do not
wish to discuss both at the same time. I would
rather the Senate would proceed with the Ne-
braska bill if it is going to be considered to-day
at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we may get
through with this bill before one o'clock; we
have twenty minutes yet before that hour. • I
trust the Senate will proceed to its considera-
tion at any rate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I appeal to the Senator
not to call up that bill this morning.. The
other bill was expected to be completed to-day.
Some of us would wish to say something on
the bill that he calls up. If gentlemen desire
to discuss that bill only until one o'clock, and
then take up the Nebraska bill, I do not object
to that, but I do not think there will be any
advance in the consideration of the bill by
taking it up at this time. It can hardly pass
in twenty minutes, I should think.
The motion was agreed to; and House bill
No. 828 was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to have the
thirteenth section of the act of 1862 which it
is proposed to repeal read.
The Secretary read as follows:
"Sec. 13. And be it farther enacted. That the Presi-
dent is hereby authorized afc any time hereafter, by
proclamation, to extend to persons who may have
participated in the existing rebellion in any State or
part thereof pardon and amnesty, with such excep-
tions and at such time and on such conditions as be
may deem expedient for tho public welfare."
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to hear the
honorable chairman of the Judiciary Committee
state what particular reasons there are for
passing this proposed bill. It does nothing
but repeal, as I understand it, one of the sec-
tions of the act of 1862 which gave the Presi-
dent authority in certain cases to grant par-
dons either general or special. I do not know
whether I am right or not, but I have been
under the impression that that power is now
in the Executive by the Constitution; that it
is not conferred by the act of 1862 ; and that
nothing will be accomplished by its repeal. I
suppose that the proposition to repeal the act
was founded on the opinion that without it the
power could not be exercised by the Execu-
tive. I should like to know whether that is the
opinion of the honorable chairman; whether
he proposes to repeal it upon that ground.
Mr. TRUMBULL. M/r. President, I pre-
sume the Senator from Maryland and every
Senator is quite familiar with the constitutional
provision which confers upon the President
authority to grant reprieves and pardons. Of
course, the repeal of this section of the act of
1862 will not repeal the Constitution, and I
suppose no one denies the authority of the
President to grant pardons under the Consti-
tution. The only effect of the passage of the
bill under consideration is to repeal" the thir-
teenth section of the act of July 17, 1862. It
is possible, as has been suggested by the Sen-
ator from Maryland, from the haste with which
this bill was hurried through the other branch
of Congress, and the anxiety manifested in this
body by some of its members to press it to an
immediate vote without the usual reference to
a committee, that an impression has gone out
to the country that by the repeal of this thir-
teenth section the power of the President to
grant pardons and restore to rebels their prop-
erty would be taken away. Such, however,
will not be its effect in my opinion. The Pres-
ident's power to grant pardons and restore
