1584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Maynard
and Raymond were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 67, noes 58.
So the enacting words were stricken out.
Mr. BRANDEGrEE. I move that the com-
mittee now rise and report the bill to the
House with the action of the committee thereon.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Donnelly reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, pursuant to the order of the
House, had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly the special order,
being House bill No. 1184, making appropria-
tions for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications and other works
of defense for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1868, and had directed him to report the same
to the House with the enacting words stricken
out.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed, with amendments, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested, bills
of the following titles:
An act (H. K. No. 1166) to authorize the
building of light-houses therein mentioned, and
for other purposes ; and
An act (H. R. No. 1154) making appropria-
tions for the repair, preservation, and comple-
tion of certain public works heretofore com-
menced under the authority of law, and for other
purposes.
Also, without amendment, an act (H. R. No.
1062), relative to the port of Camden, New
Jersey.
Also, Senate bills of the following titles, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested :
An act (S. No. 609) allowing the duties on
foreign merchandise imported into the port of
Albany to be secured and paid at that place;
An act (S. No. 622) to repeal the provisions
of law authorizing the introduction of foreign
goods into the United States without inspection
at the usual ports of entry ; and
An act (S. No. 557) for the relief of James
Fulton, paymaster United States Navy.
foiitittication bill.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. It. No. 1184) making appropriations
for the construction, preservation, and repairs
of certain fortifications and other works of
defense for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1868, the same having been reported to the
House from the Committee of the Whole with
the enacting words stricken out.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move the previous
question on agreeing to the recommendation
of the Committee of the Whole to strike out
the enacting words.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. KASSON. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 72, nays 79, not voting
30; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Ames, Aneona, Arnell, Baker,
Baldwin, Beaman, Benjamin, Bingham, Boutwell,
Boyer, Brandegee, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland,
Campbell, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Conk-
ling, Cook, Cullom, Delano, Deming, Eldridgo. Far-
quhar, Finck, Glossbrenner, Aaron Harding, Abner
C. Harding Harris Hawkins, Haves, Hill, Hise,
llotculuss, Demas Hubbard, James R. Hubbell Ju-
w-m'-kelt0' Kerr> Kuykendall, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Le Blond, Leftwich,Loan Mar-
shall, Maynard, MeCuUough, Merour, Moulton,
Newell. No ell, Orth, Samuel J. Randall, William H
Randall, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Scofield, Shank]in'
Stilwell, Stokos, Thornton, Trimble, Trowbridge'
Van Aernnm, Andrew H. Ward, Hamilton Ward'
Welker. Whaley, Williams, and Wright-72. '
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Anderson. Banks
Barker, Baxter. Bergen, Bidwell, Blaine, Bundy'
Chanler, Cobb, Cooper, Darling, Davis, Dawes, De-'
Edwin N. Hubbell, Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter
Jenckes, Kasson, Kelley, Ketoham, Koontz, Laflin,
Latham, Lynch, Marvin, McCinrg, Melndoe, Mc-
Ruer, Moorhcad, Morrill, Morris, Myers, Niblack,
Nicholson, O'Neill, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike,
Pomeroy, Radford, Raymond, Alexander II. Rice,
Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Sitgreaves, Spaldmg, Sto-
vens, Strouse, Tnber, Francis Thomas, Upson, Burt
Van Horn, William B. Washburn, W infield, and
W oodbridge—79.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, James
M. Ashley, Blow, Culver, Dawson, Denison, Driggs,
Dumont, Eckley, Eggleston, Farnsworth, Asahel W.
Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jones, Long-
year, Marston, McKee, Miller, Phelps, Plants, Price,
John H. Rice, Rousseau, Shellabarger, Sloan, Starr,
Nathaniel G. Taylor Nelson Taylor, Thayer. John
L. Thomas, llobert T. Van Horn, Warner, Elihu B.
Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, Wentworth, James
F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—39.
So the House refused to strike out the enact-
ing words of the bill, and the bill stood recom-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order, the fortification
bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a point of order.
I ask if the rule does not prevail here of "three
times and out?" [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it does
not.
Mr. Stevens's motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Don-
nelly in the chair,) and resumed the consider-
ation of House bill No. 1184, making appro-
priations for the construction, preservation,
and repairs of certain fortifications and other
works of defense for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1868.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the following as an
additional section to the bill:
Be it further enacted. That the sum of $300,000 be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to be expended, so far as required, by the Secretary
of War, for the preservation and repair or mainten-
ance of fortifications or other works of defense within
the jurisdiction of the United States.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. LE BLOND. I offer the following as
an additional section :
And be it further enacted, That there shall not be
over fifty per cent, of the foregoing appropriations
expended during the fiscal year ending June 30,
1863, and the residue thereof shall not be expended
till otherwise ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD.
" Times have been,
That, when the brains were out, the man would die."
That does not se^m to apply to this com-
mittee. I hope the amendment will prevail.
Mr. LE BLOND. I desire to say, Mr.
Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. LE BLOND. I think debate is in
order. We have been out of the committee
into the House, and no additional order clos-
ing debate has been made.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has been closed
on the bill and pending amendments.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
53, noes 40.
Mr. STEVENS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Le Blond
and Darling were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 64, noes 68.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I offer the following
amendment:
Amend by inserting after line seventy-one, "$250,-
000 lor completing the fortifications at Fort Stevens,
at the mouth of tho Columbia river, Washington
Territory."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I move that the com-
mittee rise and report the bill to the House
with the action of the committee thereon.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Don-
nelly reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, according to
order, had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly the bill of the House
No. 1184, making appropriations for the con-
struction, preservation, and repairs of certain
fortifications and other works of defense for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868, and had
directed him to report the same back to the
House with sundry amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. I call the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The first amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole was to strike out the fol-
lowing:
For construction of permanent platforms for mod-
ern cannon of largo caliber in existing fortifications
of important harbors, $100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing :
For Fort Montgomery, at the outlet of Lake Cham-
plain, $25,000.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 51, noes 32; no quorum vot-
ing.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hale and
Mr. Harding, of Illinois, were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes sixty-four, noes
not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following:
For construction and repair of barracks and quar-
ters for engineer at the depot of engineer supplies at
Willett's Point, New York, $25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The last amendment was to add the follow-
ing section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That there shall
not be over fifty per cent, of the foregoing appropria-
tions expended during the fiscal year ending 30th of
June, 1868: and the residue thereof shall not be ex-
pended until otherwise ordered.
Mr. LE BLOND. I call for the yeas and
nays upon agreeing to this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 59, not voting
45; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Aneona, Anderson,
Arnell, Baker, Baldwin, Beaman, Benjamin, Bing-
ham, Boyer, Brandegee, Bromwell, Broomall, Buck-
land, Campbell, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Conkling, Cullom, Davis, Dawson, Defrees, Delano,
Deming, Dodge, EggleBton, Eldridge, Farquhar,
Ferry, Finck. Glossbrenner, Aaron Harding, Abner
C.Harding, Hawkins, Hayes, Henderson, Hill, Hise,
Hogan, Hotchkiss, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hub-
bard, James R. Hubbell, Julian, Kerr, Koontz, Kuy-
kendall, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Le
Blond, Loan, Longyear, Marshall, Maynard, MeCul-
lough, Merour, Moulton, Noell, Orth, Radford, Sam-
uol J. Randall, William II. Randall, Ritter, Rogers,
Ross, Scofield, ahauklin, Sitgreaves, Sloan,Spalding,
Stilwell, Stokes, Nelson Taylor, Francis Thomas,
Thornton, Trimble, Trowbridge, Andrew H. Ward,
Warner, Welker, Whaley, Williams, Stephen F. Wil-
son, Windom, and Wright—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Banks, Baxter, Bergen.
Bidwell, Blaine, Chanler, Cobb, Darling, Dixon,
Donnelly, Eliot, Garfield, Goodyear, Grinnell, Gris-
wold, Hale, Higby, Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard,
Edwin N. Hubbell, Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter,
Jenckes, Kasson, Kelley, Ketcham, Laflin, Lynch,
Marvin, Melndoe, McKee, McRuer, Moorhead, Mor-
ris, Myers, Niblack, Nicholson, O'Neill, Paine, Pat-
terson, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, Raymond,
Alexander II. Rice. Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Starr,
Stevens, Stronse, Thayer, Upson, Burt Van Horn,
William B. Washburn, and W oodbridge—59.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, James
M. Ashley, Barker, Blow, Boutwell, Bundy, Cook,
Cooper, Culver, Dawes, Denison, Driggs, Dumont,
Eckley, Farnsworth, Harris, Hart, Holmes, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jones, Kelso, Latham, Left-
wich, Marston, McClurg. Miller, Morrill. Newell,
Phelns Plants, John II. Rice, Rousseau. Shellabar-
ger, laber, Nathaniel ff. Taylor, John L. Thomas.
Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Hamilton Ward.
Elihu B. Washbnrne, Henry D. Washburn, Went-
worth, James F.iWilson, and Winfield—45.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill, as
amended, to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to lay
the bill upon the table ; and upon that motion
I call for the yeas and nays.
The question was upon ordering the yeas and
