908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31
•i
•agriculture, which as is so often said is the
•foundation of every other interest, commercial
and manufacturing, that interest which has its
hundreds of population where you have your
twenties or your thirties, I feel it my duty to
resist now .any further aimendment of this hill.
I shall not complain of honorable Senators
•here representing the eastern States who have
brought in amendment after amendment to
this bill after the report of the chairman of
the committee. I was willing to sit here and
take the tariff bill as reported, protecting every
.portion and every interest of the country.
It was easy enough for me to rise in my seat
and ask for additional duty upon corn, and upon
wheat, and upon horses, and upon swine, and
upon beans and potatoes, and upon prairie
chickens, if you choose, sir; [laughter;] it was
easy enough for me to do that; but this com-
mittee, in which I have so much confidence,
prepared this bill with reference to every in-
terest, and I was fully and entirely satisfied
with it. We shall be forever indebted to the
distinguished chairman of the committee and
to the able committee itself for providing a bill
which is not obnoxious to the exception which
has heretofore prevailed against other bills. It
is fair to every section of the country, and as
such I receive it. The amendment which I
propose to offer I do not mean to insist upon.
I offer it as a counter-proposition to that which
is now introduced by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts ; and 1 hope that from this time out
Senators will stop introducing amendments. I
say it respectfully. They have a right to offer
them, and they are to be the judges of their
own action; but if they will continue to intro-
duce amendments for increased duties upon
the fabrics of the factories, I will take up the
loug list, beginning with the highest rate in the
farmer's productions, and propose amendment
after amendment, and we will pile up this bill
until wo kill it so dead that there will be no
resurrection for it.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Illinois
reminds  s that there is a West. He need not
have reminded us of that; we discovered it
some time ago. The Senator would have us
-understand that they make Presidents and make
tariffs. Well, sir, 1 want the Senator simply to
acknowledge that this tariff is of western origin:
that this tariff had its birth there.
Mr. GRIMES. Where?
Mr. WILSON. In the brains and pockets
of the wool-growers of the West. They have
discovered that there is a West, and they have
made the woolen manufactures of the country
believe that there was a place of power, and
that they had better take what they offered or
they would i'are worse.
Mr. GRIMES. Permitmcto inquire whether
the Senator is making this statement from him-
self or is only attempting to repeat the argu-
ment of the Senator from Illinois? Does he
charge that this tariff came from the West and
that the West is responsible for it?
Mr. WILSON. No doubt about it. I never
supposed anybody doubted it. That was the
point and the simple point thatlwished to make
when I said it was not a Massachusetts tariff.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire right here when the
charge, is made to emphatically, in the name
of the West, of which I am in part a represent-
ative, to deny the statement. It did not ema-
nate from the West.
Mr. WILSON. I quite as emphatically
affirm it.
Mr. GRIMES. The West does not want it,
and the West svill be restive under it.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to say to the Senator
from Iowa that the idea of this tariff originated
with the wool-growers, was got up by them,
pressed by them; that the woolen manufactur-
ers were, I will not say soared into this move-
ment, but I do know that many of them feared
that unless they assented to the arrangement
something worse would come. What I wanted
to say the other day, and say here now, is this:
I want gentlemen who live in this mighty West,
whose power we all acknowledge, and to whom
I suppose we must all bow, to acknowledge
their own bantlings, and not put them upon
Massachusetts. _ We choose simply to sthnd
for our own legitimate children. I said it was
not a Massachusetts tariff. I did not say that
because I wanted a Massachusetts tariff, for I
do not want a tariff for Massachusetts, but for
the whole country, as I suppose the Senator
from Illinois does; but when it is charged upon
us that this is a New England Measure, I reply
that it is not, and I go further: this tariff on
two thirds of the manufactures of this_ country
reduces the duties. Here is a reduction from
forty to thirty-five per cent., that is five per
cent.; you may add five more for the inevitable
loss. It is from eight to ten per cent, against
us as compared with the existing tariff. So,
too, the average duties on cotton goods are
reduced. On two thirds of the woolen manu-
factures of New England and on the aggregate
of the cotton manufactures, in spite of all this
increase that is made here, there is a positive
reduction from the existing law. I think that
is a sufficient answer; but I only wished to say
that it did not come from us.
I was brought up with this idea about a
tariff for a country: that the raw materials
which enter into the mechanic arts and into
manufactures should be admitted into the coun-
try free or at low rates of duty; that in the assess-
ment upon the country of the revenues neces-
sary to carry on the Government there should
be discrimination in favor of skilled labor, and
that such apolicy tended to increase the me-
chanic arts, increase manufactures, to draw men
from agricultural pursuits into these, to diversify
labor and lead to the consumption of the prod-
ucts of agriculture, and ultimately to bring
down the price of the manufactured article and
the product of the various mechanic arts and
to develop the power and strength of the coun-
try. But, sir, we are departing from that.
Senators speak as though the manufacturers
of the country were making great fortunes.
That is not the fact now. During the war, it is
true, great fortunes were made; but why? We
put two million and a half of men into the
field, taking them from the productive indus-
tries of the country for that purpose. We spent
from two to three thousand million dollars
in purchasing the products of agriculture and
the mechanic arts and manufactures and im-
portations into the country to support the
Army. The Government became a great cus-
tomer. Now we have taken these men from
the field: we have destroyed this customer.
These men are returning to the various pro-
ductive industries of the country; consequently
the products of agriculture, manufacture, and
commerce will be reduced in quantity and re-
duced in price. In other words, we must go
from a state of war to a state of peace. I do
not see how under such circumstances the pro-
ductive industries of the country can be other-
wise than somewhat depressed, legislate as you
may here. During the last few months a large
number of woolen mills have been closed;
millions of dollars have been lost in manufac-
tures ; and there is to-day stagnation in man-
ufacturing and in the productions of the various
mechanical arts throughout the country. This
results from so many men returning to work,
from the fact that the Government is no longer
in the market as a purchaser, and also from
the vast volume of our paper money.
In this condition of affairs you propose to
readjust the tariff. I have no idea that any
adjustment made now will last or ought to last.
We shall have a vast increase of the products
of the country, and there will be a reduction
in prices, and I hope that we are to have a re-
daction in the vast volume of our paper money
and come back to a solid basis.
But, sir, I_acknowledge that I ought not to
take up the time in speaking on these general
points, and I ask pardon of the committee for
having done so ; but I think this amendment
which I have proposed ought to be adopted.
While you have increased the duty on woolens,
so that they are from seventy to eighty per
cent. , you have only given thirty-five per cent,
nominally on the manufactured article, and
when you take out of that the amount neces-
sary to pay the internal revenue taxes, and be-
sides th'at the percentage necessary to account
for undervaluations and the cheatings through
the custom-houses, you will find on this class
of goods a protection of not more than ten or
twelve per cent. ; and some of the best men in
the country say that it will not be over five or
seven per cent. •
I hope that on this'question I shall have the
vote of the Senator from Illinois. I know that
he is a fair-minded mati, disposed to do jus-
tice to the East and the West. He has got an
enormous duty put upon wool, and here is a
reduction upon woolen goods. By the present
tariff the duty is twenty-four cents per pound
and forty per cent, ad valorem; it is upon this
class of goods by the House bill fifty cents per
pound and thirty-five per cent., a reduction of
five in the percentage and an increase of
twenty-six cents per pound in the specific duty,
to make up for the increase on wool.
Mr. YATES. Allow me to say to the Sen-
ator that I am not opposed to any fair protec-
tion upon the manufactured article. All I say
is that this wool interest is a new interest, while
the manufacturing establishments of New Eng-
land'are stable and firm. I submit to the hon-
orable Senator the question whether in any
large body or to any extent the manufacturers
have asked for an increase of duty ? Before he
answers that I will say, on the other hand, that
from every portion of the'northwestern States,
from Ohio, Indiana, Iowa, and elsewhere, have
come petitions stating that their interests will
be totally ruined unless protection is afforded;
and we know from the nature of the case, from
the fact that during the war they so largely
increased their possessions, their farms, and
the number of sheep upon those farms, there
must be loss to -them inevitably. The manu-
facturers, however, are stable and firm. They
have had the benefits of protection for the last
fifty years; they have wealth, they have asso-
ciated capital; they have got together in bodies,
and they control the great interests of this
country, its railroads, its commerce, its manu-
factures. Does the honorable Senator say they
are to be shaken because these duties are not
increased? On the other hand this interest is
new and has never had the benefit of a tariff.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator asks me if
they are to shaken. I answeT unhesitatingly,
yes; many of these mills will close immediately
•on the passage of an act that puts them at this
disadvantage. The Senator told us that this
was an arrangement between the manufac-
turers and the wool-growers. Instead of the
arrangement being forty-five cents per pound
it was fifty-three. The House reduced it to
fifty cents, and the Senate committee has re-
duced it from fifty to forty-five.
Mr. YATES. When I spoke of it being an
arfangement I did not mean that there was
any formal, concerted understanding. I meant
that by the production to the committee of the
various views of men engaged in the growing
of wool, flax, hemp, and other agricultural
productions, and upon letters and other repre-
sentations from those engaged in manufactures,
they adopted and adjusted this tariff upon a
reasonable basis, protecting all the interests of
the country, North and South, East and West.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, we are
dealing, I suppose, with facts in the adjust-
ment of this tariff. The fact is that twenty-five
years ago, under the tariff of 1842, a large per-
centage of our finer woolens was manufactured
in the United States. I was then largely inter-
ested in a business which required me to pur-
chase those woolens, and more than half of
those goods were manufactured in the United
States. To-day they are not manufactured
here at all. Our manufacturers have beeft
driven from the production of the finer classes
of woolen goods. Broadcloths are hardly
manufactured in this country at all, and so
with some of the finer cassimeros. It is so in
all the finer grades, where the proportion of
labor js so much greater as compared with the
material which is used in their production.
