1M
THE CONGRESSIONAL"GhmU.
property- will be just as complete afterthe pas-
sage of this bill repealing the thirteeath section
Qftbe act of 1862 as before. The Constitution
confess on the President the power " to grant
reprieves and pardons for offenses against the
•©sited States, except in cases of impeach-
Mieofc" It is not in thepowerof Congress to
deprive him of this prerogative. A pardon is
 , remission of the crime or offense, and not
of the conviction; and' may be granted as well
•before as after conviction ; and it also may be
rather absolute or conditional. All these ques-
tions were settled by decisions of the Attorneys
General and of the Supreme Court of theUni-
teAStates years ago. Mr. Wirt, who was At-
torney General under Mr. Monroe, gave an
opinion, I think in 1820, that.the President
had authority to grant pardons before convic-
tion. He placed it upon the ground that a
pardon was of -the offense and not of the con-
viction for the offense; that the conviction was
only evidence of the crime or offense which
had been committed. Subsequent Attorneys
General have given the same opinion, and the
practice of the Government, I believe, has
conformed to that opinion. The Supreme Court
of the United States in the ease of ex parte
Wells, which is reported in 18 Howard, page
311, and which I have before me, quoted with
approbation this passage from Lord Coke :
" A pardon is said by Lord Coke to bo a work of
mercy, whereby the king, either before attainder,
sentence, or conviction, or after, forgiveth any crime,
offense, punishment, execution, right, title, debt, or
duty, temporal or ecclesiastical."—3 Inst., 233.
The same court, in a case reported in 7 Pe-
ters, in which the opinion was delivered by
Chief Justice Marshall, decided that a pardon
may be either absolute or conditional. They
quote in that opinion also from common law
writers on the subject of pardon and its effect,
and say:
"A pardon is a deed to the validity of which de-
livery is essential, and delivery is not complete with-
out acceptance. It may then be rejected by the per-
son to whom it is tendered; and if it be rejected, wc
have discovered no power in a court to force it on
him."— United States vs. Wilson, 1 Peters, page 181.
The point in that case was the authority of
the President to impose a condition in grant-
ing a pardon, and the Supreme Court held that
that authority existed in the President, and
they laid down the rule in both these cases
that the power of the President "to grant
reprieves and pardons" is to be construed as
those words were understood at the time they
were incorporated into the Constitution of the
United States. 1 he President's power tore-
store property seized under the confiscation
act to its former rebel owners will not be
affected by the repeal of the thirteenth section
of the act of 1862, as the section is silent on
that subject. It is certainly within the power
of the President to refuse to restore property
to pardoned rebels by making it a condition
when ho grants the pardon that they shall not
claim the property which has been seized by
the Government. The President, however,
has not generally done this, and by granting.
absolute pardons has given an order in factfor
the restoration of property. It will be seen
by the report of .General Howard, made to
Congress at the last session, that the Presi-
dent did direct property to be restored to a
person who had been pardoned, and under the
rule adopted in that case General Howard
states that he proceeded to restore to par-
doned rebels more than four hundred thou-
sand acres- of land which had been seized
under the confiscation act. I will not under-
take to say whether the President has au-
thority to restore this property. He cer-
tainly has no sueh authority where the
rights of third parties have intervened. When-
ever the property has been condemned un-
der the confiscation act his right to take
away the title of an individual who had ac-
quired any interest in the property and restore
it to the former owners would doubtless be
gone. Whether he conld before, after the
mere seizure of the property, is another ques-
tion ; bat it is not affected in my opinion by
the-repeal of the section under consideration.
December 17,
If the President has this power under the
Constitution, it may be asked why then repeal
this thirteenth section; what harm does it do?
I answer that this thirteenth section is broader
than the Constitution; it authorized the Presi-
dent by proclamation to grant pardon and
amnesty. The difference, as I understand, be-
tween a pardon and an amnesty is this: a par-
don is an act of mercy extended to an indi-
vidual: itmustbebydeed; it must be pleaded—
Chief J ustice Marshall saysjt is essential to its
validity that it must be delivered—an amnesty
is ageneral pardon proclaimed by proclama-
tion. This statute undertakes to confer upon
the President of the United States authority
by general proclamation to grant pardon and
amnesty to everybody who has been engaged
in the rebellion. The President has already
issued general proclamations of amnesty and
pardon: there can be no occasion for the exer-
cise of that power hereafter, and therefore there
is a propriety in repealing the section of the
statute which confers this poweruponthe Presi-
dent. _ Let him have such powers as the Con-
stitution gives him; of course Congress cannot
takefrom him those powers; but let us not be a
party to conferring any additional powers or any
additional facility upon the President to grant
pardons to persons engaged in this rebellion
who have shown themselves after obtaining
pardon so undeserving of the mercy which has
been extended to them. Let ns repeal that
clause which authorized the issuing of procla-
mations of amnesty. This will at least be an
expression of opinion on the part of Congress
that general pardons and restoration of prop-
erty should not be continued; and if the Presi-
dent does continueto pardon rebels and restore
their property by individual acts under the
Constitution, let him do so without having the
sanction of Congress for his act.
Therefore, sir, the committee recommended
the passage of this bill, believing that the ex-
pression of such an opinion on the part of
Congress was but carrying out the expressions
of the people of this country, and that we should
withhold any encouragement on our part to the
granting of general pardons and restorations
of property for the future until we can see a
better spirit manifested on the part of those
who are their recipients.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I under-
stand now that my friend from Illinois thinks
that it is necessary to repeal the thirteenth sec-
tion of the original act, only because, first, it
authorizes the President to pardon by procla-
mation ; and, second, it authorizes him by proc-
lamation to declare a general amnesty.
Sir, the power conferred upon the President
by the Constitution is as comprehensive as
words can make it. He is authorized, or to
use the very language of the Constitution, he
shall have power " "to grant reprieves and par-
dons for offenses against the L'nited States."
How ho is to exercise that power, the Consti-
tution is silent. Whether he is to do it in each
particular instance of a man who has commit-
ted an offense, or whether, where there is a
class of offenders, he may do it in some form
so as to include the entire class, the Constitu-
tion says nothing about. I should suppose
that where the power is conferred upon him
absolutely, in general terms, it is for him to
decide as to the manner in which he will exe-
cute it, or as to the number of cases in which
he will exercise it; as to the manner, whether
he will execute it by granting to each one a
pardon for the alleged offense, or as to those
who may be included in it, whether he will
grant a pardon to the whole collectively, and
whether he will oi will not grant it in the form
of a proclamation, instead of the form which
has.usually been adopted.
My recollection is—I think I .am not mis-
taken about it—that after the supjsression of
what was termed the whisky insurrection in
Pennsylvania, which became so threatening as
to induce General Washington to head his
troops and to march with an army collected
from Maryland and Pennsylvania and else-
where, he, I think without any legislative an-
tliority on the subject, granted t>y proclama-
toon an amnesty to all who were concerned in
it. I am not aware that he issued a pardon or
an amnesty to any individual citizen involved
in that insurrection; and I never heard that
his mode of exerting the power was questioned.
itow, as to the authority, under the power
to comprehend all offenders who may have been
involved in any violation of the laws of the
United States, the Senate will find by looking
at the 74th number of the Federalist, written
by Mr. Hamilton, that he assumes that the
power is coextensive with the necessity, with
the exigency; he assumes that where there are
many concerned in an insurrection they may
be induced to arrest their progress, or after it
has been arrested by other means, they may be
pardoned in some general way. I will read a
few sentences from that number. After quoting
the constitutional provision, he says:
Humanity and good polie
. .net good policy conspire to diet;
that the benign prerogative of pardoning should
as little as possible fettered or cmbairassed."
Then he goes onto examine the reason which
to his mind shows that the power should some-
where exist in any well-constitnted Govern-
ment. It was contended at that time that the
power should be in Congress, and in the course
of that number he meets that objection to the
Constitution as it stood, and he does it by
saying:
"On the other hand, as men generally derive con-
fidence from their number they might often encour-
age each other in an act of obduracy, and might bo
less sensible to the apprehension of eensuro for an
injudicious or affected clemency. On these accounts
one man appears to be a more eligible dispenser of
tho mercy of Government than a body of men."
So far as to the question whether the power
is to be vested in one man or in a body of men,
or in other words, whether it should be given to
the President or be given to Congress—
"The expediency of vesting the power of pardon-
ing in the President has, if I mistafco not, been only
contested in relation to the erime of treason, This. it
has been urged, ought to have depended upon the
assent of one or both of the branches of the iegisla-
tive body. I shall not deny that there are strong
reasons to be assigned for requiring in this particu-
lar tha concurrence of that body, or of a part of it.
As treason is a crime leveled at theimmcdiato being
of the society when the laws have onee ascertained
the guilt of the offender there seems a fitness in re-
ferring tho expediency of an act of mercy toward
him to tho judgment of tho Legislature. And this
ought the rather to be the ease as the supposition of
the connivance of tho Chief Magistrate ought not to
be entirely excluded."
He goes on to examine that doctrine and
comes to the conclusion that the power ought
to be where the Convention had placed it:
"On the other hand, when tho sedition had pro-
ceeded from causes which had inflamed the resent-
ments of the major party they might often be found
obstinate and inexorable when policy demanded a
conduct of forbearance and clemency. Bat the prin-
cipal argument for reposing tha power of pardoning
in this case in the Chief Magistrate is this: in sea-
sons of insurrection or rebellion there are often crit-
ical inomentswhen a well-timed offer of pardon to
the insurgents or rebels may restore tho tranquillity
of the Commonwealth."
As a means of suppressing the insurrection,
while it was going on, Congress not in session—
an object not to be accomplished by the issu-
ing of individual pardons ; but it may be all-
important asa means to an end, that end being
the suppression of the rebellion, that there
should at such moments, to use the language
of the writer, be made an offer of pardon to
the insurgents or rebels 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. T he Sen-
ator from .Maryland will suspend his remarks.
The morning hour having expired it becomes
the duty of the Chair to call up the unfinished
business of Friday, which is Senate bill
No. 456.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Before the Senate
proceeds to other business, I wish to present
an amendment to the bill which is before tha
Senate. I move to strike out all after the
enacting clause and insert what 1 send to the
Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust the bill under
consideration will be proceeded " with. I
I hope we shall be able to get throngh with" it,
in a short time, and I move to lay nsidd tils'
