1866.
THffi 0.03ST(xRESSIOIf AL &LOB&:
other* bill informally until we dispose of the
one now under consideration.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not think yon can
get through to-day.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Have I the floor on
the bill that is before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore«- The Sena-
tor has the floor.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I.desire;fo'finish what
I have to say on that MIL.
Mr. WADE. It is with very great reluct-
ance that I-should agree to suspend the con-
sideration'of the Nebraska bill; perhaps it is
one of the most pressing measures here ; but
I am told that the Senate will adjourn before
we can possibly get through with it, for which
reason I shall not oppose this motion to con-
tinue what was before the Senate in the morn-
ing hour; but to-morrow I shall endeavor to
take up the Nebraska bill at the earliest period
possible.
ADMISSION OF NEBRASKA.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senate bill
No. 456, for the admission of Nebraska as a
State, is the unfinished business of Friday,
which is before the Senate, and the Senator
from Indiana is entitled to the floor on that
bill. The Senator from Illinois addresses the
Chair, the Senator from Indiana being entitled
to the floor. I ask the Senator from Indiana
if he gives way to the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Not for the motion
which he wishes to make.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. \ In the
opinion of the Chair the Senator from Indiana
is entitled to the floor, and a motion to post-
pone the consideration of the Nebraska bill
cannot be made unless he yields the floor for
the purpose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. "Will not the Senator
from Indiana allow me to make a motion to
postpone?
Mr. HENDRICKS. For anything else I
should yield to the Senator, but not for that
motion. I yielded on Friday evening to every-
body who desired to propose anything, and I
would rather finish what I have got to say on
this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(S. No. 456) for the admission of the State of
Nebraska into the Union is before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When this bill was
before the Senate on Friday I expressed the
regret which I felt at making any opposition
to the immediate admission of Nebraska as a
State, because I said that my sympathies were
with the border settlers, and if indeed it were
the desire of the people of Nebraska to come
into the Union I should hesitate very much
to oppose their desire, but that I felt very
much relieved from my embarrassment by the
consideration of the fact that of the 7,776
people who voted upon the Constitution 3,838
voted against it, lacking but fifty of being one
half of the people who voted upon the subject. I
also expressed my gratification at the liberality
of the views expressed by the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Wade] on this question—views that I
had not expected froiii him and judging from
his opinions generally expressed on such
questions. That Senator said, speaking of the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Brown:]
"The pending amendment proposes to attach a
condition to the admission of this State. I do not
know'whether you can do that. She ought to be
admitted, if at all, on the same footing with all the
other States. Up to this hour the regulation of the
elective franchise has been regarded as a State
question. It belongs, under the Constitution as it
now stands, exclusively to the States of the Union.
We have not proposed to take it away from any
State."
Then, sir, after expressing some views in
regard to the power of Congress over the south-
ern States, in which I do not concur, the Sen-
ator went on to say :
" I do not know what right you have to say that a
Stateshall be admitted not on an equality with every
other State, and shall not be allowed to regulate her
elective franchise as she pleases."
The broad doctrine is here asserted thafcwhen
39tii Cong. 2d Sess.— No. 10.
a State is admitted into this Union she must be
admitted on terras of equality, with the other
States; the broad doctrine of the- equality of
all the States in this Union. And, sir# when
Nebraska is admitted I shall regard it as a pre-
cedent, after consideration of the question by
the Senate, that a State of the Union is to be
admitted to representation without reference to
the character of her domestic institutions which
do not affect her relations to the Federal ©ov-
ernment. In other words, I shall regard it as
establishing the doctrine that the people, of a
Territory in forming their State government
have a right to form it according to their own
pleasure, subject only to the condition that the
government shall be republican in form, and
that when a State has a right to come here and
to be represented she has a right to be repre-
sented without reference to the character of her
domesticinstitutioijs or without complying with
any conditions.other than those required by the
Constitution of the United States*
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] has
expressed the opinion that we are committed
to the admission of Nebraska by the enabling
act passed in 1864, for he says that the people
of Nebraska have complied with the conditions
required of them. In some respects the con-
ditions of the enabling act have been agreed to
in the constitution which Nebraska has pro-
posed for herself, but certainly the Senator
did not wish to be understood as saying that
the requirements of the enabling aethaye been
complied with in the adoption of the constitu-
tion which is now presented to us. Why, sir,
in no respect whatever has the enabling act
been complied with. I understand the facts to
be that the delegates were elected pursuant to
the enabling act, that the delegates met in con-
vention at the time required by that act, and
that having thus met, so strong did they know
the judgment of the people of the Territory to
be against the formation of a State government
and the adoption of a constitution, that they
adjourned at once without making any consti-
tution, without taking any steps in that direction.
The popular opinion in Nebraska was under-
stood to be so decidedly against the policy of
forming a State government at the time the
delegates met that they adjourned without
agreeing upon any provisions of a State con-
stitution whatever, and afterward, at what
time I am not prepared to say, the Legislature
of the Territory of Nebraska formed this con-
stitution itself. This is not the work of a con-
vention. This constitution was formed, as I
understand, by the Legislature of Nebraska. I
ask the Senator from Ohio if that was within
the spirit, or letter either, of the enabling act?
Is it a legislative act to form a State govern-
ment and to present here a State constitu-
tion? Certainly not. And when the territo-
rial Legislature adopted a constitution that
constitution was without legal authority or
force; but I am free to say that if the people
of the Territory being of sufficient numbers had
afterward agreed to that constitution in such
manner and in such numbers as to satisfy us
that it was the choice and desire of the people,
then the act of the people would give force and
validity to such a constitution. It brings us
not to the question whether this State ought to
be admitted under the enabling act, but to the
question whether the people of Nebraska have
agreed to this State constitution.
The Senator from Ohio says that there are
eighty-five thousand people in Nebraska.
Mr. WADE. Eighty-eight thousand.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Eighty-eight thousand
people would give a popular vote of probably
16,000, and more than that—I should say at
least 20,000. In the older States, where there
are large families represented by the head, the
vote is about one fifth of the entire population.
In the State of Indiana, where the settlements
are now old and where families have grown up
and become numerous, the population is about
1,400,000, and the vote is very nearly 800,000,
showing about one voter to every live persons
in the State. Now, I submit to Senators that
tho vote in a Territory, in now settlements, is
much larger in proportion to the entire popu-
lation than in old settlements. It is known to
the Senator from Ohio, it is known to every,
western man, that the proportion of uumarried
men in the Territories is larger than in the
older States, and that the families of the emi-
grants as a. general thing sure not so large asin-
tbe older States, so that the voting population
is larger in; new settlements in proportion to,
the entire population than in the older States."
Then, sir, I am. justified, I think, in saying,
that the voting population of Nebraska would
be very nearly 20,009 if there was an entire
population of 88,000. With a voting popula-.
tion of from sixteen to twenty thousand, we
are asked to admit the State into the. Union
upon an affirmative vote of 3,938. The con-
stitution had no force until it received the sanc-
tion and approval of the people. No act of'
the territorial Legislature could give it any legal
force and power. All the power and validity
that it should have as a State constitution and
form of government was to be derived from the
vote of the pe«ple. Then, out of an entire,
vote of sixteen to twenty thousand we have
3,938 persons voting in favor of this constitu-.
tion. Is that such an expression of the popular
will as justifies Congress in receiving a State
whose constitution has been so irregularly
formed and adopted?
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sheiwiax]
then, I think, is not able to maintain his posi-
tion that we are committed by the enabling act;
in his language, bound to admit the State be-
cause we passed the enabling act. If the peo-
ple of the Territory had complied with that
enabling act, had come here pursuant to its
provisions in every respect, then there would be
much force in his position ; but in the absence
of a compliance with almost every l'equire-
ment of the enabling act, I do not feel that
there is any moral obligation on me to vote for
the admission.
The next question that presents itself is
whether there is such a population in Nebraska
as is claimed for it and as will justify ns in the
admission of the State. I do not believe that
there are eighty-eight thousand people iu that
Territory, although the Senator from Ohio
reads a letter from some bureau in the Treas-
ury Department which undertakes to furnish
statistics to that Department. The Senator
was not informed as to the means at the com-
mand of that bureau for ascertaining the pop-
ulation of Nebraska, and I think I am justi-
fied in saying that that bureau has no data on
which it may make a calculation. There ia
nothing in the execution of the internal rev-
enue law which furnishes any information upon
that subject. There is no tax upon the head
which enables the revenue officers to know the
number of persons by the assessment. There
is no census required to be taken by the rev-
enue officers. It is no part of their official
duty, and if they have expressed any opinion
on the subject, it is simply an opinion and not
based upon any information in the office ; and
I think, sir, the opinion expressed by the head
of that bureau is not correct.
In 1800, when thecensus of the United States
was taken, Nebraska had 28,841 inhabitants.
It is known to every Senator that since 1860.
the population of the western States and the
Territories has not to any considerable extent
increased. The war stopped emigration from
the eastern portion of the country to the Ter-
ritories ; and I undertake to express the opin-
ion that at the close of the war it is very doubt-
ful whether Nebraska had as large a population
as she had in 1860. I doubt whether in the
spring of 186-5, at the surrender of the south-
ern armies, there was so large a population in
the Territory of Nebraska as there was when
the census was taken in 1860. I admit that
since the close of the war immigration has again
set in to the Territories, and that the immigra-
tion is now in very large numbers to Nebraska;
that the construction of the great railroad from
Omaha westward has invited immigration. But,
sir, that is not an answer to the objection which
is now made that when this constitution was
