1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1587
$1,000,000 which have been expended in the
location of this School at Annapolis, as well as
$100,000 appropriated at the last session of
Congress ; and to utterly disregard the reports
of well-qualified men, scientific officers, better
qualified to judge than any in the House who
are partaking immediately in this discussion ?
Are all these considerations to be overlooked
because a few mischievous politicians are now
cutting fantastic tricks before high heaven in j
a little temporary domination in the govern- |
ment of Maryland ? Why should we not as
well now undertake to send forth another peri- j
patetic committee to ramble all over the coun-
try to inquire whether the Brooklyn navy-yard
shall not be removed because the dominant
political sentiment in the precincts of the city '
of New York is not in exact accord with what
may be deemed loyalty? ]
Mr. Speaker, I am under no sort of appre- [
hension in regard to this question. I cannot
anticipate that the Congress of the United States
will adopt this resolution. I might have had
some apprehension had the subject been acted
upon when it was first introduced. But when
gentlemen have had time to reflect I have no
fears at all about the result. And although I
speak thus earnestly in remonstrance against
this resolution^let me take occasion to say that
my constituents have no personal interest what-
ever in this question. My constituents live in
a remote part of Maryland, and have but infre-
quent intercourse with the city of Annapolis.
But there is a class of men in the city of Annap-
olis who are deeply interested, and a population
there in whose behalf I would say a few words
to every considerate and reflecting man in this
House.
It being supposed, after the whole country
had been thoroughly examined by competent
boards of engineers, scientific men, and they
had decided that this naval school should be
located at Annapolis, that the question was
finally settled so far as Congress would settle
it, hundreds of persons went there, and have
expended their own humble earnings in the
Eurchase of lots and the erection thereon of
omes for their families; and all that they have
is at stake in this result. The population of
Annapolis has increased considerably among
that class of men, every one of whom is as
faithful to the Government of the (Jnited States
as I am or as is the gentleman [Mr. Schenck]
who introduced, unnecessarily m my humble
judgment, this disturbing question into the
Congress of the United States at this late hour
of this session. They alone are interested in
this question: the people who have congre-
gated there to minister to the wants of the offi-
cers of this institution and the wants of those
humbler individuals who are participating in
the administration of its affairs. Will Con-
gress consent to waste the $1,000,000 already
expended there, and, in direct opposition to
the deliberate advice and admonitions of men
competent to judge, disturb and reopen this
question?
Besides, sir, if we contemplate such a pro-
ceeding, is it respectful to our immediate suc-
cessors, the next Congress, that the examining
committee who are to influence their action by
a report on this subject shall be appointed by
the present Congress at the very close of its
session ? Why should we not allow our suc-
cessors the privilege of selecting from their
own body the committee who shall make this
scrutiny and report under their responsibility
as members of the body that is finally to dis-
pose of this subject? Hurried as I am, I have
nothing more to say than simply to conclude as
I began, by declaring that I do not believe this
question is going to be seriously entertained
bv either branch of Congress.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I now yield to the
gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr. Jexckes]
for five minutes, or ten if he desires.
Mr. JENCKES. _ The proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] which
is submitted as a substitute for the resolution
reported by the committee, amounts, as I
understand it, to this: it proposes to institute
an investigation with a vi^w to ascertaining the
best possible site in this country for the loca-
tion of the Naval Academy. It is not in the
interest of New London or Newport or any
other particular locality as against Annapolis.
It indicates no preference of any site in any
part of the country, but throws the location
open to competition, so that every port con-
ceiving itself to have the requisites for such a
site may present its claims before this joint
committee.
Mr. Speaker, it seems to me that this is the
fairest proposition upon this subject that has
ever been made to Congress. There is no law
fixing the location of this Academy at Annap-
olis. It was located there originally, as the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Phelps] has
said, by a bargain between the Secretary of
War and the Secretary of the Navy. It has
been kept there, not as a permanent site, but
as an experimental site. It was removed to
Newport from necessity. It has been brought
back to Annapolis as a matter of favor. But
there is no report such as this resolution calls
for definitely recommending Annapolis as the
best place for the permanent location of this
Academy.
It is sufficient for me in what I have to say
to call the attention of the House to the report
of the Secretary of the Navy advising the re-
moval of the Academy from Annapolis. It
matters not to me how many officers have
given their opinion that Annapolis is a favor-
ablesite, or what disagreements there may have
been between boards of officers appointed by
the Secretary of the Navy or others hitherto.
The chief of that Department has placed upon
record his opinion, based, we must presume,
upon an examination of all the evidence sub-
mitted to him, that Annapolis is not a fit place
at which to retain this institution.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman from
Rhode Island allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. JENCKES. Certainly.
Mr. PHELPS. I simply wish to ask the
gentleman whether he is not aware that since
thereportof the Secretary of the Navy to which
he refers, the objection urged by him that the
accommodations were insufficient for the stu-
dents has been removed by an enlargement of
the grounds ?
Mr. JENCKES. It has been partially; but
that was but one objection. The report was
based also upon other grounds.
Now. Mr. Speaker, it seems to me that the
resolution reported by the committee does not
meet the whole case. It provides for the ap-
pointment of a commission by the Secretary
of the Navy. We cannot tell under what influ-
ences that board of commissioners may be
appointed; we cannot tell by what suggestions
that board may be guided to their conclusions;
we cannot tell with what degree of fairness
they may conduct their investigation. Besides,
the investigation may be delayed by the Secre-
tary of the Navy, or he may, if he chooses, in
the exercise of the discretion with which the
resolution proposes to clothe him, select a
board whose members, as he knows, will report
in favor of this or that particular site, a favorite
with him.
It seems to me the mode proposed in the
resolution of the gentleman from Ohio is the
practicable one by which information should be
sought by Congress before acting on a subject
so important as this. It is to give the Naval
Academy a location as fixed and definite as AVest
Point is for the Military Academy. In order that
this should be doue there is no better mode than
by obtaining information through committees
of Congress. The members of those commit-
tees are responsible to the body appointing
them. They are also responsible directly to
the people. They are bound to conduct the
investigation fairly. If any suggestion be
made of unfairness in either House, instruc-
tions may be passed by which they shall be
fuided. This committee cannot perform its
uties in a week or a month, or perhaps six
months, if it does justice to the claimants in
all parts of the country. And when it is clothed
with power to have officers of the Navy and
Coast Survey detailed for its information, we
may be sure it will not be guided by any local
or particular interest nor controlled by any
clique of officers, or subjected to such manip-
ulations as if appointed from the Army or
Navy alone. It will pursue its investigation
truly and fairly and report its judgment ac-
cordingly, as the evidence will dictate to Con-
gress.
In the remarks of the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Phelps,] who just spoke, it seemed
he drew a comparison between Newport and
Annapolis. It is not denied Newport is a
contestant for this prize, if it be a prize, but
it does not seek to shrink from any investi-
gation. All Newport asks is fair, open com-
petition. Let it be examined, its merits be
acknowledged, and its demerits brought up
against it. Let it have a fair trial before an im-
partial committee, audits merits placed before
the House and the country. It is not afraid of
competition. If it is not the best site for the
permanent location of the Naval Academy,
then let it go to the site that is found to be best
for the purpose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Iyield now five minutes
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Chajj-
ler.]
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Speaker, I have no
opposition to Annapolis as a site for the Naval
Academy, but I would suggest this traveling
committee or commission in their tour along
the Atlantic coast be also authorized to visit
and examine the eastern extremity of the island
called Long Island, so as to have a site entirely
under the control of the Government, as the
Military Academy is at West Point, by securing
what is known as Gardiner's Island. It is a
spot, sir, far removed from all the temptations
so eloquently pointed out by the gentleman
from Maryland, and also removed from the
influences referred to in the memorial of the
corporation of the city of Annapolis, which
was laid upon the desk of each member. If
Annapolis be really such a community, and it
is not misrepresented in this memorial, as to
degrade itself to making aspersions against the
city of New York to secure its own ends, then
it is near time the Naval Academy should be
removed to some other place. Theyoughtnot
to have this institution in their midst, an insti-
tution founded by a northern man, then Secre-
tary of the Navy, George Bancroft, now a resi-
dent of the city of New York ; a gentleman
who is not opposed to the President's policy,
and who is not in favor of the congressional
policy, or he would not have received an ap-
pointment to high position in Boston which
I understand he has declined.
Mr. PHELPS. What part of the memorial
does the gentleman refer to?
Mr. CHANLER. This part:
"Wo admit that in Annapolis, as in perhaps every
other place in the country, there are individuals
whose sentiments may have given offense to Union
men; but we assert that even'cluring the war the
proportion of such cases was much smaller than in
many important oities at the North. New York
city, which has recently given more than forty thou-
sand majority against the supporters of the congres-
sional policy, is the home of many men whose out-
spoken disloyalty throughout the whole war did
much to support the waning fortunes of the rebel-
lion. Certain towns in Connecticut have prominent
citizens who were charged with having endeavored
to destroy the efficiency of the Navy at the begin-
ning of the war, and embarrassing the Government
during its progress. But we submit it would be most
unjust and unwise to remove the public establish-
ments located at those places upon the grounds in-
dicated in the resolution of inquiry, although, as we
are positively certain, the charge would apply much
more forcibly to them, as well as to other places at
the North, than to Annapolis."
Mr. PHELPS. Does the gentleman con-
sider that an aspersion upon New York city
generally?
Mr. CHANLER. Such sentiments, coining
from the authorities of Annapolis to gain its
private ends, only deserves contemptuous
notice on this floor.
Sir, I am in favor of giving to this Academy
of the naval Bchool every advantage, and cer-
