1588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
tainly the disadvantages which may accrue from
climate are to be taken into consideration. I
look upon the argument advanced by the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Phelps] with
regard to the open sea during the greater part
of the winter as a very cogent one in favor of
retaining the location at the present place.
But, sir, there are still greater advantages than
that. Direct contact with the ocean itself, the
great highway of all nations, is a greater ad-
vantage than a location on an inlet of the sea
like the Chesapeake; and the point to which I
would draw the attention of the traveling com-
mittee is an island situated at the extreme
eastern point of Long Island, which will be
removed from the baneful influence suggested
by the gentleman from Maryland. I refer to
Gardiner's Island off Montauk Point, opposite
New London.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Mr. Speaker, in ris-
ing to close this debate it is not my intention
to make any extended remarks, but merely to
explain the resolution reported by the commit-
tee, and the reasons which have led the com-
mittee to report it.
This is not an original proposition coming
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, but it
comes before the House under an almost im-
perative order of this body; for it cannot have
been forgotten by gentlemen that by more than
a two-thirds vote some week or ten days since,
upon a suspension of the rules, the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs were instructed to in-
quire and report immediately to the House
in regard to the expediency of the removal of
the Naval Academy from Annapolis to some
other point. _ Well, sir, when tho committee
came to consider the question with which they
were thus charged by the House, they found
two very important considerations affecting the
situation of this Academy. One was, that it
was located at Annapolis originally without
any authority of law whatever. It was an acci-
dental, if not intended as a temporary location,
certainly without any authority of the legislative
department of this Government.
Starting with that fact, the committee, with-
out going into the investigation of certain
things that had been intimated by the public
newspapers or even in the resolution intro-
duced by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck,] which was the origin of the in-
quiry, found another fact which struck them,
as I think it must have struck the House, as
of imposing authority; and that is, that the
chief officer of the Navy had himself solemnly,
formally, and deliberately recommended in his
annual report of 1865 the removal of this Acad-
emy from this place, which is claimed to be so
advantageous and so remarkably adapted for
this purpose. I need but read to those who
consider this matter of consequence enough to
give me their attention a portion of that report
of the Secretary of the Navy:
"The academic grounds belonging to the Govern-
ment at Annapolis include only twenty-one acres,
and are wholly insufficient for tho school. Their sit-
uation in the heart of a city also subjects the youths
to temptations, from which, at that period of life, it is
desirable they should be removed."
Mr. STEVENS. When was that report
made?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. In 1865.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will recol-
lect that last year we bought a considerable
portion of land and added it to the grounds.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I do recollect it; and
if the gentleman had attended to the debate
he would have recollected that that very thing
has been stated twice already on this floor:
"In the present and prospective condition of our
naval power, the idea of permanently establishing a
national institution of this character on these re-
stricted grounds, where large expenditures must be
made in public cdifices and buildings and vaTiona
improvements, cannot be seriously entertained bv
any who shall give the subject candid and deliberate
consideration. * * * * * * *
"The school was originally designed foronehimdred
and eighty midshipmen, with the necessary officers
professors, and instructors; but the numberhas been
increased, until there are now authorized by law five
hundred and sixty-six midshipmen, with a corre-
sponding increase of the academic staff. There are
Diumnety-flix rooms in the present quarters of the
midshipmen, and each room is intended for two occu-
pants. The buildings are defective in many respects,
and were originally hastily and imperfectly con-
structed.
44 Commodore Blake, thelate intelligent superintend-
ent, in a carefully prepared statement, estimates the
cost of the buildings and improvements which will be
required at Annapolis in order to make the institu-
tion acceptable and worthy of thecountry at $800,000."
* * * * He**** *
" No amountof money which Congress may expend
in buildings and improvements at that location will
be satisfactory, and at no distant day a different and
better site will be procured. This should not be de-
layed. True economy and the best interests of tho
Government prompt an immediate selection of the
best position that can be obtained before any greater
expense shall have been incurred in large and costly
edifices and other substantial improvements."
That, sir, was the fact which the committee
found upon investigation. They found, too,
that the Secretary of the Navy had himself
stated to this House, upon authority which he
deemed to be such as to warrant the statement,
that the removal ought not to be longer delayed,
and not only that the grounds in Annapolis were
inadequate in point of capacity, but also that
the site was unfit for such an Academy, being
in the heart of the city.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Has my colleague the
face to ask me to yield further when I have
already yielded all but ten minutes of my time?
Mr. PHELPS. After association with the
gentleman from Connecticut on the Naval
Committee, I have face enough to ask any-
thing. [Laughter.] Will the gentleman state
the date of the report of the Secretary of the
Navy from which lie has been reading?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I have already stated
it. It is the report for 18G5 ; and if the gentle-
man had kept his ears as wide open as he keeps
his mouth he would have heard me when I
stated the date before. [Laughter.]
Mr. PHELPS. I now ask the gentleman fur-
ther: has not Congress since replied to the
recommendations in that report by an appro-
priation of $100,000 for the Naval Academy
at Annapolis ?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. That is beside the
question.
Now, sir, as I was saying, the committee
charged by the House with the duty of examin-
ing into the propriety of removing the Academy
found that it was not originally located at
Annapolis by law; also, that in the opinion
of the Secretary of the Navy the site was unfit
for a Naval Academy; that in order to meet
the increasing requirements of the nation an
expenditure of $800,000, nearly a million,
would be required for additions and improve-
ments ; and further, that in the opinion of the
Secretary it must ultimately be removed, at
the loss of the whole investment at Annapolis.
Therefore, without touching those inquiries
which might well excite the sensitive nerves
of the delegation from Maryland, they reported
to this House—what? I ask you, Mr. Speaker,
and through you gentlemen upon this floor, to
listen for a moment to what the report of the
committee is ; it is not that the School should
be removed from Annapolis; it is not that it
should be taken to Newport, or to New London,
or any other site ; but it is simply this: that
these alleged facts, which are asserted by the
Secretary of the Navy to be of prime import-
ance, should be investigated by a competent
commission of naval officers; the report of
that commission to be made to the Congress
which is to begin its first session in a few days.
The resolution offered by the committee pro-
vides that all the facts connected with the loca-
tion of this Academy at Annapolis shall be
inquired of by a competent commission, and
that the advantages of that site, together with
the greater advantages of other places, if there
be other places more advantageous, shall be
reported for the action of Congress, thirty,
sixty, or ninety day3 hence.
Mr. HILL. Will the gentleman yield for a
moment? I wish to ask him a question.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. The gentleman knows
very well that I have not time to finislTwhat I
hare to say.
Mr. WARD, of New York. Has not the
hour expired?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. HILL. I merely desire to know what
the buildings and grounds at Annapolis cost.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Seven hundred thou-
sand dollars, as near as I can recollect.
Mr. HILL. I have been informed that they
have cost $5,000,000.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Now it seems to me
1 that the proposition of the committee ought to
commend itself to this body.
There is a doubt—-no man can avoid a doubt
—whether there are not facts and circumstances
other than those directly connected with the
fitness of the present site and locality of the
Naval Academy which would justify us, not
perhaps in acting without further knowledge,
but at least in inquiring what is the temper of
; that Maryland constituency which is around
the Academy and in considering the propriety
of removing it.
I hold in my hand a pamphlet or circular
purporting to come from the mayor, aldermen,
and recorder of Annapolis, in which they vouch
; for the loyalty of that city. And how do they
i seek to establish its loyalty? By impugning the
I loyalty of other States and other cities, which, to
say the least, will certainly go down as credit-
ably upon the page of history which records the
events connected with the great rebellion a3
Maryland commenced to go down at the en-
trance upon the struggle.
These gentlemen say that the most specious
and dangerous charge ever made in Maryland
against the Government during the war was
| that in the future Congress would legislate for
the interests of the northern States alone.
Mr. Speaker, was that indeed the most
specious and dangerous charge made in Mary-
land against the Government during the war?
I thought I had heard of a charge made by
a ruffian mob in the streets of the chief city of
Maryland upon the troops of the Government
that were hurrying to defend this capital, a
charge much more "specious and dangerous "
than that which is cited in this pamphlet. I
thought, too, that I had heard of a time when
troops were hurrying from the North upon the
call of the President of the United States to
defend this city, the seat of Government, and
when the Governor of Maryland refused to
allow those Yankee troops to march over the
sacred soil of Pratt street. I thought I had also
heard of a matter pertinent to this debate, that
there was a time when the Government itself
removed this Naval Academy from precautions
of safety to a loyal northern State. But it
seems that these persons living in Annapolis
have not heard of that fact. There was a time
when it was necessary to remove that Naval
Academy from the State of Maryland. I do
not know that that necessity exists at this time,
or that it will ever exist again. But I believe
upon my soul, upon all the testimony I can get,
that if Robert E. Lee was marching his army
again to-day into Maryland we should be com-
pelled, in order to save our Naval School, to
again remove it into a loyal State. I do not
know that that contingency will ever arise; I
pray in God's name it never may.
_ So much for the charges made against other
cities, and the attempt to cover up what every
man must acknowledge with shame, turn his
back upon, and walk away from with shaded
eyes, was the temper exhibited during the war
by the people of Maryland.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Of course I will have
to do so.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. I desire the gentle-
man to inform the House whether Robert E.
Lee did not march his troops into Maryland,
once, twice, three times, and whether the loyal
men of Maryland did not help to drive them
out?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. And I would ask the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. J. L. Thomas]
if he believes that Robert E. Lee would ever
have been driveu from Maryland if it had
