1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1589
been left to the loyal men of Maryland to do
it? And I would also ask the gentleman, if the
loyal men of Maryland were able to drive
oat of that State even the disloyal men of
Maryland 1
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. Yes, sir; the loyal
men of Maryland did drive out the disloyal
men of Maryland.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. It is enough for me
to say that we all know that there was a time,
only five years ago, when we had to take the
Naval Academy away from Maryland. I do not
know that such a time will ever occur again ; I
do not believe that it will. But when I find
the School established in Maryland, in the first
place without authority of law, in an unfit place,
as is stated by the chief officer of the Navy,
and in a place where such things have hap-
pened in the past and may again happen in
the future, as will sink your Navy in a night,
for one, under the instruction of the House, I ;
believe we at least owe it to the future of the I
Navy, which is to bear the thunders of your 1
cannon over every ocean, we owe it to the
Navy and to the loyal people of this country, j
that we shall at least inquire whether there is I
any danger or any disadvantage attending the
location of this School at Annapolis, and at
least give an opportunity to ascertain whether
there is not a better location for it elsewhere.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. I desire to ask the
gentleman another question. I
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Very well. '
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. I would ask the gen-
tleman to state, if he can, what is the loyal ma- ;
jority in the State of Connecticut, and whether
or not it is greater than the loyal majority in the
State of Maryland?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. My friend knows very
well that no Government work or establish-
ment has ever been removed from the State
of Connecticut on account of the disloyal ma-
jority there.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. The gentleman does
not answer my question.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. It is rather unkind in
the gentleman to sit where he does and put
questions to me prompted by his colleague
and by gentlemen on the other side of the
House?
Mr. P. THOMAS. That is an allusion not
warranted by fact. I did not say one word to
him. I do not deal in these small matters.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I do not know whether
my friend from Maryland, [Mr. F. Thomas,]
whom I love a great deal more than I respect,
and I do both as much as one man can in regard
to another, I do not know whether he under-
stood of whom I was speaking or what I was
talking about. I think he mast hare been
mistaken.
An allusion was made by his colleague as to
the political complexion of Connecticut, and
in response to that I stated that I thought it
was a rather unfair argument, that he should
draw into this discussion the Democracy of
Connecticut, when he was having the assist-
ance of gentlemen on that side of the House
who generally act with the Democracy. The
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. F. Thomas,]
who has graced the gubernatorial chair of that
State, as he graces every position in which he
is placed, was not in my contemplation when
I made the remark. He is the last man upon
this floor whose feelings I would intentionally
wound. There is no one whom I more highly
respect, and no one whom I would more regret
to offend.
Now, Mr. Speaker, though I may seem to
have, I certainly have no other or greater in-
terest in this question than the gentleman from
Maryland has. I am merely the exponent of
the views of the committee. The resolution
reported by the committee does not affect,
directly or indirectly, expressly or by implica-
tion, the political—and when I gay " political,"
I speak not in the sense of parties but of sec-
tions—it does not affect the political character
of Maryland; it makes no allusion to what was
alluded to in the original resolution of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Scheuck ;] but it
merely authorizes the raising of a commission
of naval officers to inquire into facts which, as
we think, ought to be inquired into, facts which
may settle the question of the advantages or
disadvantages of the present location of the
Naval Academy.
Sir, the opposition which the present prop-
osition excites I attribute purely to the present
state of feeling in Maryland. If such a reso-
lution had been introduced here six months
ago, upon the basis of the report of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, and proposing to ascertain
whether it was true, as stated in that report,
that we must ultimately abandon the present
location for the Naval Academy, there would
not, I apprehend, have been a voice raised
upon this floor in opposition to it. At any j
rate, sir, it would seem from the feeling now '
manifested in this House, that the vote on this ,
question will range itself, to a great extent,
according to the dividing lines of political par- i
ties.
For one I have stated the facts which ap-
pealed to the committee; I have explained or
tried to explain the action of the committee.
I leave the bill to the judgment of the House,
merely saying with reference to the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sciiexck] in the nature of a substitute,
that I do not see how it can accomplish any
valuable purpose. It proposes that the Speaker
of this House and the President of the Senate
shall appoint a committee, consisting of two
Senators and three members of this House, to
examine the facts with reference to the advan-
tages or disadvantages of different localities.
I have as much respect for gentlemen on this
floor as any man can have; but I do not
believe that there is a man in this House, cer-
tainly I do not think there is one in the other
end of the Capitol, [laughter, ] who is fit to make
an examination of this sort. I do not believe
that we Representatives here are precisely the
fittest persons to examine questions connected
with the location of a naval school; questions
depending, it may be, upon tides, upon currents,
upon the depth of water, freedom of ingress
and egress with reference to the ocean or riv-
ers, and all questions of that sort. I do believe
that a competent board of naval officers can be
formed to determine these questions. I do
believe that the Secretary of the Navy, who
has recommended a change in the location of
this Academy, will not be the person to pack
a board adversely to the interests of the Gov-
ernment. I have nothing more to say.
Mr. LE BLOND. Will the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Brandegee] yield to me for
a few moments ?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Mr. Speaker, how
much time have I remaining?
The SPEAKER. Four minutes.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Well, I yield that to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Le Blond.]
Mr. LE BLOND. Mr. Speaker, I do not
propose to consider the comparative patriot-
ism or loyalty of different States. I think it
is out of place to do so, and especially in my
friend from Connecticut, though the resolution
upon which he has based his remarks had its
origin in that very spirit. But, Mr. Speaker,
it does seem to me that the great West has
been neglected in this matter. Now, I do not
know whether my colleague [Mr. Schenck]
introduced this resolution in good faith. I am
inclined to think that he introduced it in about
the same spirit in which the gentleman from
Chicago [Mr. Wentworth] introduced the res-
olution inquiring into the moral character of
members of his own party.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was in dead earnest.
[Laughter.]
Mr. LE BLOND. Well if my colleague is
in "dead earnest" in this matter he is recre-
ant to the best interests of the State he repre-
sents ; for in his resolution there is not a single
provision that will authorize this commission
to examine the various suitable sites in Ohio
for a naval academy. [Laughter.]
Mt. SCHENCK. My colleague will permit
me to interrupt him so far as to say he is en-
tirely mistaken. There is a general provision
the committee may examine any site at their
discretion, and they may even go into tho
Black Swamp. [Laughter.]
Mr. LE BLOND. The gentleman has come
to my point exactly. Unless mentioned in the
resolution that commission will never examine
any of these other places. We have the Sum-
mit reservoir and other reservoirs in the West
large enough to float the small class of boats.
: [Laughter.] They ought to be examined into
and reported upon. I suppose it is owing to
my living on this large reservoir of seventeen
thousand acres that I have found my way into
the Naval Committee as one of its members.
[Laughter.] Being on that committee, then,
I think it due to the people who live on this
large reservoir that it should be mentioned in
the resolution of my colleague, and this com-
mittee or commission should be enjoined to
make an examination of it. I think it is only
j, fair, and I am surprised my friend from Con-
; necticut, who has spoken so ably of New Lon-
; don, has omitted it. He has New London on
the brain.
! Mr. BRANDEGEE. That is better than
to have no brain to have it on. [Laughter.]
11 The SPEAKER. The time for debate has
1, now expired.
Mr. LE BLOND. I am sorry, as I have not
J concluded what I had to say.
| Mr. J. L. THOMAS moved that the whole
| subject be laid upon the table, and subsequently
withdrew it to take a vote on the direct ques-
tion.
The question recurred on Mr. Schenck's
substitute.
The House divided; and there were—ayea
30, noes 67.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the substitute was rejected.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed. it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BRANDEGEE demanded the previous
question on the passage of the joint resolu-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 87, nays 108, not voting
45; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos E. Ashley,
Brandegee, Sidney Clarke, Deming, Dixon, Donnelly.
Eliot, Garfield, Grinnell, Hooper, Demas Hubbard,
Humphrey, Jenckes, Kelso, Koontz, Lai!in, William
Lawrence, McClurg, Mercur, Morrill, Paine, Patter-
son, Pike, Alexander H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scofield, Shellabarger, Stevens, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Warner, and Wood-
nJlYS—Messrs. Alley, Ancona, James M. Ashley,
Baker. Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Bergen,
Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine. Boyer, Bromwell, Broom-
all, Buckland, Campbell. Cbanler, Cobb, Cook,
/-. r. 11  n * T\_    Tk.r_.nn nAJ A
Abner C. Harding,'Harris, Hart Hawkins, Hayes,
Hiebv. Hill. Hise, Holmes, Hotchkiss, Chester D.
Hubbard, John Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell,
Hutburd. Hunter, Julian, Kelley, Kerr. Ketcham,
Kuykendall. George V. Lawrence, Le Blond, Left-
wich. Loan, Lynch, Marshall, Marvin, Maynard,
McCullough, Melndoe, MeRuer, Moorhead, Morris,
Myers,Newell, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, O'Neill,
Orth, Perham, Phelps, Pomeroy, Radford, Samuel
J. Randall, Hitter, Ross, Rousseau, Shanklin, Sit-
greaves, Spalding, Starr, Stilwell, Stokes, Strousc,
Taber, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas,
Thornton, Trimble, Andrew H. Ward, Hamilton
Ward, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Waehburn,
Welker, Whaley1Williams,*James F.Wilson, Ste-
phen P. Wilson, Windom, and Winfield—108.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Arnell, Barker,
Baxter, Blow, Boatwell, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke,
Conkling, Culver, Darling, Dawes, Delano, Denison,
Driggs, Eckley, Goodyear, Aaron Harding, Hender-
son, Hogan, Asahel W. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell^
Ingersoll, Jones, Kasson, Latham, Longyear, Marir
ton, McKee, Miller, Moulton. Plants, Price, William
H. Randall, Raymond, John H. Rice, Rogers, Sloan.
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Van Aernam,
Robert T. Van Horn. Elihu B. Washbttrne, Went-
worth, and Wright—i5.
So the joint resolution was rejected.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote
