1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91g
Mr. SXJMNBR. I should like to ask the
Senator if there is any reason for the change,
which did not exist during those years when
it was seven cents?
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the first place we
put a very high duty on all the original arti-
cles from which these things are made. The
duty on those is high ; it is not increased ; we
leave it under the old tariff just as it was. We
have not reduced that, because it is a tax
very easily collected and is necessary to the
revenue ; but when the commissioner came to
this article he thought, on examination, that
six cents, adding three more for the prepara-
tion of the chocolate, was ample in the way
of revenue and would afford all the revenue
we ought to get from the article, and that as
the present duty is perhaps more than people
would like to pay, although they yield to it
very readilyon this very cheap and useful ar-
ticle, as I said before, comparatively speaking,
it was well enough to strike olf a cent and
leave it at six cents. There is no doubt about
the protection.
Air. SUMN ER. Do I understand that there
was any evidence on the subject?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The commissioner
took evidence from gentlemen in New York
on the subject.
Mr. SUMNER. I had the impression that
oil this subject there was no evidence.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The matter was not
examined before the committee, because no-
body appeared before us in regard to it. We
took the commissioner's statement.
"Mr. SUMNER. I had the impression that
even before the commissioner there was no
evidence on this subject. That is my under-
standing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The commissioner says
he had.
Mr. SUMNER. Ilis statement is ample ;
but f do not understand that there was anv
complaint from any quarter showing that this
duty was too high. On the contrary, I am in-
structed by those who are most familiar with
it that the proposed change will be injurious.
I make that known to the Senate, and it will
be for them to adopt such a conclusion as they
see fit. Authority which I recognize as valu-
able teaches me that. Then I see myself on
the face of the bill that here in a departure
from the prevailing principle of the bill, so
far as it has any principle.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In this list generally
there is no question of protection involved.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Jt is simply a question
of revenue.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says it is sim-
ply a question of revenue. I submit that by
this change we shall not increase the revenue.
Mr. FESSENDEX. Wo thought we would
make it a cheaper drink without injuring any-
body.
Mr. SUMNER. It will not make it a cheaper
drink.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In 1801 under that
tariif it was fixed at three cents and six cents
a pound. During 1he war we passed another
tariff by which it was up to seven cents, and
we thought, 011 the whole, we might as well
go back to the old rate.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. I have made
my statement to the Senate. It wiil be for
them to act. I hope the change will not be
made.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I now ask the attention of
the Senate to another part of the bill, the pro-
vision relative to oil paintings, on page 76. It
is as follows:
0n oil paintings valued, exclusive of frames, at
$100 and less, thirty dollars each painting; valued
at over $100, thirty dollars each painting, and, In
addition thereto, ten per cent, ad valorem.
It will be remembered that some time ago
petitions were presented to the Senate from
the artists of the country asking for an addi-
tional tax on oil paintings of $100. The com-
39th Cong-. 2d Sess.—No. 58.
inittee had those before them, and I under-
stand, after careful consideration, adopted this
proposition instead of that which the artists
asked. I go with the committee in their con-
clusion as against the artists. I think that they
were wise as far as they went. I think that the
desire of the artists went too far; a $100 tax
on a picture would have been unreasonable :
but now, when 1 have said that, I am obliged
to add that it does not seem to me that the
committee have met the case in the best form,
and I am going to move a slight change in
their proposition. The change which I should
propose would be to this effect: that on all oil
paintings valued at $200 and less there should
be a duty of twenty dollars eaoh painting. I
make a change there both in the valuation of
the picture and in the duty. I raise the valua-
tion from S100 to $200, and reduce the duty
to twenty dollars. Then in the next part of
the proposition I reduce the duty to twenty
dollars.
1 think that the operation of this amendment
of mine would be much mare favorable to art
and to correct taste in the country than that
of the committee. Indeed, I am assured by
those who are most interested in the subject,
who are perfectly familiar with it, that tho
effect of this amendment of the committee will
be to exclude certain European pictures which
all persons of taste would be glad to have; that
is, it would bear too hard upon them; it im-
poses too high a duty. To carry out my idea,
therefore, I shall move to strike out in line one
hundred and forty-eight, section ten, page 70,
the word "one" and insert "two," iu line one
hundred and forty-nine to strike out "thirty"
and insert "twenty;" in line one hundred and
fifty, to strike out "one" and insert "two,"
and also to strikeout "thirty" and insert
"twenty;" so that the clausc will read:
On oil paintings valued, cxclusivo of frames, :i t $'200
and less, $20 each painting: valued at oyer two bun-
dled dollar*. $20 each painting, and, in addition
thereto, ten per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All this is a matter of
opinion. I will simply state the 'views that
were entertained by the committee on the sub-
ject, and the grounds on which they caine to
that conclusion. Wo had before us a gentle-
man from Philadelphia, a gentleman known to
one member of the committee, I believe, of
established reputation as a painter, and who
represented the association both in New York
and in Philadelphia. Wo had a memorial
before us—I think that was from Boston 
Mr. SUMNELt. I presented that myself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Asking for a duty of
$100 on each painting. This gentleman came
before us as the delegate selected by the artists
to represent their wishes, and he stated to us
that he thought the proposition to put $100
on each painting was unreasonable; that he
thought perhaps it ought to be forty dollars on
each painting costing $100 or less, and then
increasing at the rate of ton per cent, accord-
ing t,o the value. He said that with regard to
himself and a large number of other artists in
the country the matter made no difference;
they sold their pictures at remunerative prices
as fast as they could execute them; but he said
it was important for the encouragement of young
artists in the country, who did not have much
encouragement, and who were obliged to fight
their way through a great many difficulties,
actuated by their love of art, through perhaps
years of poverty before they could arrive at that
sort of eminence which was at all remunerative.
For their protection, he thought, and the artists
thought generally, it was necessary to exclude
as far as possible these cheap pictures which
are painted in Europe, or at any rate to limit
their importation; that by putting on this duty
we should got some revenue in the first place,
and in the next place we should effect that very
desirable purpose which would also have the
additional effect of preventing the bad results
that followed from having so many ill-executed
and ordinary paintings, showing no very great
proficiency in art, throughout the country ; and
therefore that the artists, especially the older
ones, were desirous, for the benefit of the con-
siderable number of persons who arostruggling
to make themselves proficient, of having a duty
of this description put upon these productions.
After much deliberation, instead of fixing
the bounty at forty dollars, whieli^is gentle-
man thought was about right, we concluded to
fix the duty at thirty dollars on all under $100
in value and then to increase at the rate of
ten per cent, ad valorem, as the price rose.
That is manifestly proper, because these things
command a price according to their finish, and
these high-priced pictures are purchased ordi-
narily by persons who can very well afford to
pay for them, and to pay theduty on them, too,
at the same time.
I liavo stated the opinion which that del-
egate from the artists presented to us. We
thought it was right,, and wc were unanimous
in the conclusion to which we came, which is
embodied in this bill. I suppose the honorable
Senator does not pretend to judge of this with-
out information; he undoubtedly has informa-
tion from some other person; but. 1 am inclined
to think that this gentleman who represented
the whole body of the artists is quite as likely
to be right as the informant of my honorable
friend from Massachusetts. My own opinion
is—of course I have no feeling or wish about it
—that wc had better adhere to the conclusion
to which the committee came on the subject.
Mr. J OIINSON. How much is it proposed
to reducc it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It now stands at thirty
dollars on all not costing over $100, The
Senator moves to amend by malting the val-
uation $200 aud reducing the duty to twenty
dollars, which makes a very material change.
Mr. CATTELL. The chairman of the com-
mittee has covercd the whole ground on this
subject with one single exception I think—if
I am in error he will correct me—and that is,
that one of tho very largest importers of pic-
tures in New York addressed a letter to us
assenting to this duty of thirty dollars as being
just about, the right thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 remember that now.
It escaped my attention at the moment.
Mr. CATTELL. So that the artists them-
selves and those who import the pictures are
agreed upon this. The duty as proposed by
the committee is a very large reduction on
what was asked by the representative of the
artists; but I think it is just about right.
Mr. SUMNER. I agree entirely in the gen-
eral remarks of the Senator from Maine. I
coincide perfectly in what he sots forth as the
object of this proposition. I want to do some-
thing to keep bad pictures out of the country,
if possible, and also to encourage our artists
at home. There we go along together. The
simple question is, by what form of proposi-
tion shall we practically accomplish that in the
best way? Now, if we followed the artists
implicitly we should not have the support of
the Senator from Maine, for the artists appear
here by petition, in which a very large number
have united, nearly all the artists of Boston , I
think, asking for a duty of $100 on these pic-
tures ; but the committee have not accepted
that proposition. They put it ai thirty dollars,
and as I understand they do it on the author-
ity of an artist from Philadelphia, and now the
Senator from New Jersey says also on the
authority of a dealer in pictures in New York.
Well, I cannotsay that I speak on the authority
of any artist in Philadelphia or any dealer in
pictures in New York; but 1 do speak on an
authority which to me is better than both com-
bined ; and then I add that I. do bring to it
such judgment as I have on the question. I
claim very little, however, for my own judg-
ment, though it is a topic which has occupied
some of my attention for so me time; but I have
in my hand, a letter from a person so circum-
stanced as to be absolutely unselfish, and also
so circumstanced at this moment as to find it
liia special duty to study this question. I
would rather not mention his name, because I
