1590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
by which the joint resolution was rejected; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
rations issued to civilians.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in response to a resolution of the
House, relative to the issue of rations to per-
sons not belonging to the Army; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
agricultural report.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House the annual report
of the Commissioner of Agriculture for the
year 1866; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRINNELL moved that the usual
number of extra copies be printed; which
motion, under the law, was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
tiie tariff bill.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union to take up the special order, being the
amendment of the Senate to the tariff bill.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
72, noes 36.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Pomeroy in the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of the amend-
ment of the Senate in the nature of a substi-
tute to House bill No. 718, to provide increased
revenue from imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. MORRILL moved to dispense with the
first reading of the substitute for information.
Objection was made.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
substitute.
Mr. MORRILL. I think the House will
agree to dispense with this reading, and to
read the substitute by paragraph for amend-
ment, and I therefore move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the Chair, Mr. Pome-
roy reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had the Union generally under consider-
ation, and particularly House bill No. 718, to
provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
Mr. MORRILL moved to suspend the rules
so as to dispense with the further reading of
the Senate amendment in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BENJAMIN demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. ALLISON. As I understand, this is a
single amendment to the House bill?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. ALLISON. Then there is no first
reading.
Mr. KUYKENDALL. Have we not a right
to have it read once ?
Mr. MORRILL. We can spend as much
time in proposing amendments as we shall
consume in reading the bill. It seems to me,
therefore, a very dull process compared with
proposing and debating amendments.
WILSON, of Iowa. This a very un-
usual motion.
\rr- AVery usual motion.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to ask
the gentleman, as chairman of the committee
ivhat course he intends to take with this bill in
the Committee of the Whole, whether it is ex-
pected to bring us to a vote upon the bill by
taking it out of the Committee of the Whole
by a majority vote without a single amend-
ment made to it in the Committee of the
Whole ?
Mr. MORRILL. That is not the purpose.
I he purpose in suspending the first reading is
to allow the gentleman from Iowa and any
other gentleman to propose such amendments
as they please, and when the House shall
become tired of offering amendments it will
then be my duty to get a vote on the bill in the
House.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to make an ap-
peal to the chairman of the committee. I
suggest that we dispense with the first reading
of the bill, and let it be read over as though
we were in the Committee of the Whole on the
second reading, and let amendments be offered
as the Clerk proceeds, so that gentlemen can
offer such amendments as they may desire to
the bill from beginning to end.
Mr. HILL. 1 insist that all debate is out
of order, and that the question shall be put.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on suspending the
rules ; and there were—yeas 85, nays 49, not
voting 56 ; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ancona,
James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Bidwell,
Bingham, Blaine, Boutwcll, Boyer, Broomall, Buck-
land, Bundy, Conkling, Cullom, Darling, Davis,
Dawes, Dawson, Doming, Dixon, Dodge, Eliot, Gar-
field, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Hart, Higby, Hogan,
Holmes, Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, John H. Hub-
bard, James R. Ilubbell, Ilulburd, Jenekes, ICelley,
Kelso, Ketcham, Koontz, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Loan, Lynch. Marvin, MeClurg, Mc-
Iluer, Mereur, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Myers,
Newell, O'Neill, Paine, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy,
Price, William II. Randall, Raymond, Alexander
II. Rice, John II. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Scofield,
Shellabarger, Sitgreavcs, Spalding, Stevens, Strouso,
Thayer, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Hamilton Ward,
Warner, William B. Washburn, Welker, Williams,
Stephen F.Wilson, and Woodbridge—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnell, Dcloa It. Ashley, Baker,
Benjamin, Bergen, Campbell, Chanler, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Cook, Cooper, Defrees, Eggleston, Eldridge,
Farquhar, Finck, Glossbrenncr, Abner C!. Harding,
Harris, Hawkins, Hayes, Hill, Hise, Edwin N. Hub-
bell, Humphrey, Hunter, Julian, Kerr, Kuykendall,
Le Blond, Leftwich, Marshall, Maynard, Nicholson,
Orth, Radford, Ritter, Ross, Rousseau, Shanklin,
Stokes, Taber, Nelson Taylor, Francis Thomas, John
L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Andrew H. Ward,
and James F. Wilson—49.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Barker, Bea-
man, Blow, Brandcgee, Bromwell, Reader W. Clarke,
Culver, Delano, Dcnison, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont,
Eckley, Farnsworth, Ferry, Goodyear, Aaron Hard-
ing, Henderson, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Demas Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jones, Kasson, Laflin,
Latham, Longyear, Marston, McCulIough, Mclndoe,
McKeo, Miller, Moulton, Niblack, Noell, Patterson,
Phelps, Plants, Samuel J. Randall, Rogers, Schenck,
Sloan, Starr, Stilwoll, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Trow-
bridge, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn. Elihu
B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, Wentworth,
Whaley, Windom, Winfield, and Wright—56.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the rules were not suspended.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the amendments of the House to the
amendment of the Senate to the joint resolu-
tion of the House No. 224, giving additional
compensation to certain employes in the civil
service of the Government at Washington.
enrolled bills and joint resolutions.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills and
joint resolutions of the following titles ; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 904) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th
June, 1868, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 912) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868;
An act (H. It. No. 1051) for the relief of
Henry P. Blanchard;
An act (H. R. No. 1062) relative to the port
of Camden, New Jersey;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 213) to extend
the provisions of the act in regard to agricult-
ural colleges to the State of Tennessee;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 290) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of the Navy to grant the use
of guns for trial of Ridgway's battery;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 224) giving
additional compensation to certain employes
in the civil service of the Government at
Washington; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 271) authorizing
the Secretary of War to adjust and settle the
claim of D. Randolph Martin, assignee of the
Washington, Alexandria, and Georgetown Rail-
road Company.
tariff bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
i The motion was agreed to.
,' So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
I. of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
1 Pomeroy in the chair,) and resumed the con-
!' sideration of the special order, being bill of the
] House No. 718, to provide increased revenue
] | from imports, and for other purposes.
1 The Clerk resumed the reading of the Sen-
jj ate amendment, and before completing the
!! same the hour of half past four o' clock arrived,
<! and the House took a recess until half past
seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
captain william m'kean.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, by unanimous
consent, reported from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions a bill for the relief of Captain
William McKean ; which was read a first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place upon the pen-
sion-roll the name of William McKean, late
captain of company I, ninety-second regiment
of New York volunteers, and pay to him the
same pension allowed by the general pension
laws to persons having lost the sight of both
eyes in the military service of the United States,
the pension to be paid under the restrictions
and limitations imposed by the general pension
laws.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, aud passed.
Mr.TAYLOR, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tariff bill.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Pomeroy in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill of the House No. 718, to
provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes.
The Clerk resumed and concluded the read-
ing of the amendment of the Senate in the
nature of a substitute for the bill of the House.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire now to present an
amendment in the nature of a substitute for the
amendment of the Senate; and in order to sat-
isfy the curiosity of any gentleman present, I
will say that the substitute which I propose to
offer is mainly the bill as reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means. I shall, how-
ever, propose some few alterations, not exceed-
ing, I believe, a dozen or fifteen, in which cases
it is proposed to place the duty at slightly lower
rates than were proposed by the Committee of
Ways and Means.
I will say further that in the progress of
amendment and discussion which may be had
upon the bill now pending any decisive vote
that may be given would be considered in the
nature perhaps of instructions. And there-
