914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
do not wish to bring it into contest. Suffice it
to say that his authority with me is complete.
I requested his opinion on this proposition,
and I will read to you his reply:
"Sir: In obedience to your wish I make the fol-
lowing suggestions in relation to the increased tariff
on paintings:
" 1. That there should be a specific duty on paint-
ings of twenty dollars on each picture valued at $200
or less.
"2. That an ad valorem duty- of ten per cent, should
be added on every painting valued at over $200.
The motion that I have made, it will be ob
served, is in harmony with this suggestion. He
then proceeds:
"By this the artists are fully protected against the
importation of trash..
* It will increase tbe revenue largely.
"It will prevent undervaluation at the custom-
house.
"Thirty per cent, will keep out all of that excel-
lent class of pictures by FrSre, Lambinct, Plassan,
Compte Calix, Dewergen, &e."
Mr. FESSENDEN. What does he say will
" keep those out?
Mr. SUMNER. Thirty per cent. That is
what is proposed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The duty on the bill
is thirty dollars on all valued at $100 and less;
and the works of those artists whom he men-
tions, if they are eminent in their profession,
will not come within that class. They will
come much higher. He has made a mistake.
Mr. SUMNER. I think he has made no
mistake, because his comment is on the text
of the bill with that before him. He pro-
ceeds :
" It will admit only, and but afew of those, of Con-
ture, lissot, Meissonnicr, Aohonbach, and tho liko.
It will check tho growth of the t:iste for the fine arts.
It will nearly destroy tho revenue from this source.
It will bo a most unpopular measure, for tho propo-
sition to increase the tanffon works ofartlias already
met with tho nearly unanimous condemnation of the
press.
" Feeling a doop and entirely unselfish interest in
their matter, for ono, I trust that you will use your
influence," * * + ■ " against any measuro
which, like that proposed, is certain to injure it."
I have introduced this letter because it is a
clear statement and from a gentleman in whom
I place entire confidence.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator, if he has no objection, in what busi-
ness this person is so engaged, as he is said to
have extraordinary opportunities to form a
proper judgment on this question?
Mr. SUMNER. lie has for some time boon
engaged in writing on art as an art critic, a
student of art therefore, he, as he says him-
self, having no selfish interest in the value of
pictures, but having a peculiar interest in the
growth of taste in our country and in the
patronage of good pictures. I have had another
letter from still another person situated in the
same way ; that is, a writer on art, one who
has written much, and whose writings for sev-
eral years I have always read with very great
interest whenever he touched artistic questions,
and he has written U> me in the same vein.
The question being put, there wore—ayes
two——•
Several Senators. Give it up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is a further
count demanded?
Mr. SUMNER. Lotus have the other side.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That will render a call
of the yeas and nays necessary. Let us have
the yeas and nays in order to get a quorum.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I give it up.
I. he amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I am going to make one
more eflort to remove a tax on knowledge. I
move to insert in the free list, on page 99, sec-
tion eighteen, after line thirty, the following:
Books in foreign languages.
Now, that is a new-proposition. I have not
presented it before, though in the remarks that
I have made I have alluded to it. The Senate
therefore have not voted upon it. If they will
give me their attention for one minute I will
enable them to understand how I regard it. .
By the proposed tariff all books in foreign
languages are to pay twenty per cent, ad va-
lorem. Of course by "books in foreign lan-
guages" is meant, as I understand it, not only
books in the living languages, but in the dead
languages, Latin and Greek, twenty per cent.
ad valorem,. And why that tax? Not' for
protection, for no such books are printed-in
our country. The Senator from New York
by me [Mr. Morgan] whispers to me that it is
for revenue. How much revenue will you get
out of it ? The importations are not very large.
The revenue, therefore, would not be much.
But what is the effect of the tax? So far as
it has any effect it is to burden this importa-
tion of books, to make all who use books in
foreign languages pay this tax of twenty per
cent. The persons that use most of those
books are not able to pay that tax. They are
clergymen, scholars,- and the students of the
country. Beyond that, they are the large, I
might almost say, multitudinous population of
foreigners now distributed throughout our
country. Here are the Germans everywhere,
and they still cling, more or less, to their
fatherland. They wish to keep up their ac-
quaintance with its literature. Germans every-
where are essentially students, and I might
almost say essentially scholars.
I have now on my table two catalogues I hava
received this very morning. Ono is entitled
"A Philological Catalogue" of works recently
published an d on sale at a German house. The
catalogue is of forty pages of works merely re-
lating to philology. Here are works in the Cau-
casian language, the Hindoo languages, Chi-
nese, Japanese, Hebrew, Chaldee, Samaritan,
_&c. Now, why should persons who are engaged
in studies which require these works be com-
pelled to pay this tax? When I mention this
subject you will see at once that nobody enters
into it except the scholars and students of the
country, men who cannot afford to pay this
additional tax. Here is another catalogue
which is entitled, "An Educational Cata-
logue." That is fifty pages of works relating
to education; the larger part of them in the
German language; works interesting to every
person who can read Gorman and who is en-
gaged iii educational pursuits.
I have never heard but one argument in
favor of this tax, and that I shall slate. It is
said that if you take off this tax it will cheapen
modern French novels. Suppose it does;
modern French novels constitute but a very
small part of foreign literature; they are a
small part even of the literature of France.
Read any catalogue -of recent French publi-
cations, and you will find that they perhaps
are not more than a tenth or a twentieth of
that literature; and if you examine the cata-
logues of all the modem nations you will find
that their proportion is still less. I submit,
therefore, that the argument that you are
going to make French novels cheaper is of
little value when I plead for cheap books that
are essential to the scholarship and the studies
of our country.
Mr. WILLIAMS.^ I should like to ask the
honorable Senator if he is quite sure that no
Latin and Greek books, as he supposes, are
published in the United States?
Mr. SUMNER. There are a great many.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Would not books pub-
lished in those languages in foreign countries
compete with the publishing houses of the
United States if there was no tariff?
Mr. S^UMNER. I think not. I think that
the Latin and Greek books that are published
m the United States are entirely for school-
books.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They could send them
abroad and have them printed there and
import them.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says they
could send them abroad, print them there,
and then import them; but the Senator forgets
that these Latin and Greek books are prepared
by our own scholars, the professors in our own
colleges. Some of the professors in his own
State of Maine have done much at that. There
are several of the editions of the Greek writers
that have been edited at the colleges in Maine;
and they would be published here on the spot
where the professors reside, where they could
examine the proof-sheets. I do not think
that there would be any competition that would
trouble them, while, on the other handj all of
those people would be delighted to receive
their books free of duty. I submit that it is
hard on the professor or the schoolmaster,
who has his insignificant salary, and who you
may say is troubled with the ambition of schol-
arship, to compel him to pay your high duties.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. SHERMAN. 'I desire to have a vote
again on the amendment I offered last evening.
I have modified it somewhat at the suggestion
of several Senators. It is on page 26, section
seven, at the end of line seventeen, to insert:
And any person or corporation may import and
use railroad iron at any time within two years upon
paying the duties imposed by law, any provision in
any act of Congress to tho contrary notwithstanding.
This applies solely to the Southern Pacific
railroad, and perhaps one or two other rail-
roads authorized by the United States. The
number of miles to be built next year, accord-
ing to the estimates submitted to us, is from
five to six hundred miles on the different
branches of this road ; some say seven hun-
dred, there being three branches of the road
now being constructed, and the one on the
Pacific slope, making four branches. The
probable number of miles will be about five
hundred. I estimate at the rate of about one
hundred tons of iron to the mile, sixty pounds
to the yard, and that will make the require-
ments of these roads fifty thousand tons. If
this should be imported it will yield us a reve-
nue of over seven hundred and. fifty thousand
dollars.
As I stated last night, the mills of this country
cannot supply all that is desired. Large quan-
tities are now imported and laid down within
fifty miles of the rolling-mills. The present
price of railroad iron, delivered on ship-board
abroad, is between five and six pounds per
ton, or less than thirty dollars. The present
price of American iron is eighty-five dollars
per ton. The restriction on the Union Pacific
railroad compels them to take all their iron
from the interior of Pennsylvania and the
Atlantic slope,- and thence around by Cape
Horn to" California. So with the branch roads ;
they are required to carry their iron by rail-
road transportation from the place of manufac-
ture across the continent, now four hundred
miles west of Omaha, while the English rail-
road iron can be brought up in steam vessels
and be landed at Omaha. The difference in
cost to the railroad company will be consider-
able, while the revenue derived from this iron,
if,imported, will be about three quarters of a
million dollars. The rolling-mills will not be
materially injured, because they are all kept
in full blast, and if a dozen more were con-
structed they would have" enough to do to
supply the railroads of the United States with
iron.
I think these are the only facts that bear
upon it. I always thought the restriction a
severe one, but just now it is oppressive. If
suspended for two years by that time we may
have rolling-mills enough in this country to
supply the demand for railroad iron. So far
as my State is concerned, we are not at all
interested in the matter; the roads are far
beyond our reach; but I feel that it is just and
right to this road, in which the United States
have so large an interest, that this restriction
should be removed.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to offer an
amendment, on page 89, section fifteen, at the
end of line nine, to insert:
Provided. That all animals imported from Europe
lor breeding purposes only shall bo admitted free.
