1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
915
Does the Senator from Maine assent to this
amendment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
what he proposes to do with race horses?
They will come in under that head. If you
say "ibr breeding purposes only," how are
you going to distinguish ?
Mr. SPRAGUE. I do not desire to take
up the time of the Senate on this proposition.
I believe every Senator will appreciate the
importance of it. If wo can raise the value
of the stock of this country by importing ani-
mals from abroad that have received the atten-
tention for ages of the ablest and best practical
experience of the time and of the world, the
advantage to this country will be incalculable.
I cannot conceive of anything that would be
more to the advantage, to the wealth, and to
the prosperity of this country, of its agricult-
ural, its manufacturing, its commercial, and
other interests than the adoption, as a general
principle, of the introduction free of superior
breeds of animals. By so doing you will
enhance the value of your live stock incalcu-
lably. The importation of superior stock has
done wonders in certain sections of this coun-
try; and if we can extend it throughout the
country the wealth that will be created will be
astonishing. I would apply it to any kind of
stock. I think that the emulation created by
the introduction of the race horse would far
more than compensate for the amount los>t to
the revenue by his introduction free of duty.
The question being put on the amendment,
there were—ayes 5, noes 6 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Lot us have the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. T should like tp inquire
of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman-]—
1 suppose lie is familiar with the subject—what
amount of revenue during the past year lias
been realized from the importation of live
stock. I should like to know how far this
proposition will affect the revenue of the coun-
try. I suppose not very seriously. The ob-
ject of the amendment, as I understand it, is
to encourage the importation of blooded stock.
Certainly that is of very great importance, and
if the Government can contribute anything
toward that I think it would be very well to
do so. I cannot see how Senators who vote
annually very laige appropriations for the Agri-
cultural Depaitmeut can question this propo-
sition.
Mr. SHERMAN. The duty on the blooded
stock imported during the last year amounted
to $21,000.
Mr. IIIiNDRICKS. Thenitisa very trifling
question to the revenue ; very trilling, indeed.
As 1 was going on to say, I cannot see why a
Senator who votes appropriations for the sup-
port of the Agricultural Department, and who
voted in former years for the appropriation
of land to agricultural colleges in the States,
should oppose this proposition. It is a prop-
osition in favor of the agricultural interest, to
encourage the cultivation and the raising of
fine stock in this country. There is no reason
why we should not have stock in this country
equal to that found in any country. I think
the amendment ought to be adopted. It seems
to me it ought not to be questioned.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I can only say in refer-
ence to this subject that the expense of import-
ing blooded stock is so great that it requires
the combination, as a general thing, of compa-
nies before they can bring any superior stock
from Europe here. The insurance companies
refuse to insure animals of that character, or
indeed any animals from that considerable
distance, and the importers are obliged to take
the whole risk. In the locations in this coun-
try where companies have been formed and
where this superior blooded stock has been
introduced it has increased the value of the
stock many hundred per cent., and my desire
is that it should not be confined to localities,
but that it should extend throughout the whole
country. There is a great loss in this import-
ation. Not more than a year or two ago the
value of thirty-two horses imported in this way
of from 5100,000 to $150,000 was lost. Of
course all this discourages the importation,
discourages the enterprise; and we are obliged
to depend upon our natural stock which does
not improve upon itself. It needs the introduc-
tion of stock that has been brought up by
experience, by the application of money and
of attention in those countries that have de-
voted so much time to it. .
I should not think it would require the atten-
tion of the Senate a moment to accede to this
proposition. Stock is free everywhere else.
They invite its introduction by all sorts of
inducements in every other country, and con-
sider it a matter of vast importance that the
stock of one country that has become superior
in that country should go into another, and in
that way improve the stock of the country into
which it is introduced.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall vote for this prop-
osition, because I believe that the introduction
of good stock will add to the public resources.
1 vote for it on precisely the ground on which
I have made my various propositions for cheap
books. The Senator from Rhode Island voted
against the introduction of cheap books.
Mr. SPRAGUE. No, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; he voted against introducing cheap books
into the country, through which I hoped to ele-
vate the education of the land.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the connection
between the two ?
Mr. SPRAGUE. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; I voted for it.
Mr. SUMNER. T stated the connection.
The argument in favor of the proposition of
the Senator from Rhode Island is, that the in-
troduction of this stock will add to the public
resources and the public wealth and will raise
the standard of the cattle and of horses. The
introduction of good books will raise the stand-
ard of something higher than cattle or horses,
of men. The Senator from Rhode Island,
however, voted against that. 1 listened to his
argument in favor of his own proposition. 1
simply apply it to mine. He did not say one
word in favor of introducing his stock fee of
duty that is not completely applicable to the
introduction of books free of duty. 1 shall
vote "with him, however.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 11 ; as follows :
YE.VS—Messrs. Buek.il cw, Cragin, Davis. Doolittlo,
Fogg, Fowler, Grimes, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks,
Johnson, Norton, Patterson, Sherman vSprague, S tow-
art, Sumner, Trumbull, W'acic, and Yates—20.
NAYS — Mosxrs. Connies. Edmunds. Fcssenden,
Frchnghnyscn, Howe, Morgan, Poland, Van Winkle.
Willow Williams, and Wilson—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. An tliony. Brown. Cnt tell, Chand-
ler, Cowan, Creswell, Dixon, Foster, Guthrie, How-
ard, Kirkwood, bane, MeDougall, Morrill, Ncsmith,
Nye, Pomcroy, Ramsey, ltiddle, Ross, and Situls-
bui-y—21.
So the amendment to the amendment ivas
agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. On page 35, section seven,
line two hundred and forty-one, I move to
strike out, "six" and to insert "eight;" so
that the clause will read:
On files, file blanks, rasps, and floats of every de-
scription, not exceeding ten inches in length, twelve
cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty per
cent, ad valorem - over ten inches in length, eight
cents per pound, itnd, in addition tlicroto, thirty
per cent, ad valorem.
I desire to say that I have conferred with the
chairman of the committee, and also the Com-
missioner of the Revenue, and they make no
objection to this amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make no objection
to it.
The amendment to the amendment was
was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. On page 31, sectionseven,
line oue hundred and lifty-three, I move to
strike out " five" and to insert " seven ;!! so as
to read:
On horseshoe nails, aUkinds.seveneentsperpound.
This has also received the assent of the com-
missioner.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know that every-
body in the Senate is bound if the commissioner
has agreed with the Senator to raise the price
of these articles. We are proceeding here,
step by step, and raising the tariff upon all
these articles 
Mr. SPRAGUE. I will observe that the
tariff is the same as the old bill on this article.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What " old bill ? "
Mp. SPRAGUE. The present law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How many are im-
ported ?
Mr. SPRAGUE. You may import a great
many under the increased duties on iron and
rails, and I have no doubt there will be.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think these numerous
amendments that are made may work great in-
jury to persons concerned. To add two cents,
making the duty on horseshoe nails seven cents
instead of five, is adding a very considerable
tax, as- it strikes mo, to the article, and will
make it much more expensive to the consumer.
However, I do not speak particularly about
this amendment, but about these numerous
amendments. If you put all these little amend-
ments together they entirely change the nature
and effect of this bill, and the tariff that is im-
posed upon these various articles amount to
very much more than those who have examined
the subject suppose to bo necessary; but there
seems to be a determination to keep adding,
piling one tax upon another here, without any
particular reason that I can see. Some Sen-
ator rises and makes a motion to add two cents
or three cents or any sum to the tax already
fixed, and it seems to go through without much
objection. So far as I am concerned I object
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not care mueli
whether this amendment be adopted or not;
but I agree entirely with the honorable Sena-
tor from Oregon as to these continued amend-
ments. No horseshoe nails have been im-
ported into this country, and none can be.
We shall manufacture them all for ourselves,
whether the duty is five or seven cents. There
is no importation, no competition 
Mr. CONNESS. 'They arc just as safe from
competition as screws.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly; just as safe
as any article in the whole tariff. Jt is merely
making the tariff look higher for no possible
object in the world. There are none imported,
and none will be imported.
Now, I wisli to make an appeal to the friends
of this bill, if it has any/riends in the Senate—
I do not know whether it has or not. If they
desire to have the tariff passed at this session
of Congress they have got to stop this eternal
offering of amendments. This is the tenth day
that this bill has been under consideration, and
the committee, took up a little more than one
day with their amendments. I do not com-
plain of it, but 1 ask Senators to consider what
has got to be done. We have now got through
the month of January and we must adjourn on
the 4tli of March. This bill must go to_ the
House, must be examined by the Committee
of Ways and Means, because they have got, to
compare it with their contemplated bill affect-
ing the internal revenue. That must be a work
of time. They cannot do it in less than a week
or ten days, perhaps more. Then it has got to
be acted upon in the House, and then come
back to the Senate with amendments, and we
have got to discuss them, besides all the other
business wo have got to do. Now, if we keep
drizzling along in this way it is impossible that
the bill shall become a law at the present ses-
sion, and I wish the friends of the bill to
understand it.
If these amendments were at all material, if
the bill could not be corrected in the House,
if there is any mistake about it, I would not
make these suggestions; but if anything is
omitted which gentlemen want, or anything
needs correction, it can be done by the House
committee. It is important that this hill should
get through the Senate, if it is going to get
through at all, and that speedily. I know how
it works. Every ontsider who wants an amend-
ment comes to his Senator or some other Sen-
