152
tSM CONGRESSIONAL <JLOBB.
December IT,
before the House tie following message from
the President of the United States:
2*o the Senate and House of Representatives:
I communicate a translation of a letter of the
17th of August last, addressed, to me by His
Majesty^.-Alexander, Emperor of Russia, m
reply to the joint.resolution of Congress, ap-
proved on the 16th. day of May, 1806, relating
to the attempted assassination of the Emperor,
a. certified copy of- which was in compliance
•with the request of Congress forwarded to His
Majesty by the hands of Gustavus V. Fox, late
Assistant Secretary of the Navy of the United
States.; " : . ANDREW JOHNSON. .
Washington, December 14, 1866.
Mr. MAYNARD. Would it be in'order to
call for the reading of the translation accom-
panying this message ?
The SPEAKER. It -will be read, if any
gentleman calls for it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the reading.
The Clerk read as follows:
[Translation.]
Sis Majesty the Emperor of Russia to the President
of the United States of America :
Petep.hop, 17th August, 1866.
1 have received from the hands of Mr. Eox the
resolution of the Congress of the United States of
America on the occasion of the providential grace
of which I have been the object.
, That mark of sympathy has moved me sensibly. It
is not alone personal; it attests once more the sen-
timcnts that bind the American nation to that of
Russia.
The two peoples have no injuries to rcmembor, but
only good relations. Under all circumstances new
proofs of mutual benevolence are added.
These cordial relations are as conducive to their
reciprocal interests as to the good of civilization and
humanity, and answer the designs of divine Provi-
dence, whose will is peace and concord among all
nations.
It gives me a lively pleasure to see these ties con-
stantly strengthened more and more. I have im-
parted my sentiments to Mr. Pox. I pray you to be
my interpreter to Congress, and tbe American people
whom it represents. Tell them how much I appre-
ciate, and with me the whole of Russia, the testimo-
nies of friendship they havogiven me, and bowhappy
I will be to see the American nation grow in strength
and prosperity by the union and constant practice of
the civic virtues that distinguish it.
. Accept, at the same time, the assurance of the high
consideration with which I am your good friend,
ALEXANDER.
The message, with the accompanying docu-
ment, was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
atchison and pike's peak railroad.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous conscnt,
laid before the House the following message
from the President of the United States:
To the House of Representatives:
I transmit herewith a report from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, in answer to a resolution
of the House of Representatives of the 10th
instant, in relation to the Atchison and Pike's
Peak Railroad.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, December 15, 1866.
Mr. LOAN. I move that this message, with
the accompanying report, be referred to the
Committee on the Pac/ fie Railroad, and ordered
to be printed.
The motion was agi eed to.
1 new mexico.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the journal of the Legislature
of the Territory of New Mexico for the session
of 1865-G6; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
peace in south america.
Mr. BINGHAM, By unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas wars destructive of commerce and injuri-
ous and prejudicial to republican institutions have
for some time been carried on between Spain and
several of the South American States on the Pacific
coast, and also between Paraguay and Brazil, Ura-
guay and the Argontine Republic on the Atlantic
coast; Now, therefore,
Resolved, That tbe Committee on Foreign Affairs
inquiro and report whether tho friendly offiees of the ,
United States ought not to bo used, if practicable, to
promote peacc and harmony in South America.
personal explanation".
Mr. WARD, of New York, (having obtained
unanimous consent to make a statement,) said:
Mr. Speaker, I observe, on examining the New
York papers of last Saturday, that my name
is omitted from the list of members who voted
upon the bill extending suffrage in the District
of Columbia. I voted in favor of that bill.
I desire also to say that, on examining the
index of the Globe for the last session, Ifind
that all my acts and doings for that session are
attributed to Elijah Ward, who was a distin-
guished member of the former Congress, but
is not a member of this. I do not know th^t
I can remedy this error except by making this
statement to go tipon the record, so that a very
worthy gentleman may not be charged with
things which he would not like to father.
public buildings and grounds.
Mr. LATHAM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committeo on Rules be, and the
same is hereby, directed to inquire into the propriety
of consolidating thfe committees of the two Houses of
Congress on public building3 and grounds into a
joint committee.
juries in the district of columbia.
Mr. WILLIAMS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to regulate the selection of
juries for the several courts of the District of
Columbia; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
suffrage in the district (}f columbia.
Mr. BIDWELL. Mr. Speaker, when the
vote was taken on Friday last on the bill con-
cerning suffrage in the District of Columbia I
was absent, not expecting that so important a
measure would be passed on private bill day.
I move that the rules be suspended so that all
those who were then absent may have leave to
record their votes on that question.
The motion was agreed to; and leave was
granted accordingly.
henry miller.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee appointed to inves-
tigate the circumstances cennceted with the murder
of certain Union sol--iiers in South Carolina be
instructed also to investigate, under the powers
already conferred upon them, and report without
delay to this House all the facts connected with
the confinement in the jail at Walterboro', South
Carolina, of Henry Miller, under sentence of death,
for the alleged crime of desertion from the rebel
army and acting as a spy for General Shorman during
the late war.
There was no objection.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, as a reason
for offering that resolution I communicate to
this House certain information which I received
in a letter from a highly respectable citizen of
New York. I ask the letter to be read only
so far as I have marked it.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Jacob Miller, a German, residing in this town, a
man of respectability, with whom I have been ac-
quainted for several years, has a brother by the
name of Henry Miller, who residedin South Carolina
at the time the rebellion broke out, and as he did
not wish to join the rebels he concealed himself to
avoid being impressod, but was discovered and forced
into their army. When General Sherman passed
through, he deserted from themand joined tho Union
army; he informed General Sherman that in a certain
plaeo stores, ammunition, andhorseswere concealed.
General Sherman detailed sixty men whowerepiloted
by Miller to the place and the property was seeured.
Mr. Miller,together with his wifo and ohiIdren,wero
then sentforward by General Sherman at the expense
of tho Government .to this town, where thoy remained
until the war was ovor; his wifo then returned to tho
South (she being a southern woman) to look after
their affairs; he soon followed and commoneed
farming, whereby he earned a. few hundred dollars.
A short time sine® he was arrested as a deserter and a
spy—ho employed two lawyers to defend him, giving
them all Ms money—was tried, convicted, and sen-
tenced to bo hung on tho 4th of next month, and bo
now lies in the jail at Waterboro', South Carolina,
awaiting his fate. So states the letter his brother
received from him to-day, and he asks him to como
and soo him for the last time before he is executed."
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, before the
question is put I desire to state it is due to the
President of the United States I should say
that on the receipt of that letter on Saturday,
in the absence of the Secretary of War,;I called
upon the President, and at my suggestion he
telegraphed to General Sickles to investigate
the matter and report to him. I have received
from the President this moment a telegram
from General Sickles, in which he states he is
investigating the matter; but I observe the man
is indicted under the charge of highway rob-
bery, so it seems this act of his has been trans-
formed, so as to conform to the laws of South
Carolina, into a charge of highway robbery,
I deem it a matter of so great importance,
although the President has caused investiga-
tion to be made, as that the committee charged
with the investigation of a kindred matter
should also investigate this and report to this
House. I hope there will be no objection. I
have had put into my hand a copy of a letter
from Mr. Miller himself to General Sickles,
substantially affirming the facts I have com-
municated to the House.
Mr. HALE. I suggest whether the language
of the resolution should not be changed. It spe-
cifies that he now lies in jail on the charge of
being a spy. It should be amended so as to add,
" and on the pretense of highway robbery."
Mr. DAWES. I modify the resolution
according to the gentleman's suggestion. I
will say that the letter from which an extract
was read is dated from Saugerties.
Mr. MAYNARD. If my friend from Mas-
sachusetts will allow a suggestion : I do not
know that his resolution can be made any
more extensive than it is, but I apprehend that
this inquiry ought to go beyond this individual
case. I am inclined to believe that this is
merely a representative of a class of cases; that
a great number of men, not only in South Car-
olina but in other parts of the South, who as-
sisted onr cause during the war have, since the
termination of hostilities, been held amenable
for civil offenses. One instance I will give.
It will be recollected by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. DawesJ that I formerly
had a colleague on this floor from the first dis-
trict by the name of Nelson. A son of his,
just at the close of the war, went upon a raid
into North Carolina along with General Stene-
man. While there in the discharge of his duties
as a soldier he took the life of some party, for
which since the war has ended I understand
his person has been demanded by the Gov-
ernor of North Carolina from the Governor of
Tennessee. I see that the Legislature of North
Carolina, has recently passed a law condoning
all such offenses whether committed by Fed-
eral or, as they express it, confederal forces.
It is time that sort of thing should be stopped;
(luet men who rendered assistance to the union
Army through the South under the orders of
our officers should not be annoyed by prosecu-
tions of this kind for civil offenses.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will specify
any particular case, I will accept a modifica-
tion of the resolution by giving the committee
jurisdiction over it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Perhaps tho genueman
will extend the scope of his resolution so as to
authorize the committee to bring in any appro-
priate legislation.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose that is covered by
the original authority. The resolution pro-
poses that they investigate under the powers
conferred upon them. I will accept any modi-
fication enlarging the scope of the resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest that the com-
mittee be allowed any legislation that they may
deem appropriate. \
Mr. DAWES. I will add "with such rec-
ommendation as they may deem proper."
Mr. MAYNARD. Very well.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
southern war claims.
Mr. DELANO, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to declare the senge of an act
entitled ;"An act to restrict the jurisdiction of
tho Court of Claims, and to provide for the
payment of certain demands for quarterro"Aster
