1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
917
ticularly pertains to it as a House. It seems
to me at least doubtful. Resting upon acqui-
escence, the practice of having the Clerk call
over the roll of members-elect is a convenient
one. But upon former occasions the authority
or power of the Clerk against_ objection has
been denied. I remember that it was strongly
denied upon one occasion by John Quincy
Adams, and that upon another occasion, where
the action of the Clerk was excepted to or his
authority denied, one of the mcmbers-elect
was put in the chair for the purpose of organ-
izing the House.
Besides, this bill provides that the Clerk
shall put upon the roll the name of no member
of the House froin any State which was not
represented in the prior Congress. Suppose
you have a new State admitted into the Union
under a public law ; the mode of electing mem-
bers for that State is prescribed by law; mem-
bers are elected and are present in the House.
Under a bill of this kind the votes of those
members from a new State would be excluded
because the State was not represented in the
pi-ior Congress. Perhaps tho organization of
the House may depend upon tho votes of those
very •members.
Again, it may be supposed that in a particu-
lar Congress some State may be unrepresented.
There may be some question of contest and
no member admitted, and the State thus be
unrepresented in the prior Congress.
It seems to me that this bill from tho House
is a crude measure, one of doubtful propriety,
one which ought not to be passed; but, as I
said before, as this is one of a series of measures
directed to the exclusion of representation
from the southern States, as it belongs to a
class of legislation which seems to be a favor-
ite one with tho House of Representatives, 1
presume that the majority would enact it if a
quorum were present, oven upon full debate,
lor that reason I shall content myself with
hinting the reasons or grounds upon which I
objected to this bill when it was up last even-
ing, and upon which I shall give a silent vote
against it now.
Mr. DAVIS. I call for the yeas and nays on
any reading of this bill.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The bill
has had three readings and tho question is on
its passage. On this question the yeas and
nays are demanded.
Tin; yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. 1IOWE. I ask that this bill maybe laid
aside informally for a short time until 1 can get
the action of the Senate on a bill or two winch
I should like to have disposed of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection. I
am willing to defer a vote until the Senate shall
be fuller, unless the Senator from Kentucky
desires to press a vote at this moment.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir, I adopt the suggestion
of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the bill be laid aside
for the present by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection to that course, and tho bill
is laid aside.
destruction of iia'itisd status xotj5s.
Mr. IIOWE. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 302.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 302 J for the relief of the American Mutual
Insurance Company of New York was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides for issuing to the American Mutual In-
surance Company of New York eight United
States notes of $1,000 each, not bearing intei -
est, lost or destroyed by the foundering of the
steamer Quincy at sea on the 13th of Decem-
ber, 1803; but the company is to execute a
bond in the penal sum of S16.000, to be ap-
proved by the Solicitor of the Treasury, indem-
nifying the United States against any loss on
account of the issue of the notes.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
WASHINGTON STREETS AND AVENUES.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 272, which provides for ornamenting the
streets of the city of Washington. It was pre-
pared by tho Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia last year, but the season slipped by and
it was too,lat.e. Unless the bill is passed very
soon it will be of no use whatever at this season.
Tho motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 272) authorizing the corporation of Wash-
ington to reduce the width and improve the
avenues and streets of that eity was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
Tho bill recites that in consequence of the
great width of many of the streets and avenues
in the city of Washington the cost of paving
thereof falls oppressively upon the property
fronting thereon ; and for the purpose of re-
ducing such expenses and improving tho streets
and avenues it is provided that full power and
authority be conferred upon the corporation
of Washington to prescribe and regulate the
width and method of improvement of tho car-
riage-ways and footways, and of all that por-
tion of the surface not included in carriage-
ways or footways, of all streets or avenues in
tho city of Washington which exceed in width
one hundred feet.
Aiv amendment was proposed by the Com-
mittee on the District, of Columbia, to strike
out all after the enacting clause and insert tho
following:
That, power anil authority be, and hereby arc, con-
ferred upon tho corporation of Washington, subject
to such limitations and restrictions as Congress m.ij
l'rora tinio to timo prescribe, to regulate tho width
and method of improvement of the carriage-ways
and footways, and ot all that portion of tho suvlaec
not included in carriaso-wa,ys or footways, of all
streets or avenues in tho city of Washington which
excecd in width one hundred feet, saving and except-
ing Pennsylvania avontio and that portion of Louisi-
ana avonuo between Fourth and !■'it! b streets west,
and such streets and other avenues as are now occu-
piodor by law authorized to beoccupied by railroads,
according to tho following plan, namely: tho pavod
or carriage-way shall bo in tho center of tho street
or avenuo and forty feet wide bctwoen the curbs.
Tho pavements on each side thereof shatl bo lifteen
foot wide. Xhe steps shall not extend more than
seven feet beyond t.ho building linos, and the residuo
of tho stroet or avenue botwoen tho points already
designated shall bo reserved for trees and shrubbery ;
one row of trees to bo planted in the pavements, two
feet within tho lino of tho curbs, and another row
paratlet lo the lii-a on the residues afoie>.nd.
Bee. '2. And bf it further fnffftoil. That all acts
or puvts of acts inconsistent herewith aro hereby
repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to bo engrossed for
a third reading, read a third time, aud passed.
TUB TAIUKtf Bin.
Mr. FESXENDEN. I now call for consid-
eration on the tariff bill.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business which was pending at tho
time of the recess is now before the Senate,
being the bill (II. It. No. 718) to provide for
increased revenue from imports, and for other
purposes. The pending question is on tho
amendment of tho Senator from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Sprague,] to strike out "five" and in-
sert '' seven," in line one hundred and fifty-
three of section seven, 011 page 31 ; so as to
read: "on horseshoe nails, all kinds, seven
cents per pound."
Mr. McDOUGALL. Sir. President, 1 shall
not detain the Senate by any discussion of this
subject : but there are some questions that
might be considered. I spoke this morning of
the nails that were used for a camel. I might
say something of the nails that arc used in tho
Alleglianies in Pennsylvania, and of the nails
that are used in California. I might say that
the camels of which 1 spoke required more |
nails than any other animal that travels ever ,
introduced into this country, and the camels I
require larger nails. The trouble with them j
is that they have immense humps; they can l
ascend the mountains, but when they descend,,
on account of the want of gravity of their
hinder parts they are very apt to fall on their I
heads, and therefore they are. not good travel-
ers, although camels are very fine animals.
Then there is the California horse; he does not
want any nails at all. But I do not understand
exactly why there should be a special tax upon
nails for horses for the benefit of any particular
section of the country. I think this is too near
begging, and I believe that no one in the U uited
States of North America should beg.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The amendment is pro-
posed in consequence of the increased duties
upon iron. Before the introduction of ma-
chinery for the manufacture of horseshoe
nails they were made from nail rods by hand,
and, as I before stated, it cost to make nails by
hand fifty cents a pound. By the introduc-
tion of machinery not quite as good nails, but
nearly so, can bo produced at twenty cents a
pound. The parties who have introduced that
improvement in this manufacture feel they are
in danger of coming in contact with labor at
nine or ten cents a day in Russia, Norway,
and elsewhere, from which tho iron comes to
be introduced into theso nails. American iron
is as yet unsuitable for this purpose. They
fool that their business may be injured, and it
their business be injured and they driven out
in consequence of tho introduction of nails
from abroad wo shall have to go back again
to tho old prices. Although the Senator from
Maine thinks there will be 110 nails introduced
from abroad, he cannot tell what may be in-
troduced in consequence of the increased duties
upon iron, and tliey are afraid that their busi-
ness will be interrupted. If so the conse-
quence will bo that you will go back again to
the payment of tho old price, which was fifty
cents a pound instead of twenty. If the agri-
cultural districts desire to have this arrange-
ment, carried into effect, be it so. That is the
fact of the case.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The next proposition I
desire to submit is one that has been placed in
myhandsby mycolleague, [Mr Antiiony,] who
is confined to his house. It is not a subject of
very great magnitude in the number of men
employed, but it is just as much entitled to
consideration as if it employed a thousand
men and §1,000,000 of capital. It is in rela-
tion lo eyelets. T move in line forty-six of
section ten. on page 72, to strike out " fifty"
and insert " sixty-five;" so as to read :
On cyelots of ovory description sixty-five porcont.
advctlorcm,
Mr.'FESSENDEN. I Hope that will not
be agreed to. The duty is now thirty-five per
cent., and we have raised it to fifty.
Mr. SPRAGUE. In many instances an
increase of duty beyond what has been sug-
gested by the Senator from Maine has been
asked and has been granted by the Senate.
This is not a mammoth interest that comes
here and requests an increase that it may go on,
but it is an infant interest out of the brain of
an ingenious and practical head. A machine
has been introduced and is now in operation,
which, if permitted to go on, will bring these
little things that enter so widely into the con-
sumption of the people to one half the price
they have heretofore had them. Give this
incipient interest a place to stand on now when
all interests are so much in danger, and you
will find that in a little while it will not need
the protection thus accorded; the provision
will soon be a dead letter, for the reason that
under this protection our people will be able
to go 011 and produce these articles cheaper
than they can be produced abroad where labor
and capital are at reduced rates. It is as
important that this interest should be cared
for as that the largest interest should be ; and
T trust that the Senate will accord this advance
as they have accorded a similar advance in
other instances where the question has been
discussed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will simply say that the
gentleman who is engaged in this business was
before the committee and exhibited his eyelets
