154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
we are inquiring we had better enlarge the
scope of the inquiry so as to extend it to all the
southern States, all the former slave States.
While on this subject I may say that Maryland,
although near to the free Statesin geographical
position, is more bitterly imbaed with the old
virus of slavery than any of the southern States
that have been conquered.
A Member. Except Kentucky.
Mr. STEVENS. No, I think that Maryland
is worse even than Kentucky. Sir, in the
State of Maryland one hundred thousand white
men, in thai portion of the State where the
slave population formerly abounded, exercise
equal political power with six hundred thousand
in the free portion of the State. This being
the case, there is in my judgment no such thing
as a republican form of government there; and
I hope that some gentleman from that State or
some other member of this House will, before
this Congress shall adjourn, present some prop-
osition which will give to Maryland a republican
form of government, apportion her representa-
tion upon the basis ot population, and modify
her laws so that men shall not be sold into
slavery almost within sight of this Capitol. I
have thought proper to make these remarks
because I know how extensive this evil is.
_ Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, this resolu-
tion as I at first drew it had a wider scope and
directed inquiry into all cases similar to that
described in it; but on reflection it occurred
to me that an investigation into this particular
instance might be made by the Committee on
the Judiciary without interfering with the per-
formance of its other duties; while I was ap-
prehensive that an attempt to impose on that
committee or a select committee the duty of
investigating such cases in all parts of the coun-
try might result in our having no report for a
long time to come.
However, I am not by any means unfriendly
to any such general investigation, and I think
every one must have concluded in the present
temper of the chief Executive of the united
States we have no right to expect he will lend
us any of the aid of that power vested in him
to carry out the laws of the United States, to
prevent inequality and oppression in relation
to any particular class of citizens *in those
States lately in rebellion.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania has given
you one or two other instances in illustration. I
happen to be in possession of the facts in
another case which I will take occasion to pre-
sent as showing little is to be hoped from that
quarter. An old negro man, I think between
seventy and eighty, a much-respected preacher
of the Gospel, living in Georgia, was employed
by a benevolent association at Philadelphia, as
I believe, to act as superintendent of an asy-
lum, home, or school in that State for colored
people. He received a small pittance of sal-
ary amounting, I think, to $35 a month, which
was much for him and quite sufficient for all
his needs.
In order to wreak their vengeance upon
northern philanthropy and to manifest their
contempt and hatred for northern people and
their benevolent movements, this old man was
arrested on the charge of vagrancy, and it has
been decided in a court in Georgia, and upon
appeal, I think, to a superior court the decision
affirmed, one receiving compensation of that
kind from northern benevolence, though in
the shape of fixed salary, yet for a negro, was
a vagrant under their laws, a person without
any visible means of support; and he has
been condemned to the chain-gang for, I think,
a term of twelve months, and is now working
out that punishment. The matter has been
sent to the Judge Advocate General of the
United States, where I had the opportunity of
knowing the official papers proving all these
facts. Yet we seem to be powerless to enforce
the civil rights bill so as to protect a man
under these circumstances.
Mr. GRINNELL. Are you in favor of
admitting Georgia at this time?
Mr. SCHENCK. Whenever Congress is
ready, and she has complied with all proper
conditions, I will admit her. I see her in no
such condition now.
Mr. FINCK. I object to debate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to suspend the
rule so that the resolution may be considered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE._ Has not the resolution,
being debated, gone over under the rules?
Mr. SPEAKER. It has not.
The motion was agreed to; and the rules were
suspended.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have nothing further to
add, and call for the previous question on the
adoption of the resolution. At the same time
if any gentleman will present a modification of
the resolution making it broader in its scope,
and that is thought advisable, I will withdraw
the previous question for the moving of such an
amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move the
following amendment:
And said committee is also directed to report what
legislation, if any, is necessary to protect loyal citi-
zens in the enjoyment of life, liberty, and property
in that portion of the States declared to bo in rebel-
lion.
In support of that I ask the Clerk to read
an extract from the Loyal Georgian, of De-
cember 8, 1866, a paper published at Augusta,
Georgia. Then I call for the previous ques-
tion.
The Clerk read as follows:
"We have from week to week given accounts of
the murder of freedmen, and have'stated that in no
instance have the murderers been punished. If
white men are murdered by freedmen the murderers
are sure to be punished. This is right. We hope
that every colored man who is guilty of murder will
be punished. The following is the account of the
execution of a coiored man:
" 'Execution.—Henry Cheatham, a negro, was ex-
ecuted at Anderson on Friday last in the presence
of an immense crowd of whites and blacks.
" 'Itwill bo remembered that Gheatham, in conjunc-
tion with Dan Johnson, brutally murdered a white
youth, named Gecr, near Anderson, last January.
He confessed his guilt.'—Columbia South Carolinian.
"At the late equal rights convention, held in Ma-
con, the delegates, representing some fifty counties,
reported one hundred and fifty murders within the
last ten months, and in no instance did the civil
authorities attempt to bring the murderers to justice.
"One woman was found with her throat cut from
ear to ear, and her little child, less than a year old,
eating the clotted blood from the wound. Another
woman, in a 'delicate condition,' was beat to death
and the child beat out of her.
"We know that these murders are committed by
villains, white villains, but they are no better than
colored murderers. The latter are punished, the
former are not."
Mr. BINGHAM. I appeal to my colleague
to make an exception in that amendment, for
the reason, as I understood the reading of it,
that it includes an organized State now repre-
sented on this floor.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I will modify
it by excepting the State of Tennessee.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the amendment of Mr. Law-
rence was agreed to.
The original resolution, as amended, was then
agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsiderthe vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was Agreed to.
official grimes and misdemeanors.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, offered the follow-
ing resolution: *>
Resolved, That a select committee to consist of
seven members of this House be appointed by the
Speaker whose duty it shall be to inquire whother
any acta have been done by any officer of the Gov-
ernment of the United States which in contemplation
of the Constitution are high crimes or misdemeanors,
and whether said acts were designed or calculated to
overthrow, subvert, or corrupt the Government of
the United States, or any department thereof, and
that said committee have power to send for persons
and papers and to administer the customary oath to
witnesses, and that they have leave to report by bill
or otherwise.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move to suspend
the rules.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would ask my colleague
whether it is not usual in resolutions of this
that justifies the action of the House. The
resolution as it stands embraces every civil
officer in the United States, and I suggest
whether it is altogether wise in a resolution of
this kind to notify the world that there is a
grand inquest about to be held on all the offi-
cers of the United States.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. There is no subject before the House
for debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The question is, " Shall the
rules be suspended?"
Mr. FINCK. On that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken on suspending the
rules, it was decided in the negative—yeas 88,
nays 49, not voting 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bing-
ham, Blow, BoutwelL Brandegee, Bromwell, Buck-
land, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke. Cobb,
Conkling, Cullom, Dixon, Driggs, Eckley, Farns-
worth, Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Abner
C. Harding,Hart, Hawkins, Hayes, Henderson, Hill,
Holmes, Hotchkiss, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hub-
bard, Ingersoll, Julian, Kelley,Kelso, Koontz. Kay-
kendall, Lafiin, William Lawrence,Longyear, Lynch,
Marston, Marvin, McClurg, Mclndoe, McKee, Mc-
Ruer, Mercur, Merrill, Moulton, Myers, O'Neill,
Orth, Pame, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy,
Price, WilliamH.Randall, Schenck, Scofield,Sloan,
Stevens, Thayer, Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Up-
son, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn, Elihu B. Washburne, Welker, Wentworth,
Williams, James F. Wilson, and Windom—88.
NAYS — Messrs. Ames. Ancona. Bergen, Boyer,
Campbell, Chanler, Cooler, Dawes, Defrees, Deming,
Denison, Dodge, Bldridge, Finck, Glossbrenner,
Hale, Aaron Harding, Hise, Hogan, Chester D.
Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Hunter, Jenckes, Kerr,
Latham, Le Blond, Leftwich, Marshall, M&ynard,
Niblack.Nicholson, Noell,Samuel J.Randall, Ray-
mond, Bitter, Rogers, Ross, Shanklin, Sitgreaves,
Spalding, Stokes, Strouse, Taber, Nathaniel G. Tay-
lor, Nelson Taylor, Thornton, Andrew H. Ward,
Warner, and Whaley—49.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Beam&n. Blaine, Breora-
all, Cook, Culver, Darling, Davis, Dawson, Delano,
Donnelly, Dumont, Eggleston, Eliot, Goodyear, Gris-
wold, Harris, Higby, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard,
James R. Hubbell, Hulburd, Humphrey, Johnson,
Jones, Kasson, Ketcham, George V. Lawrence, Loan,
McCullough, Miller, Moorhead, Morris, Newell,
Phelps, Plants, Radford, Alexander H. Rice, John
Ward, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Stephen F. Wilson, Winfield, Woodbridge, and
Wright—54.
So two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative the rules were not suspended.
During the roll-call,
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER stated that his col-
league, Mr. Dawson, had paired with Mr.
Broomall.
murder of union soldiers.
Mr. PIKE, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution5 which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved^ That the select committee appointed on
the 6th instant to investigate the murder of Union
soldiers, &c„ be authorized at their discretion to pro-
ceed to South Carolina to make the investigation
directed by the House,'and that they have authority
to employ a stenographer as clerk, and that the
Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to pay the expenses pf
the investigation out of the contingent fund of the
House.
removals from office.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business is the consideration of House bill
No. 66-1, for the regulation of appointments to
and removals from office. When the bill was
last under consideration it was ordered to be
printed with the pending amendments.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. There is an amend-
ment to the hill offered by myself and now
pending. I desire to withdraw that amend-
ment as the action of the House in striking
out that portion of the bill relating to the heads
of Departments renders it unnecessary.
The amendment was accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. PAINE. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] to withdraw his call
