918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
and explained his business to the committee;
and after hearing that gentleman and not hear-
ing anything in opposition from any other
source, the committee came to the conclusion
on his own representations that fifty per cent,
•was an adequate tariff to impose, i should
think that fifty per cent, ad valorem ought to
be a sufficient protection to a business of this
kind. That was the j udgment of the committee
after hearing this gentleman, who stated his
case fully, and I believe his is the only manu-
facturing establishment of the kind that has
been established in the United States.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I fear, Mr. President,
that there may be this evil in the present con-
dition of things : persons who are elected to
fill high office and handle the affairs of great
States and nations take care of themselves.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The gentleman to whom
the Senator from Oregon refers writes thus:
_ "I fearthe committee did not fully understand our
situation as competitors of foreign manufacturers of
eyelets.
"The foreign eyelet as now imported under the
thirty-five per cent, ad vaforemduty costs the import-
ers an average of about fourteen eent3.
"The fifteen percent, additional, making the ad
valorem duty on eyelets fifty per cent., will make
them cost two and one tenth per cent, additional,
making the cost to the importer under the proposed
law sixteen and one tenth cents per thousand.
"The average cost of the eyelets manufactured by
the American Eyelet Company, paying thirty-five
per cent, more for stock than itg foreign competitors
is about eighteen and one half cents per thousand,
requiring an additional duty of more than fifteen
per cent, to place us on an even footing with our
foreign competitors
" I feel warranted in taking the ground that we. as
new beginnersinanewbusinessin this country, ought
to receive encouragement from the Government by
at least being placed on an equal footing with the
foreign manufacturer. It would seem that as new
beginners, experimenting with new machinery never
before used, tested, and perfected, we ought to bo
protected to a degree that would give us a small
margin in our favor, in order that we may not be
forced by a combined foreign competition to leave
the field for the benefit of European laborers and
capitalists.
"I trust that you know enough of the prominent men
in our company to be ablo to satisfy the members of
the committee that it is the purpose of this company
to manufacture eyelets as a legitimate business, which
wo cannot do without further protection than what
is proposed by the committee under the present state
of tho market, and with oar present facilities."
This is the gentleman who appeared before
the committee, and I trust the Senate will
accord to him what is asked.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will only say that
we took the gentleman's own statements, took
his own figures, and made our calculations
upon them. I cannot remember the details
now, but I know that we came to the. conclu-
sion that fifty per cent, would be enough, and
we raised the duty from thirty-five per cent, to
fifty per cent.
Mr. SPRAGUE. -He says here in a post-
script, which I did not notice before:
" I refer particularly in the above to small eyelets.
The fifty per cent, may be sufficient for the large
sizes of Government eyelets: but the small sizes used
in shoes, corsets, hoop-skirts, &c., need further pro-
tection, which I have no doubt the committee will
see when their attention is called to it." ,
There can be no doubt as to this being the
fact.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SPRAGrUE. I move to amend by in-
serting after line two hundred and ninety-three
of section seven, on page 37 :
Additional specific duty on machinery, namely:
On coarse roving machines or slubber spindles,
thirty-nine inches long, and upward, 81 50 per spin-
dle.
On fine roving machines or fly-frames for spindles,
less than thirty-nine inches long,$l 25 per spindle.
On spinning or throstle-frames, with or without
spindles, sixty cents per spindle.
On mules or jacks for spinning yarn, with or with-
out spindles, thirty-five cents per spindle.
On spindles when imported without the machines,
to wit: on coarse roving machines or slubber spin-
dles, thirty-nine inches long, andupward, fifty cents
per spindle; on fine roving machine or fly-frame
spindles, less than thirty-nine inches long, forty cents
per spindle; on twister, spinning, or throstle-frame
spindles, twelve cents each; on mule andjackspin-
dles, eight cents each; on spooler spindles, ten cents
each; on slubber or fly-frame flyers, thirty-five ecnts
each.
It will be remembered that the Senate has
increased the duty on machinery in this bill
from forty-five to fifty-five per cent. It may
be that this amendment which I now move is
against the interest of the cotton manufactur-
ers of my own section ; it certainly is so ap-
parently, and of course contrary to my own
interest. But it is shown in the report of the
commissioner that all the machinery required
in this country is now being built abroad, ex-
cept in cases where we have become familiar
with certain styles of machines that foreigners
have not yet been able to build. Of all other
machinery foreigners to-day have the monop-
oly. I have in my hand a letter which indi-
cates how this foreign machinery is introduced.
It is not introduced as completed machinery,
but as machinery in parts and portions as un-
manufactured, though it is in fact manufac-
tured ready to be put up. I have in my hand
a letter from one of the pioneer manufacturers
of machinery in this country; I do not believe
he has his superior in the world; and by the
indulgence of the Senate I will read to them
some of his ideas;
"The existing taiiff discriminates largely in favor
of foreign machine-makers—"
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Doolit-
tle in the chair.) The Senator from Rhode
Island is entitled to the floor: does he yfeld to
the Senator from California?
Mr. SPRAGUE. No, sir.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I rise to a point of
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from California will state his point of order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is that it is not the
privilege of a Senator to read manuscript here
unless he quotes it as authority.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is of opinion that the Senator from Rhode
Island is in order.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I will read the letter:
" The existing tariff discriminates largely in favor
of foreign machine-makers, so much so that the ma-
jority of the machinery now being ordered is to come
from abroad. Our prices here are very low compared
with the exorbitant cost of material and the high
rate of wages, yet if it were not for the small orders
that do not pay to go to Europe for and the superior
quality of tho American machinery we should have
nothing to do. Everything wouldcomc from abroad.
The present rates of duty, which are mostly specific,
amount to fifty-eight, per cent, on pig iron, sixty-
seven per cent, on refined bar iron, sixty-seven per
cent, on spring steel, and thirty-three and one half
percent, on machinery steel. Beside we have to pay
five per cent, on tho selling price of the finished ma-
chine internal tax, and the effect of this tax on wages,
&c., will amount to five per cent, more, while the
duties of foreign machinery arc only thirty-five per
cent. The duties on the materials of which any
English machine is constructed would come to more
money than on the finished machine.
"We therefore havenot only the cheap foreign cap-
ital and pauper labor to contend with, but unequal
duties and our internal taxation. There is a provis-
ion in our present tariff, it is true, that machinery
which is composed partly of steel shall pay a duty of
forty-five per cent., but importers evade this clause
by boxing the steel parts, such as spindles, &c., in
separate boxes and entering them as a manufacture
of steel, while the great bulk of the machines come in
as manufactures of iron. Therefore, I think that the
duties on machinery should be the same whether
made of steel or iron, or steel and iron, or brass and
wood. With the present rates of duty on materials,
taking our internal taxation into account, the duties
on machinery ought to be at least sixty-five per
cent. How much you intend to raise tho rates on
iron, steel, &a„ I do not know, but the rates on ma-
chinery ought to bo in proportion. The raising of
the duties on iron, steel, &c„ I suppose is for the
benefit of those who arc connected with the iron and
steel interests. This is all well onough, but of what
benefit will it be to them if the manufactures of iron
are not protected also ? Who will buy their iron if
all the manufactures that arc made of iron come
from England? The machine manulacturers oi this
country ask no favor of John Bull, nor any exclusive
privileges from our own Government; all we ask is
to be placed on an equal footing so far as duties and
taxes are concerned, and to do this I amot the opin-
ion that with your new rates of duty the rato on ma-
chinery will have to be raised to one hundred per
cent."
It is, Mr. President, a startling fact that the
machinery of this country is now being pro-
duced abroad; and it is also a startling fact
that almost every commodity known to Amer-
ican consumption is also at the present time
being produced abroad. I think that during
the nine days this bill has been before the
Senate Senators have lost sight of, or have
shut their eyes to, the exact condition of the
country, or the condition in which it was when
they left their homes to come here. There
has been no revival of business at home since
then. Everything is stagnant. The industry,
the labor of the country is now unemployed,
or about to be thrown out of employment.
The reason is very plain, and the results are
manifest.
But, sir, it is suggested that the Senate has
become tired of the agitation of this question,
and of the interest which members have shown
concerning this bill. Sir, it would seem to me
very strange if Senators did not take an inter-
est and feel anxious in relation to matters con-
nected with the interests of the people. When
the whole country is anxious and trembling un-
der the weight of taxation and the heavy bur-
dens imposed upon the people for the last five
years, it is to me passing strange that mem-
bers of this body, representatives of the peo-
ple, are unwilling to take cognizance of their
interests. I am glad that there are in Wash-
ington men from the northern States who have
come down here to attend to their interests;
and but for those men daring the pastfiv&years
where would your country be to-day? If those
men had not been willing, had not been able,
and had not stood ready to give their support
to this Government, what would you have done?
Sir, I know something about the beginning
of this war. I know the fear and trembling
that existed all over the country. I know who
were the men that came up and responded to
the-call of the Government, and aided you in
obtaining and maintaining the stand that ena-
bled you to carry the war to a successful con-
clusion. Those men are here to-day, and they
demand, for the sake of their country, for the
sake of their wives and children, for the sake of
the communities around them, that the Senate
should take an interest in what concerns them;
and that which concerns them concerns all the
patriotic people who have done so much to
vindicate the rights and to establish the prin-
ciples of free government. For myself, I am
unwilling that any interest with which such
people are connected should be prostrated or
should not receive proper attention. Here is
one that now is in the hands of the enemy—
the enemy of this people and of this Govern-,
ment; in the hands of a people and a Govern-
ment who would have turned every one of you
over to the tender mercies of the rebels if they
had the power. They did make the effort, but
were unsuccessful. Will you now put this
advantage into the hands of a Power that thus
acted, and that in your weakness evinced a
desire to prostrate you', and are now really as
willing and desirous to prostrate you as they
were then? For my part I am unwilling that
that coudition of things shall be.
I heard with a good deal of regret the re-
marks of the honorable chairman of the Fi-
nance Committee in reference to this bill just
before we left here this afternoon. He spoke
to the friends of the measure, and told them
that they should not heap amendments upon
it; that they should not be representing their
constituents and the constituents of others,
for, as I take it, members here are not only
representing the interests of their own State,
but the interests of almost every other State.
Such has been my position. There are but
few of the interests that I have taken charge
of here which are located in my own State—
not more than one or two. But while there is
an enemy in the Opposition, and one who has
been prominent in getting up this bill, it does
not come with a very good grace from that
Senator to remind members who are favorable
to this measure in this way. When I suggest
that, I mean that the commissioner, who is
now more powerful upon this floor than any
one else, who occupies a seat here, and re-
ceives more attention than any member, desires
that this bill should be defeated. "
Will it be defeated ? If the Senate are will-
ing to follow that lead blindly, as they seem to
