1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1595
sible to make the printers understand how this
should be. There should be a hyphen between
'• satteen" and "jeans."
The amendment was agreed to.
Eleventh amendment: ;
In the following paragraph:
" Provided. That if the duties imposed upon manu-
factures of cotton included in the four foregoing
classes fhall amount upon brown, gray, or unbleached
fabrics to less than thirty per cent, ad valorem, then
the duty shall be assessed at thirty per cent, ad va-
lorem ; upon bleached fabrics to less than thirty-three
and one third per ccnt.nJvalorem, then theduty shall
be assessed at thirty-three and one third per cent .ad
valorem." strike out "thirty-three and one third"
and insert " thirty-five;" so it will read:
Upon bleached fabrics to less than thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem, *tc.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Dawes and Mr. Eldridge.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 52, noes 55.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Twelfth amendment:
Strike out " thirty-threo and ono third" where
it again occurs in tho same paragraph, and insert
"thirty-five."
Mr. MORRILL. This does not raise the
duty on cotton the ninth part of a hair.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 58. noes 55.
Mr. KUYKENDALL called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Mr. Spalding
and Mr. Humphrey were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 57, noes 57.
The CHAIRMAN voted in the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Thirteenth amendment:
Strike out "thirty-five" and insert "forty;" so
it that will read: " nponcolored, stained, painted, or
printed fabrics to less than forty per cent, ad valo-
rem."
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 54, noes 55.
Mr. MORRILL called for tellers, but they
were refused.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Fourteenth amendment:
Strike out"thirty-five"andinsert"forty;" so that
it will read: " then the duty shall be assessed at forty
per cent, ad valorem"
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 53, noes 55.
Mr. GARFIELD demanded tellers, but they
were refused.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Fifteenth amendment:
Strike out the words "and on Marseilles bed-quilts
or bed-spreads ten" and insert "twenty;" so that it
will read:
On all cotton hosiery, comprising shirts, drawers,
stockings, socks, gloves, and all other goods knitted
or made on frames, or by hand, twenty cents per
pound, and, in addition thereto, forty per cent, ad
valorem.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes Gl, noes 40.
Mr. FINCK demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Finck and Hubbard, of Con-
necticut.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 54, noes 55.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ORTH. I move that the committee rise.
On agreeing to the motion there were—ayes
38, noes 55.
Mr. ORTH demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs Orth and Moorhead.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 43, noes 60.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Sixteenth amendment:
Strike out" sixty " and insert "fiftyso that it will
read: .
On cotton webbing, tapei, galloons, bindings, gimps,
trimmings, and braids, plain or otherwise, fifty per
cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Seventeenth amendment:
Insert the words "not dyed or colored;" so that it
will read: . , ., .
On cotton edgings, inserting! and embroideries.
not dyed or colored, of which the embroidering is
tho chief value, not otherwise provided for, forty per
cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Eighteenth amendment:
Add to the pending clause the words "when dyed
or colored, forty-five per cent, ad valorem."
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I would in-
quire of the chairman of the committee what
difference in the rate of the tariff this amend-
ment proposes?
Mr. MORRILL. About fifteen per cent. I
believe.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
it is only ten per cent.
Mr. MAYNARD. Why should dyed or col-
ored embroideries pay more duty than those
not dyed?
Mr. MORRILL. These are finer articles;
they have been allowed to remain from year to
year at the old rates, and it is deemed proper
if anything should be raised that the duty on
these articles, which are used for ornament,
should be.
Mr. HALE. Does the gentleman from Ten-
nessee object because this makes a distinction
as to race or color ? [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to see
wherein and wherefore the distinction is made.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes 57,
noes 40.
Nineteenth amendment:
Strike out the words " at the last port or place"
and insert "in tho principal markets of the coun-
try;" so that it will read:
And upon wools of the first class, imported un-
washed, the value whereof, in the principal markets
of the country whence exported to the United States,
ke.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 54, noes 9; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered under the rules; and
Messrs. Fistck and Farxsworth were ap-
pointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 73, noes 15 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
^nmniHtPA rica
The CHAIRMAN. The tellers having re-
ported no quorum voting, it is the duty of the
Chair to have the roll called.
Mr. SLOAN. I understand the committee
can rise without a quorum.
The CHAIRMAN. The rule is as follows,
on page 62 of the Digest:
"Whenever tho Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union or the Committee of the Whole
Housefinds itself without aquorumtheChairm an shall
cause the roll of the House to bo called, and there-
upon the committee shall rise and the Chairman shall
report the names of tho absentees to the House, which
shall be entered on the Journal."
The Clerk will call the roll.
The roll was accordingly called ; and the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Delos R. Ashley, James
M. Ashley, Baldwin, Bidwell, Blaine, Blow, Boyer,
Brandegce, Bromwell, Campbell, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Conkling, Culver, Darling, Dawson,
Denison, Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Ferry, Gtlossbren-
ner, Goodyear, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hayes, Hogan,
Asahcl W. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jones, Kerr,
Lo Blond, Lcftwich, Marshall. Marston, McCullough,
Mclndoe, McRuer, Miller, Moulton, Nowell, Nib-
lack, Nocll, Patterson, Phelps, Plants, Radford, Ray-
mond, Alexander H. Rico, John H. Rice, Ritter,
Rogers, Ross, Sawyer, Sloan, Stevens, Stilwell, Na-
thaniel G. Taylor, Thornton, Robert T. Van Horn,
Elihu B. Washburne, Windom, and Wright.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Pomeroy re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the Union generally, and particularly
the special order, being bill of the House No.
718, to provide increased revenue from imports,
and for other purposes, and finding itself with-
out a quorum had caused the roll to be called,
and had directed Mm to report the names of
the absentees to the House.
A quorum being now present, the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union
resumed its session.
Mr. FINCK. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in order:
the committee was dividing when the commit-
tee rose, and the tellers will now resume their
places.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The call is with-
drawn, and I now move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Pomeroy re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, pursuant to the order of
the House, had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being House bill No. 718, to provide
increased revenue from imports, and for other
purposes, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at ten o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BROOMALL: Tho petition of citizens of
the United States residing in Delaware county, Penn-
sylvania, praying for tho impeachment of the Presi-
dent of the United States.
By Mr. CHANLER: Tho petition of Joshua H.
Butterworth, of Dover, New Jersey, for extension of
his patent of Butterworth lock.
By Mr. CULLOM: Two petitions signed by numer-
ous citizens of McLean county, Illinois, protesting
against the contraction of the currency.
By Mr. GRISWOLD: The petition of wool-growers
of the town of Nassau, Renssel aer county, New York,
upon the subject of protection for wool.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of New York: The petition
of citizens of Milford, in the county of Otsego, in the
State of New York, praying that Congress will not
pass any law to contract the currency, or to compel
the national banks to redeem their bills in the city
of New York, or to prohibit them from receiving
interest on bank balances.
By Mr. KASSON: Tho petition of the National
Bank Note Company of New York, for authority to
Postmaster General to settle the accounts of that
Department with them on principles of equity.
By Mr. O'NEILL: A petition signed, by direc-
tion and in behalf of the committee having charge
of Friends' Library of Philadelphia, by Samuel F.
Trott, clerk, asking that books, &c.t imported for
libraries and public institutions may be admitted
free of duty.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 27, 1867.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
restaurant i\ the capitol.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution, relative to the
House restaurant:
Resolved, That the privilege of keeping the res-
taurant of the House shall be determined as follows :
proposals therefor shall be received by the Clerk of
the House up to the noon of Tuesday, March 12,1867,
and biennially thereafter, and shall be opened by
him in the presence of two witnesses, and be by him
awarded to the most suitable person, having also
reference to both the money offered for the privilege
and the capacity of the bidder for the business.
Accompanying the proposals must be the names of
ono or more persons who are willing to become sure-
ties in the sum of $1,000 for the faithful performance
of the duties of said keeper, and possession of the
premises shall be given by the Clerk to said bidder
on his executing a bond m the sum of $1,000, with
sufficient sureties, for the faithful discharge of his
duties and for the careful use of the property of the
Government intrusted to him; and the amount of
money thus bid and accepted shall be paid to the
Clerk, one half on the first Monday of the December
next after tho date of tho bond, and the residue six
months thereafter; and the money so received shall
be by said Clerk paid to the Treasurer of the Soldiers'
and Sailors' Orphan Home, for the benefit of said
institution.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to suspend the
rules, so as to enable me to offer the resolu-
tion ; and I wish to say that I offer this resolu-
tion not for the purpose of taking away the
management of this matter from the Speaker,
but with his assent and consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, if he may be
allowed to do so, would state that from the ex- _
perience which he has had as presiding officerof
