020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
the duty reduced to two and a half cents a
pound. I really cannot'tell what amount of
revenue will be derived under this bill, nor can
any one; but I am inclined to think that under
it the revenue will be largely increased beyond
the amount received last year. Five cents a
pound upon coffee was fifty per cent, on the
value of the coffee imported in 1864-65, and
between forty-five and fifty per Cent, on that
imported in 1863-64. It is all article that,
although once regarded as a luxury, has now
become an absolute necessity to the laboring
man, who perhaps uses a larger quantity of it
than the wealthy man, who is not compelled to
labor for a livelihood. I am satisfied that, so
far as the revenue is concerned, this reduction
can be safely made; and I am satisfied further
that something ought to be done to relieve the
people.
Since the bill was reported by the committee
the duties have been increased by the Senate ;
almost every amendment made by the Senate
has been to increase duties ; I do not know of
one solitary decrease. Even the duties on wool-
ens, which were supposed to be very high and
against which objections were made on every
hand, were increased, and if I am not much mis-
taken very largely increased, by the amend-
ment adopted this morning on the motion of
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson. ]
The duties on iron and other materials were
surely high enough before ; but every time the
duties in this bill have been touched by the
Senate it has been to increase them. It really
seems tome that a decrease can be made in the
duty on coffee; and as on revenue considera-
tions it is admissable, a decrease ought to be
made.
It will be seen in regard to the article of tea,
if you take the importations of 1863, 1864, and
1865, that the present tariff of twenty-five cents
per pound is a tariff of one hundred per cent.
Here then is a tariff of one hundred per cent,
upon an article that is not a luxury but almost
a necessity, an article which everybody uses.
If it can be reduced, why not reduce it? There
will not probably be any more of it brought
into the country in consequence of the reduc-
tion ; it will require no greater exportation of
gold to pay for it. People will use it in the
same quantity as before. Now, we of the West
are compelled to pay a percentage, not only
upon the original cost, but upon the tariff duty,
and also a percentage to the importer, to the
jobber, and to the retailer. And hence it is
that an article of Java coifee, which costs in the
foreign market between ten and a half and
twelve cents per pound, as is shown by the
importers' invoices, costs us from thirty-eight
to forty-five cents per pound. It will be a very
great relief to reduce these duties, and in my
judgment the amendment which is offered ought
to be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will simply state in
regard to this question that I suppose every
Senator understands the arguments pro and
con. with reference to the duties on tea and
coffee. The duties are more easily and surely
collected on these articles than any others;
and I do not know that there has been any
complaint on account of them. The importa-
tion has been largely increasing for the last
two years. Now, the importation of coffee is
about one hundred and sixty million pounds,
and the estimated duties accruing for this year
will be about eight million dollars. This
amendment will strike off about four million
dollars. It is quite uncertain how this tariff
is going to operate, and it is hardly worth
while for us to give up these duties that are
certain, and may surely be relied on for reve-
nue. I hope the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say that I shall
vote for this amendment because I believe the
revenues can afford the reduction, and I am
inclined to think that the consumption would
increase so that the reduction in the revenue
would not be very great.
The question being taken by ysas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 17 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalow, Chandler, Conness, Cra-
«in, Davis, Doolittle. Fowler, Grimes, Henderson,
Howe, Johnson, Kirkwood, Lane, Patterson, Ram-
sey, Stewart, and Yates—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Cowan, Edmunds, Fessen-
den, Fogg, Foster, Frelinghuysen, Howard, Morgan,
Morrill, Poland, Sprague, Van Winkle, Wade, Wil-
loy, Williams, and Wilson—17.
ABSENT —Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Creswell,
Dixon, Guthrie, Harris, Hendricks, McDougall, Nes-
mith, Norton, Nye, Pomeroy, Riddle, Boss, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Samaer, and Trumbull—18.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. On page 1, line nine
of section one, I move to Strike out " twenty-
five" and insert "fifteen;" so as to read :
On teas of all kinds, fifteen cents per pound.
I have just stated in regard to teas, that the
duty is one hundred per cent., as shown by the
importations of several years past. It is an
exorbitant duty, largely too much in my judg-
ment, and it can be reduced very well. The
importations show that the article costs in the
foreign market, upon an average, twenty-five
cents per pound. We by sad experience in'the
West find that it generally costs us from a dollar
and a half to two dollars and a half per pound.
Senators will see that I am correct in my state-
ment of the foreign value by looking at the
tables of importation for the last three or four
3'cars. In 1803 and 1864 there were imported
into this country 87,229,176 pounds of tea at a
valuation of $10,549,880, the duty on which
was over nine million dollars. In 1864 and
1865 the importation was 18,595,314 pounds at
a valuation of $4,702,856, and the duty was the
same, being just about the original cost of the
article in the foreign market. The importation
was largely reduced in 1864 and 1865. I have
not the tables,before me for the subsequent
year.
Thus it appears that if we were to take off
the duty entirely the loss to the revenue would
be perhaps $4,500,000. By taking off ten cents
a pound, of course the reduction will be in the
proportion of twenty-five to fifteen, so that we
shall lose by my amendment $1,500,000 of
revenue—not exceeding that under any circum-
stances.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to call the
attention of Senators for a moment to the very
extraordinary duties of this'bill, not that I am
going to occupy their time, because I will not
do so, but I wish to state some facts that Sen-
ators can see by merely examining the bill. I
wish to call the attention of the Senate to the
extraordinary provisions of this bill which
proposes to tax the people of this country one
hundred per cent, upon tea, and only from
thirty-five to seventy per cent, upon the article
of silk. Table salt, which the farmer is com-
pelled to have, which is an absolute necessity,
is taxed from one hundred and sixty to two
hundred and fifty per cent, under this bill,
while the article of silk is taxed from thirty-
five to seventy per cent.
The Senator from Maine informs us that it
is an easy and simple matter to get reve-
nue from tea and coffee and salt. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey stated the other day
that we imported last year into the single port
of New York $25,000,000 in value of silks.
Ts it not just as easy to get a large revenue
from silk as from tea or coffee or salt? I can-
iu>t for my life see the difference in this point
of view. The importations of silk into the coun-
try are very regular, and so are the importa-
tions of foreign carpets. Inasmuch as we are
acting in the direction of having high taxes
upon woolens, I ask would it not be as well to
put an additional tariff of fifty per cent, upon
fine carpets, making the duty one hundred per
cent, instead of fifty per cent., which is all the
bill now imposes upon the finest foreign-made
carpets ? Would it not be just as well to increase
on that article as to insist on keeping the tariff
at one hundred per cent, upon an article that
is used at this day by almost everybody?
Mr. President, I sincerely hope that this prop-
osition will be adopted. I am perfectly willing
to increase the duty upon silks if gentlemen
will say so. I will do it at the risk of increas-
ing the profits of the silk manufacturers. Re-
duce the duty upon the raw material of silk, if
you please, and increase it upon the manufac-
tured article. That will be an encouragement
to the manufacturers; and if they can profit by
it I shall not grumble. But it is a notorious
fact that the poorer people of this country, many
of those who use salt, tea, and coffee, do not
perhaps use twenty dollars'- worth of silk,during
the year. It is the wealthy1 people, those who
are able to pay for it, who use silk. The poorer
people do not use this expensive fabric. It is
a notorious fact, and it cannot be denied, that
the duty upon the very lowest quality of woolen
goods in this bill is the highest percentage.
Even the ordinary article of carpeting is taxed
from seventy to one hundred per eent., while
the finest article of carpeting is taxed but fifty
per cent. That is true, and is easily demon-
strable if any Senator will take the amounts'
of importation and compare them with the val-
uation of the articles abroad. Very little will
be lost to the revenue, and it will be some relief
if this proposition be adopted, as I hope it
will be.
Mr. FOTOfcER. I would like to move an
amendment to the amendment if it is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the
opinion of the Chair that an amendment to
the amendment is not now in order, this being
an amendment to the original amendment.
Mr. FOWLER. I shall vote for the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Missouri.
I believe it is just and equal to the district of
country I represent; at any rate, not only the
southern but the entire western country. They
have little or no interest in £he duties that have
been incorporated into this bill, and pay them
as they would pay a direct tax imposed on them
for the support of the Government. Here is
a reduction proposed to be made on a certain
article that comes in competition with no inter-
est of ours, that injures no branch of industry,
that are prime necessaries of life; and it is
proposed simply to reduce the duty on tea from
one hundred per cent, to sixty per cent. This
will diminish the revenue about one million
eight hundred thousand dollars according to
the Treasury report of 1865. Wehave a margin,
according to the Secretary's calculations, as I
said before, of about ten million dollars to go
on this year, and certainly we can afford to
diminish that by $1,800,000.
I take this subject wholly upon its own
merits, and do not propose to contrast it with
any other duties that have been assessed, be-
cause many of my votes for increasing duties
were given cheerfully; but when the article
of tea is proposed to be taxed as high as sixty
per cent. I think that is sufficient. I regret
very much that the amendment I moved before
was lost. I hope still to get it up in some other
form, and have coffee reduced to somewhere
within the bounds of reason.
Mr. MORGAN. I shall be as ready as any
other Senator to reduce the duty on both the
articles mentioned—tea and coffee ; and if it
were safe to do so I would be ready to vote for
it at the present time; but all the arguments
that have been presented in favor of the reduc-
tion were considered by the Committee on Fi-
nance, because the bill as it came from the
House of Representatives came with a reduc-
tion, and that point was of course considered.
I do not, however, think it is safe at the pres-
ent time. There is to be a very large falling
off in the revenue—very large indeed; much
greater than is calculated upon; and I think it
is much safer to adhere to the bill as reported
by the Committee on Finance. I hope the
amendment will not prevail.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Finance inform me
what is the duty under the existing law, and
whether it is the same as you propose to make
it now ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The same as in the
bill. We have made no change.
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON. The chairman of the
Finance Committee says the committee pro-
