1586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
upon agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. f INCK. I call for the yeas and nays.
Ihe question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were—ayes fourteen,
not one fifth of the last vote.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ANCONA. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call fot the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
The question was upon ordering the yeas
and nays upon the motion to lay the resolution
on the table; and being taken, there were—
ayes fifteen, not one fifth of the last full vote.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
the House during the last two Congresses he
believes that whoever may be Speaker of the
Fortieth Congress will much prefer that this
matter should bo in the hands of the adminis-
trative officer of the House, the Clerk, rather
than in those of the Speaker, as it is entirely
incongruous with the general duties of the
Chair.
Mr. STEVENS. I think the privilege ought
to be paid for, not given away.
The question was taken upon Mr. Stevens's
amendment; and (two thirds voting in favor
thereof) the rules were suspended.
Mr. FINCK. Is that a joint resolution?
The SPEAKER. No; it is a House resolu-
tion.
Mr. FINCK. I rise to a point of order. I
submit that we cannot make a law authorizing
a contract by a mere resolution of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The keeper of the restaurant
in this wing of the Capitol building is under
the control of the House. The appointment
of the keeper of it has heretofore been given
to thei Speaker; but, as the Chair has just said,
he thinks that it is entirely incongruous with
his other duties, and not a matter upon which
the Speaker of the House ought to be expected
to decide.
Mr. THAYER. I ask my colleague whether
in his opinion under his resolution the House
would still retain control of this establishment,
and whether, in case it should be improperly
managed, it would be in the power of the
House to discharge the keeper of the restaurant?
Mr. STEVENS. Undoubtedly; and to for-
feit his bond.
Mr. THAYER. It strikes me that this
would be in the nature of a contract.
Mr. STEVENS. The House would have
full control over it, and his bond could be for-
feited.
Mr. THAYER. I think it would be much
safer for us to insert a proviso that the matter
shall be subject to the control of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I accept that; I see no
objection to it.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Steven\s]
where the money is to go which we are to
require the person to pay for the privilege of
keeping this restaurant?
Mr. STEVENS. The resolution provides
that it shall go to the Soldiers' and Sailors'
Orphan Asylum.
Mr. NIBLACK. I submit that whatever tax
we impose upon the keeper of this restaurant
will be likely in the end to come out of our
own pockets, and therefore we ought to look
after the matter a little. If the man shall be
a good business man I suppose he will charge
over to us all the tax we make him pay for the
privilege, illustrating the old principle that the
consumer must pay the tax.
Mr. STEVENS. I have modified it so that
it will at all times be under the control of the
House. I now call the previous question.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question ; and upon a division, there
were—ayes 40, noes 23 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Stevens and
Mr. Niblack were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 60, noes 36.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered, which was
February 27,
The motion to lay the resolution on the table
was not agreed to.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. GRINNELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
assay offices.
Mr. KASSON. I ask unanimous consent to
report, from the Committee on a uniform sys-
I tem of Coinage, Weights, and Measures, a bill
j to establish certain offices for the assay of gold
and silver, in lieu of certain branch mints here-
tofore established. The bill is in accordance
with the recommendation of the Treasury De-
partment, and I ask leave to report it now, as
the committee will not be again called this
j session.
Mr. ANCONA. Let the bill be read. I
will reserve my right to object until after I
have heard it read.
The bill was read. The first section requires
the Secretary of the Treasury to establish
assay offices of the United States for the re-
ceipt and for the melting, assaying, and stamp-
ing of gold and silver at Denver, in Colorado,
at Charlotte, in North Carolina, and at Dah-
lonega, in Georgia; and it appropriates the
sum of $5,000 for the purchase and repairs of
buildings at the branch mint at Charlotte, and
the same sum for the same purpose at Dahlon-
ega, to carry out the provisions of this sec-
tion.
The second section provides that as soon as
the public interest shall require the services
of such officers, the President shall appoint,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, for each of said assay offices, one super-
intendent, who shall perform the duties of
assayer, and one treasurer, who shall perform
the duties of melter ; and the superintendent
shall employ one clerk for his assistant, and
three workmen and one watchman, if in the
judgment of the Secretary of the Treasury
such services shall be required. The sala-
ries for such officers shall be as follows: for
the superintendent and assayer, $2,500 a year;
for the treasurer and melter, $2,500 a year;
for the clerk and assistant, $1,800 a year; and
the subordinates and workmen shall be paid
such wages as may be determined upon by the
superintendent and approved by the Secretary
of the Treasury; provided that such compen-
sation shall not exceed such wages and allow-
ances as are customary, according to their
respective trades and occupations.
The third section provides that the officers
and clerks to be appointed under this act,
before entering upon the execution of their
offices, shall take oath or affirmation before
some judge of a court of the United States or
of the supreme court of the Territory, as now
provided by law, faithfully and diligently to
perform the duties of their respective offices •
and shall each become bound to the United
States qf America, with one or more sureties, to
the satisfaction of the Director of the Mint or
Se ?®c,ri;t?ry of the Treasury, conditioned for
the faithful performance of the duties of their
ornces.
The fourth section provides that the business
ot said ornces shall be under the general con-
I tr.°r1fn,Jdi,re^ion of the Director of the Mint
at Philadelphia, subject to the approval of the
Secretary of the Treasury; and for this pur-
pose it is made the duty of the Director to pre-
scribe such regulations and require such returns
and to establish such charges for melting, as-
saying, and stamping as shall appear to him
necessary to carry into effect the provisions of
this act.
The fifth section proposes to enact that the
assay offices shall be places of deposit for pub-
lic moneys, if in the opinion of the Secretary
of the Tieasury it shall be expedient; and the
treasurer thereof is to have the custody of such
moneys as the Secretary of the Treasury may
direct, and for that purpose he is to be subject 1
to such provisions of an act to provide for the I
better organization of the Treasury and for the
collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and disburse-
ment of the public revenue, approved August
6, 1846, as relate to the Treasury and to the
branch mint at New Orleans.
The sixth section provides that the owner or
owners of any gold or silver in bullion, dust, or
other form, or of any foreign coin, shall be
entitled to deposit the same in any of said
offices ; and the treasurer is to give a receipt
stating the weight and description of such gold
or silver, bullion, dust, or coin as aforesaid, in
the manner and under such regulations as are
or may be provided in like cases of deposits at
the Mint of the United States. And such bul-
lion, dust, or coin is without delay to be melted,
assayed, and cast into bars or ingots, on which
shall be stamped the name of the assay office,
the number of the deposit from the first day
of each year, its weight and fineness and value
in each metal; and in this form the bullion
shall be returned to the depositor upon pay-
ment by him of the established charges of the
office.
The seventh section proposes to enact that
all laws and parts of laws now in force for the
regulation of the Mint of the United States and
its branches, and for the government of officers
and persons employed therein, and for the pun-
ishment ofall offenses connected therewith shall
be in full force in relation to the assay offices
established by this act so far as the same may
be applicable thereto.
The eighth section provides for the repeal
of an act to establish a branch mint at Den-
ver, Colorado Territory, approved April 21,
1862, and an act to establish branches of the
Mint of the United States, approved March 3,
1835, so far as the latter relates to the branch
mints at Charlotte and Dahlonega.
The ninth section proposes to authorize and
require the Secretary of the Treasury to re-
move the machinery and implements belong-
ing to the United States mint for the purpose
of coinage in the branch mints at Charlotte
and Dahlonega to the Mint at Philadelphia ;
but he may authorize the retention of such
portion of .the property, buildings, and ma-
chinery at either of those places as may be
necessary for the purpose of assaying metals,
as provided by this act.
Mr. ANCONA. I hope that the gentleman
does not propose that a bill like this shall be
considered without the privilege of discussion.
Mr. SPALDING. I renew my demand for
the regular order of business.
order op business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
during the morning hour is the call of com-
mittees for reports, commencing with the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BANKS obtained the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] to yield to me
that I may move to postpone the morning
hour until we have considered in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union the
naval appropriation bill.
?!r" ^ yield for that purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to postpone the
commencement of the morning hour until after
the consideration in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union of the naval appro-
priation bill.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I object to the post-
ponement of the morning hour if that involves
the postponement of the tariff bill.
The motion of Mr. Stevens was agreed to;
and the morning hour was postponed.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve it-
self into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union to proceed to the considera-
n of the bill (H. R. No. 1176) making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year end-
ing June 30, 1868.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accprdingly resolved itself into
