166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17.
consented by that Constitution, if you call it
such, or, in other words by a compact between
sovereignties, consented to part with a number
ofthe powers of government, to pant them
with all the functionaries, legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial, provided for in the Constitu-
tion of the United States. Now, in order to
maintain the independence they had achieved,
in order to provide for the common defense in
the event of foreign aggression, in order that
they should declare war and make peace as
well as maintain peace in the States, they
parted with certain powers for that protection
and defense. They retained, of course, the
balance. They became the grantors of certain
powers to the Government, and they surrend-
ered none others.
The very nature of the powers granted, as
■well as the very nature of the powers of gov-
ernment inhibited to the Government, shows
the grand objects and purposes of the Consti-
tution. One of these was to protect these
States in their foreign affairs, as shown by the
power to declare war and to make peace, and
as shown by the power contained in that Con-
stitution to regulate foreign commerce and
commerce between the States. Another object
was to preserve peace between the States, and
hence the jurisdiction of the United States was
extended to all suits pending between two or
more of the States.
It was therefore a commonwealth of States,
every State retaining by express provision,
though such express provision was not neces-
sary for the purpose, all powers of government
they did not grant away. Here, then, is the
charter. They were sovereign and independent,
with powers of government without limit except
as limited by their own constitutions. Hence
the Constitution of the United States is a char-
ter; it is a grant in which the States were
grantors, and the functions of government not
provided for in that charter were reserved to
themselves. When you look to understand the
powers granted and the powers reserved yon
must consider and understand that #e Gov-
ernment of the United States is a State creation
and its functionaries occupy the position of
grantees; that they receive all the power they
possess, all the jurisdiction they have by char-
ter and grant in the Constitution ofthe United
States, accorded to them by the agreement of
the thirteen original States.
That being the case, we must look into the
Constitution to see the nature and character of
these grants, and the character of the Govern-
ment created by them. I pronounce it to be a
commonwealth of States. Now, without any
provision in the Constitution of the United
States itself that all the powers not granted or
necessary to those granted are reserved to the
States and people respectively, that would
have necessarily followed without any provision
in the Constitution from the fact that the States
created tlje Government, that the States granted
all the powers which it possesses, and that
necessarily all the other powers of government
are reserved. In other words, I look upon the
Constitution of the United States as a treaty
between independent States by which every
State became a contractor with all the other
States that all the enumerated powers should
be surrendered up to a Government to be con-
stituted as provided for in that charter.
Now, sir, if that is the view, and the reason-
able view, fortified by examination of the doc-
ument itself and fortified by the political his-
tory of the country, then it is necessarily a
Government representative in its form. The
functionaries created by that Government are
legislative, executive, and judicial, according
to that charter from these States. They are to
be appointed in a given mode prescribed in
that Constitution, and they cannot be appointed
in any other. The legislative department is to
be made up of two representatives from each
State to the United States Senate, and of a
certain number of Representatives fixed in the
Constitution from each one of the thirteen
States ratifying the Constitution. It also pro-
vides bow the number shall afterward be fixed.
and that no State shall ever have less than one
Representative.
This Government can be wielded and con-
trolled, laws can be made by it for the pur-
pose of carrying into execution the powers
granted to the legislative branch only by and
through the instrumentalities provided m the
Constitution. Bach State agreed that every
other State should be represented in the lower
branch of Congress in the manner prescribed
by the: Constitution, by a given number, until
an apportionment should take place according
to a eensus of the population, and after that
by a given ratio. This is a Government of
Slates, to be conducted in its executive, legis-
lative, and judicial branches in a given mode,
and no State can be controlled or governed
legitimately under the Constitution that has
not its due representation upon the floor of
this House and, its equal representation upon
the floor of the Senate of the United States.
Mr. MYERS. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a question. In view of the statement
just expressed by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, I ask him whether, in his opinion, our
legislation during the rebellion, while the
southern States were unrepresented in Con-
gress, was illegal and is void.
Mr. HISE. If the gentleman will hear me
through I will come to that. Do not be impa-
tient, if you please.
Mr. MYERS. I hope I shall have a reply.
Mr. HISE. I will answer the gentleman's
question. It is provided in the Constitution
of the United States that a majority of all the
Representatives is required for the transaction
of business. A majority of all the Representa-
tives means a majority of all the Representa-
tives from every State of the Union, whether
in a state of war or of peace.
But the point to which I wish to direct the
attention of the House at this period of my
remarks is this: that there is no provision in
the Constitution for the government of a Ter-
ritory. There is no authority in the Constitu-
tion for the Congress of the United States by
and through its agencies, legislative, executive,
or judicial, to govern any community or body
of people except they be States. States
adopted the Constitution, States furnished the
Representatives, States provided for and ap-
pointed agencies, and the extent of the author-
ity of those agencies ia what the States have
made it.
I well remember that President Lincoln in
one of his messages or inaugurals—I do not at
this moment remember which—boldly assumed
the ground that there never were States out of
the Union existing on this continent; that the
Government of the United States wag para-
mount and supreme to all intents and pur-
poses, only by restraint where majorities could
not be maintained. In other words, that it
was a popular Government, a Government of
the majority, and that only majorities in the
legislative branch had a right to pass laws of
any description to which the minority of the
people or of the States were bound to submit.
The clear implication of that message or inau-
gural was that there never had existed sover-
eign and independent States outside of the
Union.
Now, I will acknowledge that before the
Articles of Confederation there were several
attempts among the Colonies to protect them-
selves against war with the Indian tribes by an
aggregation of their powers. A portion of the
country was colonized by the Dutch and there
were attempts at alliance between the Colonies,
but they never succeeded in establishing any
connection between them of a governmental
character.
Y ou cannot govern Territories. If you do you
usurp power without constitutional authority.
There is no authority in the Constitution to
govern Territories. This is a Government of
States in which all the States are be repre-
sented. The States choose the legislative and
the President, and the President appoints judi-
cial officers, and yet you exclude, and it is pro-
posed to keep out, ten of the States from repre-
sentation in Congress right in the teeth of a
positive injunction in the Constitution itself
that every State of the Union shall be repre-
sented according to a certain ratio of inhab-
itants, and that it shall have equal representa-
tion in the United States Senate.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman permit
a question?
Mr. HISE. Yes, sir.
Mr. KELLEY. I would like to ask the
gentleman whether the territorial governments
established under the administration of Wash-
ington were constitutional or not?
Mr. HISE. I will come to that. I admit
that from the very origin of the Government
up to the present period Congress has assumed,
in my opmiofr usurped originally, the authority
to establish political institutions and govern-
ments for people living outside of the States
of this Union, for people who did not live within
any of the States; for people who, it may be
very true, settled upon the public domain, upon
the land belonging to the Government of the
United States.
Now, I hold that this Government is essen-
tially and necessarily a representative Govern-
ment. The Constitution is its charter; in it
are set forth the powers which are to be exer-
cised by the appointees of the States and by
the States alone. Those governmental pow-
ers, legislative, executive, and judicial, must
be exercised by State authority and by State
agents under the charter that limits the pow-
ers and defines the extent of the authority.
Now, I admit that in progress of time, by re-
peated precedents, this thing of instituting
political governments and institutions for peo-
ple who have settled on the public domain has
become unquestioned. No public man now
questions it much, whatever may be his opin-
ion in regard to the power under the Constitu-
tion of the United States to do so. The power
has been usurped, and successive usurpations
have grown into precedents, so that now there
is an acquiescence upon the part ofthe people
of the United States, and perhaps also on the
part of the people who are living on the public
domain. But acquiescence does not create the
power or justify its exercise. The Constitu-
tion gives no authority for any government of
person or persons, community or communities,
outside of the States that compose the Com-
monwealth of this nation.
I know that as authority for the exercise of
this power over Territories we have been fre-
quently referred to that clause of the Consti-
tution which provides that " Congress shall
have power to dispose of and make all needful
rules and regulations respecting the territory
or other property belonging to the United
States." Now, I hold that if the members of
the Convention which framed the Constitution,
or any of the conventions of the States which
ratified it. had believed for a moment that that,
clause included the power of instituting politi-
cal governments over people outside of the
States, people who are notcitizens ofthe States,
they would have provided for the representa-
tion of those Territories upon this floor. This
Government can be carried on only through
the instrumentality of representation. It was
because there was an attempt oti the part of
Great Britain to govern the original Colonies
by enactments of Parliament in which they had
no representation that led to the struggle which
resulted in the establishment of our independ-
ence and the creation of our representative
form of government.
It is most astonishing that the time should
ever arrive'when the functionaries of these
State governments on this floor should set up
by usurpation, as I deem it, their own author-
ity and power to govern those States which are
not allowed a voice upon this floor; ten States
which have been excluded by your enactments
from any representation here, aud that, too,
in violation of the very principle of government
existing in all our fundamental charters of gov-
ernment, State and Federal, of the very prin-
ciple upon which the Colonies with but three
milliou people, hazarded a war with Great Brit-
