I860.
1H1 CTOFOEESSIOMAL GLOBS.
161
am. It is astonishing that by any lapse of time
these old revolutionary recollections and the
devotion and love of the people for represent-
ative government, should be forgotten, and
the time should arrive when party domination,
actuated and impelled by party malevolence and
fierceness or party rapacity; should attempt to
set aside all the principles of government and
to govern these people in all respects by meas-
ures and institutions which appear to me—I
speak it with all due "deference to the majority
on this floor—to be malevolent and malignant
in the last degree.
As I have already said, I admit that territorial
governments have been imposed upon people
living upon the public domain, and many public
men have attempted to derive the authorify for
establishing those governments from the clause
of the Constitution authorizing Congress to do
no more than preserve or dispose of the public
property; " to make all needful rules and reg-
ulations respecting the territory or other prop-
erty belonging to the United States." That is
a provision giving power to Congress to dispose
of or preserve the public property; nothing
more.
Why, sir, several of the States of this Union
ceded large tracts of territory to the Govern-
ment of the United States before the adoption
of the Constitution. People flocked upon that
territory and occupied those lands. The Con-
gress of the United States assumed, no doubt
under this clause of the Constitution, the au-
thority to institute political governments for
such territory. But, sir, I say that if there
had been any intention upon the part of the
fi-amers of the Constitution to authorize by this
clause the institution of territoriargovernments
by the Congress of the United States, the Con-
stitution, which evinces in every part the devo-
tion of its framers to the principles of repub-
lican government, would have provided that
the Territories thus constituted should be rep-
resented in the Legislature of the Union. The
absence of such a provision indicates clearly
to my mind that the exercise of this congres-
sional control over the Territories was never
contemplated by {he men who constructed the
great charter of our political government.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a brief question?
Mr. HISE. Yes, sir.
Mr. KELLEY. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman whether the Congress by which those
first territorial governments were instituted was
not to a large extent composed of gentlemen
who had participated in the action of the Con-
vention that framed the Constitution; and
whether Thomas Jefferson, the founder and
the head of the States' Rights Democratic
party, did not, instead of opposing the con-
gressional government of the Territories as un-
constitutional, submit the most important
amendment perhaps that ever was made to any
of those territorial acts, the provision excluding
slavery from the territory northwest of the river
Ohio, thereby indorsing those territorial gov-
ernments as, in his judgment, constitutional?
Mr. HISE. Mr. Speaker, I do not wish to
be drawn off at present into a discussion of
the subject of slavery. I will say, however,
that I cannot at present remember (for it is
years since I examined the record, if I ever
examined it) how the yeas and nays were made
up upon the first proposition to institute under
the authority of Congress political govern-
ments for the Territories.
Mr. FINCK. I would suggest to my friend
from Kentucky, in answer to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] that the
amendment proposed by. Mr. Jefferson was
prior to the adoption of the Constitution of
the United States.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman is correct
as to that particular proposition; but that
does not affect the other portion of my ques-
tion touching the establishment of temtorial
governments by Congress.
Mr. HISE. The compact between the Con-
gress of the United States and the State of Vir-
ginia in relation to the cession of the territory
northwest of the river Ohio—I speak from my
present recollection and I have not examined
the subject for some years—provided, not that
Congress should organize Territories and insti-
tute territorial governments with no represent-
ation ,of those communities in Congress, but
that the territory ceded should be formed into
'' not less than three, nor more than,five States,"
which should be admitted into the Union "on
an equal footing with the original States in all
respects whatsoever." I do not recollect that
that ordinance of 1787 contained any provision
for the institution of territorial governments by
Congress over the people who might go upon
those lands and inhabit them. I acknowledge
that the Congress of the United States had
authority, under that clause of the Constitution
to which I have referred, to provide for survey-
ing those lands and bringing them into market
and to specify the terms upon which they might
be occupied and settled. All this may have
been done;' but the exercise of governmental
power over people unrepresented is a thing for-
eign to our whole system of government, Fed-
eral and State.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HISE. If I yield, I hope the House
will indulge me by setting aside *he hour rule
so as to enable me to conclude my remarks.
Mr. WENTWORTH and others. Certainly,
we will do that,
Mr. HISE. Then I yield to the gentleman
I do not wish to inter-
rupt the gentleman without his cordial con-
sent. The question I was about to propose
was, whether the gentleman from Kentucky
assimilates the condition of the ten States now
unrepresented in Congress to that of territory
belonging to the Government that has never
been organized into States.
Mr. HISE. I will consider that point when
I come more directly to the question of repre-
sentation.
Mr. MAYNARD. Very well, sir. I was
going to make that the foundation of another
question, but I will not press it.
Mr. HISE. Mr. Speaker, in the course of
policy indicated by all the atrocious and
monstrous measures which have been brought
forward here, the dominant majority in this
body have indicated a deep-seated conscious-
ness that there can be no State in the Union
without its representatives in Congress; that
there can be no State unless that State has
its proportionate share of representation on
this floor. Hence, while the majority in this
Congress exclude from representation ten
States, comprising a population of twelve or
fifteen millions, they at the same time propose
to institute over those States a most oppressive
government, to justify which they must main-
tain, as they do, that those States are out of the
Union, that they are not States of the Union
If they are not States in the Union, then I
do not think you can govern them at all. You
have no right to do it. If they are kept out
of the Union by any means whatever, then I
deny the authority of the States in the Union
under this Constitution of Government to gov-
ern them at all. They would have the same
ground now, at least* of remonstrance, protest,
and resistance, that we had when we declared
our independence at the risk of a bloody
struggle with the enormous power of the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain. You deny them
now representation upon this floor, which was
then denied to our fathers by the British Gov-
ernment. Did it justify our forefathers, the
people who inhabited these thirteen British
colonies, in shaking off British domination,
coming from under the British yoke, and
making that war with Great Britain—you may
call it revolution, then it was—did it justify
them upon the ground of right and principle ?
W here now is the American citizen who will
not say the Declaration of Independence was
not justified, that the union of the colonists to
establish that independence was not justified
and ijghtful in itself?
These gentlemen are .mighty sticklers for the
Declaration of Independence and the principles
therein contained; and that Declaration con-
tains the principle in substance that the people
have the right to alter, remodel, and abolish
their institutions of government at discretion,
and that whenever in the progress of human
events it becomes necessary for one people to
dissolve the political bands which have con-
nected them with another, but a decent respeet
for the opinion of mankind would seem to
require they should make a declaration of the
causes that led them to that point. So we did
in reference to Great Britain. We made a
declaration of the causes which led to the
Revolution, and one of the main causes was
that these Colonies had been denied all repre-
sentation.
It is true that Government was oppressive.
It is true our people were taken abroad and
tried in British courts. It is true American
commcree was taxed by acts of the British
Parliament. They rose up against the oppress-
ive government that was attempted to be riveted
upon them by the British Government. Op-
pressive'government, misrule, and revolution
will follow every people who are denied repre-
sentation in the body that attempts to govern
them. .Witness what we are doing, witness
what we have done, and then see whether or
not the principle of representation being aban-
doned or surrendered or taken away the rule
still held over the people unrepresented will
not result in unjust, sectional, oppressive, and
arbitrary governments.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman has sub-
stantially answered the question I propounded a
few moments ago, and which was preliminary
to another, namely, whether, in case any State
becomes deprived of all State government, all
civil government, it can have any representa-
tion in Congress until that civil government is
restored and reestablished ? In other words,
is not the existence of a valid State government
the foundation of all right of representation in
this body?
Mr. HISE. I will come to that, sir, directly.
Suppose it to be yielded and conceded for argu-
ment's sake that the Congress of the United
States, this Government of States, can adopt
and impose political institutions and govern-
ments over people not being a State and com-
munity, over a people who never have been
received or admitted as States into the Union;
suppose it to be conceded although it is in vio-
lation of the grand doctrine at the very found-
ation of our system of government, to wit,
representation, it does not follow you can
adopt political government and institutions for
people who have never lived upon your terri-
tory, who never occupied any portion of your
public domaifi-; a right of government that
cannot be inferred from that provision of the
Constitution that Congress shall make all need-
ful rules and regulations respecting the terri-
tory and other property of the United States.
Instead of holding any portion of lands
within the borders of the Colonies at the pub-
lication of the Articles of Confederation which
preceded and produced the Union of these
States, the United States Government had not
a foot of land I know of in North America.
Cessions were afterward made. When the
Constitution was adopted there were lands
ceded by some of the States. The States not
only granted the great charter of your Gov-
ernment, not only created the Constitution,
but some of them gave you their lands. The
States were the grantors of lands as well as
the grantors of powers. Virginia, North Caro-
lina, South Carolina, and Georgia made ces-
sions of large tracts of unappropriated or un-
settled domain to the Government of the
United States, which lands have been used and
enjoyed, have been disposed of and used for
public emolument and benefit in every way,
and now you deny representation on this floor
to these very States. Virginia by her Barber
and Madison; South Carolina by her Pinckney,
Butler, andRutledge; Georgia by her Few and
Baldwin ; some of the ablest and jPOsfc illus-
