1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1597
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Dawks in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill (H. It.
No. llT'il making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending June 30, lSt>8.
On motion ot Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous
consent, the first reading of the bill was dis-
pensed with, and the bill was read by clauses
lor amendment.
The Clerk read the following:
Nary-yard at Philadelphia:
For Bulkley's patent drier, with buildings com-
plete, $3j,lx)0.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to amend by
striking out the clause just read.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I have no personal interest in this mat-
ter ; but I know that by the use of this inven-
tion the Navy Department has saved a great
many thousand dollars. It is essential to the
interests of the Government to have perfectly
seasoned timber; and it is often necessary to
obtain it within a short time : hence the util-
ity of this drier.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would like to know
whether the gentleman from New York knows
what this patent-drier is like? I come from a
timber country and know something about it.
Mr. DAVIS. It is a process by which tim-
ber is cured in a very short time.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I hope
it will not be struck out. The committee will
notice the appropriations for the Philadelphia
navy-yard are very small; and I have the au-
thority of the Department for saying it is very
desirable this patent-drier should be estab-
lished in connection with that navy-yard. I
Mr. MYERS. I hope the House will con- ,
cur with the Committee on Appropriations, j
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
field] seems to have no good reason against
it, while the Department and the committee
inform us there are many good reasons for it.
Mr. STEVENS. The Committee on Appro-
priations investigated this subject with consid-
erable care. It is a most remarkable process,
by which timber in one or two days receives a
seasoning that in the ordinary way would
require one or two years. There is a great lack
of room at the navy-yard at Philadelphia. The
necessary seasoning of timber there now can-
not be done, and the officers concerned in the
drying of timber say this is necessary. They
say this process seasons timber, not in years or
months, but in days, and is a great saving in
every way. I am sure if my colleague consid-
ered it he would not oppose this appropriation.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have no doubt this
mode of seasoning timber is a good one. When
I put the question to my friend from New York
I suspected men interested in this had told
him this is a good process and he took it for
franted without knowing what the process is.
irrhat I allege is this process of drying timber
by heated air and steam, by either or by both,
does not belong to this man, and he has no
right to monopolize it, for it is a prooess older
than he is years of age. It was known before
he was born. We have, therefore, the right to
use it at Philadelphia or anywhere else with-
out paying for its use. They are now using it
in my district. Private individuals are now
and have been drying timber in the same way.
Mr. STEVENS. This appropriation is not
all for this patent drier, but also for the build-
ings indicated.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not know what the
buildings are worth, but I suppose not more
than $2,500, and the rest of the $35,000 goes
for the patent drier.
Mr. PIKE. I think the Committee on Ap-
propriations have forgotten the House passed'
a bill, which the Senate has concurred in and
the President approved, removing the navy-
yard from Philadelphia to League Island.
This is a proposition for buildings which will
have to be taken down and sold almost imme-
diately on the transfer of the yard. I suggest
the amendment be struck out and put in some
subsequent bill for League Island navy-yard.
Mr. KASSON. Lest the contest on the part
of the gentleman from Philadelphia should
lead to the impression this is a Pennsylva-
nia enterprise, 1 beg leave to say this subject
has been examined by the Committee on Ap-
propriations as carefully as possible. My own
conviction is the public service requires the
introduction of this patent drier into every
navy-yard. In my judgment there ought to be
an appropriation for Charlestown navy-yard
and Brooklyn navy-yard. Lumber which has to
lie in the yards one and two years to become
properly seasoned for use, by this machinery
or process is seasoned in a few days. It is a
great economy of time and room, and we be-
sides save the interest on the money invested
for one or two years. For these reasons I have
advocated, with Rear Admiral Smith, of the
Bureau of Yards and Docks, the introduction
of this process into our navy-yards. I know
in one instance where a piece of square tim-
ber had been in process of curing for over a
year this machine has reduced it several pounds
in weight in twenty-four hours.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman calls it a
process, a mysterious word, when there is
nothing more about it than steam or heated
air which has been applied time out of mind.
Mr. KASSON. The proper department has
issued a patent, and if he is not entitled to it
that fact I suppose will be shown.
This appropriation, however, is for all the
buildings, steam-machinery, and all the requi-
site instrumentalities for the process. It is for
the drier, with buildings complete j that in-
cludes all the machinery.
The question being put on the amendment
of Mr. Scofield, there were—ayes 46, noes
26; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Scofield and Randall, of
Pennsylvania.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 07, noes 29.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I move to insert after
the clause " for repairs of all kinds, $80,000"
the following:
And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby author-
ized and directed to receive and accept a deed orgift,
when offered by the State of Connecticut, of a tract
of land situated on the Thames river, near New
London, Conaectieut, with a water front of not less
than one mile, to be held by the United States for
naval purposes.
I conceive that there can be no objection to
this proposition.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KU YKENDALL. I move to insert the
following:
Naval station at Mound City, Illinois:
For repairs and general care of public property,
$10,000.
I have the consent of the committee to offer
this and the advice of the Department if ne-
cessary. There are about one hundred and
seventy-five hands there at work all the time.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to insert the fol-
lowing after the appropriation for furniture
and repairs of the Naval Asylum at Phila-
delphia :
For the purchase of books, under the direction of
the governor of the asylum, for the increase of the
sailors'library in that institution, $1,000.
I will explain in a word the object of this
amendment. There are in the Naval Asylum
at Philadelphia about one hundred old sailors ;
many of them armless and legless ; all more or
less decrepit. They have attached to the insti-
tution now a little library made up of various
contributions; and any one who visits this
institution will find some forty or fifty of the
inmates on any day sitting in the reading-room
and reading books thus supplied to them, so
well thumbed that they are now nearly worn
out. When I visited the asylum a short time
since the tears fairly started from the eyes of
the old veterans upon my suggesting to them I
would ask Congress to increase somewhat their
library ; for they said they had read over and
over again the few books they had.
The amendment was agreed'to. r
The Clerk read as follows:
For pay of superintendents and the civil establish-
ment at the several navy-yards and stations under
control of the Bureau of Yards and Docks, and at the
Naval Asylum, $158,907.
Mr. BANKS. I move to add to the para-
graph just read the following proviso :
Provided, That tho offices of civil engineer, master
machinist master carpenter, master joiner, master
blacksmith, master boiler-maker, master sail-maker,
master plumber, master painter, master caulker,
master laborer, and naval storekeepers be, and tho
same are hereby, established in connection with the
navy-yards atKittery, Maine; Charlestown, Massa-
chusetts: Brooklyn, New York; Puiladelphia, Penn-
sylvania, and Washington, Districtof Columbia. And
that the persons selected to fill the several offices
hereby established shall be appointed by tho Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate; andshall have the immediate supervision and
direction of the work to be performed in their several
departments, with authority to select and to discharge
such workmen as the necessities of tho service may
require, subject always to the approval of the com-
mandant of thenavy-yard to which they are attached.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Before the gentleman
advocates this proposition I would like to ask
if it is in order to move that as an amend-
ment to this bill, whether it is not legislation
appended to an appropriation bill?
Mr. BANKS. It does not change the law
at all. It is declaratory, and it is, moreover,
substantially the same measure that passed this
House a week or two since. It is designed to
prevent a practice, which has grown up in all
the yards, of placing the mechanics of the
yards under the direction and superintendence
of warrant-officers of the Navy. That prac-
tice is not in conformity with the law, but
against it, and it is against the uniform practice
in the Government until recently.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I understand it makes
no additional offices.
Mr. BANKS. No, sir; it makes no addi-
tional offices.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Does it involve any in-
crease of pay?
Mr. BANKS. It makes no change in the
pay-
Mr. SCOFIELD. I raise no objection. I
withdraw the point of order. •
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I offer the
following amendment to come in after the
amendment just adopted:
For pay of some suitable person appointed by
the Secretary of tho Navy to examine the archives
of the Department and other sources of information,
and collect and collate the facts which may illus-
trate the history of the United States Nary, $1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For preparing for publication the American Nau-
tical Almanac, $15,000.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
if this appropriation of $15,000 is the usual
annual appropriation?
Mr. STEVENS. It is what we always give.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I make no objection.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to
insert after line eighty-nine the following:
For payment of expenses of Visitors to the Naval
Academy, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANLER. I move to strike out the
following clause :
Bureau of Construction and Repair:
For pay of superintendents and the civil estab-
lishment at the several navy-yards under this bureau,
$63,000.
I move to strike out this clause, because until
the whole system of the Navy Department is
reorganized the civil appointments are given
to none but political pets, and are made for
the purpose of maintaining certain lazy poli-
ticians in places, not for the public welfare,
not to aid in the construction or equipment of
our fleet, but to provide certain persons who
are useful on election day with easy berths and
nice, comfortable boats in which to float off
into eternity. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, there is no greater source of moral
and political corruption in the neighborhood of
our large cities, where these navy-yards have
been established, than these superintendences
