1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
928
It violates the principle on which the bill should
rest—an increase of duty in proportion to the
increase of labor.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 should like to have the
Senator from Connecticut tell me a single case
in which the Senate have proposed higher
rates of duty than the House bill.
Mr. FOSTER. On grindstones ; on emery.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is mistaken
in that. The House bill proposed five dollars
a ton on grindstones, and I believe my col-
league finally got the Senate to consent to three
dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No ; he failed in that.
Wo put it at five dollars on the finished article
and ten per cent, on the unfinished.
Mr. FOSTER. The Senate raised the
amount reported by the Committee on Finance ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot recall a single
article on which the Senate bill raises the duty
above the House rates.
Mr. FOSTER. I was wrong in saying the
Senate raised the amount over the House bill.
What I meant to say was that the Senate had
increased in some cases the amount of duties
reported by our Finance Committee on the
commodities which are used by the manufac-
turers of thesfe articles. Now, in order that
justice may be done to these manufactures we
should certainly increase the amount of duty
imposed on these articles imported, if we have
increased the amount of duties recommended
by the Finance Committee on those articles
entering into their manufacture ; and! cannot
but believe that the honorable chairman him-
self is satisfied that this is no more than a
reasonable increase' of duty.
Mr. President, I challenge comparison on
this subject with any other article which is now
manufactured in the country showing a decrease
in price for the last two years. In 18G1 the
five different grades of knives that are manu-
factured in this country were sold in New York
at these prices: §2 75 per dozen for one de-
scription, and now that same class of American
knives is sold in New York for $2 50 per
dozen. Another class which two years ago
were sold at $3 80 per dozen, are now sold at
$<! per dozen. Another class thaC were sold
two years ago at §G per dozen, arc now
sold at $5 75 per dozen. Another class that
were sold two years ago for $10 55 per dozen,
are now sold for $9 50 per dozen: and another
class that wore sold at S22 per dozen are now
sold for $20 per dozen. There is no article
of American manufacture, in my opinion, that
can show such a decrease in price in the last
two years when commodities of all sorts, as a
general thing, have been rising.
The English knives of these same grades
two years ago were sold in New York at prices
higher than the American knives by Spl per
dozen in one case, ij>l 70 in another, §1 S-la
in another, $2 05 in another, and §1 75 in
another. Two years ago the English knives
cost those several sums more than the Amei'i-
can knives. Now, however, unfortunately for
the American manufacturer this is all reversed,
and English knives of the first grade are sold
in New Y'ork to-day for forty cents per dozen
less than the American, the next twenty cents,
the next $1 20, the next $2 50, and the next
$6 70.
I submit to Senators, under these circum-
stances, that an increase of duty such as I
have proposed is the least that will enable the
American manufacturer to keep in the market.
I put it to Senators that here is as good an
exemplification of the effect of the American
system on an American industry as we can
ever expect to see ; that is, by the imposition
of a duty we have brought down the price of
the article very considerably. The English,
however, have reduced theirs m two years below
Ours; manifestly intending to get the market;
and if they do get it the price will go back again
to the old standard speedily, because there will
be no competition. With this additional spe-
cific duty of fifty cents per dozen vn knives
costing over two dollars per dozen the advan-
tage will still be in favor of the English manu-
facturer; but the importation will not be de-
creased below the amount which is now im-
ported, and the revenue therefore will not suffer.
The domestic manufacture, however, if this
trifling addition is allowed to be put upon the
bill, will, I think, bo saved, and the price to
the consumer will be less at the end of a year
than though we reduced this duty. I have a
right to say that, Mr. President, because two
years ago, when the English price was above
ours, by protecting our home article we brought
down the English below ours; so that I do not
speak hypotheticallv; I speak with demonstra-
tion in my hand. I hope, therefore, that this
trifling addition will be allowed.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and declared that the
noes appeared to have it.
Mr. SPRAGUE called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 25 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cowan, Edmunds, Foster, Harris,
Howe. Morrill, Spraguo, and Wilson—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekitlew, Cattell, Chandler, Con-
ness, Cratrm, Davis, Doolittle,Fessenden, Fogf?, Fow-
ler, Freluigtmysen, Hendricks, Johnson, Ivirkwood,
Lano, Morgan, Patterson, Ramsey, Sherman,
Stewart. Trumbull, Wade, Willey, Williams, aud
Yates—25.
ABSKNT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Ore«well, Itix-
on, Grimes, Guthrie. Henderson, Howard, MeDnnfrall,
Nesmith, Norton, Nyc, Poland, Pomeroy, KuUUe,
Ross, Saulsbury, Sumner, and Van Winkle—lfJ.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. On page 8G, section
thirteen, line sixty-three, I move to strike out
"twenty-four cents per hundred pounds" and
to insert "eighty per cent, ad valoremso
that the clause will lead:
On salt in bulk, and on all rock salt or mineral salt,
eighty per emit. <td ualorc.n.
Mr. President, that is ten per cent, higher
than the duty upon any article of silk goods
imported ; it is as high as the tariff upon
woolen goods generally; and it really seoms
to me that the tax upon salt ought to be as
cheap as upon the mere luxuries of life. I
ask tor the yeas and nays on this amendment
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask of the
Senator from Missouri, as he has examined
this question, what reduction his amendment
will be upon the bill itself in the tax upon
salt?
Mr. HENDERSON. I can state to the
Senator that in 1305 we imported two hun-
dred and seventy million pounds of salt, cost-
ing us thirteen cenls per hundred pounds.
This bill proposes to tax that article costing
thirteen cents, twenty-four cents. I propose to
put it at eighty per cent-, which will be ten and
four tenths cents on each one hundred pounds.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not intend to dis-
cuss this at any length ; but it seems to me
that the friends of the bill ought to agree to a
proposition so reasonable as this.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is the old tax. There
is no change.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is suggested to me
that the report of the committee is the old tax.
I am not able to see that that is an important
consideration. If the old tax is what it ought
not to be now, as we are in the work of revis-
ing the tariff, wc ought to make it what it
ought to be.
Mr. HENDERSON. Taxes, like revolu-
tions, never go back.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, Mr. President,
that is one of the troubles. When you put a
tax on an article, it is almost impossible ever
to reduce it again ; and here is the argument
now applied to salt that everybody needs that
we need in very large quantities in the western
countries to preserve our meats. Because the
tax in the midst of the war, when all the com-
forts and necessaries of life were taxed to the
people, had to be very high, the argument now
is that we ought not to reduce it.
Mr. HENDERSON. The tax under the old
law was eighteen cents, not twenty-four cents.
This is an increase.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is what was fixed
by the House and sent to us.
Mr. HENDERSON. But this is not the
present law. To suppose so is a mistake.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I understand the
facts to be, that the existing law taxes it eight-
een cents, and the proposition of the bill now
is to tax it twenty-four cents.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is it.
Mr. FOSTER. If. the Senator from Indi-
ana will allow me, if the importation contin-
ued the same the next year as last the addi-
tion of six cents per one hundred pounds would
tax the country $355,637 35 on salt alone.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir. Now, the
answer of the chairman of the committee is
that this is the tax proposed by the Houso.
Why, sir, the committee has repudiated the
House bill and has adopted another bill. Why
do we insist upon having the House bill upon
this article, so absolutely necessary ? We can-
not reduce it, it seems, although the tax was
put upon salt during the war; but instead of
reducing it we propose to increase it one fourth,
from eighteen up to twenty-four cents. I can-
not think it is necessary to argue this question
with the gentlemen that have an interest in
this bill. They certainly ouglft to give some
popular features to this bill, if it is possible to
do so. Sir, this is a monstrous bill. When a
thing so reasonable and right as this is asked
it ought not to bo resisted, by the friends of the
bill. Here is a necessary of life that cannot bo
dispensed with, and the tax is unreasonable.
If the statement of the Senator from Connect-
icut is to be relied upon (and I cannot ques-
tion it, for he has examined the subject) the
tax is most unreasonable. It is a tax that
ought not to be put hardly upon a luxury. It
would bo a heavy tax upon whisky; a heavy
tax upon brandies or wine.
Some ridicule was made of this the other
day, that it did not amount to very much. It
does amount, to very much to us in the West.
When we put,'up the hogs in the West we need
the salt to preserve the meat. It is atax upon
the man who puis the meat up. The Senator
from Missouri, who has examined this subject
and who proposes this amendment, tells me
that the tax proposed by the committee is one
hundred and eighty-four per cent.
Mr. FOSTER. More than that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Well, that is enough.
Mr. FOSTER. On a single cargo imported
into New York last year it was one hundred
and sixty-two per cent., when the tax stood at
eighteen cunts on the huudrcd pounds. This
bill proposes to make it twenty-four cents.
Mr. HENDERSON. I take the whole
importations of last year.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Mis-
souri suv s, taking the entire importation of the
year, twenty-four cents would be one hundred
and eighty-four per cent. One hundred and
eighty-four per cent.! Senators know that
that, is a tax which will be paid, because salt
must be had. If you tax salt five hundred per
cent, everybody must still buy salt, because it
is absolutely necessary to the comfort of the
family; it is absolutely necessary to preserve
the meat that is butchered all over the coun-
try; and the committee know very well that
they will collect revenue in that way. .lust so
on sugar. They say it is important to the rev-
enue. Of course it is; people must have sugar,
and if you tax it three cents a pound of course
the people must pay it, because they must have
sugar. You tax coffee five or six cents a pound.
It will not make much difference in the amount
used, for people must have coffee. Then if you
put the tax very high on manufactured articles,
such as woolens and cottons, and exclude im-
portations altogether, you destroy revenue by
your prohibitory tariff, and give the monopoly
of the market of the country to the home man-
ufacturer at high prices, and rely upon the
absolute necessaries of life for the revenue.
This salt duty is an illustration. I appeal to
gentlemen to do what is now reasonable, Why,
it is less than reasonable. The duty proposed
by the Senator from Missouri is altogether totr
