1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1599
bat I will go the whole length and pay all of
our indebtedness in "greenbacks."
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. O'NEILL. I do not think it is frank
or fair toward the citizens of the country for a
gentleman to rise in his seat and make the
statement my colleague has made. 1 should
have preferred him to say the $100,000,000 of
"greenbacks" was to take the place of the
$100,000,000 of compound-interest notes which
were withdrawn or retired. As he stated it
the country would get the impression that we
were increasing the currency, when such is not
the fact.
Mr. MORRILL. I make the point of order
this debate is not pertinent to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. KASSON. I move to reduce the ap-
propriation S>1,000, to say a word. In my
judgment this will initiate a large expenditure
for the entire rebuilding of these Marine bar-
racks. The subject was presented to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and for two reasons
the committee have declined to make any rec-
ommendation on the subject: one that it was
not proper to introduce it into a bill of this
kind without the fullest examination of what
is to be the entire cost; and the other was they
deemed it improper, so soon after the close of
the war, and while the public debt remained
unsettled, to commence a work involving so
large an expenditure. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The estimates
are that the entire cost will be $138,000; that
is, for rebuilding these barracks. I call atten-
tion to the following letters on the subject:
Headquarters Marine Corps,
Quartermaster's Office,
Washington, February^, 1867.
Sir: I have the honor to present for your consid-
eration, the propriety of your asking an appropria-
tion to construct one wing of the Marine barracks, at
■Washington, District of Columbia. In the plan and
estimate of cost of the reconstruction of the entire
barracks submitted to, and approved by, the Navy
Department, the sum of 8138,900 was required; but as,
under any circumstances, only one wing at a time
could be erected, an appropriation of, say, £65,000
would meet the immediate wants of the service. I am
induced to bring this subject to your notice from tho
present dilapidated condition of the barracks, and the
responsibility I feel as quartermaster to do all in my
power to provide suitable quarters for tho accommo-
dation of the men. Of the fact that the present condi-
tion of these barracks offers but little protection for the
health and comfort of the men, it will only be neces-
sary for any one to go and examine them to bo satis-
fied; and in this connection I incloso copy of a letter
from tho medical officer of the post.
Trusting that the importance of the abovo matter
will be a sufficient excuse for my bringing it to your
notice at this time,
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. B. SLACK,
Quartermaster Marine Corps.
Hon. Alexander H. Rice,
Chairman Naval Committee, Home of Representatives.
Approved and forwarded:
J. ZEILIN, Colonel Commandant.
Headquarters Marine Barracks,
Washington, February 14,1867.
Sre : Tour letter of February 2, " asking whether,
in a sanitary point of view, the reconstruction of the
Marine barracks is really required for tho future
health and comfort of the men" has been received.
In reply, I beg leavo to state that I consider the
present barracks as unstrited for the accommodation
of the force usually occupying them. The rooms are
small, cannot be properly warmed or ventilated,
and have none of the modern conveniences of bar-
racks, such as rooms for cleaning arms, accouter-
ments, wash-rooms, &c.
To show how much they are crowded, room num-
ber four is thirty-seven feet long, twenty-three feet
wide, and thirteen feet high, has eleven thousand
and sixty-three cubic feet of air; in it thirty-eight
men are quartered, giving to each two hundred and
ninety-one cubic feet of air, whereas there should be
at least eight or nine hundred cubic feet per man.
The men are obliged to wash in the open air in all
weathers. The arrangement of the latrines, nigllt
urinals, and the drainage of the present building is
defective.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
L. J. WILLIAMS,
Surgeon United States Navy.
Colonel J. zeilin, Commandant United States Marine
Corns, Headquarters Washington.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment to the amendment.
The amendment was then disagreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I motfe to insert the
following:
Provided, That the American Nautical Almanac
bo printed at the Government Printing Office, and
that the entire expense of preparing it lor publica-
tion be $25,000, and no more.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The gentle-
man may not be aware it is now printed there.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 introduce this prop-
osition at the instance of the chairman of the
Committee on Printing. There is great pro-
' priety in the work being done there. I have
often heard the statement by the gentleman
who I understand has been reappointed Super-
intendent of Public Printing that the work
could be as well, if not better, done there,
j If it is done there now this amendment will
I do no harm, but will be only a formal expres-
! Bion of our wish.
| One word in reference to the amount. To
t economize on this seems to be economizing in a
; bad place. This, as is well known, is a work of
| rare scientific character, involving the aspects
of the heavenly bodies for the purpose of being
! used by nautical men in the naval and com-
mercial marine. Few persons are able to pre-
pare it. Its value depends upon its accuracy,
for otherwise it is worse than useless and
becomes a snare.
Besides, it is a work that goes all over the
commercial world, and one that presents our
scientific attainments to the eyes of all the
other nations. This sum, $25,000, has been
the constant appropriation until I believe the
last Congress, when it was raised to $'25,825.
I trust the Committee on Appropriations will
concur in letting it stand where it has been for
a long time until the last session, when it was
reduced to $15,000. I had occasion to exam-
ine into this matter several years ago, when I
was a member of this House. It was a sub-
ject that was much discussed, and some gen-
tlemen attacked it with great severity; but I
became satisfied that it was an expenditure that
was very wise and economical. I trust the
House will let it stand as it is.
Mr. KASSON. The estimate made for this
year and submitted to the committee was less
than that proposed now by the gentleman from
Tennessee. I think the estimate was $21,200.
I concur with the gentleman that it is an impor-
tant publication, and in providing the requisite
means for it, and if we could go back I would
have no objection to substituting $21,000 for
$15,000. But the amendment proposed by
the gentleman is objectionable in two particu-
lars. In the first place, the arrangements he
proposes have already taken effect, and in the
second place he asks more than the estimate
that was submitted to us. Unless, therefore,
we can go back and make the change I hope
the amendment will be rejected; and if the
amount is too small let it be corrected in the
Senate.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out the
last word for the sake of replying to the gen-
tleman. I think he will find, on looking at the
estimate presented at the last session, that it
was $25,825, and the House reduced - it to
$15,825. Now, the estimate submitted this
year has been made under a pressure occa-
sioned by our legislation in the last Congress,
showing a disposition to reduce it to the very
lowest point that it was possible to reduce it
in accordance with the judgment of Congress,
and coming as near as possible to what was
regarded as the sentiment of the House.
Mr. KASSON. That is very doubtful pres-
sure.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand and appre-
ciate it. We are told on high authority that
" there is that withholdeth more than is meet
and tendeth to poverty." This is a matter of
necessity; it is not economy; it is penurious-
ness and parsimony.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment of Mr. Maynard was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to
add the following as an additional section:
Sec.—. .And be it further enacted. That the Secretary
of the Navy be, and he is hereby, authorized to use
any sums heretofore appropriated for naval purposes
remaining unexpended for such repairs and improve-
ments at tho several navy-yards as have been esti-
mated for and for which appropriations are not
herein provided.
Mr. KASSON. I wish to inquire how far
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Rice]
intends to go back and authorize the use of
any unexpended balances heretofore appro-
priated? There seems to be no limit according
to the gentleman's amendment. I would like
some explanation.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I observe by
examining this bill that the estimates for the
general appropriations for expenditures of the
navy-yaras amounted to $7,712,075, and that
the Committee on Appropriations have cut it
down by about seven million dollars, leaving
it $707,063 in place of $7,712,075.
Now, it must be apparent to anybody and
everybody that the naval establishment cannot
be carried on upon that sum of money. I have
had no desire to contest these appropriations
as we have progressed with the bill, and the
purpose of the amendment which I have now
offered is, that the Secretary of the Navy may
make use of any surplus funds that he has on
hand, if he have any such, and may expend
them in carrying on the navy-yards in the par-
ticulars for which estimates were made by the
Department for the coming fiscal year. That
is all there is of it.
Mr. KASSON. I hope the gentleman will
so modify his amendment as to include only
the balances of sums of money heretofore
appropriated and not lapsed into the Treasury
by the expiration of time. I think that would
probably be the construction of the amend-
ment as now offered, but I prefer to make it
certain.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I have no
objection to that.
Mr. PIKE. I ask that the amendment may
be again read.
The Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. PIKE. I ask the gentleman to state
what amount of money this involves.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I cannot say
exactly. I stated when I was upon the floor
before that the estimates for these objects
amounted to $7,712,000; but the committee
have cut out the $7,000,000 and have left only
the $712,000. I do not know how much may
be necessary to be expended in carrying on
the naval establishment for the next year ; but
the amendment which I have offered is in-
tended to give the Department the privilege
of expending any surplus that they have on
hand and that has not lapsed into the Treas-
ury, in carrying on the naval establishment
according to the estimates made by the De-
partment for the next fiscal year.
Mr. PIKE. I merely wanted the House to
be made aware of the nature of the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. If I understand it, it would involve
the full amount that the committee have cut
out, $7,000,000, the amount of the appropria-
tions to the various navy-yards, South and
North, and for other naval purposes, which
were recommended by the Department and
which the Committee on Appropriations struck
out. If the House choose to vote for it, now
that they understand it, the responsibility is
theirs and not mine.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I wish to
say that these sums are only for the ordinary
and customary expenditures of the Depart-
ment, which have never before been rejected
to my knowledge during the eight years that
I have been here.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to amend by
striking out the last word. It seems to me
that if there is any merit in this amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts we should have the items that we are
asked to appropriate set forth, and also the
objects for which they are to be appropriated.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The gentle-
man will find them all in the estimates made
by the Department.
