1600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Mr. SCOFIELD. Very likely, if we had
time to hunt up those estimates ; but I think
that these items and objects ought to be set
forth in the bill. As it is, we are to vote in
the dark; we do not know how many millions
we may be voting away, nor do we know how
those millions are to be applied. If the gen-
tleman wants us to vote intelligently upon this
proposition let him present the items. If he
does that we can vote intelligently ; otherwise,
I hope that this proposition be voted down.
Mr. CHANLER. I offer a substitute, which
I wish to have read.
The Clerk read as follows:
That any superintendent or other person employed
in the navy-yards of the United States be, and are
hereby, forbidden to take any part, dircctly or indi-
rectly, in the political questions of the day while in
the employment of the United States Government;
but such employes and superintendents are not
hereby to be deprived of their full rights as citizens
to vote at all elections established by law.
Mr. MAYNARD. Without distinction of
race or color? [Laughter.]
Mr. HILL. I rise to a point of order ; that
the amendment is not germane to the subject
under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. CHANLER. I offer this as an amend-
ment.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I desire to
say to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Scofield, J that I have before me the items
about which he desires information and which
are covered by the amendment that I have
offered.
Mr. ALLEY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word, for the
purpose of saying that I hope my colleague
will be allowed to state what those items are.
For one, 1 am entirely unwilling to vote for his
amendment in the dark. If the items which
his amendment will embrace are of such a
character that we can properly and consist-
ently vote for it, I will give his amendment
my support. But without some further infor-
mation upon the subject I cannot reconcile it
with my duty to vote for his amendment.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. It is very
well known that the various Departments of
the Government, before the assembling of each
session of Congress, make up and send to the
Secretary of the Treasury estimates of the
amounts of money required for their respective
Departments. That was done this year by the
different bureaus of the Navy Department;
they made their returns of estimates to the
Secretary of the Navy, who transmitted them
to the Secretary of the Treasury; and the
items called for by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scofield] will be found in the
Estimates of Appropriations for the coming
year; and if it is desired, I will send to the
Clerk's desk and have read so much of the
Estimates of Appropriations as is covered by
my amendment. It will be found on pages 112,
113, and 114 of the volume which I hold in my
hand. It is nothing more nor less than giving
in detail the ordinary wants of these bureaus
of the Navy Department As I said before,
the estimates of the Department amount to over
seven million seven hundred thousand dollars.
Now, the Committee of Ways and Means,
without assigning any reason so far ns I have
heard, have struck out the sum of $7,000,000
of these estimates. As I have been informed,
the committee have not called upon the Navy
•Department tor one particle of information as
to whether those items of appropriation are
really needed or not. They say that only
$700,000 is needed to carry on the naval estab-
lishments of this country, when the Depart-
ment themselves say they need over seven mil-
lion dollars.
Mr. ALLEY. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Rice, of Massachusetts; and being
taken, it was not agreed to.
Mr. CHANLER. I now offer the following
amendment as an additional section :
Sec. —. A ml he i< J ur'.hrr enacted. That nil superin-
tendents or other (tenons employed in the navy-yards
of the United States are hereby forbidden to take any
part, directly or indirectly, in tho political questions
ol the parties of the day while in the employment of
the United States Government; but such employes
and superintendents are not hereby to be deprived
of their lull risht as citizens to vote at all elections
established by law.
Mr. KASSON. I rise to a point of order :
that this is new legislation and not in order in
an appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not
understand that the proposed amendment if
adopted will change any existing law. The
Chair therefore overrules the point of order.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to another point of
order: that this amendment is an abridgment
of the freedom of speech, and therefore pro-
hibited by the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. CHANLER. Of course it is ; but I
expect it is a very different kind of speech from
any made by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I make another point of
order: that under the resolution of the House
of the last session this is one of those things
which should be referred to the joint Commit-
tee on Reconstruction without debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules that
point of order.
Mr. CHANLER. That was very well put by
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. May-
nard,] who seems to have reconstruction on
the brain.
Now, the object of my amendment is not to
interfere in the least with my highly honored
friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.] It
j does not in any way tend to impair the condi-
tion of the happy family which now controls
the political organization in the navy-yards of
the country. My object is to prevent 
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a point of order;
and I ask that the proposition presented by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Chanleh] be
again read, to enable me to state my point of
order correctly.
The Clerk again read the amendment of Mr.
Chanler.
The CHAIRMAN. Upon hearing the
amendment of the gentleman from New York
again read the Chair perceives that he was in
error in his former ruling. He now rules that
the amendment is not in order, upon the ground
stated by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kas-
son,] that it is new legislation in an appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. CHANLER. It applies to that portion
of the bill embraced under the heading of
"Bureau of Construction and Repairs."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has ruled
the amendment out of order.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to
amend the bill by adding to it the following:
ti That so much of section four of tho act entitled
An act making appropriations for tho naval service
for the year ending June 30, 1867," approved April
17,1866, as repeals any part of section two of the act
entitled "An act to regulate the pay of the Navy of
tho UnitedStates," approved March 3,18o5. is hereby
repealed, and section two of the act last aforesaid is
hereby revived and restored.
Mr. KASSON. I am obliged to make the
point of order that this amendment proposes
new legislation, changing existing laws, and is
therefore not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I now offer
an amendment substantially similar to that
which I offered a while ago; but I have so
modified it as to obviate, I think, the objection
which was then made. I have added a pro-
viso that the sum expended shall not exceed
the estimates for the next fiscal year. I move
to amend by adding the following as a new
section:
That the Secretary oftheNavybe,andhehereby is,
authorized to use for tho purposes of repairs and for
the necessary expenditures at the navy-yards, any
sums heretofore appropriated for naval purposes,
and which have not lapsed into the Treasury, pro-
vided this sum does not exceed the estimates for the
next fiscal year.
On the amendment there were—ayes 21,
noes 34; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Messrs. Banks and Sco-
field.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes thirty, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, according to order, had
had under consideration the Union generally,
and particularly the bill of the House No. 1107,
making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending June 30,18G8, and had directed
him to report the same back to the House with
sundry amendments.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed House bill No. 588, for the relief of
Richard Chenery, with an amendment, in which
he wa3 directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a joint resolution and bills of
the following titles; in which the concurrence
of the House was requested:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 179) to provide
for the exchange of certain public documents;
An act (S. No. Gil) to extend to and for the
benefit of Eliza Wells, letters-patent heretofore
issued to Henry A. Wells, deceased;
An act (S. No. 403) for the relief of Rer.
Samuel M. Beatty, of Ohio;
An act (S. No. G28) relative to courts-mar-
tial in the Army;
An act (S. No. 013) to provide for the pay-
ment to D. B. Allen & Co., for services in
carrying the United States mails; and
An act (S. No. 606) to amend an act entitled
"An act for the removal of causes in certain
cases from State courts," approved July 27,
1866.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment House
joint resolution No. 92, authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Interior to pay certain claims out
of the balance of an appropriation for the pay-
ment of necessary expenditures in the service
of the United States for Indian affairs in the
Territory of Utah.
Also, that the Senate had postponed indefi-
nitely House bill No. 956, to enforce the thir-
teenth amendment of the Constitution of the
United States.
enrolled bills and joint resolutions.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
and joint resolutions of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (H. R. No. 457) for the relief of
Hiram Paulding, rear admiral United States
Navy;
An act (H. R. No. 1068) for the relief of
Mary A. Cross;
An act (H. It. No. 1092) for the relief of
Milton Yelzy;
An act (H. R. No. 1096) for the relief of J.
and O. P. Cobb & Co;
An act (H. R. No. 1153) for the relief of
Mrs. Rachel McClelland;
An act (H. R. No. 1189) granting arrears of
pension to Sally Allen ;
An act (H. R. No. 1190) granting a pension
to Mary Fitzpatrick;
An act (H. R. No. 1191) increasing the pen-
sion of Isabella Fogg;
An act (H. R. No. 1192) granting arrears of
pension to Lewis A. norton ;
An act (H. R. No. 1193) for the relief of
Levisa Daniel;
An act (H. R. No. 1194) granting back pen-
sion to Mary J. Dexter;
An act | H. R. No. 1195) for the relief of
Mary B. Fowler;
