924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
much. I do not think salt ought to fee taxed
at all. Wherever it can be had. it ought to be
obtained at the very cheapest possible rate.
Mr. FBSSBNDifiN. I hope this duty will
not be changed. The Senate has already
passed upon the question once, and the House
too. I hope the Seaate will adhere to it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 20; as follows.
TEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis,Doolittle, Poster,
Grimes, Henderson,. Hendricks, Kirkwood, Lane,
Patterson, Sprague.Trumb all, Wilson, and Y ates—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Conness, Cragin,
Edmunds, Fcssenden, Fogg, Frelinghuysen, Harris,
Howard, Johnson, Morgan, Morrill, Poland, Sher-
man, Stewart, Van Winkle, W ade, Willey, and Wil-
liams—-20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cowan, Cres-
well, Dixon, i'owler, Guthrie, Howe, McDougall,
Nesmith, Norton, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Riddle,
Ross, Saulsbury, and Sumner—18.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON.. I desire to offer an-
other amendment on page 65. I had some
others reducing taxes, butl am satisfied nothing
reducing taxes will be carried. I now propose
to increase taxes. I wish now to propose an
amendment on page 65, section nine, line six
hundred and ntne. The clause as reported by
the committee reads:
On linseed or flaxseed, sixteen cents per bushel of
fifty-two pounds weight.
That was changed to twenty cents, I believe.
I now propose to strike out'' twenty," and to
insert " thirtyso that it will read:
On linseed or flaxseed, thirty cents per bushel of
fifty-two pounds weight.
Now, Mr. President, I will remark that the
quotations of this article show that its average
gold price in the foreign market is $1 30 per
bushel, and if the duty be put at thirty cents
it will only be twenty-three per cent, ad valorem.
This is an article of western growth. It is an
article that my constituents have been petition-
ing me upon, and I believe the o.nly article. I
have offered several petitions since the pend-
ency of this bill on this subject, and I have put
the figure exactly as they put it in their peti-
tions. It is only twenty-three per cent, ad
valorem. I know of nothing that is grown or
produced upon the Atlantic sea-board or any-
where east of the Alleghany mountains that is
put so low as this article. I propose a duty of
thirty cents. I think that a fair average rate
of duty with the other articles in the bill would
justify me in placing it at fifty cents per bushel;
but I propose simply thirty cents per bushel,
and I hope the Senate will adopt it.
Mr. I?ESSENDEN. We had this matter all
thoroughly discussed, and it was settled finally
by a sort of compromise in the Senate at twenty
cents, and I hope the Senate will adhere to it.
The amendment to tlie amendment was
■rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. On page 82, section
twelve, line seven, I propose to strike out the
word "ten" and insert "twenty;" so as to
read :
On hides, raw or uncurcd, whether dry, salted, or
pickled, twenty por cent, ad valorem.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. I see now that the
Senate will neither diminish nor increase.
Tliere are a great many articles of western
growth, produce, and manufacture, in regard
to wlxieh I might offer amendments, but I am
perfectly satisfied that no article now will be
increased in the rate of taxation. Every propo-
sition that is made is laughed to scorn. I now
propose to strike out the twenty-second section
of this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is that section?
Let it be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sue. 22. And be it further enacted, Thaton and after
the 1st day of April, 1867, there shall be allowed and
paid a drawback equal m amount to the importduty
paid on ail lumber, hemp, Manila, copper, and upon
all iron not advanced in manufacture beyond rods,
bars, and bolts, which shall be wrought up into the
construction of rigging or equipment of sailing ves-
sels of the United States, or used in repairing vessels
of foreign build, documented in conformity with the
provisions of the act of 23d December, 1862, less five
per cent, on the amount of such drawback, which
shall be retained for the use of the United States
under such regulations as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may prescribe.
Mr. HENDERSON. It will be observed
that this section as it stands is an absolute dis-
crimination in favor of a certain section of the
country, and I desire to know whether the
Senate in passing a tariff bill is disposed to
discriminate in favor of vessels built in any
particular section of this country. I wish to
call the attention of the Senate and the atten-
tion of the country to the fact, and if gentle-
men then wish to put their names on the record
on the subject, they can do so.
Now, what is this proposition? I know that
in Maine and in Connecticut it will be said
that the commercial .interests are flagging and
that they are not now building the vessels that
they built from, 1856 up to 1860. I am aware
of that, and I am perfectly willing to do any-
thing in my power, that is not a piece of abso-
lute and down-right injustice to any other sec-
tion of the country, to advance that interest;
and my opinion is that if my policy were
adopted in reference to tariff measures, the
tonnage of those States would increase as it did
from 1856 to 1860. But a contrary policy is
to be adopted. The commercial interests of
the country are, in my judgment, to be pros-
trated. The entire amount of revenue that is
to be collected to meet this vast public debt
that is now hanging heavily upon the shoulders
of the people of the United States is to be paid
by a certain class or a certain interest in this
country. Now, when it begins to pinch upon
a particular section that section flinches.
When it is ascertained that a ship cannot be
built in New York, in Maine, in Connecticut,
or in Rhode Island, under this bill, gentlemen
in order to escape the inevitable effect of the
bill say they will return to the ship-builder the
amount of money that shall have been paid
upon the articles entering into the construction
of his vessels in the shape of a tariff duty.
If a vessel is built, at the city of St. Louis or
at the city of Pittsburg or at the city of Wheel-
ing or at the city of Cincinnati, I ask if there
is any drawbackto be paid to the owner of the
vessel. Here is a proposition, not to encour-
age eastern manufacture, not to encourage
western manufacturers, but an absolute induce-
ment held out to the ship-owner and ship-builder
to put the foreign manufacture into the vessel
in order that he may obtain the drawback.
This is a contradiction of the entire principle
of this measure. As I understand it, it has
been, from the beginning up to the last amend-
ment that has been offered and voted down,
to protect the manufacturing interests of the
country. Sir, if the iron manufacturer, the
hemp manufacturer, the rope-maker, the cop-
per manufacturer are to be protected, let that
protection stand in one case as well as in an-
other. Are vessels to be built of foreign cop-
per, of foreign hemp? Is foreign canvas to
be used in their construction ? Are the nails
that enter into their construction to be of for-
eign manufacture, contrary to every principle
that has entered into the framing of this meas-
ure? Why, sir, it returns to every man build-
ing a vessel of any size from ten to twenty
thousand dollars as a bonus for using articles
of foreign production in the construction.
Now, I desire to ask whether a vessel built
in the West is to be excluded from the opera-
tion of this measure? Is the man who builds
at Louisville or at St. Louis to have a draw-
back returned to him ? No, sir; but the build-
er of every sailing vessel is to have it returned.
Now, I ask what is the difference between sail-
ing vessels and steamers. There are two great
rivers on which are borne the productions of
the West. One is the St. Lawrence, a contin-
uation of the lakes, Lake Superior, Lake Mich-
igan, Lake Ontario, and Lake Erie, and sailing
vessels are built upon them. Are those sail-
ing vessels to be exempted from the operations
of this measure? 1 mean that portion of it
which imposes duties. Are the duties to be
returned to the manufacturer of a vessel that
sails upon the St. Lawrence and not given back
to those who build vessels on the Mississippi
and Missouri rivers ? Where is the justice of
a measure of that character ? •
Mr. President, there are many things in this
bill that might be considered; but the hour has
long since passed when they can be considered.
The mere fiat of one or two consigns every
proposition to the grave. I care not how just,
how equitable, or how righteous a proposition
may be, it is disposed of by a mere word of
contempt, a mere expression of the fact that it
is already settled and compromised and fixed
among gentlemen who compromise the great
interests of the West, and have compromised
them, in my judgment.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] this afternoon offered an amendment on
the subject of woolens, increasing the rates of
duty largely. Yesterday he and his colleague
voted consistently to bury this bill as it ought
to be buried. I want to know, since that has
been adopted with the consent of the chairman
of this important committee, whether he will
vote against it now? Yesterday the able and
distinguished Senator from Maine lectured the
Senator on my left [Mr. Sherman] for-chang-
ing the bill as it came from the committee, and
much was I surprised when the Senator from
Massachusetts who had voted against this bill
again and again rise in his place and offered
an amendment on the subject of woolens and
thereby doing away with all his opposition, and
that of his colleague, to the measure, to see
the Senator from Maine, after having lectured
his colleague on the committee, fall in and
vote willingly for the proposition, and say that
it was a good measure. Why, sir, anything is
voted upon this bill when the committee say
that it is right; anything is voted down when
the committee say that it is wrong.
But, sir, I have said enough. I am sorry
that some propositions I have offered aTe not
to be accepted and will not be accepted; but
if gentlemen desire to do so, they can go on
and pass the measure as it stands and take the
consequences before the country. I of course
shall do all that I possibly can to reconcile the
feelings of the people of my section to it, and
shall endeavor to adapt the interests of the
country as far as I possibly can to the measure.
But to make me believe, as a representative
of that section iu which I live, that this meas-
ure is right, or that it will operate for the best
interests of any section, is impossible. I be-
lieve that it is a combination simply of inter-
ests, and that the committee themselves, in
many cases, have been imposed upon. I accord
to them diligence; I accord to them patriot-
ism ; I accord to them all that I claim for
myself; I accord to them nothing more. If
the report of a committee is to bo acceptcd,
except where the committee itself deviates
from it, you may abolish the Senate and dis-
pense with all the rest of us. But, sir, if our
views are worthy of consideration they ought
to be treated at least with some respect.
What I have said I may possibly have said
with some little excitement, but I trust it will
be excused when I say that, in my judgment,
every possible interest of my peculiar section
is disregarded. No proposition that I have
been able to make, either increasing rates in
the West or decreasing them, has been adopted.
On the article of raw hides, in which we are
interested largely, I proposed an increase from
five per cent, ad valorem, to fifteen per cent.,
but I could not get it, although all the inter-
ests of the section near us here have been
raised from eighty to one hundred per cent.
Mr. President, I shall content myself with
the opposition I have made to this bill. I have
various other amendments but I shall not offer
more than one or two ; perhaps not even that
many, for I see that it is an utter impossibility to
influence this body. They sit and calmly vote
against any amendment that is laughed at, or
that it is intimated by a member of the com-
mittee ought not to be adopted. Wo arc told
" the thing has all been examined, it has all
