1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1601
An act (H. R. No. 1196) granting a pension
to Peter Fisher;
An act (H. II. No. 1197) for the relief of
Charles Valence ;
An act (II. K. No. 1198) for the relief of
the orphan children of .lohn Farris;
An act (H. R. No. 1199) for the relief of
William H. Hafer;
An act (H. R. No. 1200) for the relief of
Ann J. Duchman;
An act (H. R. No. 1201) for the relief of
George VV. Knabb;
An act (H. R. No. 1202) for the relief of
Francis Barron ;
An act (H. R. No. 1203) for the relief of
Rufus L. Harvey;
_ An act (H. R. No. 1204) granting a pen-
sion to John Rogers ;
An act (H. R. No. 1205) granting a pen-
sion to William Gleason;
An act (H. R. No. 12CH5) granting a pen-
sion to Joseph Wrenn;
An act (H. R. No. 1208) increasing the
pension of John Russell;
An act (H. R. No. 1209) granting back
pension to Margaret Boucher;
An act (H. R. No. 1210) increasing the pen-
sion of Levi M. Roberts;
An act (H. R. No. 1211) granting a pension
to Effie J. Harvey;
An act (H. R. No. 1212) for the relief of
Nancy Hinton;
An act (H. R. No. 1213) for the relief of
Elizabeth Staley;
An act (H. R. No. 1214) for the relief of
Daniel McMahon;
An act (H. R. No. 1216) for the relief of
Thomas Glasgow;
An act (H. R. No. 1216) granting a pension
to Mary Hosea;
An act (H. R. No. 1217) granting a pension
to David B. Champion;
An act (H. R. No. 1218) for the relief of
James Riddle;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 165) for the re-
lief of Virginia S. Wilson, widow of the late
Captain George W. Wilson;
Joint resolution (H. R. No, 273) for the re-
lief of Walter C. Whitaker; i
Joint resolution (H. R. Nq. 280) for the re-
lief of the mother of Charles O. Rowohl;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 294) for the re-
lief of Obadiah Aderton;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 295) for the re-
lief of Daniel Cole; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 296) for the re-
lief of the orphan children of William Whelan.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. KASSON demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CHANLER. I want to move to amend
the title so it shall read, "A bill making ap-
propriations for the naval service and for reg-
ulating the employes in the navy-yards in the
United States."
Mr. KASSON. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose.
The SPEAKER. The title does not come
np for amendment until the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendments of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union were con-
curred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF DIPLOMATIC CORRESPONDENCE.
Mr. LAFLIN, by unanimous consent, moved
to take from the Speaker's table Senate joint
resolution No. 182, for printing additional
copies of the Appendix to the Diplomatic Cor-
respondence of 1865.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 101.
resolution was taken up and read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution was ordered to be read
a third time; and it, was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
jl Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
, laid on the table.
| The latter motion was agreed to.
SMITHSONIAN REPORT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
Fresented the annual report of the Smithsonian
nstitution for 1866; which was laid on the
I table and ordered to be printed.
,| Mr. GARFIELD moved that five thousand
]j extra copies be printed, two thousand for the
jl use of the institution, and three thousand for
;! the use of the members of this House; and that
' said report be stereotyped.
The motion, under the law, was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
CALIFORNIA LAND BILL.
Mr. McRUER submitted the following priv-
ileged report:
!1 The committee of conference to which was referred
{ the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on House
bill Ho. 878, after full and free conference, do agree
to recommend to their respective Houses:
That the Senate recede (rom so much of their
amendment as inserts in the bill and also in the title
I the word " Placerville," and agree to the same as
- modified.
i That the House recede from their disagreement to
the other amendments of the Senate to the bill, and
agree to the same.
D. C. McRUER,
S. T. HOLMES,
A. J. GLOSSBliENNER,
Managers on the part of the Bouse.
JOIIJT C0NNESS,
HENRY WILSON,
J. S. FOWLER.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report was adopted.
Mr. McRUER. moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was adopted; and also
moved that {he motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to:
IMPROVEMENT OP RAPIDS OP THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. LAFLIN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Printing, reported the fol-
lowing resolution ; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That two thousand copies of the report
of General Wilson in reference to the survey and im-
provement of the rapids ot' the Mississippi river be
printed for the use of the House.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. MORRILL moved to suspend the rules
so as to set aside the morning hour and go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the tariff bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union to take up the special order, being the
amendment of the Senate to the tariff bill.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
72, noes 33.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Pomeboy in the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of the amend-
ment of the Senate in the nature of a substi-
tute to House bill No. 718, to provide increased
i revenue from imports, and for other purposes.
i Mr. WENTWORTH moved that members
who may desire to print speeches on this sub-
i ject as part of the debates should be allowed
to do so on handing them to the reporters.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The Clerk read as follows:
Twentieth amendment:
Strike out " such port" and insert " and suoh com-
missions."
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out the
same words, and also the words "excluding
charges in.''
J. do this in order to perfect the harmony of
this bill. It will be recollected at the last ses-
sion we passed a law in reference to dutiable
values, whereby we included cost of tranship-
ment, also commission in no case less than
two and a half per cent., and also the cost of
packages in which these articles are trans-
ported.
; Now, if this provision remains in the bill it
j will have the effect to exclude wool from the
provision of the ninth section of the act of July,
1866, just alluded to, I know of no reason why
wool should be made an exception. If the
dutiable value is to be fixed by including the
cost of transportation, cost of package, and
I commission, in no case less than two and a
half per cent., I think it should also apply to
;: the article of wool.
i Mr. SLOAN. Do I understand this is re-
tained on all other articles and excluded on
wool alone?
Mr. ALLISON. It is an exception made
against wool-growers alone, therefore I hope
| the words will be stricken out.
I Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, the gen-
j tleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] is perfectly
aware of any tender spot in this bill, and being
opposed to it he adroitly strikes at the vital
j, point. Now, I desire to call the attention of
the friends of the bill to the importance ofallow-
J ing a portion of what he proposes to strike out
to remain in the bill. This bill was fully con-
sidered by the House at the last session, and if
this tariff bill goes into operation it is intended
to supersede entirely the laws passed at the last
session and all prior laws; and if when the agree-
ment was made between the manufacturers and
wool-growers in relation to this item it had not
been intended to exclude the charges, then the
price per pound would have been fixed at a dif-
ferent rate. But fix the price at a certain rate
per pound excluding charges, and of course the
price would have been fixed at a higher rate. I
move, therefore, to amend the amendment of
the gentleman from Iowa so as to leave in the
words "excluding charges."
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not
strictly in order, as it embraces more than the
Committee of Ways and Meanspropose to strike
out.
Mr. MORRILL. If the amendment shall be
voted down, as I trust it will be—for this is one
of the best points in the bill, and if we cannot -
maintain this we are all afloat—I will then move
to strike out the words "in such port and such
commissions."
Mr. ALLISON. I will withdraw my amend-
ment for the time being to allow the gentleman
to offer his.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I move to strike out
the words just indicated ; so that the clause will
read:
Upon wools of the first class, the value whereof in
the principle markets of the country whence exported
to the United States, excluding charges, shall ba
thirty-two cents or less per pound, &e.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Vermont. I do
not see why the gentleman should assume that
I propose to offer an amendment the effect of
which will be to destroy this bill. The effect
of it is to place it in harmony with other por-
tions of the bill. When the gentleman tells
us this is in accordance with an agreement, I
suppose he alludes to an agreement made
between the wool-growers and wool-manufac-
turers, of which I have heard a great deal upon
this floor.
I know that the rates were fixed by wool-
growers and manufacturers early last year,
before the tariff bill, to which I have alluded,
was passed, which was in July, 1866. Now,
it is proposed to hold the wool-grower to the
letter of that agreement and to allow the manu-
facturer to include his charges, commissions,
packages, and not allow the same privilege to
the wool-grower, which in my judgment is a
clear departure from the agreement and a fraud
upon the wool-grower if it is to continue in this
bill as proposed by the Committee of Ways and
Means.
