1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
of complaint embodied in itrI have only to say
that in my judgment it amounts simply to this:
there are in the States to which he refers an
insignificant number of Radicals-*-! do not
speak of their respectability, but of their num-
bers. They are too insignificant to grasp the
governments of those States, arid they just peti-
tion Congress to put those States into commis-
sion, establish a governmeftt to be managed by
commissioners, and in effect pray to be made
those commissioners themselves. That is about
the sum and substance of the whole thing.
In the remarks which I have made I intend
110 discourtesy to the honorable Senator from
Illinois. I feel great personal respect for him.
I appreciate his ability as a Senator, as a law-
yer ; I believe he is a much better man than
most of the men with whom he is associated,
and who act in connection with him in the
country; and therefore I greatly desire, when
his successor is to be elected, that he shall be
his own successor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I regret
that the Senator from Kentucky cannot rise
above personal considerations in the discussion
of questions in this b<My. I thank him for his
personal kindness to me, and hope to be on
terms of personal friendsMp with him while we
occupy seats here; but I have never been guilty
of indulging in a reflection upon the motives
of Senators in their discbarge of public duty
here, and I am sorry that the Senator from
Kentucky is cast in such a mold that he sup-
poses that when a brother Senator takes a
particular course here it is done in reference
to his personal standing. I think, sir, if I
know myself, that I have been governed in my
action in this body by a sense of j^iblic duty,
and that there is nothing in my course to war-
rant the Senator from Kentucky in casting
upon me any such imputation as that of making
a speech for the purpose of securing a reelec-
tion to the Senate. Sir. he may be cast in
such a mold that he would do it; I am not.
If my public course hero is not such as to meet
with the approbation of my constituents, I must
take the consequences. I have not shaped it
in reference to securing the personal appro-
bation of my constituents farther than a faith-
ful discharge of public duty may be regarded
as having that tendency; and the imputation
of the Senator from Kentucky is wholly un-
warranted.
Mr. DAVIS. One solitary word 
The PRESIDENT pro tern/pore. The morn-
ing hour has expired.
Mr. DAVIS. I will just say a word in
explanation to the honorable Senator from
Illinois by the indulgence of the Senate, not
detaining them a minute. The honorable
Senator best knows and he is the best judge
whether, if he be animated by a desire to secure
his reelection, he is animated by a dishonor-
able motive. I leave the decision of that ques-
tion with him. I have nothing more to say.
unfinished business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business of yesterday is House bill
No. £28.
Mr. SHERMAN. A number of Senators
have reports, &c., regular morning business,
to make, and as the morning hour was con-
sumed in debate I trust that a few minutes
will be allowed for the disposition of that busi-
ness. I therefore move, with the consent of
the Senate, that ten or fifteen minutes be
allowed for the disposition of regular morning
business in its order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will be governed by the intimation of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, unless objection be made, and
receive reports, bills, &c., as though the morn-
ing hour had not expired.
Mr. WADE. I shall feel bound to object
if there is anything that leads to argument.
Mr. SHERMAN. I mean simply the reg-
ular morning business.
Mr. WADE. Very well.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In relation to the motion
to refer the petition presented by the Senator
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 11.
from Illinois, I did not understand that it was
disposed of, but the discussion on that was
interrupted by the calling up of the unfinished
business of yesterday.
The PRESIDENT jwo tempore. It was so.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. LANE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of John 3. Anderson
and John W. White, praying for compensation for
cotton used for fortification purposes in the city of
Nashville in 1862, be withdrawn from the files of the
faenate and referred to the Committee on Claims.
reports from committees.
_ Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 475) to prevent and punish false and
fraudulent representations to induce emigra-
tion to a foreign country, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. SUMMER. I am also directed by the
Committee on PoreigrrRelations, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 148)
f resenting the thanks of Congress to Cyrus W.
ield, to report it back without amendment,
and with a recommendation that it pass. I
desire to state that, with the indulgence of the
Senate, I should like to call up this resolution
to-morrow morning in the morning hour, and
put it on its passage.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the petition of
the Board of Trade of Detroit, Michigan, pray-
ing for an appropriation to defray expenses of
transportation of articles from this country in-
tended for exhibition at the Paris Exposition,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration, the subject-matter having been already
disposed of; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William Schmoele,
praying for the suspension or repeal of the
homestead, act and the passage of a law by
which the price of our public lands may be
graduated, and the minimum price fixed at five
or six dollars per acre, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands;
which was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Finance, to whom was referred a petition of
citizens of Lynchburg, Virginia, praying that
the Southern Institution for the Amelioration
of the condition of the Deaf, Dumb, and Blind
Negroes be exempted from taxation, as well
as all articles manufactured therein, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration,
the matter having been provided for in the
internal revenue bill of last session; which was
agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred a petition of
female employes of the Treasury Department,
praying for an increase of compensation, asked
to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the subject, the subject having been
disposed of at the last session; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mrs. Mary O'Con-
nor, praying for the restitution of property in
the town of Beaufort sold by the tax commis-
sioners, or indemnity for the same, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. CATTELL, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the petition of
the Numismatic and Antiquarian Society of
Philadelphia, praying for the promotion of
numismatic science and antiquarian research,
asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the subject; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, praying for an appropriation to build
two new piers and repair the old wharves at
Marcus Hook, on the Delaware river, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Commerce; which was agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 479) to punish illegal voting in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its title ana referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 480) to equalize the distribution of the
currency of the national banks in the several
States and Territories; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill proposes to
equalize the distribution of the currency of the
national banks among the several States and
Territories. When the first bill on this subject
was originally passed, it provided that the cur-
■ rency should be distributed among the several
States upon a certain proportion, but a subse-
quent bill gave precedence to State banks, and
in the State which I have the honor in part to
represent we got almost none of the currency,
because it was taken up by the State banks in
the old States. This is a bill to equalize the
distribution of the "currency, and also to make
an addition to the currency. I move that it be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhekson, its Clerk, announced
that the House concurred in the amendment
of the Senate to the concurrent resolution of
the House providing for an adjournment from
the 20th of December to the 3d of January.
The message further* announced that the
House had passed the following bill and joint
resolution, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 902) to declare the sense
of an act entitled "An act to restrict the juris-
diction of the Court of Claims and to provide
for the payment of certain demands for quar-
termasters' stores and subsistence supplies
furnished to the Army of the United States;"
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 218) relative
to the issue of agricultural college scrip to the
States lately in rebellion.
personal explanation.
Mr. CRAGIN. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. _ I was necessarily absent last week when
the District suffrage bill was passed. Had I
been present I should have voted for the pas-
sage of the bill. I wish to ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate that my vote may be so
recorded, if it is not inconsistent with the prac-
tice and rules of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That ques-
tion has often been made in the Senate, and
under the rule of the Senate the Chair believes
it has been uniformly decided that leave cannot
be given. The Chair, however, will be corrected
by the Senate if such is not the uniform rule.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 902) to declare the sense
of an act entitled " An act to restrict the juris-
diction of the Court of Claims and to provide
for the payment of certain demands for quar-
termasters' stores and subsistence supplies fur-
nished to tlie Army of the United States," was
read twice by its title and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 218) relative
to the issue of Agricultural College scrip to the
States lately in rebellion, was read twice by its
title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This joint
resolution will be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, if there be no objection.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have the
resolution laid on the table and not referred to
a committee at this moment. I think we can
pass it without a reference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution will lie on the table for the present.
