162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
ADMISSION OF NEBRASKA.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate now
Eroeeed to the consideration of the unfinished
usin'ess of yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No motion
is necessary. It was only laid aside by unani-
mous consent. The unfinished business of yes-
terday is now before the Senate, being the bill
(H. II. No. 828) to repeal section thirteen of
"An act to suppress insurrection, to punish
treason and rebellion, to seize and confiscate
the property of rebels, andfor other purposes,"
approved July 17, 1862.
Mr-. WADE. That is not the bill that we
supposed was in order as the unfinished busi-
ness. I move, therefore, to postpone that bill
and all other orders, and proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill for the admission of the
State of Nebraska.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This bill
is before the Senate, and the Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Johxsok] is entitled to the
floor upon it.
Mr. MORRILL. The Senator from Mary-
land was a moment since called into the Su-
preme Court room, and he desired me to say,
if this bill came up, that he wished to partici-
pate in the debate upon it, but did not expect
the Senate to interrupt the order of business
on his account, and he would participate in it
perhaps at some other time.
Mr. WADE. We supposed the bill for the
admission of Nebraska was the unfinished
business. If it is not, I move that all other
business be laid aside and that we proceed to
the consideration of that bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 456) for the
admission of the State of Nebraska into the
Union; the pending question being on the
amendment proposed by Mr. Brown, to insert
at the end of the second section the following
proviso:
Provided, That this act shallnottakc effect except
upon the fundamental condition that, within theState
ot Nebraska 'there shall be no denial of the eleetive
franchise, or of any other rights, to any person by
reason of race or color, and upon the further condi-
tion that this fundamental condition shall be submit-
ted to the voters of the Territory of Nebraska at an
election tobeheld on the first Tuesday of next.
And at such election said voters shall declare their
assent to or dissent from the condition aforesaid in
such form as shall be prescribed by the Governor of
said Territory. And all votes given at such election
shall be returned to such Governorwithin days
from the day of the election, who shall forthwith
canvass the same. And if a majority of such votes
shall be for this condition the Governor shall certify
that fact to the President of the United States, who
shall by proclamation announce the fact; whereupon,
without further proceedings on the part of Congress,
this act shall take effect.
Mr. WADE. This amendment contains a
principle which I have been as earnest in ad-
vocating as any other member on this floor. I
wish that principle prevailed over every State in
this Union, and where it does not now prevail
I trust it very shortly will. But still I have
objections to it in this connection and as an
amendment to this bill, for reasons that I do
not now intend to consider at very great length,
because most of what I wish to say on this
subject I said on a former occasion when it was
before the Senate.
It was argued by the Senator frcim Missouri
and perhaps one or two other Senators, that
there was a precedent for annexing such an
amendment to a bill for the admission of a
State, or an amendment limiting the power of
the State when it should come into the Union;
that there was such a precedent by what was
called the Missouri compromise. Mr. Clay, I
believe, on that occasion offered the provision
which is cited as a precedent. That is my rec-
ollection of it, though I have not looked at
it very lately. It was adopted; but I know
that almost every eminent lawyer, jurist, and
legislator, from that period to this, has sup-
posed that that limitation was totally void, and
void upon this reason, that all the States that
have not committed treason most stand upon
the same footing with regard to their relation
to the General Government and their powers
as States.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to ask the
Senator how a State can commit treason.
Mr. WADE. That question has been sprung
many a time and has no significance. A State
in one sense is a certain territory, but really
the people are the State; all the rest is bare
territory, land and water. The people within
the limits of what we call the territory are the
State. But I do not turn aside for any such
quibble as that. The people representing each
State or constituting each State must, as has
always been supposed, stand upon the same
platform of equality with regard to all their
powers and all their relations to the General
Government. This doctrine has been asserted
on this floor during the period of "the Govern-
ment, and I do not know that anybody has
ever controverted it.
Another kindred doctrine has been as uni-
versal and as unquestioned ; and that is that
the General Government has no power to fix
the qualifications of voters in the several States.
I mean all the time, those States that have been
loyal and have never forfeited their rights.
This amendment is not offered to alter the con-
dition, as it is said, of a State in this Union,
because Nebraska is a Territory seeking to be
admitted into the Union as a State. That is
very true; but, sir, does not the same doc-
trine apply to it that would if it were already
a State? Will you do a vain and idle thing?
For the moment you have attached that amend-
ment and permitted the State to come in on
that condition, if I am right in my reasoning,
the next day she may alter her constitution
and throw your amendment to the winds and fix
the status of her own voters in her own way.
Mr. BROWN. Will the Senator from Ohio
permit me to ask him whether, if that doctrine
be true, he were to impose a restriction of this
sort upon the States readmitted, that have
heretofore been in rebellion, they could not do
the same thing also; and how he distinguishes
the power of the State thereafter in one case,
and the power of the State thereafter in the
other case?
Mr. WADE. That is a very pertinent ques-
tion ; and I propose to come to that without
having my attention particularly drawn to it.
I have been speaking of States that have never
forfeited any of their rights; loyal States. The
doctrine that I have asserted applies to them.
I do not know that the Senator from Missouri
will question these principles as applied to the
States that have never been in rebellion or in
any way forfeited their rights. I do not sup-
pose at this time of day we can do it. I know
of no leader of political parties, I know of no
jurist from the Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court down to the judges of the county courts
in the several States, that has ever asserted any
other doctrine than that to which I have
alluded.
The Senator from Missouri on a former
occasion undertook, as did the Senator fr6m
Massachusetts [Mr. Stimxer] also, to show
that I was inconsistent with myself; that I was
asking the Senate to do an act inconsistent
with what they had done on a former occasion,
when we all voted to fix the eleetive franchise
in this District. Why, sir, there is no analogy
between the two cases at all. Our power of
legislation over the District of Columbia is
plenary and supreme. There is no doubt on
that question whatever. It is given us by the
Constitution of the United States. The dis-
tinction that I make between that and this
measure is barely this: that with regard to
Congress passing a law to fix the qualifications
of voters in a State that has not been in rebel-
lion, we have no power whatever to do it;
whereas our power to fix that status in this
District is full, plenary, and supreme; there is
nobody to question it. There is, therefore, no
anaiogv between the two cases whatever. *
Mr. SUMNER. Will my friend allow me
to call his attention to a point right there?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I will ask my friend *
whether or not, in his opinion, Congress may
not in its discretion refuse to admit a State
into the Union at a particular time? Is not
that discretion in Congress? If so, I would
ask, when would there be a better occasion1
for its exercise than at this moment with regard
to Nebraska, when it comes here with a con-
stitution in defiance of the principles of the
Declaration of Independence ?
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, the first part
of the Senator's question is a very simple one;
and I hardly supposed that he would put it.
The very feet that we stand here, deliberating
upon the question whether we shall admit a
State or not, presupposes that we have the
power either to admit or reject her, as shall
appear best to the majority on this floor. There
is no question about that. Our power to reject
a State making application here is as full and
perfect as our power to admit her if we think she
ought to be admitted. As to the expediency
of it, I endeavored on a former occasion to
give the Senate at some length the reasons
that induced me to believe that it was highly,
proper, expedient, and'" necessary that these
Territories should be admitted now. I may
be compelled to allude to some of those
reasons again; but I am not in the habit of
repeating myself on this floor. When I have
stated the reasons once, I always think it is a
little impertinent to go over them again, and I
do not know that I could make the case appear
any stronger on a second running them over
than I did before. But I have no embarrass-
ment upon that subject, and I shall answer the
question before I get through.
When v& admitted the State of Tennessee at
the last session no such question was raised on
this floor that I remember. It was not then
suggested that we should refuse to admit her
until she agreed to let us fix the status of her
voters. Of conrse we looked to the effect upon
her in that respect of the constitutional amend-
ment when it should be adopted; and as it was,
as the constitutional amendment had not then
become a part and parcel of the Constitution
of the United States, we indeed admitted that
State without putting any condition at all upon
the qualification of electors. Now,-1 will ask
the Senator, is it not well for us to deal as leni-
ently with a most patriotic State who sends
Representatives here the best qualified that you
can find, gentlemen some of whom have parti-
cipated in the war, who have run all the hard-
ships and the hazard of that great controversy
for the maintenance of this Union—ought we
not to deal as leniently with such a Territory
knocking at our doors to come in as a State,
as though she had been in rebellion and two
thirds of her people had been endeavoring night
and day to overturn your Government and to
erect an accursed slave government upon its
ruins? I will not submit, if I can help it, to
any such discrimination as that.
Now, sir, I want to remind gentlemen how
some of us voted on that question, because
this amendment offered by the Senator from
Missouri is not one of first impressions, it i3
not a now principle upon this floor, it is under-
stood by us all.
Mr. BROWN. It was adopted in 1820.
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir. It was sought to
be applied again, not in exactly tho words in
which the Senator has embodied his amend-
ment, but the principle was precisely tlio
same, as an amendment to tho joint resolution
for the admission of the State of Tennessee.
I wish Senators to attend to the action that
was had then, because they will not- suppose
that I am the advocate here now of any now
doctrine. I wonder that when this question
was so emphatically settled as it was then it
should be made a question here now. When
that resolution admitting Tennessee—if yoti
please to call it admitting—or restoring her
relations with this Government, as the resolu-
tion asserted, was before the Senate, the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts sought to attach this
amendment to it:
"Provided, That this shall not take effect exec#t
