1602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the gentleman if he
is not perfectly aware that these words in the
bill are entirely satisfactory to all parties rep-
resenting the wool-growers ?
Mr. ALLISON. I do not know who rep-
resents the wool-growers upon this floor or
who has any better right to speak for them
than I have, representing as I do in part a
wool-growing constituency, and I say it is not
satisfactory to me as it stands in the bill. If
the wool-grower is to be made an exception
to the principle contained in the ninth section
of the law passed last session, I want to
understand the reason why. The effect of it
is to reduce the amount of duty upon the arti-
cle of wool as prepared by the committee, and
if the ninth section is not to be repealed, and
it is not unless the amendment of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means is adopted repealing
the ninth section alluded to by me, then the
wool-grower is placed at a disadvantage as
compared with other interests in this bill, and
for that reason, in order to make the bill har-
monize I propose the amendment which I
offered a moment ago and hope it will be
adopted by the committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a point of order,
and I will put it in the form of an inquiry of
the Chair. I understand from the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means that
there is a printer's error here, and that the
word "in" should have been included in the
motion to strike out. The committee propose
to insert the words "and such commissions."
I claim that the only question upon which we
can vote is: whether we will or will not agree
to that amendment, and that any amendments
offered must be amendments to those three
words. Am I right?
I understand also that the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means does not want
us to insert these words, " and such commis-
sions."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The clerical error will be cor-
rected.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to a point of order.
I desire to ask a question of the Chair. This
is an amendment reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means. I desire to know whether
it will be in order to go back to these lines
and propose still further amendments after
these amendments of the Committee of Ways
and Means have been disposed of?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holdsthat it
will be in order after the amendments reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means are dis-
posed of.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Twenty-first amendment:
In line fifty, after words "the value whereof,"
strike out the words " at the last port or place."
The amendment was agreed to.
Twenty-second amendment:
In line fifty-one, after the words " excluding
charges," strike out the words "in such port."
The amendment was agreed to.
Twenty-third amendment:
In line fifty-six, after the words "the value
whereof," strike out the words "at the last port
or place;" so that the section will road:
Upon wools of the second class, and upon all hair of
the alpaca, goat, camel, and other like animals, and
upon noils, the value whereof whence exported to
the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
In line fifty-eight, in the same clause, after the
such port* charges," strike out the word "in
The amendment was agreed to.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
In linesixty-one, same clause, after thewords "the
value whereof, strike out the words "ut the last nnrfc
or place." *
The amendment was agreed to.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
In line sixty-three, after the words " excluding
charges," strike out the words "in such ports."
The amendment was agreed to.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
In lines sixty-six and sixty-seven, after the words
"the value whereof," strikeout thewords "at the
last port or place."
The amendment was agreed to.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
In line sixty-eight, after the words "excluding
charges," strike out the words " in such ports."
The amendment was agreed to.
Twenty-ninth amendment:
In lines seventy and seventy-one, after the words
"the value whereof," strike out the words " at the
last port or place."
The amendment was agreed to.
Thirtieth amendment:
In line seventy-two, after the words "excluding
charges," strike out the words "in such port."
The amendment was agreed to.
Thirty-first amendment:
In line one hundred and four, after the word
"wool" insert " woolen flocksso that it will road:
On sheepskins and Angora goatskins, raw or un-
manufactured, imported with the wool on, washed or
unwashed, the duty shall be thirty per cent, ad valo-
rem; and on woolen rags, shoddy, mungo, extract
of wool, woolen flocks, and waste, the duty shall be
twelve cents per pound.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I hope
that amendment will be rejected. I think it
was a mistake on the part of the committee
putting it in, as it was afterward explained to
the committee that woolen flocks is a very
necessary article in the manufacture of wool-
ens. We had supposed when we hrst acted
on it in the committee that it belonged to the
class of shoddy, but we ascertained afterward
that was not the fact. If this amendment
be not agreed to, it will leave this article at
three ceuts a pound, as the Senate have it in
their bill. Ten cents a pound is entire pro-
hibition of it, and this is an article which it
was explained to us is very necessary in the
manufacturing of woolens. I hope the amend-
ment will be rejected.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to say that the
committee acted with a full knowledge of the
facts, and I think they made no mistake in this
amendment, I hope the amendment of the
Committee of Ways and Means will be adopted.
It will be seen that shoddy, mungo, and
extract of wool are charged a duty of twelve
cents a pound; the Senate struck flocks out
of this category and reduced it to three cents
a pouud. It is true that "woolen flocks" is
the name given to the shearings of new cloth,
and is a very different substance from mungo
and shoddy; but it is alleged by those who rep-
resent the wool interest, and I think with good
reason, that if we make this discrimination
and let flocks in at three cents a pound, all
sorts of material, shoddy, mungo, and extract
of wool will come in under the nameof'flocks"
at three cents a pound. Our custom-house offi-
cers are not experts and may easily be deceived.
The committee were therefore of the opinion
that we ought to put "woolen flocks" in the
same category with shoddy, so that we may
not open the door to fraud.
Mr. DELANO. I concur very fully in what
has been said by my colleague, [Mr. Garfield,]
who represents the Committee of Ways and
Means in this matter. This stuff called " woolen
flocks" ought to be subjected to the duty that
it will have to pay if it stands in its present
position in the bill. And there can be no
inducement for placing it in the other position,
subject onlyto a duty ofthree cents per pound,
except to benefit the manufacturer and injure
the wool-grower as well as the consumer of the
manufactured articles. If the House under-
stands this matter, as I do, they will maintain
those words where they now are.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word. I do it
for the purpose of saying that I am sorrv my
friend from Ohio [Mr. Delano] does not know
the subject-matter about which he is talking ;
otherwise he would not make the statement he
does. He says the only effect of admitting this
woolen flocks at a duty of three cents per pound
will be to aid the manufacturer and to injure
the wool-grower. Now, I suppose ha would
not object to aiding the manufacturer if he
could do'so without injuring the wool-grower.
If he knew the use to which flocks and shoddy
are put he would understand very well that
nothing could so much injure the wool-grower
as to prevent the introduction and use of this
woolen flocks. But the gentleman might just
as well say that the use of machinery, the use
of dyes, or the use of anything that assists in
the manufacture of his wool by the manu-
facturer would aid the manufacturer and there-
fore injure the wool-grower. His wool cannot
be used for the making of fine broadcloth with-
out the use of woolen flocks; but it can be used
for manufacturing purposes without the use of
shoddy.
The difference between flocks and shoddy is
this: flocks is necessary to make the wool full,
and to put a face upon it; shoddy is used to
supply the place of wool. Now, while what the
gentleman says may be true in regard to shoddy,
every woolen manufacturer in the country well
knows that flocks contributes to the use of the
wool raised by most growers, for it facilitates
the manufacture of it. The use of flocks,
which are the shearings of the new cloth, ena-
bles the cloth to full up in a manner in which
the shoddy or the wool alone will not full.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I would ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] if
there is such a distinction between shoddy and
woolen flocks that shoddy cannot be imported
under the name of flocks?
Mr. DAWES. It cannot be by anybody in
any custom-house where our officers know the
difference between the two articles. I am
aware that there is some truth in what the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Delano] says, that
the Government is liable to be cheated in this
way, and I do not want to adopt any method
that will enable men to bring shoddy into this
country under the name of flocks. And any
legislation which will prevent that will be just
what I want, and I thiuk it is what the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Delano] would want if
he knew the difference between the two arti-
cles.
I withdraw my amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. DELANO. I renew the amendment to
the amendment for the purpose of saying a
word or two in reply to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] I suppose I must
stand corrected and acknowledge my igno-
rance after the exhibition of superior intelli-
gence by that gentleman. I thought the gentle-
man got the same protection upon his cloth
whether it was made of flocks or of wool. I
thought if he made his clotli half of wool and
half of flocks the protection would be the same.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman does not un-
derstand what I meant to say. I meant to say
that flocks contributed to the manufacture and
the use of his wool. You can use up more
of his wool by having flocks to manufacture
with it than by not doing so; just as you can
use more wool if you have a power loom than
you can if you use only a hand-loom.
Mr. DELANO. I do not quite subscribe to
the necessity of using all flocks or even two
thirds flocks in the manufacture of cloth. I
I do not want the duty to be so reduced that
the importation of it may be reduced; for par-
ties will be interested in committing frauds
upon the country by its use. The gentleman
knows very well what I say in reference to the
liability to fraud to result from the adoption of
the scale of duties which is proposed upon this
article.
As other gentlemen desire to be heard upon
this subject I will not say anything more upon
it; but I will yield the remainder of my time
to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Grinneli,. ]
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Chairman, I desire
to say in the first place that for the manufac-
ture of woolen clothinthiscountry.allthe flocks
that is necessary to be used can be obtained
in this country. In the second place the for-
eign article ot flocks has no wearing qualities,
and should not go with cloth to be imposed
npon t.ha neoole. I hold some of it in my
