926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
pay an increased price, because of the increased
duty, if there is any thing in duties.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose every Sen-
ator understands the matter; and if the rea_-
sons for putting in the section are not sufficient
they will vote down the section ; otherwise they
will retain it.
Mr. DAVIS. There is a large amount of
steamboat tonnage built at Cincinnati, Louis-
ville, and New Orleans. There is a large
amount of foreign tonnage in the form of sail-
ing. ships built at Portland and other ports in
the East and Northeast. Now, sir, I repeat
the question of the Senator from Missouri: as
there are many articles of foreign import upon
which duties are paid that enter into the con-
struction of both classcs of vessels, how is it
that this bill authorizes a drawback upon all
the foreign articles that enter into the manu-
facture of sailing ships, and withholds it only
from all the articles of foreign manufacture
that enter into the construction of steamboats?
The Senator from Maryland asks whether, even
though it be unjust that there should be this
discrimination, the fact of this drawback not
being allowed upon the construction of west-
em steamboats is a sufficient reason why it
should not be allowed upon the construction
of eastern sailing vessels. I say, sir, it is suf-
ficient;. I say that the system ought to be one
of reciprocity; that there is no justice, there is
no wisdom, there is no statesmanship in a sys-
tem that makes such a discrimination, and
when that discrimination is established it is a
sufficient reason to me to vote against the
whole system.
Why, sir, is any Senator here ready to vote
for high protective duties in the form of taxes
positively imposed or drawbacks allowed to a
distant section of the United States when his
section is wholly denied such privileges ? Is
that the mode in which lie is to represent his
people and the interests of his constituency in
the legislation of the Senate? No, six-. I
respond to no appeal that asks me to vote for
any such class of legislation as that. I say
that this system of protecting industry ought
to be equal, reciprocal, just; tind whenever
the Senator from Maryland concedes or estab-
lishes that it becomes sectional, I am ready
then and there to vote against the sectional
system. Sir, I admit, that I have not the broad-
ness, the loftiness of statesmanship to vote to
sustain any such system as that. When legis-
lation becomes class and sectional and becomes
limited to a few great and absorbing interests,
and ceases to be general and just and universal
in its features and spirit, then I declare my
hostility to that legislation, and I manifest it
by my word and by my votes. I agree with the
Senator from Missouri that the measure under
consideration is framed wholly upon this par-
tial and sectional system, and therefore ought
to be voted down. It ought not to be imposed
upon the people of the United States; if it is,
they ought to reject it; they ought to send
men here who will reform it, and I have no
doubt they will.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator misun'
derstood me when he says I represent the bill
as having been originally framed on this idea.
The bill was a much better bill when it came
from the committee. It has been made infin-
itely worse by a combination of interests on
this floor since.
Mr. DAVIS. I am speaking of the bill as
as it has come from the committee and as it
has been modified by amendments accepted by
the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I shall
vote for the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Missouri, but not exactly for the
reason given by him or by the Senator from
Kentucky. I shall vote to strike out this section
because I think the system of drawbacks is in
itself vicious and ought not to be adopted.
For the purposes of revenue, as indicated by
the advocates of this bill, it is thought proper
to impose a tax upon iron, copper, cordage,
&c., th;u are imported into the country. They
are introduced ; they come through our ports;
they come into the hands of the merchants ;
they have paid their tax ; and they stand with
the price upon them in the markets of the
country which the original cost, transportation,
and taxes have fixed upon them. They are
purchased by men who then propose to use
them for the purpose of building ships. After
the money has gone into the Treasury, because
a man will use these articles in the building of
ships he is allowed to go to the national Treas-
ury and take the money out. It is simply,
when reduced to a clear statement, an author-
ity to a man who will build a ship to go to the
Treasury and draw from the Treasury a cer-
tain amount of money. I say that system is
vicious.
In the West the plowshare, the sunlight, arid
the rain bring to us our wealth; and when the
farmer has paid two dollars more upon his
plow because the material is taxed, can he go
to the Treasury and demand that two dollars
back? Is agriculture not as great an interest
as commerce that it shall not be equally pro-
tected? The man who builds a ship can go to
your Treasury and demand a certain sum of
money because he has built a ship; but the man
who makes and uses a plow has no such ben-
efit from the legislation. I oppose the system,
whether it be extended to sailing and steam ves-
sels, or whether it be confined exclusively to
sailing vessels. The thing is vicious ; it is not
equal; it is1 not just; it is simply paying out.
of the national Treasury men who will put their
investment in a certain line and structure.
Mr. President, I am surprised to see the ex-
citement of the Senator from Missouri upon
this occasion. He becomes excited that the
interests of one section are promoted at the
expense of his section and mine. Ordinarily
it is enough to arouse some degree of feeling;
but does the Senator from Missouri not know
that there are ten States of this Union that are
not represented in this body—ten agricultural
States, ten States that would stand by his State
and my State if they were allowed to vote upon
a question of this sort? I say until this Union
is completely restored, until the agricultural
labor of this country is fully represented, we
may expect legislation like this; and until we
have a full representation of all the interests
of this country I do not look to equal legisla-
tion. I shall vote against this section, because
I think it is a vicious system. I shall vote
against the bill, because it is not equal and just
in the burdens which it imposes upon the dif-
ferent systems of labor and the different pur-
suits of the people of the country.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish simply to state a
few reasons why I cannot support this amend-
ment. In the first place, I am in favor of the
section as it stands, provided our interests are
protected also. I do not see any good reason
why the interest of the ship-builders should be
protected at the East and those of the West
should not be. I am in favor of extending
this protection alike to both, and I should like
it amended so as to give that protection. I
cannot support exactly the measure of the
Senator from Missouri, because I am in favor
of extending protection to this class of inter-
ests neither could I support a bill that would
discriminate so improperly against other inter-
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say to the Sena-
tor there is nothing sectional about it. So far
as steamers are concerned, we build steamers
at the East as well as at the West. We build
steamers all along the Atlantic line, large
steamers and small. I was for including them
all in the section; but the Senate decided,
and not by eastern votes particularly, but on
motion of the honorable Senator from Ohio,
that it was not advisable to extend it to river-
going steamers.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not wish to be under-
stood as charging anything sectional.
Mr. FESSENDEN". The section covers all
sailing vessels built anywhere in the United
States.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know whether
I belong to the East or the West in this tre-
mendous controversy that is pending here
between the two sections of the country; but
there is one consideration which has not been
suggested that influences my judgment m favor-
ing this section of the bill as it now stands.
Objection is made because it is not applicable
to steamboats built upon the Mississippi river,
and it is claimed that it is a provision put into
this bill for the exclusive benefit of Maine or
some particular section of the country or New
England.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to know if
the Senator intends to put this language in my
mouth, that I said it was for the benefit of
Maine or any particular State?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is aware
that he did allude to Maine two or three times
in the course of his remarks as particularly
_ Mr. HENDERSON. I did. There are
just as many vessels though built in the city
of New York as in Maine, I apprehend, of
late years. I alluded to Connecticut also, and
to Maryland. I suppose there are a great
many vessels built at Baltimore. I did allude
to the western lakes, and stated that it was a
discrimination against the Mississippi in favor
of the St. Lawrence river.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not undertake to put
any language in the month of the honorable
Senator ; but I say that it was a legitimate in-
ference from his remarks that this provision
was put into this bill for the benefit of Maine;
and that is the way the honorable Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Johnson] understood it, and I
presume it was so understood by most of the
Senators. He may not have, in the excitement
under which he seems to have labored, exactly
measured the force of his language; but that
was what I understood him to imply, if he did
not expressly say it.
But, sir, I was about to remark that we can
build ships upon the Pacific coast as well as
they can in Maine, and that, so far as I can see,
this provision is just as much for the advantage
of California and Oregon as it is for Maine and
Massachusetts, or any other part of the United
States.
But the particular reason that influenced my
mind in favoring this provision was this: there
can be no foreign competition in the construc-
tion of steamboats; but I believe, unless there
is some provision in this bill to promote the
construction of sailing vessels in the United
States, the entire business will be transferred
to Europe, and there will not be a sailing vessel
built in the United States. There is a neces-
sity, it seems to me, on that account for protect-
ing the business of ship-building in the United
States ; but there is no necessity for such pro-
tection so far as steamboats on the rivers are
concerned, because none of those boats are built
in Europe or can be constructed in Europe.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator be kind
enough to inform me what is the necessity for
protecting the schooners and sloops on the lake
coast?
Mr. WILLIAMS. T will answer. It is im-
possible in any provision of law to particularize
every_vessel and every ship. The mass of the
shipping protected by this provision is such as
sails upon the ocean, as does the coasting trade;
and it would be impossible, in making a provis-
ion of this kind, to specify that it should apply
to ships sailing in one locality and not apply to
ships sailing in another locality; but the pro-
vision is general, and its benefits are attained
by vessels chiefly engaged in the coasting trade
or in commerce with foreign countries. Suoh
vessels are those the construction of which this
provision is intended to benefit, though it may
incidentally assist in the construction of vessels
upon the lakes, and I am sure that no western
man can complain of that. I suppose that if
the construction of sailing vessels upon the
lakes is made cheap it will cheapen transport-
ation for the West, because they transport by
way of the lakes their produce to the eastern
market, and the cheaper the vessels are con-
structed upon the lakes the less will the cost
of transportation be.
