1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to ask the
Senator if transportation to the East will not
be much cheaper if we take off the entire duty
on railroad iron and let us import it from
England ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I presume so; I make no
question about that; but it is necessary that
some tariff should be imposed upon foreign
iron to protect those wlio are engaged in the
manufacture of iron in the United States, and
that is the main reason, I presume, why a tariff
is imposed upon the importation of foreign
iron. But that is not a parallel case to the
one now before the Senate. There is a certain
business in the United States, the ship-building
business, and the object of this bill is to pro-
tect as far as possible all kinds of business.
It is necessary that this* business should be
protected, and this is the way in which the busi-
ness can be protected; and it seems to me that
it can be protected in no other way. The
reason that this provision may very properly
apply to sailing vessels and not to steamboats
upon the rivers is, as I have stated, that there
is a foreign competition as to the one, and
there is none as to the other. That is one
reason that influenced my mind ; it may not
be a sufficient reason to operate upon the minds
of other Senators.
The idea that this is simply brought forward
here by those who are interested in building up
the interests of the East, for the purpose of
oppressing the interests of the West, I regard
as a very great mistake. I do not consider
myself more identified with the interests of
New England than I am with the interests of
Iowa or Missouri; nor are the members of the
committee. One of the members of the com-
mittee lives in the West; another lives in the
South; another lives 011 the Pacific coast; and
a majority of the members of that committee
are men who are not interested in any way in
New England any more than they are in any
other State or portion of this country. I do
not wish to express any opinion whatever, I do
not presume to express any opinion as to the
mode in which these matters shall be discussed ;
but I am very sorry to see so much apparent
and, as I conceive, unnecessary hostility mani-
fested here between what is called the East
and the West. So far as I am individually
concerned, I am just as much identified with
one as the other, and the interests of the East
and the interests of the West are equal in their
importance to me, and 1 believe to my section
of the country.
Mr. CATTELL. I concur in every word
that has been said by the Senator from Ore-
gon, and wish to say that this was the unani-
mous opinion of the committee. That is not
very important, nor are their opinions in the
view of the Senator from Missouri of very
much weight; nevertheless, I desire to relieve
the Senator from Maine from the apparent
imputation that it may have proceeded from
him. The committee were entirely unanimous
on this subject. It was shown to the commit-
tee that a ship could be built in Nova Scotia
at very nearly fifty per cent, less than it could
be built in Maine. There was no possible way
of protecting it that could be seen in accord-
ance with our laws and treaty regulations, save
by a drawback, and it was unanimously agreed
that it was one of those interests worthy to bo
protected in the best form we could, and I
believe the committee were entirely unanimous
in the opinion that this drawback ought to be
given.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to say once
for all that if Senators understood me as
imputing anything wrong to the Senator from
Maine, they are very much mistaken. I have
altogether a different opinion of that Senator.
I apprehend that the Senator frpm Maine
desired to protect the interests of his own
State, as 1 desire to protect the interests of
mine. I do not blame him for that. If I were
to blame him for it I should blame materially
the Senator who has just taken his seat. I
apprehend that that Senator has on several
occasions offered amendments proposing in-
creased duties looking directly to the protec-
tion of the manufactures of his own State. I
do not blame him for that, because it really
seems to me that there has been a desire from
the beginning among Senators to offer amend-
ments looking to the protection of the interests
of their own States. I do not think the Sen-
ator from Maine has been so eager about it as
various other Senators. I only complained—
and if I manifested any excitement about it it
grew out of that fact—that when I offered
amendments looking to the protection of the
interests of my State, as I conceived, they
were not regarded at all, but were cast aside
coolly, and sometimes I thought rather con-
temptuously. The Senator from New Jersey,
who has just taken his seat, I apprehend has
had interests in his State protected over and
above the duties proposed by the Committee
011 Finance in this bill as they reported it to
the Senate.
If I do not mistake there is an interest pro-
tected in this bill to the extent of four dollars
per ton upon the stone of New Jersey, and if I
am not incorrectly informed upon the subject,
really as good stone to build houses can be
brought into the city of Portland for three dol-
lars a ton, making a duty of more than one
hundred per cent. I whs surprised at the cool-
ness with which the Senator from Maine ac-
cepted that proposition, or rather suffered it to
pass.
There are other interests protected here that
I might allude to; but the Senator will not
understand that I blame him for looking to the
interests of his own people. lie was sent here
for that purpose;—not to look after their inter-
ests alone. It is true, ho is a Senator of the
United States ; but it is not to be expected
that Senators will wholly disregard the interests
of their own constituents. 1 have 110 com-
plaint to make of it. I do not complain even
of the Senator from Maryland, who looks to
the protection of the shipping interest upon
the waters of Maryland.
But, sir, the Senator from Oregon says that
the shipping interest will die unless this pro-
tection is given. Why, sir, what was the effect
of the lowest duties ever known in this coun-
try, those under the tariff of 184C>, upon ton-
nage V In 184G we had 1K8,20:S tons of tonnage ;
in 1847, IMS,732; in 1848, 318,000; in 1849,
250,000; in 1850, 272,000; in 1851, 298,000;
in 1852, 357,000; in 1853, 425,000; in 1854,
53.5,000, and in 185G, 583,000 tons—a grad-
ual, constant increase in the amount of ton-
nage built in this country, and yet we are told
it cannot be built here now. If it could be
built under the tariff of 1846, why can it not be
built under the present rates without1 giving a
drawback of every dollar that goes into it in
iron, cordage, canvas, &c.'! I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to stale, as the yeas
and nays are about to be taken, that on this
question the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Brown] has paired off with the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Cresweli,.] The Senator from
Missouri wished me to say that if here ho would
vote in favor of the proposition, and the Sen-
ator from Maryland would vote against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Buckalew, Davis, Doolittlo, Crimes,
Henderson, Hendricks, Lane, Patterson, Sherman,
Trurabull, and Yates—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattoll, Chandler, Cimness, Cragin,
Edmunds, Fessendon, Fofcfj, Foster, Frelinghnysen,
Harris, Howard, Howe, johnson, Kirkwood, Mc-
Dougall,Morgan, Morrill, Poland, Ramsey, Sprague,
Stewart, Van Winkle, Wade, V/illcy, Williams, and
Wilson—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cowan, Cres-
weli, L>ixon, Fowler, Guthrie, Nebmith, Norton, Nye,
Pomeroy, Riddle, .Ross, Sauls'oury, and Sumner—15.
So the motion to strike out did not prevail.
Mr. GRIMES. I have two or three amend-
ments that I propose to offer. I do not ex-
pect, however, that the inexorable majority
who are going to pass this bill will adopt them,
but I want to give them an opportunity to do
so. On page 9i I move to insert the words
"and one half" after the word "cent'' in the
sixty-seventh line of the fifteenth section; so
as to read:
On beef not cured, and on boof driod, ono cent and
ono half por^>ound.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected. *
Mr. GRIMES. In the same line I move to
strike out "two" and insert "three-," so as to
read;
On boof cured In barrels, three dollars per barrel
of two hundrod pounds.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is none imported
now. The amount, according to the tables,
imported last year was thirty dollars' worth.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not so sure about that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. JL know it.
Mr. GRIMES. At any rate I do not know
how that may he under this tariff. When they
drive cattle down from Canada it may be for
their interest to pack them there in conse-
quence of the large imposition of duty on salt
and saltpeter. If there are none imported; as
the Senator says, it can do 110 harm. I think
it is well enough to raise the rate a dollar a
barrel.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there was any object
in the world in levying a duty 011 meats of any
kind t should be willing to vote for the
amendment; but the whole afnount brought
into this country in 1805 of beef and pork was
$921; of bacon aud ham §3,150; of meats
preserved in cans and sausages, $11,538. That
shows that under the old tariff, when admitted
duty free, there was no importation of meats
into the country. This amendment, therefore,
is simply useless.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. It is pretty evident, ^ think,
that the Senate are not disposed to interfere
with the subject of meals, 1 will now try
them 011 the subject of knowledge, in tire ab-
sence of the Senator from Massachusetts.
[Laughter.] I should not presume to poach
011 the manor of the Senator from Massachu-
setts when he was present. On page 88. line
twenty-seven of section fourteen, I propose to
reduce the duty 011 printing paper from twenty
to fifteen per cent, ad valorem. On this ques-
tion I ask for the yoas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will simply state that
the present duty is twenty per cent., and lias
been so a number of years. It produces a
largo revenue.
The question being taken by yeas and naya,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 25 j as follows;
YEAS—Messrs Davis, Doolittlc, Fogs, Grimes,
Henderson, Hendricks. Lane, MeDougall, Patterson,
Ramsey, Trumbull, and Yates—12.
NAYS—Messrs. liuckalcw, Oattell, Chandler, Con-
nors, Cragin, Jbldmundsj, Fe^senden. Foster. Fowler,
Frelinerhuvsrn, Harris!, Howard, llowc, Johnson*
Morffsm, Morrill, Poland, Sherman, Sprague, Stew-
art, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, }Vilhams, and
"Wilson—25. ,
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Crown, Cowan, Cres-
weli, Dixon, Guthrie, Kirlnvood, Nesmith, Noiton,
Nye, Pomoroy, Riddle, Iloss, SauUbury. and Sum-
ner—15.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr! GRIMES. On page 93 I move to strike
out all on that page after line five of section
sixteen down to the nineteenth line of that
section, on page 04. on the subject of lumber.
I am in favor of having free lumber, to develop
the country, and I want a vote by yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 8, nays 2:1; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, Grimes, Honderson, Kirk-
wood, MeDougall, Patterson, Trumbull, and Yates
—S,
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cattell, Conn ess, Cra-
gin, Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster, Fowler, FreJing-
hnyson, Harris, Howard, Howe, Jobn&on, Morgan,
Morrill, Poland, Sherman, Spraprue, Stewart, Waue,
Willev, Williams, aud Wilson—23.
ABSENT - Messrs. Anthony, Brown C ham li;..
Cowan, Cresweli, Dixon, Doolittlo, iogg, tmtl.no.
