1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
upon the fundamental condition that within the
State there shall be no denial of the. electoral fran-
chise or of any other rights on account of color or
race, bntall persons shall be equal before the law, and
the Legislature of the State.by a solemn public act
shall deolare the assent of .the State to this funda-
mental condition andshall transmit to the President
of the United States an authentic dopy dfsileh assent
whenever the same shall be adopted, upon the
prompt receipt whereof, he shall, by proclamation,
announce the fact, whereupon,'without any further
proceedings on the part of Congress, this joint res-
olution shall take effect.1'
Now, sir, there was ail endeavor to give the
right to the colored people to vote in the State
of Tennessee and to make that a condition on
which she should be restored to her relations
to the Union. I desire the attention of Sena-
tors who may not recollect how this important
resolution was voted upon, to the names of
those who voted for and against it. I trust that
gentlemen are not about to change their front
now. There is nothing in my judgment which
ought to lead to any such change, for this is a
much stronger case in the direction I argue it
than the one that was up here last year. The
yeas and nays were taken on this proposition,
and resulted—yeas 4, nays 34; as follows:
"Those who voted in the affirmative are Messrs.
Brown, Pomeroy, Sumner, and Wade—i."
I voted for it myself last year. I voted for
just such an amendment as you have got here.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope you will vote for
it always.
Mr. WADE. Well, sir, that would be giv-
ing great weight to my judgment to overrule
thirty-four Senators by it. But let us now see
what the weight of authority was against me on
that occasion.
"Those who voted in the negative are Messrs. An-
thony, Buckalew, Chandler, Clark, Cowan, Cres-
well, Davis, Doolifetle, Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster,
Gfrimes, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard,
Howe, Johnson, Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan, Morrill,
Nesmith, Norton, Poland, Ramsey, Riddle, Sher-
man, Sprague, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—34."
There you had almost the whole Senate
against such a qualification to the admission of
the State of Tennessee, a rebel State that came
here, not complying even with the requisitions
of your constitutional amendment. This Ter-
ritory has not adopted, but I pledge my word
and my honor that she stands ready, just as
soon as you shall admit her into this Union,
the very next day; if her Legislature is in ses-
sion, to adopt your constitutional amendment.
There is no doubt about it. Everybody from
that quarter says so. The respectable, truth-
ful gentlemen who have been sent here to rep-
resent that Territory as Senators on this floor,
their Delegate in the other House, the letters
I have received from all the officers of the State
everywhere, announce the fact that this Terri-
tory is up to high-water mark on the subject
of human rights. I want them here because I
want this body strengthened immensely by the
reenforcement that these gentlemen will bring
to bear upon every question you can get up;
and you stand here cavilling over a mere tech-
nicality. There is nothing else about it. They
also inform me that all their influence as men,
strengthened and enforced by the elevation
into the magistracy, if you will give them a
chance, shall be exerted to see that this ghost
of an objection shall be removed. And do you
doubt that it will be ? Not at all. It was not
so with the State of Tennessee. You had no
such assurances from that quarter. Nobody
stood up on this floor giving you assurance that
they, would adopt your constitutional amend-
ment and then give enfranchisement to all the
colored population in the State. No such
announcement as that was made; and yet thirty -
four of you voted against requiring such an
assurance. I failed to do it, because at that
time I had not so fully investigated the prin-
ciple upon which the Government moves, as I
have since—the equality of the States, the
impossibility of forcing these conditions upon
a State which had not forfeited her rights, act-
ing in accordance with the action of this Gov-
ernment from the earliest time. I went against
it and gave that vote, prompted to do so by
my zeal for fixing that qualification everywhere
that we can.
Mr. BROWN. Do I understand the Senator
to say that if he had that vote to give over
again now, from further investigation he would
not give it?
Mr. WADE. It might be that J would give
it with regard to that State, a slave' State when
she came here. I surely would not give it as
a condition to^fix upon a free Territory when
she comes .here. It may be that I was right
when I applied my doctrine to a slave State
guilty of treason, and that had no rights ex-
cept such as of grace we saw fit to bestow upon
her. In that view of it, my vote was exactly
right, and if I differed with my brethren here
I still think that my vote was right. But when
you come to apply the doctrine to another State
having no more relation to that than light has
to darkness, then, sir, I tell you frankly my vote
would not be the same. I shall not vote to
affix this qualification or this restriction upon
the constitution of this State, because I know
it is a mere technicality. I know the great
principle for which we have so long contended
will be infinitely further advanced by rejecting
the amendment than by permitting it to defeat
the admission of this most patriotic State. The
Senator wanted to know how 1 could find any
distinction between a State that had not for-
feited her rights and one that had. If these
southern States had never been in rebellion 
Mr. BROWN. I beg the Senator's pardon.
I do not wish to be understood as occupying
any such ground. I can make a very clear dis-
tinction between States that have and States
that have not been in rebellion; but where I
desired the Senator to point out the discrimi-
nation was between States that have forfeited
their rights and those that are not States at all,
but in a territorial condition.
Mr. WADE. Very well; that is no harder
than the other. I knew that the sagacity of
the gentleman, shrewd lawyer as he is, would
find no difficulty in making the very discrimi-
nation that he asked me to make on this floor.
Why, sir, nothing is more unlike than a State
that has forfeited all her rights and one that
stands with her head up, patriotic, influential,
living up to your Constitution everywhere, and
never having violated her faith with the Gen-
eral Government or with her own citizens. I
am astonished that I should be asked to point
out the difference. One, in my judgment, lies
prostrate under the arm of the conqueror, who
has the right by the public law, as announced
by your Supreme Court, to impose just such
conditions upon her as he pleases, always hav-
ing reference to the humanities and civilizations
of the present day, and living as near to the
most liberal principles of government as you
can and govern her; but the power to treat
conquered territory is at the will of the con-
queror always. Does it make any difference,
in the great warin which we have been through,
in favor of these rebellious States, that they
were not a foreign nation with which we was
at war, alien enemies, but domestic enemies
converting themselves into aliens fey their acts
of rebellion and treason ? All the publicists
say that when an insurrection has risen to the
proportions of a civil war, so as to create a de
facto government which can control the whole
population within the rebellious borders and
set them against the original Government, there
is no difference between the belligerent rights
of contestants in such a war and in a foreign
war. They proceed upon exactly the same
principles. The power of the conqueror is
precisely the same. All there is about their
case is that in addition to being alien enemies
they have added the accursed guilt of treason;
that is all. And shall they be more leniently
dealt with because they raised their arm against
the most beneficent Government in the world
and proved traitors, than if they had been a for-
eign enemy that had fallen into some misun-
derstanding with us that resulted in war ? I
tell you no.
I am not the advocate for proceeding against
these rebel, criminal States with any greater
rigor than is necessary to procure entire se-
curity for ourselves—indemnity for the past,
if you please, and security for the'future, f,
for one, will exact nothing more; I will be
content with nothing less. We have made a
proposition to the rebellious States that has
elicited the admiration of the world on account
of its moderation, on account of every princi-
ple of revenge'being withdrawn from it. • We
have put forth a principle of justice to them
and justice to ourselves without any acrimony,
without any attempt at punishment. When
terms like those have been defiantly rejected
by these men, murdering, scalping, destroying,
construing every act of conciliation into cow-
ardice, and raising their terms in exact pro-
portion as you offer them lenity, I shall be for
strong measures. Many of these States have
rejected those most beneficent terms.- They
have not only rejected them but, as the Sen-
ator from Illinois has read to you this morning
from the most authentic sources, they are now
dl'lying your law and murdering our friends in
that country, whom we are bound by every
principle that should actuate men to protect.
Those who have been our friends in the south-
ern States and have stood up for the old Gov-
ernment in the face of perils and hardships
almost unequaled in the history of the world,
have a right to call upon us to defend them;
and, sir, they shall never want defense so far
as I have it in my pow,er to extend it. As these
rebellious States have defied us and received
all our attempts at lenity with mockery and
defiance, I am for strong measures when these
are rejected. They have been rejected now, I
believe, by more than half of those States. I
wish they could have complied with the most
lenient and beneficent terms that we offered
them. I told you on a former occasion I would
receive them if they would take those terms,
which were not as severe as I believed were
necessary. I feared when proposed that they
were not stringent enough to curb the proud,
haughty recklessness of those men; but they
have refused to comply with those terms, and
have thereby shown themselves even more
incorrigible and depraved than any of us
supposed.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to ask my
friend just there whether, in his opinion, those
governments down there are valid so that they
can bind their States or become parties to a
constitutional amendment?
Mr. WADE. I have thought of that. Nobody
knows better than the Senator how strenuously ,
to the utmost of my ability, I contended against
the constitutionality of these organizations even
under Mr. Lincoln himself. Everybody who
was here, cognizant of the doings of this Sen-
ate, will bear me witness how I endeavored to
anathematize this attempt by the executive arm
alone, with only military power, to set up gov-
ernments there without consulting Congress.
The Senator knows what my opinions were
then, and I assure him they hafe not changed
since. The fact that these principles have been
carried still further, and with more effrontery
have been attempted to be forced upon Congress
by Andrew Johnson, has not made them any
more palatable to me.
Mr. SUMNER. Then if this is  
Mr. WADE. I have not answered your
whole question yet. I have only attempted to
show you that the question is not new, that my
advocacy of the principle that the Executive
cannot set up such a power is no't a new prin-
ciple for me. I wondered that even' man who
wished to preserve the true balances of our Con-
stitution did not rise up then and anathematize
the act, come from what quarter it would. I
stand to-day where I stood then, only with
greater experience on the subject, and when I
see a despotism attempted to be erected on
these principles, more stubbornly opposed-to
it if possible than I was then. But these
governments not being constitutional, how can
you ingraft these principles upon them ? W hv,
sir, it is in the power of this Congress, who have
