028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
Hendricks, Lane, Nesmith, Norton, Ny«, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Riddle, Ross, Saulsbury, Sumner, and Van
Winkle—21.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. It is very evident, I think,
that the Senate is looking very closely after
revenue this evening; and I therefore propose
to strike from the free list on page 105, line
one hundred and sixty-eight of section eighteen,
the words " ship timber." I ask for the yeas
and nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 5, nays 30 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks,
Howe, and Lane—5.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cattell, Conness, Cra-
gin, Davis, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fogg, Foster, Fow-
ler, Harris, Howard, Johnson, Kirkwood, McDougall,
Morgan, Morrill, Patterson, Poland, Ramsey, Sher-
man, Sprague, Stewart, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Wade, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler,
Cowan, Creswell, Dixon, Daolittle, Frelinghuysen,
Guthrie, Nesmith, Norton, Nyo, Pomeroy, Riddle,
Ross, Saulsbury. and Sumnei^-17.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, it seems
to me the votes indicate a purpose on the part
of the Senate not to change this bill further,
and I suggest to gentlemen it is just as well we
should come to a vote on the bill. I cannot
see any advantage in contesting it further.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no amendment
to offer except in reference to the day when
this bill shall take effect, and that is in the
third line of the first seetion, on page 1. I
believe the blank that was originally left in
that line has been filled up with the 1st day of
April. If that be adhered to it is very plain
what the operation will be. The Senate has
made up its mind to pass the bill; it will go to
the House of Representatives and be passed
there, and become a law, and become a law
soon. -Then between that time and the 1st of
April the large importers will bring immense
quantities of goods into the country, and in
that way the object of the bill, to some extent
at least, will be defeated. I presume that dur-
ing the interval between now and the 1st of
April large importations will be made. There
is a plenty of time to telegraph to Europe and
have large stocks imported between now and
the 1st of April; and the effect will be to neu
tralize, to a very considerable extent, one de-
sign of the bill. If it be protective let the ben-
efit of the protection go to the manufacturers.
If the object be merely to increase the revenue,
perhaps it will increase the revenue in this
way as much as in any other. Perhaps we
shall get a much larger revenue in this way, for
the simple reason that the importations will be
at the present rates of duty, which are less than
the proposed rates. I move to strike out the
words "on and after the 1st day of April,
1867," and to insert some reasonable time, say
the loth or 20th day after the passage of the
act.
Mr. WILSON and others. Make it take
effect from the passage of the act.
Mr. HENDERSON. Perhaps fifteen or
twenty days will be too long a time, for within
that time stocks of goods could be ordered by
telegraph and imported. I would propose that
it shall take effect on the tenth day after the
passage of the act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is rather a loose
form of expression; you might just as well say
from and after the passage of the act.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection
to that, and I move to amend by striking out
"on and and after the 1st day of April, 1867,"
and insert "from and after the passage of this
act."
Mr. CATTELL. I concur in the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri, and am
very glad to do so.
Mr. HENDERSON. Thank you, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 am very glad, Mr. Pres-
ident, that my friend from Missouri has pro-
posed one amendment which shows a sincere
friendship to the interest of the bill, to the in-
terest of the country, for with the telegraph as
it is now anybody who has capital can flood
the country with goods of every description by
the 1st of April. I hope every friend of the
bill will agree with the Senator from Missouri
in. going for this amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest now, that
amendment having been agreed to by the Sen-
ate, that the same change should be made in
the proviso on the fifth page, by striking out the
words "after the 1st day of April, 1867," and
inserting "after the passage of this act."
The PRESIDENT^iro tempore. That change
will be made as a matter of course, to make
the bill consistent with itself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then in the twenty-
sixth section, the section repealing prior incon-
sistent acts, the same change should be made.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let me suggest that the
words 1' are hereby repealed'' will answer the
purpose, and are preferable to the words " shall
from and after the passage of this act be re-
pealed."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, those words will
do as well.
ThePRESIDENTjoroto pore. Thatchange
of phraseology will be made if there be no ob-
jection.
Mr. STEWART. In voting for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] in regard to the duty on woolen cloths,
I believed that the class valued at less than one
dollar a pound would include all the coarser
articles used by the poor people generally, and
that the effect of the amendment would be to
increase the duty upon the finer cloths; but
from the best information I can get the dollar
limit in the amendment should be raised to a
dollar and a half.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it is right as it
stands.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have made inquiry since
this question was up before, and I do not be-
lieve that a single pound of clothing such as is
used by the common laborers, excepting the
coarser satinets, which are mixed with cotton,
will fall in the category under a dollar a pound.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The provision can be
corrected in the House if it is wrong.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the amendment
is a violation of the agreement between the
wool-growers and manufacturers, and will be a
disturbing element.
Mr. WILSON. I think the Senator ought
to know that that has been violated in several
places.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do n(jt think so.
Mr. STEWART. I move a reconsideration
of the vote adopting that amendment, so that
we may have an opportunity to correct it.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas. 20, nays 17 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Davis, Doolittle, Fogg,
Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Howe,
Kirkwood, Lane, McDougall, Patterson, Ramsey,
Sherman, Stewart, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey,
and Yate?—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Conness, Cragin,
Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster. Frolinghuysen, Harris,
Johnson, Morgan, Morrill, Poland, Sprague, Wade,
Williams, and Wilson—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cowan, Cres-
well, Dixon,Fowler, Guthrie, Nesmith,Norton, Nye,
Pomeroy, Riddle, Ross, Saulsbury, and Sumner—15.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I know nothing more un-
just than I think this whole proposition. We
have had to-night very earnest speeches made
about the benefits of the East in this bill. I
want simply 
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to shorten this
matter 
Mr. WILSON. I have got the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to submit a prop-
osition.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to make one propo
sition. I move to amend the bill by striking
out "forty-five" and inserting "fifty" in the
eleventh line of the fourth seetion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment having been reconsidered, the question
before the Senate is what will be stated at the
desk. The question now is upon the amend-
ment as moved. It will be read.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to put this question
to the Senator from Ohio. Would you not be
willing to put.all under $1 50 in the first class,
and then from $1 00 and two dollars in the
second class, and all over two dollars to be a
^ clSiSS ^
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate committee
reduced the specific duty from fifty to forty-fi ve
cents, on the ground that we had thrown off the
duties on drugs and cheminals, &c. Now, I
am willing to vote for the proposition of the
Senate to bring it back to fifty cents, in which
they agreed, and not make any difference of
classification.
Mr. WILSON. I think you will get more
revenue from the proposition in the way I have
got it, and it will oome heavier on the finer
articles.
Mr. STEWART. I think there ought to be
a discrimination, and I like that better.
Mr. WILSON. I will modify my amend-
ment so as to provide that the duty on all cloths
under one dollar and a half a pound shall stand
as it does in the bill; those between one dollar
and a half and two dollars shall have a duty
of fifty cents a pound, and forty per cent, ad
valorem, and all above two dollars a pound
fifty cents and forty-five per cent.
Mr. GRIMES. What about that agreement?
Mr. WILSON. I do not care about the
agreement. We are sent here to legislate, and
not the woolen manufacturers or wool-growers.
Mr. SHERMAN. I admit that we are not
bound by the agreement; but there is this to
be said: the wool manufacturers, in a conven-
tion of their own calling, agreed that all they
wanted was fifty cents a pound and thirty-five
per cent, ad valorem. They agreed upon that
basis when they were taxed on all the chemi-
cals used by them, when they were taxed a
larger rate on the wool, when it was proposed
to tax a certain portion of the wool a larger
amount than we have put on it. I am willing
to give tliem all they claim ; and yet by our
previous action we have given them a benefit
of at least five per cent, on their whole pro-
duction. Let me say further, that any devia-
tion from the agreement will give grave ground
for complaint. It has already been started,
and grave objection will be made, not against
us particularly, but among these men who are
rivals in interest and rivals in trade, whose in-
terests have been antagonistic. One class will
say they made a fair bargain with the other,
but they did not live up to it. We ought to
have no controversy of that kind upon a mat-
ter of this sort. I am perfectly willing to take
their own arrangement in the very words they
made it, give them the benefit of it, and abide by
it. I think they ought to be satisfied with that.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not exactly under-
stand—perhaps it is owing to my ignorance—
what is meant by the agreement of the various
interests which is here spoken of. Is it a com-
bination of persons to affect legislation?
Mr. WILSON. I desire to modify my amend-
ment, if I have the power to do so, in the man-
ner I have suggested.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It may be
done by unanimous consent.
Mr. WILSON. Instead of the classifica-
tions proposed originally I wish to make them
$1 50, two dollars, and above two dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the complaint of one
man, who has been bothering us and hectoring
us for nearly a month for his own particular
interest, we are to violate an arrangement
made by a convention representing both the
wool-growers and wuol manufacturers.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator will pardon me
for saying that some of the largest manufac-
turers in the country, the largest men engaged
in manufacturing, are in favor of something
such as I propose being done; and further,
they believe that this bill as it stands is de-
