1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Structive to two thirds of the woolen manufac-
turing interests of the country, and that they
have got to suffer for it, because here is an
absolute reduction from the law as it stands;
certainly it is. The old law is worth more to
us by seven per cent, than this bill.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment as now proposed will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was in section four, line eleven, to strike out
all after the word "specified" to the end of
the clause, and insert:
Valued at SI 50 or less per pound, forty-Sve cents
per pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem; valued ftt over 81 50 and less than
two dollars per pound, fifty cents per pound, and, in
addition thereto, forty per cont. ad valorem: valued
at two dollars and over per pound, fifty oents per
pound, and, in addition thereto, forty-five per oent.
ad valorem.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to ascertain whether
I understood the Senator from Ohio correctly
in reference to the duties upon cloths. I un-
derstood bim to say that the bill which is now
before us, that is to say, the report of the Com-
mittee on Finance, contains in this respect sub-
stantially the result of an honorable agreement
and understanding between the wool-growers
on the one side and the woolen manufacturers
on the other. Do 1 understand him correctly?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; but the Committee
on Finance did reduce the specific rate from
fifty to forty-five cents, on the ground after we
had put chemicals and dye stuffs on the free
list, equivalent, according to their own declar-
ation, to two and a half cents a pound, and also
reduced the rate of duty on flocks, a portion
of the wool used in the liner broadcloth, giving
an advantage perhaps sufficient to make up
the difference; but. I said rather than have the
matter opened again I would be willing to see
the duty restored to fifty cents specific, instead
of having these discriminating duties that in
one case would raise the duty ten per cent, ad
valorem and five cents per pound, and in the
other case five per cent, acl valorem and five
cents a pound. A duty of ten per cent, ad
valorem on some cloths might amount to fifty
cents or a dollar a yard on fine French broad-
cloths.
Mr. HOWARD. So in effect the committee
carried out the agreement made between these
parties as accurately and equitably as they were
able to do.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the fact.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope, then, there will
be no alteration made in the report of the
committee, and that the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts will not be ac-
cepted. Let us try the experiment according
to the agreement made between these two
rival interests and stand by the agreement
which they have made ourselves. I feel bound
by that arrangement.
Mr. McDOUGALL I do not understand
how agreements can be made in committee, and
how agreements can be made in conventions
between wool-growers' interests and manufac-
turers' interests, that come here to control the
legislation of the Senate. I protest against
anything of the kind. I say such agreements
tend to public mischief. How am I to be gov-
erned by the report of a committee except as
I am advised by it? A committee is a mere
body of inquiry to ascertain facts and advise
the Senate. Wool-growers and wool-manu-
facturers may go before them and endeavor to
gromote their own interests ; but what right
ave they to commit the Senate to any such
thing, or to make or indorse any compact of
the kind ? I object to it as being against the
philosophy of true legislation here.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 17, noes 18.
Mr. WILSON. I call for the yeas and nayfl.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should be much
obliged if the Senator from Ohio would ex-
plain the difference between the committee's
report and the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts ; I do not under-
stand it very clearly.
39th Cong. 2d Ress.—No. 59.
Mr. SHERMAN. The committee proposed
upon woolen cloths, shawls, &c., a duty of
forty-five cents per pound and thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts proposes a duty of forty-five cents per
pound and thirty-five per cent, ad valorem on
all worth $1 SO per pound and less; and fifty
cents per pound and forty per cent, ad valo-
rem on all between $1 50 and two dollars; and
fifty cents a pound and forty-five per cent, ad
valorem on all above two dollars a pound.
That is it I believe.
Mr. GRIMES. I am in a difficulty to deter-
mine what I ought to do in this matter, I do
not want to be put in the condition of voting for
an increase of the duty on woolens, and jet I
would like to do something for the assistance
of the man who I understand would be bene-
fited by the adoption of this amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts. I
understand that there was one large woolen
manufacturer in New England who had hon-
esty, manliness, and high sense of principle
sufficient to cause him to abstain entirely from
all cooperation or participation in this com-
bination of the woolen manufacturers for the
purpose of coercing Congress into the pas-
sage of this bill, and I suppose it to be true
from what I have heard that this man has been
in consequence read out of the circle. They
have put him, in a degree, under the ban,
because of his manliness and independence;
and there is not that protection given to him,
he producing the best qualities of broadcloths,
that is given to other woolen manufacturers.
This is information I got long before, to-night.
I understand from those on whom I rely that
that is just about the condition of things : that
one gentleman in Massachusetts, whose father
was the man who originally introduced the man-
ufacture of cotton cloths in this country and
carried them up to the highest production in
point of quality that there has ever been thrown
upon our market from the American looms, in
conjunction with one other person, a citizen
of the State of Maine, are the only parties who
will be specially advanced by the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts. So far as
they are concerned I would like to reach them ;
that is to say, I do not want to do anything that
would interfere with or militate against their
interest, because 1 want to reward them for the
public spirit and candor and manliness that were
exhibited in remaining out of this combination
that has attempted to control the action of Con-
gress in legislation upon great public questions.
Mr. SHERMAN. A word in regard to this
matter. Mr. Slater is the gentleman referred
to. I have nothing to say in regard to liiin
except this: he wanted to get wool and every-
thing else that he bought admitted duty free ;
he wanted to buy everything he had to buy as
low as possible in the cheapest market in the
world. That he frankly admitted was his pol-
icy. Then he wanted as high a duty on the
article he manufactured as he could possibly
get out of Congress. If this is an evidence of
the highest patriotism I am mistaken. The
people of Iowa and Ohio, so far as I have heard
them ask for anything, simply ask that the
same protection which is given to other pro-
ductions of American laborers shall be extended
to the article of wool. 1 do not know a citizen
of the State of Ohio who does not ask this and
demand it, not as a matter of favor, but a mat-
ter of right; and, as I said before, the very
moment you show the agriculturists of this
country that under similar circumstances you
are not willing to give to the production of their
industry the same reasonable protection by
your tariff laws that you do to all other^mdus-
try, that moment they will use their j^qMpto
break down the whole system, and 111 that I
would defend them, heeause wool is the result
of labor, and if they are not entitled to a
reasonable protection against the labor of
Canada and the labor of South America in the
production of wool the whole system is vicious
and ought to be abolished, and the sooner the
better. Simply because Mr. Slater would not
co into a convention which recommended a
duty to protect the growth of wool in this
country, he is therefore said to be a patriotic
and high-minded admirable citizen, and is
highly extolled. The simple fact is, that ha
wanted to get his wool dutj free and everything
that he has to buy free.
Mr. GRIMES. What evidence has the Sen-
ator for that?
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Slater frankly admits
that he is in favor of free wool.
Mr. GRIMES. Did he so inform the com-
mittee?
Mr. SHERMAN. I so understood; lie was
in favor of the principle of free wool.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I confess I do not re-
member it.
Mr. SHERMAN. He is opposed to theia-
crease of duty on wool.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What I understood
him to say was that he believed the best thing
for the wool-growers, as well as for the wool
manufacturers, was that manufactures should
be protected and built up, for as they were
established in this country wool-growing would
necessarily prosper. That was his idea. He
said that was the best thing for the wool-
growers in his judgment, and the only way in
which what was desired could be euetftually
accomplished. With regard to this arrange-
ment he said that in his judgment the tariff
as it stood was better.
Mr. SIIEllMAN. And he went on to extol
in the highest terms the tariff of 1857, which
admitted wool free of all duty. He thought
that the most admirable system that could be
devised, because it enabled him to buy his
article without any tariff duty.
Mr. GRIMES. And wool was higher under
it than it has been at other times except dur-
ing the war.
Mr. SHERMAN. While Senators here are
complaining about the duty on wool, it may be
said that there is no other article of production
in the United States of Aincrica the price of
which this day in currency is no higher than
the price before the war in gold. That is the
ease in regard to wool, and it is simply be-
cause it is without reasonable protection, hav-
ing a duty of only four.and a half cents a pound.
If there is not a disposition on the part of the
manufacturer to give to the wool-grower the
same principle of protection that is applied to
his own labor, I would not vote for a tariff bill.
The wool-grower must be without any benefit
of the principle of protection until the manu-
facture is so well established, according to Mr.
Slater's idea, as to bo able to consume all the
wool of this country mixed with what he can
buy cheaper abroad. While that point is being
reached all our flocks and herds would begone,
turned into tallow, and as a matter of course
during the process all our sheep would be
used up.
Mr. WILSON. I object to turning this
whole debate upon Mr. Slater. Mr. Slater is
an eminent manufacturer. He has probably
a large interest in the manufacturing business,
but lie is not alone; two thirds of all the
woolen interests of this country are involved
in this clause of the bill. I have received let-
ters from three ethers recently, very large
manufacturers, eminent men, and I will say to
you what they believe; and they are not alone
in it. They believe that the passage of this
bill will not be for the benefit of the manufac-
turing interest of the country. They prefer the
laws as they now exist. But if this change is
made then tliey ought not to be reduced as
they are. The distinction is this—and 1 want
the Senator from Indiana to understand just
what it means—all goods valued at less than
$1 50, vvhich comprise nearly all the cloths
that make up the dresses of the great mass of
the people, especially of the laboring men of
the country, will be left just as they are in the
bill, forty-five cents a pound and thirty-fivo
per cent, ad valorem; all above $1 50_and less
than two dollars, which embrace the finer arti-
cles, I propose to increase; and those above
two dollars, which will take the more fine and
costly buoadcloths, will pay mot;©, and they
