166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
and the Government, and if the person is not
immediately responsible to the Government,
then by what warrant do you consider a whole
population as guilty of treason, as guilty of
crime, and by what warrant do you undertake
to impose municipal penalties and talk about
punishment for treason ? If hereafter the peo-
ple of Nebraska should rebel, how are they to
be treated ? I have a right here to inquire what
may be the fate of Nebraska. This is not the
only point of time that we are to consider; this
is not the only rebellion of which we are to
take cognizance. The wise man will not con-
fine himself to this particular point; he will
not create precedents or hamper himself with
laws which in the end may come back to tor-
ment the inventor.
■ I have, then, a right to see how this is to
affect the people of Nebraska. The people of
the southern States, who went into rebellion,
want to know to-day how this question is to be
settled. "Whatare we? Are we in the Union
or are we out? Are we held by a direct alle-
giance > to it or are we held by an indirect,
intermediate allegiance? Are we quasi for-
eigners and conquered people, or are we re-
bellious and traitorous citizens, having engaged
in a useless and lawless war against our Gov-
ernment ?'' That is the question which trou-
bles every hearth-stone at the South to-day.
That is the question upon which the Union
hangs, and it is upon the determination of that
question whether the Union shall live or whether
the Union shall die, whether the Union is buried
beyond the power of the hand of resurrection
to give it life, to breathe breath into its body
again, or whether we are now filling up its grave
* with that hollow-sounding voice which indicates
farewell, a last farewell upon the earth to those
we love.
That, Mr. President, I say again, is the great
question. I have an opinion upon that ques-
tion. I have always held it. I have always
supposed it was orthodox. I have always be-
lieved that the Constitution of the United States
was not a compact between States, that it
was not an agreement between States, but that
it was an ordinance of the people, through their
States, by which they created a Government;
that it did not bind sovereignties to do or not
to do certain things; that it did not leave to
sovereignties to determine whether the com-
pact was kept or whether it was broken, but
that it was an instrument which established a
Government with the right to command and
the power to compel obedience, and to which
the citizen owed direct and personal allegiance,
and that if the citizen was guilty of an offense
against it in the shape of levying war, he could
be indicted and convicted of treason. I have
always considered it to be a Governtnent which
had its hand upon the head of the citizen, a
Government which levied taxes upon him with-
out the intervention of his State, which sent
its tax-gatherer into every nook and corner of
the country; he visited every household, he
made his requisitions there as though there
had been no State government at all. As to the
Post Office Department in the several States, it
was immediately and directly in contact with
the people. As to the bankrupt laws in the
several States it was immediately and directly
in contact with them. It was in contact with
them because it was the organ of peace and
war. It was the organ through* which their
relations with foreign countries were made,
held, and maintained. It was, in short, Mr.
President, a Government distinct and inde-
pendent from the States, and able to exist
without the States except as to this body.
_Mr. SAULSBURY. Will my honorable
friend from Pennsylvania allow me to ask him
a question ?
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBUIIY. I propose to ask a
question of the honorable Senator, because I
intend to discuss this question at some future
day myself, and I wish to be enlightened by
his superior wisdom. I ask the honorable
Senator this question: when one of the south-
ern States seceded from the Union and estab-
lished an independent government, professedly
independent and having the power to protect
its citizens against the consequences of dis-
obedience to the Federal Government, and the
Federal Government not having the power to
afford them protection, or failing to do so, did
a citizen of one of those States, yielding obe-
dience to the commands of his State under
those circumstances, thereby incur the penal-
ties of the crime of treason against the Federal
Government?
Mr. COWAN. Certainly not, Mr. Presi-
dent, no more than he would have incurred
those penalties if he had been a citizen of a
foreign State, no more than a citizen of Canada
would have incurred them.
Mr. HOWARD. Who, then, did commit
treason in a State?
Mr. COWAN. Those who could have been
protected, only those; and I beg the country
to note it, and I beg the country to observe
that there is where they must come sooner or
later.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose they defied all
protection, and did not ask for it at all, who
then committed treason?
Mr. COWAN. They committed treason
who defied protection, of course. But why
should the honorable Senator ask me that?
Why should he attempt to traverse my answer
in that way? I say to the honorable Senator
that they who committed treason against the
United States Government in levying war
against it were those who made war against
it, who conspired to make war against it, when
they were not under the exclusive authority
of a State government which had the power to
compel their obedience, and when they were
not acting under her commands, and when,
at the time, the United States Government
was_ upon the ground, and ready, able, and
willing to protect them.
Mr. HOWE. How is it with prisoners of
war who were taken by the rebels, reduced to
their sole control and authority: would they
be justified in changing their flag and enlisting
in the rebel forces?
Mr. COWAN. If they were compelled. I
believe at one time in his life the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin was a judge, and I
have no doubt a very good one; at least I am
perfectly free to say that T should like to have
tried cases before him. Now, let me suppose
the honorable Senator presiding as a judge
upon the trial of one of our soldiers taken pris-
oner by-the rebels and compelled to bear arms
against his country, would he allow him to be
convicted of treason? To simply state the
question is to answer it.
Mr. HOWE. I am so much of a judge yet
that I think S can answer that question on the
spot if it is submitted to me now.
Mr. COWAN. I have no doubt about it.
Mr. IIOWE. I'would never hold any man
guilty of treason for doing anything that he
was compelled to do; but while that answers
the question of the gentleman, I think it is fair
to say that I hold it to be the duty of every
citizen of the United States to die before he
takes arms against his country.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I bow in
humble submission before the superior cour-
age, patriotism, and magnanimity of the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin—
"To die, and go we know not where;
To lie in eohj^ibstruction, and to rot''—
—the gentleman has not thought of death!
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator will allow me,
I wish to say that I imposed that duty only
upon those honest citizens of the United States,
all of whom know where they are to go when
they die, not upon those who do not know
where they are to go. [Laughter.]
Mr. COWAN. Then the honorable Senator
has news from that—
" Undiscovered country, from whose bourn
No traveler returns."
Mr. HOWE rose.
Mr. COWAN. Oh, no! I beg pardon now.
There is such a thing as "too mueh of a good
thing," you know. If the honorable Senator
has reduced it to a certainty, I congratulate
him, and I congratulate all the citizens to
whom he addresses himself. All those who
are elected and who are confirmed in the feith
of course know where they are going exactly.
Mr. WABB. I wish you would not forget
Nebraska. [Laughter.] '
Mr. COWAN. Well, I will come back to
Nebraska directly.
Now, Mr. President, one word in regard to
the law on this subject. It is certainly within
the reach of any honorable Senator here to
ascertain exactly what that is. There cannot
be a doubt about it, because it is not only the
law, but it is the common reason of man with-
out which (unless we belong to such a perfect
class of beings as my honorable friend from
Wisconsin and those whom he apostrophizes,
who would die in their tracks rather than fal-
ter) it would be impossible to get on. Until
we come to that stage, I can say to the honor-.
able Senator that the law is that where a man
does owe direct, immediate allegiance, and
where he acknowledges that he owes it, he has
a right, a corresponding and reciprocal right,
to demand from his Government to whom he
owes it that it shall protect him, and that it
shall _not_ leave him to be overridden by any
organization whatever; that it shall not leave
him to be overridden by a State organization,
by a county organization, by an organization
of Knights of the Golden Circle, by an organi-
zation of precipitators, by an organization of
minute-men, or any other kind of men, but that
that Government is bound and it is the main
object of its creation to be there ready to pro-
tect him if he. refuses to obey that usurped
power which attempts to command him.
_ Why not? What is the object of the crea-
tion of Government? What is it for? For
what is it that I along with the rest of us agreed
to establish a central Government, to pay taxes,
and to clothe men with authority over us ? It
is that they may stand sentinel over our rights;
that there is a fixed, permanent organization to
which the citizens are pledged and agreed; and
that the moment any other and adverse orga-
nization, no matter where it comes from, no
matter by whom originated, makes its appear-
ance, the Government which we have instituted
for our protection, knowing that we as single
men cannot contend against organizations, is
bound to put it down and to protect us. But
who ever heard of a man who was compelled
to obey a usurping organization, compelled
because that organization might have hanged
him had he resisted its decree, being subjected
to punishment for that enforced obedience
when the legitimate power camc into possession
of the scepter? To assert such a thing in a
court of justicc is to assert an absurdity and to
make a man ridiculous, not only in the eye of
the law, but in the eye of the jury.
Then, in answer to the question who com-
mitted treason in the late war, I say they
committed treason who, when they were not
commanded by a State and when they were in
a position where a State could not compel them
to obey, made war upon the United States at-a
time when the United States could afford them
protection. They were the persons who com-
mitted treason, and net those who acted in
other circumstances ; that is according to my
theory, according to the northern theory,
according to the WVbsterian theory as against
the Calhoun theory, according to the theory of
the sovereignty of the Union, not according to
the State sovereignty theory. If you adopt
the State sovereignty theory, as I think my
Radical friends have adopted it everywhere,
then no inhabitant of a State can commit
treason after the State herself determines to
dissolve the connection between herself and
the General Government.
I have contended on this floor uniformly that
the tie of allegiance was direct between the
General Government and the citizen, and that
while the citizen owed allegiance to the Gen-
eral Government the General Government
owed him protection; that if the citizen was
charged with a crime he was entitled to pro-
