1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1-67
tection. What is that protection ? The protec-
tion of the citizen is that when he is "charged
with a crime he has a right to be tried by due
process of law. I have ' been taught 'from
infancy—I never heard it disputed—that in
that consisted American liberty. What is it
that makes Great Britain to-day proud, re-
splendent, and free above all the nations of the
earth 1 It is the same thing which gave to the
Roman citizen in the time of Paul the right of
what ?—protection in return for his allegiance.
Who .dares Scourge an Englishman? Who
dires or ought to dare to-day touch an Ameri-
can citizen except in pursuance of the judg-
ment of the law? I say to Senators that when-
ever they admit away and give up this great
fundamental principle of their Government,
they are recreant to their country, recreant to
the sires that gave them being, recreant to
their history, recreant to their traditions, and
recreant to everything that ought to ennoble
and give us a place among the nations.
Then, I say that wherever direct allegiance
is owing, the person owing it is directly respon-
sible. If the allegiance between citizens of the
rebellious States and this General Government
was direct and immediate, you have no right,
you can have no right, to impose any penalties
upon them except in pursuance of law ; and
all your talk about States committing suicide
or forfeiting their rights is Calhounism, is nulli-
ficationism, is secessionism, is State sovereign-
tyism in its very worst ismatic form. It cannot
be. If I owe direct allegiance to a Government
and I am charged with a crime, the very first
question is am I guilty; and whether I am
. guilty or not, if I owe allegiance to the Gov-
ernment, the Government is bound to protect
me in the trial of that issue. Now, I ask my
honorable friend from Wisconsin whether that
is not good law; whether that is not part of
the protection which is the reciprocal quid pro
quo for the allegiance ? Have I not a right to
come up to my Government face to face and
say, "lou allege that I have committed a
crime ; now I demand of you if I owe you
allegiance that you shall give me protection."
What protection? Protection until the issue
of fact is tried. If it is not that, what is it ? If
ifdoes not mean that, what does it mean ? If
it does not mean that, where is liberty, where
is security? If any Senator on this floor is
charged with an offense by the United States
Government, has he not a right because of his
allegiance to say to that Government, "lean-
not be put upon trial until I am first indicted
by a grand jury, and no penalty can be imposed
upon me until a petit jury under the instruc-
tion of a judge learned in the law finds me
guilty; and even then no penalty can be im-
posed beyond that which you yourself affixed
to this offense before the offense was com-
mitted. ''
Mr. HOWE. The Senator addressed a ques-
tion to me just now which I should answer if I
felt at liberty to engage in the debate with him,
but I cannot consent to be catechized and then
be stopped in the answer. If the Senator
wants me to answer specific questions he must
allow me to do so.
Mr. COWAN. Now, Mr. President, I will
come to Nebraska. This Union is composed
now, I believe, of thirty-six States according
to one theory and twenty-six according to an-
other. It is utterly and totally immaterial to
me for the present argument which of these
two hypotheses is adopted. The reasons which
I shall offer I think are potent to show that the
people of the Territory of Nebraska are not a
State now and have no good reason to present
why they should become a State, while there
are a great many very good ones to show why
they should not be so.
Mr. President, when the Union was first
formed it was composed of great States and
small States ; but it being a matter of great
importance that it should be formed, a matter
of paramount importance, indeed, remarkable
concessions were made to the small States,
made to the State which you, sir, [Mr. An-
THOSi in the rhaiv,] so ably and honorably
represent here, one of the smallest in the
Union—made to the State which my hon-
orable friend on the other side [Mr. Sauls-
bttby] so eloquently and forcibly represents
here at times—great concessions made to Rhode
Island and made to Delaware. Although small
States, weighing nothing in the greatscale com-
pared with Pennsylvania, Virginia, New York,
and others, yet it was conceded to them that
upon this floor they should have an equal status
with the greatest, or in other words, that they
should have an eqnal representation in the
Senate with the great States. That was a con-
cession to procure the formation of the Union;
but it imposed no obligation upon the States
of the Union afterward to admit insignificant
members upon the same terms. Nobody will
pretend that if Nova Scotia, or a part of Nova
Scotia, or a part of Canada fifty miles square
with one hundred thousand inhabitants had
come forward and proposed to ask admission
into the Union the States would have been
bound to admit her. Because we made that
concession to your State, Mr. President, be-
cause wc gave it to other small States, it is by
no means a sequitur that we shall give it to every
insignificant fraction of people who come here
in these troubled times to seek for power so
momentous as this is.
■ Then I say we are perfectly free; we are not
bound by precedent; we are not bound by any
obligation to admit the people of Nebraska to
the privileges of a State at this time. It is
wholly a question of policy, and another ques-
tion to which I call the attention of some of
my Radical friends, a question of fairness. I
believe that they plant themselves now entirely
and totally upon the ground of fairness. The
Constitution is to be overridden where it is in
the way, laws are to be set aside, everything is
to be made to yield to the question of fairness.
Well, I propose, first, to look at it upon the
question of fairness.
What is there fair in it ? Is it fair that eighty-
eight thousand people—and for the sake of
making it better and so that I may not misrep-
resent my honorable friend from Ohio, I will
say one hundred thousand all the way through
—is it fair that one hundred thousand people
should have the same right upon the floor of
this Senate that three million people have or
that four million people have? I ask is it
right? Can any man say that that is fair? It
is so far from fair that is absolutely preposter-
ous ; it is presuming.
And, Mr. President, let me say to you an-
other thing. The questions which interest
and which agitate the great States are not felt
in the smaller and particularly in the far west-
ern States. It is utterly and totally immaterial
to Nebraska how she may vote on some great
questions involving the very safety of the Union;
whereas it is matter of most momentous issue
to Pennsylvania, to Maryland, to Virginia.
Take if you please the question of negro suf-
frage, which now agitates the country from one
end to the other; what do the people of Ne-
braska care about negro suffrage in their Terri-
tory? Is that the Territory where there was
only one negro to agitate this matter, and since
that he has died? I do not know whether that
is the Territory or not, but we have heard of
such a Territory about which there was a great
ado that the negro ought to vote, and it turned
out that there was only one negro in it; and
before the question was decided here in the
Senate he had died, and that settled it. [Laugh-
ter.] I say what possible degree of interest
could the people of Nebraska take in the ques-
tion whether negroes voted or not? Even in
Boston they had not enough the other day,
when they turned over with the Democrats, to
give them a majority as I understand. Even
in Boston, where the negro is such a favorite
thdl he is taken and cooked and caudled, and
tried to be whitewashed and made into some-
body, and where he is elected to the Legisla-
ture and all that—even in that attractive spot
where one would suppose every hungry, thirsty
Ethiopian, who was " stretching out his hands
to God," would go—even there they have not
enough to give the Democrats a majority when
they vote with them.
But Nebraska! Why, Mr. President, the
question whether the negro should vote in Ne-
braska is of no moment whatever. I question
whether there are a dozen men in the Terri-
tory that wouI9 snap their fingers for the dif-
ference whether they did or did not vote, because
whether they did or no the effect produced
would be inappreciable. But when the qaesr
tion comes to the District of Columbia, when
it comes to the State of Maryland, when it
comes to the State of Virginia and the south-
ern States, then it does become a question,
and one of great import—a very different ques-
tion from that which it is supposed to be here.
Gentlemen upon this floor voted the other day
to give the negro suffrage in the District of
Columbia because they said he was entitled to
his share in the Government. It is not a share,
it is a question whether he or the whites shall
rule. It is not a question whether they shall
rule jointly; it not a question whether one shall
rule in part and the other in part; but it is a
question which of the two races Shall rule.
Does any man believe that in this District or
in any of the southern States, or where negroes
are very abundant, where there is any chance
of competing with the whites, but where if they
had the majority they would rule; and does
any man doubt but that where ^hey have not
the majority the whites will rule? To say oth-
erwise is to ignore the whole history of affairs.
Do you suppose that the negro would not de-
prive the white man of a vote in the District
of Columbia if he had the chance? Why not?
I only compliment his good sense when I ask
why not? Certainly he should, because he
knows, even the instincts of a semi-barbarian
will teach him, that this is a question not of
sharing dominion, but it is a question as to
which shall have dominion.
Then I say as to the other States of this
Union these are important questions, most
important, vital, lying at the very base and
foundation not only of their society, but of the
organization of that society and the happiness
of the people. Who shall decide them? Peo-
ple who are not interested or people who are;
people who are in sympathy with those in con-
tact with the evil or people who have never
felt the evil and who know nothing of it, and
who are moved merely by political theory and
political hypothesis and party bias.
Wherever these questions arise it becomes
of the utmost importance to the older States,
and I say to New England look well to your
borders; you -may be cooking a kettle of fish
that you will not be willing to eat yourselves,
by creating corporations of this kind. How
many of these people are there? A hundred
thousand people 1 have agreed to set them
down. Suppose there are a hundred thousand
American citizens in Nebraska, you ask have
they not a right to be represented. I say,
certainly, under certain circumstances. But
look to the State of New York which has
four million people; two million of those
people have no representatives on this floor.
Your system does not provide for the repre-
sentation of minorities. Who represents the
minority of New England on this floor? Are
the hundred thousand people in Nebraska to-
day better than the one million of people in
New England who are not represented here?
Have they rights higher, holier, more sacred?
And yet who represents those minorities? Who
represents the minority in New York, I ask
again? Who represents it in Rhode Island?
Who represents it in New Jersey now? Who
represents it in Ohio ? Who represents it in
Illinois? Who represents it in Missouri? You
talk about representation and you talk about
fairness; but if you come to count the millions
that are unrepresented here, your claim for
Nebraska will sink infinitesimally into the
distance ; it will be invisible; it will be what
mathematicians call a vanishing point; you
will see no more of it.
Now, I ask, when there are millions of
people of intense beliefs, of the same rights in
