168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
this country, upon whom the same burdens are
imposed, who have to bear your arms in the
field of battle, who have to pay your taxes, and
who have to obey the laws you make, and who
are yet totally unrepresented here, with what
faGe can a man come on this floor and ask
for power here to be given to eighty-eight
or one hundred thousand people in Nebraska?
That is not the worst of it. It is not a hun-
dred thousand people in Nebraska, but it is
fifty thousand plus one hundred out of that one
hundred thousand. Pennsylvania as well as
New England is very much interested upon
tie question of a protective tariff. I believe
the State of Ohio wants a protective tariff.
N<Jw, what would you think, sir, if the whole
system of protection and non-protection, of
free-trade or the American system, were to be
put into the balances-and the protective system
should kick the beam because the Senators
from Nebraska were thrown in? What would
you think of it when you came to ask why they
did it? Perhaps they would say, " We do not
know; we cannot give any particular reason
except that we have a great Territory there
and not very many roads; we want to build
railroads and get iron as cheap as possible and
therefore we go for free trade."
What would Pennsylvania say to that? What
would Ohio say to that? What would all the
protective States say to that? And yet that
may be. It is very well known here that many
gentlemen from the western States—I do not
quarrel with them, I do not think hard of
them—are free-traders. They are opposed to
protection because they conceive it to be a
hardship upon them as they are agricultural
States, and they will resist it. Will Nebraska
be with them, or will it be with the Atlantic
States ? I might apply to my honorable friend
from Rhode Island, not in the chair, [Mr.
Sprague,] who talks "tariff" very often,
whether he had not better have an eye to this
and see about it. It is not a question of to-day.
My honorable friend from Ohio says that the
men who .come here to represent Nebraska
to-day are clever fellows. I have no doubt
of that; and there are clever fellows enough
in the country to make up a thousand such
Senates as this if that were a qualification. I
can find clever fellows everywhere. I have no
doubt these are clever gentlemen. And he
gays some of them have fought for the country
during the war. There is nobody willing to
Eay to them a higher compliment than I would
e for that. But what has all that to do with
the question ? Just nothing at all. The ques-
tion is whether there is any fairness in this
demand, in the first place, and in the second
place whether there is any danger in it to the
older States ; whether there is any danger in
it to large unrepresented minorities in the
country; whether there is auy danger in it to
great interests in the country of whom these
Representatives may not have charge.
I was exceedingly anxious to hear my hon-
orable friend from Ohio tell us why it was that
the people of this Territory should be-consti-
tuted into a State, what was the necessity for
it, what grievance they labored under. Have
they no executive ? Have they no Legislature ?
Have they not a Legislature of their own elec-
tion ? Have they no courts ? Have they com-
plained that the laws are not equal, that they
are not just? Have they complained that the
laws are not administered, or not administered
properly? Not at all. There has not been a
word uttered here, not a word from the begin-
ning to the end of this debate, which bore upon
the question as to whether a State government
was necessary there or not. Nobody has pre-
tended that the people in the Territory of Ne-
braska are not living as happily, and in the
enjoyment of their rights, with the laws ad-
ministered just as well as they are in any State
in the Union. Nobody has said so. But the
honorable Senator from Ohio, fail-, just man,
always desirous to have something at least
plausible to throw into the scale in order to
show the necessity for a State government there,
lias given us what he calls a reason. Now I
December 18,
beg Senators to listen. What is the reason that
there must be a State government in Nebraska,
and why can they not get along just as well
under a territorial government as heretofore,
particularly in this disturbed state of the coun-
try when balances of power are beginning to be
of the utmost importance everywhere, and since
it is avowed almost on this floor that these men
are to be admitted here in order to strengthen
still more the great excess of power now m the
hands of the dominant party ? My honorable
friend says at the outstart of his speech :
"Now, Mr. President, one reason"—
And it is the only reason he gives; whether
there are any others I do not know—
" Now, Mr. President, one reason why the Territory
of Nebraska should be very soon admitted as a State
is that the land thero is being taken up by your
college scrip, by your railroad grants, &c. In vari-
ous ways the land is being all absorbed, so that if.
we leave it a little while longer exposed in this way,
we shall not have the power to give to the State for
school purposes and for various other purposes those
grants which we have uniformly made to new
States on their admission into the Union."
That is the reason why the Congress of the
United States should create this corporation
equal in power here on the floor of the Senate
to New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Illinois, at
the beck and bidding of fifty thousand people
plus one hundred out of one hundred thousand.
Had the honorable Senator no better reason ?
Is that the reason why Nebraska should be a
State? Is that the pressing necessity which
induces the people to divide the crown and
scepter with this handful of men? I am not
the chairman of the Committee on Territories
nor the chairman of any other committee; but
I think that if I was I could have devised a
mode by which the people of Nebraska could
have been well protected against this impending
evil. Was it out of the reach of my honorable
friend's legal acumen and stretch and sagacity
to give them a remedy? I should think not.
I believe he was a Republican as I was, and
we held that Congress had supreme authority
over the Territories to fix their status while
they were Territories. That was our doctrine.
I think we could have saved their lands, we
could have protected their people so far as the
interest of the school and the church, or any
other that we chose to subserve might be in-
volved ; we could have saved all that without
this extraordinary stretch of power on our part.
Mr. Presi4ent, I do not know that anything
I can say is to have any weight here upon the
determination of this question; but I have felt
it my duty to my own State and to the unrep-
resented minorities of other States to invoke
on the part of the Senate a calm, careful ex-
amination of questions of this character. If it
became necessary to insure the liberty, the
freedom of the people, and the proper admin-
istration of the law in Nebraska that these one
hundred thousand people should be endowed
with the corporate powers of a State, I should
not object to trying it; but, Mr. President,
there is another thing to be considered, and it
is a thing upon which we cannot turn our backs
here. Why is it that the people of Nebraska
want a State ? Does any sane man suppose
that it is because they cannot get school lands
and college lands, and that somebody will appro
priate them with scrip here and scrip there ?
Not at all. We know that in all these Terri-
tories there are politicians, and we know that
these politicians are exceedingly anxious to
have a State. Why? Because, in that tri-
umphal and sovereign car of the State ride
Senators and members of Congress, ride power
and dominion ; rides, in other words, a State ;
rides New York, rides Pennsylvania, rides
Ohio, and as well ride Nebraska and Colorado.
Think of it! These are high stakes to be
played for, and here is the swcat-cloth in
which they are won, in this Senate.  
Now, Mr. President, so far as compliment
is concerned, so far as gratifying a laudable
ambition is concerned, so far as doinganything
to accommodate a clever fellow is concerned,
I think I have always been willing and am
willing now to go as far as anybody else; but
I ask the Senate not to admit Nebraska upon
this showing, not to think of it, not to think
of the eloquent blandishments with which those
who come here to electioneer for her ad-
mission assail you, but to think of the duty we
owe to the Union and the rest of the States, to
our own States, and to ourselves.
Mr. President, in some of its aspects I can-
not conceive liow anybody in the present cir-
cumstances of the nation, in the situation in
which we find ourselves, can with any kind of
face come here and ask us to bestow this boon
upon that little kfiot of people who reside ia
Nebraska for no reason in the world, no reason
pertinent to their welfere, no reason pertinent
to the existence of tie Union, but every reason
calling us to act the other way. It has not the
poor apology of being needed to give the dom-
inant party a preponderating majority in this
body; it is not needed in the other body. I
could understand why partisans, why ambitious
politicians should desire to possess a two-thirds
majority here which would override a Presi-
dent's veto. I can understand why people
would want to have that; but why want more
than that at such a cost and at such hazard to
such important interests I cannot conceive.
If my Radical friends had not that two thirds
already well assured, three to one, indeed, then
I could understand why they should desiro to
add a compeer or two in order to aid them to
supplement their weakness. But what is it for
here? Surely they cannot be moved by con-
siderations of that kind.
Mr. President, I do not know whether it is
in order to amend the amendment of the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri, but I believe
it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthost
in the chair.) It is in order.
Mr. COWAN. Then I propose to amend it,
and I propose to amend it in a point vital as
we have supposed—I do not know whether it
is or not—to this Union; vital to its very exist-
ence. I propose to settle the question of the
right to secede on the part of a State. Admit
Nebraska to-morrow on-the bill as it stands
and you leave the question open. If you are
to stipulate at all with her, now is the time to
stipulate. Therefore, Mr. President, I shall
move the following amendment to be added to
the amendment of the Senator from Missouri:
Provided, and it is hereby distinctly understood. That
the people of the Territory of Nebraska when admit-
ted as a State into the Union shall owe direct and
personal allegiance, each one of them, to the Govern-
ment of the United States; and that the said Stato
of Nebraska shall not hereafter claim to have pow*
or authority to convert the citizens of said State into
foreigners or alien enemies, so that they may as a con-
sequence of crime be held and considered as such.
We have heard a great deal about settling
the question of secession and the right to
secede and all that kind of thing. If this is
made a condition on the admission ofNebraska,
and it is expressly understood and provided
so here, then there is an end of it; then on
no pretext whatever can this State hereafter
sot up any claim or right io secede or right to
control her citizens outside of the Union or
to relieve them from their allegiance to the
Union. I therefore offer the amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, ! do not
propose to discuss the constitutional amend-
ment which has been submitted by Congress
to the several States; nor do I propose to dis-
cuss at the present time the policy of the
Government toward the States of the South,
My purpose is in a very few words to give my
opinions upon the precise questions which are
pending before the Senate.
The Senator from Missouri proposes as an
amendment to the bill for the admission of
Nebraska, a fundamental condition to be ac-
cepted by the people of Nebraska which shall
forever prevent the State of Nebraska from dis-
franchising any person on account ' f t-olor,
and shall secure that all shall be .lermitied to
exercise the elective franchise. And he cites
as a preeedentthe ease of Missouri. Now, Mr.
President, in my judgment, and with all due
respect to my honorable friend, that case is no
