1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
im
precedent at all, and for this simple reason: the
constitution of Missouri wheti it asked admis-
sion contained a clause directly in hostility to
the Constitution of the United States, and
therefore &e Congress of thfe United States
insisted that that clause in the constitution of
the State of Missouri which was in hostility to
the Constitution of the "United States should
be forever declare4 null and void and the State
should never Undertake to ^enfor'ce it. But, sir,
what he now proposes to attach to the bill for
tiie admission of Nebraska is a yery different
thing; H-e does no't propose to strike from
the constitution of Nebraska a section which
is in hostility to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. It is a section which the Consti-
tution of the United States expressly permits.
That 5s the difference. What Congress forbade
to Missouri was something in violation of the
Constitution of the United -States. What he
sfeeks to forbid to Nebraska is that which the
Constitution of the United States expressly
permits, because the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States as it is certainly allows the several
States to define the qualification of electors,
and all of the States in the exercise of that
power have imposed qualifications, sometimes
of property and sometimes of race and color.
And, Mr. President, not only is the proposi-
tion of my friend from Missouri to attaeh a
fundamental condition which is in hostility to
the Constitution of the United States as it is,
but is in hostility, also, to the Constitution of
the United States as it is proposed to be
amended by the very amendment which is now
pending before the Legislatures of the several
States. This constitutional amendment, which
was submitted by Congress last summer, in the
second section ill express words implies this
power in the several States, because the second
section expressly says:
" When the right to vote at any election for the
choice of electors for President and Vice President
of the United States, Representatives in Congress,
the executive and judicial officers of a State, or the
members of the Legislature thereof, is denied to any
of the male inhabitants of such State being twenty-
one years of age and a citizen of the United States,
or in any way abridged except for participation in
rebellion or other crime"—
then the basis of representation shall be
changed. That second section of the consti-
tutional amendment, which was submitted by
Congress last summer, which is now pending
before the States, and which, for aught we now
know, may be adopted by a sufficient number
of States to make it a part of the Constitution
of the United States, gives to each State the
very power which this amendment to this bill
denies. Can we do it? Can we do it under
the Constitution as it is ? When the Constitu-
tion as it is gives to each State the power to
define the qualification of its electors can we.,
the Congress of the United States, set up some
fundamental article which shall override the
Constitution ? Can we enter into a compact
with one of the States which will deny to the
State a power which the Constitution gives to
the State? Is Congress above the Constitu-
tion, or is the Constitution above Congress?
Such a provision, in my judgment, will be
perfectly null and void.
Besides, I have one further objection to my
honorable friend's amendment, and it has
nothing to do with the negro question at all.
There are hardly enough negroes in Nebraska
to count. There are probably more than there
were in Montana when we had that question
up. There was but one negro in that Territory
and he had died really before the question was
raised in the Senate. The objection which I
am about to present may grow out of the fact
that I have been connected more or less with
Indian affairs, and hence it is that I think of
the Indian sometimes when he seems to be
entirely forgotten by all the other members of
this body. This proposition of my honorable
friend would confer the right of suffrage on
every Indian in Nebraska. There are Omahas
and Ottoes and Sioux and Cheyennes and
Arapahoes in Nebraska, and in an excited
election had in this new State the Indian agent
or somebody else might bring up the whole
Indian tribes of that Territory under this
amendment and vote them all at an election.
That is a question that does not concern the
negro, and upon which we are not yet so much
ana so deeply interested but that we can ac-
tually see what the result would be. Now, look
at the proposition: he imposes as a funda-
mental article of the constitution of Nebraska
forever that they shall admit every Indian in
that Territory to the exercise of the right of
franchise, fijr it covers the Indian just as much
as it does the negro; it covers all persons; it
forbids the denial of the right of suffrage to aay
person on account of race or color.
Mr. President, that is all I desire to say as
to the present pending amendment of the Sen-
ator from Missouri. I desire to say a single
word in relation to the bill itselfv I gave no-
tice of an intention to introduce an amend-
ment which has no effect upon the constitu-
tion, but is to have effect simply upon the
question of the admission.of the State into the
Union, to wit, that the constitution shall first
be submitted to the people of the Territory
of Nebraska, and if they VQte in favor of its ad-
mission and in favor of the constitution, then,
without any further proceeding on the part of
Congress, by proclamation of the President,
they may be declared admitted into the Union
as one of the States. A similar provision was
adopted in the case of Wisconsin. In one of
the acts passed by Congress for the admission
of Wisconsin it was provided that the consti-
tution should be submitted to the people, and
if ratified by them, then, upon the proclama-
tion of the President, the State should be ad-t
mitted without further action by Congress.
My difficulty in relation to Nebraska is two-
fold. I certainly desire as a representative
of one of the new States to welcome into this
Union all the new States, and indeed I am
willing to welcome the old States into the
Union also, North or South, whenever they
are properly prepared to enter. My difficulty
with Nebraska is twofold; first, we have no
legal evidence before us that the people of
Nebraska desire admission; and secondly, we
have no such evidence btrfbre us as to satisfy
us that Nebraska has yet a sufficient population
to entitle her to admission. What evidence
have we that the people of Nebraska desire
admission? It is true that Congress in 1864
passed an enabling act authorizing the people
of that Territory to elect delegates to form a
constitution, to submit it to the people, and if
adopted by the people they were to be admit-
ted into the Union as one of the States. But,
sir, instead of their forming a constitution
under this provision of the act of Congress,
they held an election and chose a convention,
and the convention adopted no constitution
and submitted no constitution to the people at
all, because it was found when the convention
was chosen and the delegates came together
that a majority of the delegates were elected
opposed to any constitution at all, and there-
fore they did not act. Certainly they refused
to submit any constitution to the people ; the
convention did not form any constitution.
Mr. WADE. The first meeting did not form
a constitution; but that was not the reason, as
I understood.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understood that to be
the reason; at all events they did not form a
constitution; they did not submit one to the
people ; and therefore the people did not vote
under the law of Congress in favor of a State
constitution. I understood that the reason why
the convention did not form a constitution was
that when they were elected a majority were
elected against any_ constitution. Why did
they not form a constitution if they were elected
to form one and were in favor of it? What
was to hinder? They did not form a consti-
tution because they did not desire to do so,
because the men who elected them did not
desire that they should do so, and therefore the
whole thing failed and the enabling act of
Congress expired.
My friend from Ohio, [Mr. Shermax,] in his
argument the other day, said they proceeded
under the aet of Congress. Not at all. They
proceeded under the aet of Congress in choos-
ing a convention; there they stopped. The
convention submitted no constitution; the
people voted on no constitution under the act
of Congress; but subsequently the Legislature
of the Territory, having no authority from
Congress to do so, formed a constitution and
submitted it to the people, and it is said that
a majority of the people voted in favor of that
constitution. Mow do we know that? ELow
do we know that there is a majority of the
people? It is true they went through the form
of ah election, but that election had no legal
validity. No Man voting at-that election conld
have been punished either for bribery or fraud
or stuffing the ballot-box with illegal votes.
If in any election district a single person had
put in a hundred votes he could not have been
punished. Why? Because it was all without
legal authority ; it had no more legal and 1
binding force than a caueu3 that is called in,
the Territory for the purpose of nominating
men to office. There was no legal, valid,
binding obligation up n the people in the
election, and no man for swearing in his vote,
whether entitled to vote or not, could be made
guilty of perjury. There is no lawyer any-
where who will stand up and say thata man could
be convicted of any crime committed at that
election. Therefore when thev come here
with a statement that upoa.aa Election thus
held, entirely .jvithout the authority of law,
there was a bare majority of one hundred
Votes, I say that I have no sufficient evidence
to satisfy me that, a majority of that people
desired to adopt a constitution or to be admit-
ted as a State into the Union.
In addition to this, and what has thrown in
my judgment some still further doubUipon this
point, is the statements which were made at the
last session of Congress by gentlemen who said
—and one of the officers was here to make the
statement—that at Fort Kearney, in the Terri-
tory of Nebraska, there were two companies of
troops belonging to the State of Iowa who voted
at this very election thus informally submitted
to the people of Nebraska. You could not
punish the troops for voting illegally. There
was no sanction of law about it that could be
enforced against them. These facts being
stated, together with other things which have
•been generally charged, that at the election
there were frauds committed, and where there
was no law to punish them they have thrown
over this question a doubt, and a serious doubt
in my mind, whether we have any such kind of
evidence as to satisfy us that the people of
Nebraska desire admission intotheUnion, and
to assume the burdens of a State government.
Mr. President, a word further in relation to
the population of the Territory. I admit that
some circumstances have occurred tending to
increase the population since the last session
of Congress. There has been in process of
construction a railroad two or three hundred
miles in this Territory of Nebraska. Undoubt-
edly that lias carried a considerable population
into the Territory of Nebraska; and doubtless
there are ten or twelve or fifteen thousand inhab-
itants more in the Territory now than there
were when. this question was before us at the
last session; but when it was before us at the
last session, taking all the evidence we had
upon the subject, we could not reasonably con-
clude that there were over forty-five thousand
inhabitants in the Territory of Nebraska, judg-
ing from the number of votes which were given
at the several elections; and if you take the
number of votes which were given at this elec-
tion, which I think was about ten thousand 
Mr. JOHNSON. Nine thousand.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Nine thousand. How
much population does a vote of nine thousand
show to exist in a State or Territory? If you
go into the eastern States, where the voting
population is not so large in proportion to the
non-voting population as it is in the western
States, I suppose it would be fair to say that
there is about one voter in seven of the popu-
lation. If you go to the States further west,
