1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1009
the Congress of the United States, charged
with the duty of legislating for the advance-
ment of the great interests of the country, the
discussion of a measure like this degenerates
into a mere struggle of sectional interests, I
almost despair ot' any wise legislation on this
subject. 1 might as well suppose the blood
that (lows from the heart was intended only for
a single limb as to suppose we are enacting a
a bill for the special protection of the North
or the South, the East or the West; that we
are not legislating for the benefit of the inter-
ests of all the States and for all our industrial
interests alike. It is really very melancholy
to hear gentlemen charging upon each other
that they are only for sectional interests and
sectional protection. Why, sir, do gentlemen
forget when we protect the manufactures
of the East we protect the great consumers
of the grain and other raw materials of the
West; that when we promote the manufactur-
ing interests of the East we at the same time
promote the great interests of the middle and
western States? The former afford markets
for the products of the latter within our own
limits. Do gentleman wish to transfer their
markets three thousand miles off, and to sell
to the laborers of Europe instead of to our
own laborers at home ?
Why is it we hear of the interests of New
York or New England? It is the interest of
America we are talking about. If we were to
continue adequate protection a few years
longer our markets would be enlarged. With
the vast water power of the West we would
have manufactures established there to con-
sume the products of the country, instead of
now sending them abroad. I need not point
gentlemen who have read history to this. We
have seen England from a country that had no
commerce and no manufactures by this system
of protection break down Holland and sweep
her fleets from the ocean, until now to repeal
her protection laws is protection to that very
country. This has been the result of the
grand navigatipn act and the protection laws
of England. England never passed a more
protective measure than when she repealed
her protective laws ; for she had got to that
point when she could manufacture for the
whole world, and if she could only hold the
Governments of the world where they then
were she would furnish them with all her
products, for those of no other nation could
stand in competition with her. Until she
found herself able to compete with continental
Europe she had a tax of two per cent, upon
coal and iron, but when she had surpassed all
competition she took off that duty. All this
cry of free trade means protection for Eng-
land, and she knows it. We need not go back
in her history to the time of Cromwell to learn
what great results this system of protection
now advocated here has done for the English
manufacturers. Ifgentlemcnever heard Henry
Clay, they would be satisfied with the truth
of what I say.
[Here the hammer fell.]
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee here informally rose.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had indefinitely postponed House
bill No. 2, to ameud an act declaring the offi-
cer who shall act as President of the United
States in case of vacancies in the office both
of President and Vice President, approved
March 1, 1792.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed House bill No. 1220, to provide ways
and means l'or the payment of compound-in-
terest notes, with an amendment, in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
TARIFF BILL AGAIN.
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. LE BLOND. Mr. Chairman, the gen-
tlemen from Pennsylvania talks fcbly on this
proposition, but he fails to tell this House what
rates of dnty ive're established under the British
tariff of which he speaks. I venture to say
Great. Britain never yet had a tariff with a rate
of duties as high as the one now proposed in
this House ; and when he speaks of Henry Clay
being in favor of a protective tariff I will only
reply it was far short of this one. Sir, as I said
before, when you levy a duty for revenue alone,
which I conceive is necessary for this and all
other Governments to carry them on, that of
itself furnishes plenty of protection for the
manufacturing interests.
But, sir, the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] undertakes to put his argument
and the ground upon which this bill is to pass
upon patriotism. He who is in favor of his
country, he would say, and substantially said,
would be in favor of such a bill as this. Sir,
I pretend to say that the argument which the
! gentleman makes simply sounds in your pocket,
and in nothing else. It sounds only in the dol-
lars and cents of the particular locality he
seeks to represent. Sir, the man who favors
his country is the man who favors such laws,
and sach rules and regulations as will benefit
the greatest number of the American people,
and secure the greatest amount of production
and wealth ; not he who is in favor of guard-
ing these monopolies and giving them all they
dare to ask for. Sir, I envy not the man who
dares to stand up in the American Congress
and say that he will levy a tax upon the con-
suming interests of this country, represented
by the millions, in favor of the manufacturing
interests in a particular locality up in New
1 England. It is a wrong principle—a principle
j that ought not to prevail in this or any other
I country. The effect of a high protective tariff
! in this country is simply to force a condition
j of things that the country will not be ripe for
] until it becomes populous, until it becomes as
old England has become. Then yon can com-
pete with the manufacturing interests of other
countries without taxing the great mass of the
American people in order to foster any par-
ticular enterprise. That is the true theory.
The gentleman says that the evidence of de-
votion to the country is in the great mass of
the American people bowing down like slaves
and suffering the burden of taxation to be
laid upefn their backs, in order that they may
build up in New England and in the gen-
tleman's district a great monopoly that can
distribute its one hundred and one hundred
and twenty-five per cent. Yet the gentleman
comes in here and reads to this House the
amount of money made by a few importers.
I only wish he had read in connection with
that the amount of profit made by manufac-
turing establishments.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on the amendment
of Mr. Le Blond, to substitute forty for
twenty, and it was agreed to—ayes 64, noes 45.
The question recurred on the amendment
as amended, and it was agreed to.
Mr. MOIIRILL. I move that the commit-
tee rise, for the purpose of terminating debate
upon this section.
Mr. LE BLOND. I hope the motion will
not prevail. There are other amendments
that onght to be made.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope it will not be done.
Mr. MORRILL. If gentlemen resist it I
will withdraw the motion. I supposed gentle-
men had exhausted themselves.
Forty-sixth amendment:
Strikoout "thirty" and insert "forty;" so that it
read:
On flax hackled, known j.s dressed line, forty
dollars per ton.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by strik-
ing out forty and inserting fifty. I do not
mean to be put in a wrong position upon this
bill. I am gratified that my colleague [Mr.
Le Blond] comes to our rescue, so far as
voting is concerned, because there are points
upon which we agree. But I am not to be set
down as a free trader nor as opposed to a pro-
tective tariff in consequence of anything that
is said by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. DawEs.] i am in favor of protection; in
favor of these impost duties being laid in such
a way and with such discriminations as that
they may afford protection to all the industrial
interests and pursuits of the country. What
I contend for is that they shall be relatively
right; that we shall have comparatively the
same benefits that others have.
Now, sir, why do I propose to put up (as we
have already done, to a certain extent, with
one of these articles) the tariff upon this raw
material ? Because-, as I said before, we pro-
duce it in the country. What do the commit-
tee allow us? It is eighteen per cent., if you
take all these items upon the raw material,
these foreign fibers brought into the country.
But cast your eye down the pages and after you
have passed through the various kinds of hemp,
flax, flax straw, tow, jute, the moment you
reach Sisal grass, up goes protection. The
manufacturers of this grass are to have thirty
per cent, ad valorem protection, while you
give to the growers of the raw material which
we produce from eight to eighteen per cent.
Is not that a great stretch of liberality ? The
instant you touch the manufacture of one of
these articles then thirty per cent, is little
enough. I know these manufacturers pay five
per cent, tax, bnt what is that tax on this
amount of products 1
But there is a better lesson than that to be
learned. It is well the two things were not put
in juxtaposition, or perhaps gentlemen would
have waked up to the inconsistency. If you
turn over two pages you will come to some
clauses which provide for a tariff upon all the
manufactures of flax, hemp, jute, or other sim-
ilar fibers. Whenever you reach them, what
then ? Are they satisfied with from eight to
eighteen per cent. ? Not at all. Then the
committee put on forty per cent, ad valorem.
Shut out the manufactured article, and then
protect the manufacturer, and let the foreign
fiber come in as cheaply as possible, even
though it breaks down the domestic fiber. Let
gentlemen understand that some of us, at
least, are for protection; that we want a fair
and equal comparative protection. We are
going upon the question of the relative pro-
portion of advantage we get from this bill. I
subscribe to all that has been said by the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] in regard to the principles involved
in this theory of a protective tariff: and he,
unlike other gentlemen, is voting with us upon
this question. He I believe will go so far as
to put a prohibitory duty upon this raw mate-
rial. I would like to see a little of that same
spirit manifested by other protectionists here;
and while they ask us to assist them in giving
reasonable protection to manufactured articles,
they should on their part agree to give ug
protection upon the raw materials, which con-
tribute to make the manufactured articles, as
against those same raw materials brought in
at cheap rates.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I do not understand the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] to entertain,
and did not intend to charge him with enter-
taining, any free-trade opinions. No one in
this House adopts the principle of a protective
tariff and carries it even to the extent of pro-
hibition, whenever it suits a particular interest
of a section, as does the gentleman from Ohio.
It was his colleague over the way [Mr. Ls
Blond] who openly avowed the doctrine of
free trade, and it was to him I was replying ;
and I ask him to answer this question : the coat
he has on his back has got to be made in this
country or on the other side of the water.
Where that coat is made there must be a mill,
and where that mill is there must be capital,
and where that capital is labor must be em-
ployed, and where that mill is there must be a
shoemaker alongside of it, and a tailor and a
hatter; there must be all the industries gath-
ered *onnd it. I ask him whether he would
rather have all these things on the other side
