170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
the middle States, perhaps it would be just to
say there was one in six, and if you go to the
Territories, still further west, it would be just
to say that there was one in five, perhaps one
in four. How much population would you
expect to find where there were nine thousand
voters? In New England you would say you
would find sixty-three thousand. In Ohio you
would say fifty-four thousand. Go still further
west, into Iowa, where the country is newer and
less settled, where there would be about one
voter in five of population, and you will say
that there would be forty-five thousand. Go
into the Territories still further west, where
there are but few women and children, where
the voting population is much larger in propor-
tion to the whole number, and where it would
probably be 6ne in four,' and you might rea-
sonably say thirty-six thousand population in
Nebraska.
I think upon the best evidence we have be-
fore us the population of Nebraska this day
does not exceed fifty thousand, not counting
the Indians. If you count the Indians you
would add twenty thousand more.
These, Mr. President, are my reasons, very
briefly given, without any reference whatever
to the exciting questions which have been
thrown into this debate, and having reference
only to such questions as bear directly upon
the pending question before the Senate, why I
shall feel constrained to vote, first, against the
amendment offered by my friend from Missouri,
and then against the bill. At all events, I shall
not give my consent to the passage of the bill
unless it shall be provided that the constitution
shall be submitted to the people of Nebraska
that we may know that the people of Nebraska
desire to assume the burdens of a State gov-
ernment and are in favor of the constitution.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to say a few words
on the bill now before the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose it is appa-
rent that this bill cannot be disposed of to-
night ; and as it is somewhat important to have
an executive session, I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Michigan yield to the Senator
from Maine?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir, for the purpose
of allowing an executive session to be held.   •
Mr. WADE. I barely wish to give notice
that to-morrow I shall feel it my duty to urge
this matter to a final decision, if I can possi-
bly. I shall insist upon a final vote on the
bill then.
The motion of Mr. FESSENDEN was agreed
to; and after some time spent in executive ses-
sion, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 18,1866k.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. A. Wright, Chaplain at Fort Laramie.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. BAKER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I desire to correct the Journal. The
proceedings of yesterday, as just read by the
Clerk, contain a palpable error. I am repre-
sented as making the motion to lay on the table
the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Iloss] relative to the taxation of
Government bonds. I made no such motion.
I see that according to the report in the Globe
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.Thayer]
made that motion.
Mr. THAYER. The Globe is correct; I
made the motion.
The SPEAKER. The Journal will be cor-
rected.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire also to make a cor-
rection of the Journal. I yesterday, after the
passage of the joint resolution relative to agri-
cultural college scrip, moved to reconsider and
to lay the motion lo rcconsider on the table.
That motion does not appear on the Journal as
read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by
the Clerk that the motion referred to is entered
on the Journal although it was not read.
EVACUATION OP MEXICO.
Mr. ORTH, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested, if not incompatible with the public in-
terest, to communicate to this Hoose copies of all
correspondence on the subject of the evacuation of
Mexico by the French troops which has not here-
tofore been officially published.
The SPEAKER.. This being a call for
executive information, unanimous eonsent is
necessary for its consideration on this day.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
DESTRUCTION OF THE NEW IRONSIDES.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit a resolution, to which I think
there can be no objection, as it relates to a
matter of great importance to the Navy. The
resolution is as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be,
and they are hereby, instructed to inquire into and
report to this House all the facts connected with the
destruction by fire of the iron-clad war steamerNew
Ironsides, on the Delaware river, on the night of the
15th December instant, together with such recom-
mendations by bill or otherwiso as the facts shall in
their judgment demand, with power to send for per-
sons and papers and with leave to report at any time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am in
favor of the adoption of this resolution; but I
should like to hear from the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Braxdegee] a statement of
the facts connected with the destruction of this
magnificent iron-clad, one of the best we ever
had in the Navv.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Mr. Speaker, I shall
make no statement at the present time. It is
very evident to the House that this is a subject
of importance to the Navy; a subject upon
which the House and the country ought to be
informed. I do not think that my friend from
Illinois ought to ask me to make—it certainly
would be indecoroul for me to make—a state-
ment upon ex parte testimony such as comes
through the newspapers.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
Mr. BRANDEGEE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOANS OF REPUBLIC OF MEXICO.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by
unanimous consent, the Committee on the
Judiciary were discharged from the further
consideration of the joint resolution (H. R. No.
168) for the protection of citizens of the United
States in the matter of public loans of the
republic of Mexico, and the same was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
john p. gulick.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Appropriations was
discharged from the further consideration of
the petition of John P. Gulick for compensa-
tion for services rendered to the United States,
and the same was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
CALL OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SPALDING. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER announced as the first busi-
ness in order the call of committees, com-
mencing with the Committee of Elections, for
the presentation of reports.
RAILROAD FROM CALIFORNIA TO NEVADA.
Mr. PRICE, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass, a bill (S. No.
126) granting lands to aid in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line from the city
of Placerville, in the State of California, to
the most feasible point of intersection with the
Pacific railroad in the State of Nevada.
The bill was laid on the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was laid on the
table; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OREGON RAILROAD.
Mr. PRICE, from the same committee, re-
ported back House bill No. 439, granting lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from Puget sound or Admiralty
inlet, in Washington Territory, to the Colum-
bia river, with the recommendation that it do
pass.
The bill provides that B. F. Dennison, F. W.
Pettygrove, Arthur Phinney, Cyrus Walker, G.
A. Meigs, William B. Sinclair, C. C. Phillips,
H. L. Yesler, C. C. Terry, D. Horton, D.
Bagley, Frank Clark, E. R. Rogers, J. B. Web-
ber, Charles Prosch, William W. Miller, D,
Phillips, E. Lander, J. Cushman, S. S. Ford,
J. T. Browning, James Urquahart, A. R. Bur-
bank, Joel Knight, S. W. Brown, H. L. Caples,
C. Lancaster, C. C. Stiles, A. S. Abernethy,
and all persons who shall or mnf be associated
with them, and their successors, be created and
erected into a body corporate and politic, in
deed and in law, by the name, style, and title
of the Washington and-Oregon Railroad Com-
pany, and by that name shall have perpetual
succession, and shall be able to sue and to be
sued, plead and be impleaded, defend and be
defended in all courts of law and equity in the
United States, and may make and have a com-
mon seal; and the corporation is authorized
and empowered to lay out, locate, construct,
furnish, and maintain a railroad and telegraph
upon the most eligible route from Paget sound
or Admiralty inlet to a point on the Columbia
river as near as practicable to and not more
than one mile above. Vancouver City, in Wash-
ington Territory, so as to form a continuous
line of travel and communication with the rail-
road and telegraph authorized to be constructed
by the California and Oregon and the Oregon
and California Railroad Companies, between
Puget sound or Admiraltyinlet, in Washington
Territory, and the Central Pacific railroad, in
California, and upon the same terms, condi-
tions, obligations, and restrictions, and with
the same grants, privileges, rights, and bene-
fits, in all respects whatever, as are conferred
and imposed by this act upon the California and
Oregon companies. The capital stock of the
company shall consist of one hundred thousand
shares of $100 each, transferable as provided
by the by-laws of incorporation. The first meet-
ing of the corporators shall bo held at Olympia,
and be organized by choice of president, secre-
tary, and treasurer, who shall give bond, within
ten months after the passage of this act, and
after two months' notice, to be given in a news-
paper published in Olympia and one published
in Vancouver City, and ten of the members shall
constitute a quorum, and the meeting shall cause
books to be opened at such times and in such
places as they shall determine. And when one
thousand shares shall have been subscribed and
ten per cent, thereon paid into the treasury,
the president and secretary shall appoint a
time and place for meeting of the subscribers
after thirty days' notice in the newspapers of
the time and place of meeting, and such sub-
scribers who shall attend the meeting, either in
person or by proxy, shall then proceed to elect
by ballot not less than ten directors from the
company, who shall have power to elect a
president, vice president, treasurer, and sec-
retary. The board of directors shall take pos
session of all the property of the company.
No person shall be a director who shall not be
the bona fide owner of five shares of stock; the
directors and officers shall hold their offices for
three years. The secretary and treasurer shall
give bonds; and the usual rules and regulations
for the government of the company and trans-
action of its business shall be made by the by-
laws.
