1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
93i
Clurg, McCullough, MeKee, McRuer, Mercur. Moul-
ton, Myers, Niblack, Noeli, O'Neill, Orth, Phelps,
Pike. Pomeroy, Alexander H. Rico, John II. Rice,
Rogers, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Stihvcll, Stokes,
Strouse. Tabor, Thornton, Trimble, Robert T. Van
iiora, Henry-D. Washburn. Welker, Whaley, Ste-
phen F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridse—75.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arncll, James M. Ashley,
Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine, Brandegec, Chanler,
Sidney Clarke, Culver, Dawes. Detrees, Driggrs, Du-
mont, Harris, Hotchkise, Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas
Hubbard. Hulbird, Jones, Kerr, Latham, Leftwich,
Lynch, Miller, Morris, Newell. Patterson, Radford,
Samuel J. Randall, Rollins, Ross, Rousseau, Sco-
ficld Starr. Stevens, Thayer, John L. Thomas, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Andrew H. Ward, Ham-
ilton Ward, Eiihu 15. Washburne, Winfield, and
Wrigrht—44.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired and the bill goes over until the next
private bill day.
captain daniel c. trkwiiitt.
Mr. STOKER I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a joint resolution for the relief of
Captain Daniel C. Trewhitt. It is the same
which I desired to introduce a few days ago,
when the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison |
suggested that the case was covered by general
law, and therefore I did not press the measure
at that time. I find that the general law does
not cover the case.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion was read a first and second time. It pro-
poses to direct the Paymaster General to pay to
Captain Daniel C. Trewhitt, of Tennessee, full
pay for four months' service in the United
States Army as captain and adjutant general
on the staff of Brigadier General James G.
Spear, Tennessee volunteers.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint, resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
straw wrapping-paper.
Mr. KETCHAM, by unanimous consent,
submitted-^the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee of Waysand Moans
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of remov-
ing the internal revenuo tax from straw wrappins-
paper and of placing tho same on the i'roo i 1st, and
that they be permitted to report by bill or otherwise.
leave op absence.
On motion of Mr. TAYLOR, of New York,
leave of absence was granted to Mr. Ciianleis
for one week.
message prom the president.
A message in writing was received from the
President, by Mr. William Cr. Moore, one of
his Secretaries.
schooner alpha.
Mr. HUMPHREY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to grant an American register
to the schooner Alpha; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
milton velzy.
Mr. HUMPHREY also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill for the relief of Milton
Veiny; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
arsenal at st. louis.
Mr. HOGAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to enlarge the United States arsenal
at St. Louis, Missouri; which was read a first
and second time, and ordered to be printed,
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fop.net,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed bills, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested, of the fol-
lowing titles:
An act (S. No. 302) for the relief of the Mer-
cantile Mutual Insurance Company of Now
York;
_ An act (S. No. 537) to amend an act en-
titled ''An act to extend the time for the
reversion to the United States of the lands
granted by Congress to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Amboy, by Hillsdale and
Lansing, to some pomt on or near Traverse
bay, in the State of Michigan, and for the com-
pletion of said road," approved July 8, 18Uti;
and
An_ act (S. No. 27"2) to authorize the cor-
poration of Washington to reduce the width
and improve the avenues and streets of that
city.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had postponed indefinitely a
bill (II. R. No. 819) for the relief of Richard
A. Vervalen and others.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed without amend-
ment a joint resolution (II. R. No. lt!G) for
the relief of certain settlers on the Sioux reser-
vation in the State of Kanzas.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed a bill (II. R. No.
87'i) to regulate the duties of the Clerk of the
House of Representatives in preparing for the
organization of the House, and for other pur-
poses, with an amendment in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on En-
rolled Rills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles, when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (II. R. No. G05) to amend an act to
establish the judicial courts of the United
States, approved September 2-t, 1789;
An act (H. R. No. 710) to punish certain
crimes in relation to the public securities and
curreuey, and for other purposes; and
An act (IT. II. No. 388) to authorize the exten-
sion, construction, and use of a lateral branch
of the Baltimore and Potomac railroad into
and within the District of Columbia.
iowa claims.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the Pres-
ident, transmitting information in response to
resolution of the House respecting the execu-
tion of an act providing for the appointment of a
commission to examine and report on certain
claims of the State of Iowa, approved July 25,
18(56; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
mexico.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a message from the
President, transmitting, in answer to resolu-
tions of the House requesting information of
the present condition of affairs in Mexico and
desiring copies of correspondence on the sub-
ject of the evacuation of Mexico by French
troops not before officially published, a report
from the Secretary of'State; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
ordered to bo printed.
APPOINTMENTS TO OFFICE.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a message from the Presi-
dent, transmitting reports from the heads of the
several Executive Departments containing in-
formation asked for by resolution of the House
in respect to appointments to ofGce, &c.; which,
on motion of Mr. Myers, was referred to the
select Committee on the Civil Service, and
ordered to be printed.
TEA'UJtE OF CIVIL OFFICES.
The SPEAKER announced as the first busi-
ness in order after the morning hour the bill
(S. No. 45v) entitled "An act regulating the
tenure of certain civil offices on which Mr.
Hale was entitled to the floor.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, I do not propose
to speak now on this bill; but I have a propo-
sition to submit to the House.
This is a very important bill both as regards
questions of principle and policy. Its subject
has already been discussed in this House at
very considerable length upon the bill intro-
duced by the gentleman from Pennsylvania^
[Mr. \V illiams.] In view of this fact I do not
deem it necessary that the same time be af-
forded for discussion on the bill as if it were
entirely a new measure. Several gentlemen
are desirous to speak upon it; and the prop-
osition I have to make is that by universal cou-
sent debate be limited to thirty minutes instead
of an hour for each speaker. I am anxious to
bring the measure to a vote, if possible, to-
day.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
it will be understood that no member shall be
entitled to speak more than thirty minutes ou
this bill.
There was no objection.
Mr. HALE. I now yield to the gentleman
from Ohio. [Mr. Finck.]
Mr. FINCK. Mr. Speaker, this bill pro-
poses to take from the executive branch of the
Government a power which has been uninter-
ruptedly exercised by that department from
the commencement of the administration of
General Washington, and expressly recognized
and sanctioned by both the legislative and
judicial departments of the Government since
1789, and ought not to receive the sanction of
this House unless clearly warranted by the
Constitution, and imperatively demanded by
the true interests of the country.
It is a question which should bo considered
and discussed free from all party bias, because
it is a measure which proposes to reverse a
long, well-established, and uninterrupted prac-
tice of the Government, and to substitute in its
place a new system, which is not only to affect
the administration of the executive branch of
this Government by the present Chief Magis-
trate, but also the administrations of future
Presidents.
It is not my purpose, Mr. Speaker, to detain
the House by an examination of the mere de-
tails of this bill, or enter upon'a lengthy or
elaborate discussion of tlio questions involved
in it, but will content myself by stating briefly
some of the reasons why 1 oppose the passage
of this measure.
The material inquiry is, has the President,
under the Constitution, the power to remove
from office in such eases where the tenure ia
not fixed by the Constitution without the con-
currence of the Senate, although the Senate
was required to concur in the appointment?
The provisions of the Constitution relating
to appointments provide that—
"The Incident, shall nominato, and by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate shall appoint,
embassadors other public miui>tcis and consuls,
judges of tho Supremo Court, and all other officers
of tho United States, whoso appointments are not
herein otherwise provided for, and which shall bo
established bylaw; but theConprosa may bylaw vest
tho appointment of such inferior officers, as they think
proper, in tho President alone, in tho courts of law,
or in the heads of Departments.
The President shall have power to fill up all va-
cancies that may happen during tho recess of tho
Senate, by granting commissions, which shall expire
at tho end of their next session."
Now, it is claimed by the advocates of the
bill under consideration, that the words "all
vacancies that may happen" mean only such
vacancies as may happen by accident or casu-
alty, without any agency of the President in
bringing them about. Such, sir, has never been
the construction of these words by any depart-
ment of the Government.
In the act of September 2, 1789, establish-
ing tho Treasury Departmental was provided :
" That whenever the Secretary shall be removed
from office by the President of the United States, or
in any other case of vacancy m tho office, the aSist-
aut shall act," &c.
Thus early was a legislative construction
given to the power of the President to make
removals without the concurrence of the Sen-
ate.
It will be observed that the act of 1789 does
not by express terms confer upon the President
the power to remove the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, but recognizes the existence of such ppwer
in the President, and provides who shall act
in case the President shall remove the Seeiv
