1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1611
and particularly a letter of Lieutenant Colonel Louis
Wagner, of the eisrhty-eighth Pennsylvania volun-
teers, of or about November 14,1864, upon that sub-
ject, and recommending his discharge.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for
executive information, unanimous consent is
necessary for its consideration on this day.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
Mr. ANCONA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all further
debate in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the pending section be closed
in one minute afler its consideration shall have
been resumed.
Mr. THAYER I move to amend so as
only to close debate on the pending paragraph.
That was the understanding on which the com-
mittee rose.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the House should
close debate on this paragraph or section now,
will it be open for debate when we have com-
pleted the amendments of the Committee of
Ways and Means and it is open to general
amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. It will, as it will then
be at a different stage.
The hour of halfpast four o'clock p. m.
having arrived, the House, pursuant to order,
took a recess until half past seven o'clock
p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
INCREASED PAY OF ARMY OFFICERS, ETC.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to report back from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs Senate bill No. 592,
to provide for a temporary increase of the
pay of officers in the Army of the United States,
and for other purposes. It is the only bill in
which we can make a provision securing to the
soldiers sixteen dollars a month instead of
thirteen dollars, as their pay will go down to
thirteen dollars by limitation of law.
It also includes a provision in regard to lost
soldiers' discharges.
There was no objection.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back Senate bill
No. 592, to provide for a temporary increase
of the pay of officers in the Army of the United
States, and for other purposes, with amend-
ments.
The bill was read, as follows:
A bill to provide for a temporary increase of the pay
of officers in tho Army of the United States, and
for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Sepresent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, That for two years from the first day of July,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, all officers of the
Army below the rank of major general, including the
professors at West Point, shall be paid an addition'
of thirty-three and one third per cent, to their
present pay proper; and the pay and emoluments of
all field and other mounted officers shall hereafter be
tho same as is now provided by law for cavalry officers
of like grades.
Sue. 2. And be it further enacted. That section one
of the act entitled "An act to,increase the pay of
soldiers in the United States Army, and for other
purposes," approved June twenty, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, be, and the same is hereby, continued
in full force and effect for three years from and after
the close of the rebellion, as announced by the Pres-
ident of the United States by proclamation bearing
date the twentieth day of August, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That commutation
of rations shall be allowed in the settlement of the
accounts of all enlisted men of the Army. Navy, and
Marine carps, who have died whilo held as prisoners
of war, or the legal representatives ef those who,
having been prisoners of war, havo died subsequent
to release; this allowance to be made for the period
covcred by such imprisonment.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That so much of
section seven of tho act entitled "An act to increase
and fix the military peace establishment of the Uni- ;
ted States," approved July 28, 1866, as provides for
tho creation of fifteen bands for brigade or military
posts, be, and the same is hereby, repealed; but the
band at the Military Academy shall remain as now
established by law.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That section one
of tho act providing for the better organization of
the military establishment, approved August third,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, authorizing the Pres-
ident to appoint an Assistant Secretary of War. be.
and the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That so much of
the act entitled "An act to increase and fix the mili-
tary peace establishment of the United States," ap-
proved July twenty-eight, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, as relates to the promotion of assistant
! surgeons after three years' service, shall be amended
J so as to read, " and persons who have served as sur-
, geons or assistant surgeons three years in the volun-
teer force shall be eligible for promotion to the grade
! of oaptain."
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That the act enti-
tled "An act more effectually to provide for the
national defense by establishing a uniform militia
throughout the United States," approved May eight,
seventeen hundred and ninety-two, and the several
acts amendatory thereof, be, and they are hereby,
amended by striking out the word "white."
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That the medical
storekeepers of tho Army shall hereafter have the
rank, pay, and emoluments of captain of infantry,
and the post chaplains now in service, or hereafter
to be appointed, shall be commissioned by the Pres-
ident, and all vacancies occurring in the grade of
chaplain, which is hereby established, to rank as
captain of infantry, shall be filled by tho President,
by and with .the advice and consent of the Senate,
and all Army chaplains shall hereafter be on the
same footing as to tenure of office, retirement, allow-
ances for service and pensions, as now provided by
law for other officers of the Army.
The amendments of the committee were
read, as follows:
First amendment:
Strike out section three, and insert the following
in lieu thereof:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the pro-
visions of the joint resolution approved July 25,
1866, entitled a "Joint resolution in regard to tho
rations of Union soldiers held as prisoners of war,"
shall be extended so as to allow commutation of ra-
tions at cost prices in the settlement of the accounts
of all enlisted men of the Army, Navy, and Marine
corps, who died whilo held as prisoners of war in the
rebel States, or who, having been so held as prison-
ers of war, have died, or may die subsequent to re-
lease, to bo paid, however, only to to tho widow of such
deceased person, if such widow remain unmarried,
or in case there be no such widow then to the sur-
viving children of the deceased, or if there be no
such widow or children, then to the parents of the
deceased, or if there be no such widow, children,
or parents, then to the brothers and sisters of the
deceased.
Second amendment:
Strike out the fourth section.
Third amendment:
In section eight, strike out all after the enaoting
clause down to and including the word " infantry,"
inline four, and insert the following: "That (except-
ing the Ordnance storekeeper and paymaster at the
Springfield armory, who has the rank, pay, and al-
lowances of a major of cavalry) all storekeepers of
the Army shall hereafter have the rank, pay, and
allowances of captains of cavalry."
Fourth amendment:
Add the following as an additional section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That in apy case
where a person entitled to receive payment of bounty
under the provisions of any law shall make applica-
tion therefor, or where such application shall be
made Sy the proper representatives of such person,
being deceased, and the discharge of such person
has been lost, it shall bo competent for the account-
ing officers to receive, in lieu of the actual produc-
tion of such discharge, proof of the actual loss of
the same and secondary proof of its issue and con-
tents, together with proof of the identity of the
claimant or person deceased, under such rules defin-
ing the character and form of the evidence as tho
Paymaster General shall prescribe.
Fifth amendment:
Add the following as an additional section at tho
end of the bill:
Sf.C. —. And be it further enacted. That section
fifteen of the act to increase the present military
establishment of the United States, and for other
purposes, approved July five, eighteen hundred and
thirty-eight, be amended so that general officers shall
not hereafter be excluded from receiving the addi-
tional ration for every five years' service; and it is
hereby further provided that officers on the retired
list of the Army shall have the same allowance of
additional rations for every five years' servioe as offi-
cers in active service.
Mr. SCHENCK. Unless there be some in-
quiry or suggestion to be made I will demand
the previous question upon the amendments.
Mr. ALLISON. I notice that in the first
of the amendments the term "parents" is
used. Under a decision made by the Depart-
ment, in re^spnee to the bounty law passed at
our last session, it is held that where that law
requires the '' parents'' of deceased soldiers to
apply for bounty the application must be made
by both father and mother. I suggest, there-
fore, that the gentleman modify his amendment
by substituting for the term "parents" the
words "father or mother," so as to avoid the
difficulty.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am willing to add the
words "or parent" after the word "parents"
wherever it occurs; and I modify my amend-
ments so that they will read in that way.
The amendments, as modified, were agreed to.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider tho
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY INSPECTION.
Mr. PAINE. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution calling for execu-
tive information:
•
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
communicate to this House the report of the tour of
inspection of Brevet Major General Rufus Ingalls,
made during the year 1866.
No objection being made the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. ANCONA, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, made ad-
verse reports upon the resolution of the House,
respecting extra-travel pay to volunteers mus-
tered out in distant Territories; and upon the
petition of discharged soldiers of the first Mich-
igan cavalry, whose claim was provided for in
an act passed at the first session of the present
Congress; which were severally laid on the
table.
DISCHARGE OF VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. ANCONA, by unanimous consent, and
from the same committee, also reported back
bill of the House to authorize the granting of
discharges to certain volunteers, with the rec-
ommendation that it do not pass ; and also
moved that the bill be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
SAMUEL SILVER.
Mr. ANCONA. I ask leave now to report
a small private bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I yield further to the gen-
tleman for that purpose.
Mr. ANCONA, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported,
