936
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
tary from office. Chancellor Kent, referring
to this act, says:
" This amounted to alegislative construction of the
Constitution, and it has ever since been acquiesced
in and acted upon as of decisivo authority in the
case. It applies equally to every other officer of
Government appointed by the President and Senate
whoso term of duration is notspecialfy declared. It
is supported by the weighty reason that the subor-
dinate officers in the executive department ought to
hold at the pleasure of the head of that department,
because he is invested generally with the executive
authority, and every participation in that authority
by the Senate was an exception to a general princi-
ple and ought to be taken strictly. The President
is the great responsible offioer for the faithful execu-
tion of the law: and the power of removal was inci-
dental to that duty, and might often be requisite to
fulfill it."
Mr. Wirt, when Attorney General in 1823, in
giving an opinion on the question of appoint-
ments and removals, commenting on the word
"happen," used the following language:
" But the expression used by the Constitution is
'happen;' all vacancies that may happen during the
recess of the Senate. The most natural sense of this
term is to 'chance'—to fall out—to take jlace by
accident. But the expression seems not perfectly
clear. It may mean happen to take place; that is
' to originate:' under which sense tb e Presidont would
have the right to fill it by his temporary commission.
Which of these two senses is to be preferred? The
first seems to me most accordant with the letter of the
Constitution; the second most accordant with its
reason and spirit."
And he concludes:
" The construction which I prefer is perfectly inno-
oent. It cannot possibly produce mischief without
imputing to the Piesident a degree of turpitude
entirely inconsistent with the character which his
office implies, as well as with the high responsibility
and short tenure annexed to that office, while at the
same time it insures to the public the accomplish-
ment of the object to which the Constitution so sedu-
lously looks—that the offices connected with their
peace and safety be regularly filled.''
I believe similar opinions were entertained
by such men as Pinckney and Taney and
Legare and Barrien and Cushing.
But this power of removal without the con-
currence of the Senate has also been recog-
nized by the Supreme Court of the United
States.
I refer to the learned opinion delivered in
the case of ex parte Duncan N. Hennen by
Justice Thompson, one of the ablest of the
many distinguished jurists-who have adorned
the bench of the Supreme Court, in which he
says in 13 Peters, 259 :
"This power of removal from office was a subject
much disputed and upon which a srreat diversity of
opinion was entertained in the early history of this
Government. This related, however, to the power
of the President to remove officers appointed with
the concurrence of the Senate; and the grea ques
tion was whether the removal was to be by the Pres-
ident alone or with the concurrence of the Senate,
both constituting the appointing power. No one
denied the power of the President and Senate jointly
to removowhere the tenure of the olRcewas not fixed
by tho Constitution, which was a full recognition of
the principle that tne power of removal was incident
to the power of appointment. Bat it was very early
adopted as the practical construction of the Consti-
tution that the power was vested in tho President
alone. And such would appear to have been the
legislative construction of the Constitution, for in
the organization of the three great departments of
State, War, and Treasury in the year 1789 provision
is made for the appointment of a subordinate officer
by the head of the Departments who should have
tne chargo and custody of tho records, books, and
papers appertaining to the office when the head of
the Department should be removed from the office
of [by] the President of the United States. (1 Story, 5,
31,47.) When the Navy Department was established,
in the year 1798, (1 Story, 498,) provision was made for
the charge and custody of the books, records, and
documents of the Department in case of vacancy in
the office of Secretary by removal or otherwise. It is
not here said by removal by the President, as is done
with respect to the heads of the other Departments,
and yet there can be no doubt that ho holds his office
by the same tenure as the Other Secretaries, and is
removable by the President. The change of phraseol-
ogy arose probably from its having becomc the set,-
UctI and well-understood construction of the Consti-
tution that the power of removal was vested in the
President alone in such cases, although the appoint-
ment of the officer was by tho President and Senate."
But gentlemen say that there is no express
power conferred upon the President to make
removals. I answer, neither is there any ex-
press power conferred by the Constitution for
removals by the concurrent action of the Pres-s
ident and the Senate; but no one denies that
th® power of removal does exist where th.e ten-
ure of the office is not fixed by the Constitu-
tion. Whence is the power derived? I answer,
not simply as an incident to the appointing
power, but that it belongs to and is an incident
of the executive power, which is vested in the
President, who is charged with the execution
of the laws, and in the performance of which
duty he is obliged to apfbint agents as the in-
struments through which he may be enabled to
discharge properly the grave responsibilities
imposed upon him by his office: and being re-
sponsible for the faithful discharge of the duties
incumbent upon the executive branch of the
Government, he must, as an incident of the
powers of the Executive, have the right of re-
moval in the cases already mentioned.
But it is said that abuses have grown up
under the exercise of this power by the Ex-
ecutive. It is quite probable. Indeed, it would
be very strange if such were not the fact; but
is it more likely that these abuses would be
less frequent and less serious to the public
interests if the responsibility was divided and
the Senate should be authorized to act upon
such removals, and its assent be necessary be-
fore they could be made ?
It is our imperative duty, wherever we can
do so by the exercise of legitimate power, to
prevent abuses and provide remedies against
them, but with the greatest vigilance they can-
not be entirely prevented. They grow out of
the imperfections which have always existed
and will always exist, even in the most per-
fect forms of civil governments; and while
I would be unwilling to sanction the exercise
of any powers in the Executive which does
not belong to him, I am at the same time
unwilling to sanction any attempt to invade the
just rights of that department of the Govern-
ment or take from that officer the exercise of
a power which has been recognized as belong-
ing to him from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. Madison, in a letter written to Edward
Coles in 1834, referring to the claim made
that the Senate had aright to act upon'the
removals made by the President, says:
"You are at aloss for the innovating doctrines to
which I alluded. Permit me to specify the follow-
ing : ' The olaim on constitutional grounds to ashare
in the removals as well as in the appointment of
officers is in direct opposition to the uniform prac-
tice of the Government from its commencement. It
is clear that the innovation would not only vary
essentially the existing balance of power, but exp-ose
the Executive occasionally to a total inaction, and at
all times to delays fatal to the due execution of the
laws. Another innovation brought forward in the
Senate claims for the Legislature a discretionary
regulation of the tenure of offices. This also would
vary the relation of the departments to each other,
and leave a wide field for legislative abuses. The
Sower of removal, like that of appointment, oughtto
e fixed by the Constitution, and both, like the right
of suffrage and appointment of Representatives, to
be not dependent on tho legislative will. In repub-
lican Governments the organization ot the executive
department-n ill always be tound the most difficult
and delicato, particularly in regard to the appoint-
ment, and most of all to the removal of officeis. It
may well deserve consideration how far the present
modification of those powers can bo constitutionally
improved.'"
Certainly the present distinguished Attorney
General may feel himself fortified and fully
sustained by these high authorities ; although
the learned gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Williams,] in alluding to his opinion on
this subject, has been pleased to say of him
that it would—
"Be asking perhaps too much to expect that an
officer who holds his life at the pleasure of the Presi-
dent should be found standing in the way of the pre-
rogative in times like these."
It is unnecessary for me to enter upon any
defense of the Attorney General. He stands
deservedly in the front rank of the profession
which he has adorned, not only by his eminent
abilities as a lawyer, but by his character as
an upright and patriotic citizen.
But why should I detain the House longer by
a reference to the opinions of these eminent
men? Are not the statesmen of to-day who
control the legislation of this nation wiser
than the fathers? It is true that Chancellor
Kent has deliberately said that the power of
the President to remove in the class of cases
already named—
" May now be considered as firmly and definitely
settled, and there is good sense and practical utility
in the construction."
And that Mr. Madison, in speaking of the
claim made on behalf of the Senate in cases
of removal, as already quoted, has declared—
"The claim on constitutional.ground to a share in
the removal as well as appointment of officers is ia
direct opposition to the uniform practice of the Gov-
ernment from its commencement."
Or what difference does it make that Justice
Thompson has solemnly announced, in the
opinion in 13 Peters, that it had—
" Become the settled and well understood construc-
tion of the Constitution that the power of removal
was vested in the President alone in such cases, al-
though tho appointment of the officers was by the
President and toenate?"
Has not the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
in his speech in support of this bill, referring
to what had been said in support of the con-
struction heretofore placed upon the power of
removal by the President, told us that it was—
" Something in the way of argument that not even
the deservedly great reputation of Mr. Madison him-
self can commend to the disciplined logician of the
present day ?"
Mr. Speaker, the disciplined logicians of
whom the gentleman speaks must be those
men who have advanced too far (and I say it
without the least intentional disrespect to any
gentleman of this House) to be hampered in
their construction of the Constitution by the
opinions of such men as Washington, and Jef-
ferson, and Adams, and Madison, and Pinck-
ney, and Wirt, and Jackson, and Taney, or
by the uniform construction of every depart-
ment of the Government on this question since
the adoption of the Constitution.
Sir, 1 trust I have a due appreciation of the
statesmanship of the gentlemen whose opin-
ions control the legislation of this Congress;
but I prefer to follow the fathers, and leave
this power of removal just where the framers
of the Constitution and every Congress which
has assembled since 1789 have left it. And I
hope that gentlemen who in the recent cam-
paign have had so much to say in disparage-
ment of what they styled the " bread-and-but-
ter brigade" will so act on this question as not
to excite any well-grounded suspicion in the
public mind that they are now really themselves
ambitious to have control of that much-abused
class of men.
Sir, this is an attempt to deprive the present
Executive of the exercise of a power which
has been exercised by all of his predecessors.
And why is this to be done ? Is it because the
President has exercised this power to a greater
extent than his predecessors during the last
thirty years? No one who is at all acquainted
with our history will make such a charge.
Why, what is the extent of this great power
of executive patronage which disturbs gentle-
men so much? One would think, from the
clamor and abuse which we have heard uttered
against President Johnson on this floor, that
his removals were to be counted by the thou-
sand ; but there could be no greater mistake.
In the discussion of this question in the
Senate it was developed that the whole num-
ber of presidential appointments in the civil
service of the United States was only two thou-
sand four hundred and thirty-four, distributed
as follows: in the Department of State, three
hundred and forty; in the Treasury Depart-
ment, nine hundred and seventy-three: in the
Interior Department, two hundred and ten; in
the Post Office Department, seven hundred and
nine; and in the office of the Attorney General,
two hundred and two. And how many removals
do you suppose the President has made up to
the middle of January? Why, sir, four hundred
and forty-six, as follows: in the State Depart-
ment, ten ; Treasury Department, one hundred
and ninety-nine; Department of the Interior,
twenty-one; in the Post Office Department, one
hundred and ninety-seven; and in the office of
the Attorney General, nineteen. Can it be
possible that because ef these four hundred
and forty-six removals we are called upon to
pass this measure*? No, sir; this is but one of
a series of attacks which Have been made and
