1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
178
the House. Of course I will yield for expla-
nation. I am desirous to have .a vote on the
bill to-day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from. Iowa charged with the care of
this bill has consented to its opstponement
till the second Tuesday of .January next.
Mr. BID WELL. I do not know that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Certainly
he did. I trust the- House will agree to its
postponement. I wish to address the House
on this question and I do not intend to take
up time frith a buncombe speech. It is a
matter of importance.
Mr. BID WELL. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois to sum up the total number
of sections of land granted to tho railroads
heretofore, and bring it up as an argument
against this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That may
be one of the arguments.
Mr. BIDWELL. I would like to know how
that can be made a charge against this bill
long after the grants have been made.
Mr. THAYER. I rise to a point of order.
I think the limit of debate which a motion of
this kind admits is about exhausted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The Digest states that a mo-
tion to postpone admits of very limited debate.
The Chair therefore rules that the debate must
be restricted to a very narrow limit.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia yield for a moment?
Mr. BIDWELL. I will.
. Mr- PRICE. I have been asked what part
of this road was to be located in a State. I
was not then able fo answer the question. I
now have the information. This road to the
extent of six or seven miles is in Oregon; the
balance of it is in Washington Territory.
Mr. 1NGERS0LL. Will the gentleman
from California yield to rae ?
Mr. BIDWELL. I will.
Mr. ING-ER30LL. As my colleague has
moved to postpone this bill, and uses as an
argument against it the great quantity of pub-
lic land granted by the Government to rail-
roads heretofore, I suggest to my friend from
California to admit for the sake of the argu-
ment that two thousand million adres have
already been granted, or two hundred thousand
million if you please; no matter how much, the
more the better.
Mr. BIDWELL. More than there is on the
globe.
Mr. DAWES. -I raise the point of order that
this debate is not. allowable under the rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. BIDWELL. The motion isto postpone.
Well, sir, let us have the sense of the House
upon it. If it decides to postpone, it will be
almost tantamont to referring- it to another
committee. If it is only for the purpose of
getting more information, I certainly would
have no objection to a postponement, because
I do not desire to have the House act blindly.
Mr. HENDERSON. I wish to say in answer
to the question what part of this road runs
through a State 
The SPEAKER. That is not in order.
Mr. HENDERSON. I want merely to say
- that none of it is in my State.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to correct an impression which the gentleman
from California [Mr. Bidwei.t.] seems to have
got in regard to my motive in moving to post-
pone this bill and make it a special order. He
must have misunderstood what I said. I said
I desired to throw no obstacle in the way of it%
fair consideration. The only question is, shall
we vote upon it blindly, or shall we postpone,
it and when it comes up again consider "it
fairly?
Mr. BIDWELL. The gentleman from Illi-
nois constantly repeats that he does not intend
to throw any obstacle in the way, and at the
same time he is always doing it. I aui willing
ro admit what he will state about the quantity
nf public bnd granted heretofore. He mav
have it printed as a part of his argument, if
necessary, as against this bill: but I do want
to take the sense of the Hons© on thjs matter,
and I therefore demand the previous question
on the motion to postpone.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the motion to postpone and make the
bill the special order for the second Tuesday in
T * -ayes 74, noes 41.
moved to reconsider
the vote just taken; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. LOAN. I see' by the Globe that I am
recorded as not voting upon the motion to
suspend the rules for the purpose of consider-
ing the resolution introduced by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] to raise a special
committee of seven to investigate the conduct
of Government officers. I voted in the affirma-
tive to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Journal will be cor-
rected accordingly.
NATIONAL BANK ACT.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, offered the following resolution;
which was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing under the law:
Resolved, That an additional number of copies of
bill No. 771, to amend the national bank act, be
printed for the use of the House.
MItS. AMELIA I'EASTER.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported back Sen-
ate bill No. 434, for the relief of Mrs. Amelia
Feaster, of Columbia, South Carolina, with a
recommendation that the same do not pass;
and the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was laid
upon the table; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HENRY WILLARD.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, also made an adverse
report upon the claim of Henry W illard for ser-
vices as wagon-master in the Army; which was
laid upon the table.
PATRICK BARRATT.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, also made an adverse re-
port upon the claim of Patrick Barratt for ninety
dollars; which was laid upon the table.
SARAH BOXNINGTON.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, also made an adverse
report upon the petition of Sarah Bonnington
for a pension; which was laid on the table.
B. E. HARRISON.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, also made an adverse
report upon the petition of B. E. Harrison, of
La Grange, Prince William county, Virginia,
asking that the United States taxes paid by him
be refunded; which was laid upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move that the petitioners in these various cases
have leave to withdraw their papers.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Ialso
move to reconsider the votes by which these
various petitions have been laid upon the table;
and I also move to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON CROSLAND.
Mr. SLOAN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back Senate bill No. 431,forthe relief
of Washington Crosland; and the bill was laid
upon the table.
B. E. SUED.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee of
Claims, made an adverse report upon the peti-
tion of B. E. Shed, of Eastport, Maine, for
bonds in place of bonds burned; which was laid
upon the table.
REUBEN GRINOLE.
Mr. DELANO, from the same committee,
also made an adverse report upon the petition
of Retfben Grinole, for bonds to replace those
destroyed by fire; which was laid upon the
table.
JOHN MUNN.
Mr. DELANO, from the same committee,
also reported back House bill No. 529, for the
relief of John Munn, with a recommendation
that the same do not pass; and the bill was
laid upon the table.
HENRY CLEWS AND COMPANY.
Mr. DELANO, from the same committed,
also made an adverse report upon the petition
of Henry Clews & Co., for the issue of a new
bond in place of one lost; which was laid
on the table.
MARY STREET.
Mr. DELANO, from the same committee,
also made an adverse report upon the petition
of Mary Street, for compensation for property
taken for the use of the United States Army ;
which was laid on the table.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL FREDERICK A. SAWYER.
Mr. DELANO, from the same committee,
also made an adverse report upon the petition
of Brevet Lieutenant Colonel Frederick A.
Sawyer, asking pay formilitaryserviees; which
was laid on the table.
OREGON LAND GRANT.
Mr. McRUER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported back Senate bill No. 62, to
amend an act entitled "An act granting land
to the State of Oregon, to aid in the construc-
tion of a military road from Eugene City to
the eastern boundary of said State," with a
recommendation that the same do pass.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill was read at Fength. It appropri-
ates such odd sections or part of odd sections
not reserved or otherwise legally appropriated
within six miles on each side of said road, to be
selected by the surveyor general of the State of
Oregon, as shall be sufficient to supply any
deficiency in the quantity of the former grant
of land which for any reason was not subject
to land grants within the limits designated in
the former act.
Mr. McRUER. I can explain this bill in a
few words.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
inquire if the bill has been printed.
Mr. McRUER. It is a Senate bill. I do
not know that it has been printed for the use
of the House.
Mr. Speaker, it is always customary in bills
granting land to aid in the construction of rail-
roads to provide that if the designated quantity
of land is not found within the prescribed limits
they may go a certain distance beyond those
limits to make up the deficiency. The act of
which this is an amendment was passed by a
former Congress, and contained a grant of
land of three sections per mile to aid in the
construction of a wagon-road through the wil-
derness in Oregon. But it did not provide
that if any portion of those three sections had
been preempted or otherwise appropriated the
company might go beyond the distance of three
miles from the road for the purpose of obtain-
ing the designated quantity of land. Now, the
object of this bill is to grant to the company
the privilege of obtaining their designated quan-
tity of land within six miles of the line of tha
road if it cannot be obtained within a less dis-
tance. That is the whole purpose of the bill.
It grants no additional laud, not an acre.
I call the previous question on tho passage
of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the gentleman will not call the previous ques-
tion on this bill. This is very curious legisla-
tion we are having here.
