1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ISIS
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment oi Mr. Farjtswokth ; and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes twenty-five, noes not
counted.
So tlie amendment to the amendment was
not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
proposed by the .Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. LE BLOND. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "ten dollars" and
inserting '• fifteen dollars." That will make it
more uniform with what we have done.
The question was taken ; and upon a division,
there were—ayes 29, noes 48; no quorum vot-
ing.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Le Blond
and Mr Conkling were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 26, noes 70.
So the amendment to the amendment was
not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
proposed by the Committee of Ways and
Alciins
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "ten dollars" and
inserting " twenty dollars." I could not give
my support to the amendment of my colleague
to make this duty only fifteen dollars. Gen-
tlemen may think that this is a small matter
because it is only tow, and that a duty of ten
dollars per ton upon that tow would a very
heavy duty. However, when that tow comes
to be converted into burlaps or coarse material
for gunny-bags the manufactured article be-
comes somewhat important. It will be seen,
bv reference to this bill a little further on, that
the Committee of Ways and Means propose
" that burlaps valued at not over fifteen cents
per square yard shall be subject to a duty ot
only forty-five per cent, ad valorem."
A Member. What is "burlaps?"
Mr. SCFIENCK. "Burlaps" is a coarse
fabric made for baling purposes. I have been
told by some members here that it is used to
make sacks for our corn in the West. I sus-
pected that would be said; and therefore I
took the precaution of obtaining the written
statement of a man who has manufactured
more " burlaps" in this country than anybody
else in the United States that such was not
the case. And I am ready upon suitable occa-
sion to produce the statement here.
Still burlaps are deemed by the Committee
of Ways and Means to be worth protecting with
a duty of "forty-five per cent, ad valorem,"
with the word "only" putbefore "forty-five" in
order to make the statement the more emphatic.
Now, the duty on this flax tow should be put
up as the Committee of the Whole have put
np the duty on unmanufactured flax and on
hackled flax instead of keeping it where the
Committee of Ways and Means propose to put
it. And inasmuch as we have raised the duty
npon the other articles, I propose that we raise
it on this also.
Although this article is only "tow," it is
somewhat important for more reasons than
one. With us in the AVest what is called
"tow" is not merely tow proper; it is that
which is the refuse after the hackling of the
flax. In the wasteful use we make of our flax,
, for want of sufficient protection, when the seed
has been threshed out the whole of the fiber is
converted into what is called "tow;" there
being no "dressed lines-" obtained from it at
all. And that will continue to be the case
unless there is more protection given to it. I
therefore move to increase the duty to twenty
dollars per ton, so as to make it in proportion
to the action of the Committee of the W'hole
in relation to the other articles.
Mr. MOliiilLL. I merely rise to oppose
the amendment to the amendment, and to say
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck]
having himself voted against an increase of the
duty to even fifteen dollars, I do not think his
eloquence can persuade the Committee of the
Whole to turn "right about face" and vote to
increase it to twenty dollars.
Mr. SCHENCK. I voted against fifteen
dollars, because I thought it was not high
enough.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Schexck ; and upon a division,
there were—ayes 41, noes 57.
So the amendment to the amendment was
not agreed to.
The amendment proposed by the Committee
of Ways and Means was then agreed to.
Fifty-second amendment:
Strike out "five" and insert "fifteen," in the clause
relating to unmanufactured jute, Sisal grass, &c., so
that it will read:
On jute, unmanufactured, and Sisal Brass, and
other vegetable fibers not otherwise provided for,
fifteen dollars per ton.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes fifty-two, noes not
counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Fifty-third amendment:
Strike out the word " burlaps" from the following
clause:
On all brown or bleached linens, ducks, canvas
paddings, cot bottoms, burlaps, drills, coatings, brown
Hollands, blay linens, Spanish linens,diaper, dam-
asks, crash, huckabacks, handkerchiefs, lawns, or
othermanufacturesof flax, hemp, or jute, or of which
flax, hemp, or jute is the component material of
chief value, not herein otherwise specified, valued
at thirty cents per square yard or less, four cents per
square yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem; valued at over thirty cents per
square yard, six cents per square yard, and, in addi-
tion thereto, forty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I would inquire of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Morrti.l] why it is proposed to
strike "burlaps" out from thiB clause?
Mr. SCHENCK, (in his seat.) In order to
make the duty on it lower.
Mr. MORRILL. In answer to the question
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Gris-
wold,] I will say that these goods are used
very extensively in the manufacture of oil-
cloth, and if the duty upon them is placed at
a higher rate than forty-five per cent, ad va-
lorem it will be necessary to raise the duty
upon the other articles. And, notwithstand-
ing the negative assertion of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck,] they are also used
in a form which in the West are required for
bags.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I understand that vari-
ous establishments in this country are just
beginning successfully to manufacture articles
in which this tow of flax exclusively enters.
And it is in the direct line advocated by gentle-
men who are to-day protesting against low
duties for the agricultural interests, I trust the
amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
this amendment was a mistake ; I do not think
it was intended bj[ the Committee of Ways and
Means. If the chairman of that committee [Mr.
Morrill] will notice, the proviso which it
is proposed to add to this clause is as follows:
Provided. That burlaps valued at not over fifteen
cents per square yard shall be subject to a duty of
«uly forty-five per cent, ad valorem.
I do not think it was intended to strike out
this word " burlaps I think that was a mis-
take. I do not like to make that statement
unqualifiedly, for fear I may be contradicted
again. But I think the Committee of Ways and
Means did not intend to strike it out, but
meant to have this rate of duty of " four cents
per square yard and thirty-five per cent, ad
valorem" confined to burlaps valued at over
fifteen and not over thirty cents per square
yard. I hope, therefore, that the Committee
of the Whole will not adopt this amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. I am glad to hear what
my colleague on the committee says. I was
not present when this was suggested ; as it is I
think it should not be stricken out, and I hope
it will not be.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, at the
risk of trespassing npon the time of the House,
but to correct the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means on the subject of burlaps,
I move to strike out the last word.
If gentlemen will look to the paragraph
they will find there are a great many things
embraced, as linens, ducks, canvas puddings,
cot bottoms, drills, coatings, brown Hollands,
blay linens, Spanish linens, diaper, damasks,
crash, huckabacks, &c., which are not manu-
factured from anything raised in the West, but
there is one article we do manufacture, and
that is these burlaps, these coarse goods used
for baling.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to call his attention to
one point. The burlaps manufactured from
American material are the cheap ones excepted
in the proviso to that section.
Mr. SCHENCK. Exactly; that is what I
am going to speak of. When there is one we
can furnish the material, for that is to be put
down lower than any other. It is just this
exception to which I object. I thought there
was a cat in the meal-tub, and I have obtained
the written statement of one of the largest
manufacturers of burlaps in the country, and
I propose to read it as better than anything I
can say on this subject.
Mr. ALLISON. Does not my friend from
Ohio think that forty-five per cent, ad valorem
high enough on this article of burlaps?
Mr. SCHENCK. Perhaps it is; but why
make it more upon the others. They are four
cents per square yard, and, in addition thereto,
thirty-five per cent, ad valorem. This is what
the largest manufacturer of burlaps says:
Bublaps.
On pacro 26, present House bill, line twenty-one,
burlaps is stricken out, and on page _7, lines thirty,
thirty-one, and thirty-two, a proviso is made which
should be stricken out, and burlaps reinstated on line
twenty-one, page26.
Burlaps is an indefinite term, and under that head
many other coarse linens, such as crash, cot bot-
toms, brown linens, &c., can be imported. In other
words, it makes an exception which will cause much
trouble. Burlap proper is for baling purposes. It is
not used for crain bags, as is supposed by some, but is
used for baling up goods as a mere wrapper. Being
imported, it is usually made of jute, beeause jute
came to the Irish and English spinners free of duty,
and therefore is chcaper than their tow. It fan be
made here from our coarse tows, and would, if prop-
erly protected, furnish a very large market for our
home production, for the amount used is very large,
amounting to hundreds of tons. If made of our tows
it would be stronger and more durable. It seems, in
view of the amount of the home production it would
consume and the labor it would employ, it should bo
reinstated in line twenty-one.
Thus the one thing we can furnish the mate-
rial for is made an exception, and burlaps is
stricken out and a proviso inserted that it shall
only be subject to a duty of forty-five per cent.
ad valorem, while the others are at four cents
per square yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty-
five per cent, ad valorem. I hope burlaps will
not be stricken out, bat that we will strike out
the proviso at the end of the section.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Fifty-fourth amendment:
Strike out the followins:
Provided, That burlaps valued at not over fifteen
cents per square yard shall be subject to a duty of
only forty-five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move to
insert after "burlaps" the words "and crash."
I wish to state t hat crash, like burlaps, is a cheap
article, and the imported article comes of
different widths so that it is almost impossible
to ascertain the measurement of this low price
article not costing over fifteen cents per square
yard.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not know whether I
am in order, but I hope this proviso inserted
here will not be stricken out. I desire to say
a word why I should like to have it retained.
This applies only to an article manufactured
of jute. It is used in baling cotton, in baling
wool, and also used by our western farmers
in sacking corn and oats and other products
which they send to market. If this proviso is
not stricken out the effect will be to allow an
ad valorem duty of sixty per cent, on this arti-
cle. It seems to me if we adopt the rule of
protection we should protect the largest nam-
