1614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
ber of people; and certainly there is a larger
number who use these goods than those who
manufacture them. And it seems to me fur-
ther, if this article of burlaps is not protected
by a duty of forty-five per cent, ad valorem
those who manufacture it should turn to some
other branch of manufacture, and protect the
producer of cotton, corn, and oats, by allow-
ing him to procure this article at the cheapest
possible rate. If I am not mistaken, and I
think I am not, as to the uses to which burlaps
are applied, it seems to me forty-five per cent,
is quite enough, and thus divide'tlie protection
to some extent with the large class of pro-
ducers who consume this article in the way I
have indicated.
Mr. GUIS WOLD. I hope the proviso will
be stricken out, and the gentleman will pardon
me for saying that I think there is a gross
inconsistency in his argument upon this ques-
tion. There is no reason in the world why the
article should not be produced in this country;
and the only way to furnish a market for the
tow and flax for which the gentleman argues
so strenuously is to foster the manufacturer of
the very article which consumes the tow and
llax.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Hooper, of Massachusetts, it was
agreed to.
•The question recurred on agreeing to the
amendment of the committee.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to strike out
one word for the sake of saying I hope this
proviso will be stricken out. It is entirely in-
consistent with what the committee have done
already. I hope that crash and burlaps will
both go out.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not know whether I
understand my friend. Do I understand him
to say that it is inconsistent with anythiug we
have done?
Mr. CONKLING. I do not know what he
. understood, but I mean to say that.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not understand it to
be inconsistent. We have retained burlaps,
and we here provide that burlaps valued at not
exceeding fifteen cents per square yard shall
pay only a certain duty.
Mr. CONKLING. Precisely so, and that
is exactly what we did not mean to do when
we retained burlaps. The Committee of Ways
and Means struck outfcurlaps and then put in
this proviso; now we have put in burlaps, and
to be consistent we should strike out this pro-
viso. I hope it will be done.
The amendment of the committee, as
amended, was disagreed to.
Fifty-fifth amendment:
Strike out "gunny-bags;" so that the clause wUl
read:
On Runny-cloth, cotton bagging, or other manu-
factures not otherwise herein provided for. suitable
lor the uses to which cotton bagging is applied, com-
posed wholly or in part of hemp, jute, flax, or other
material, valued at ten cents or less per square yard
three cents per pound.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I hope it will not be
stricken out for the very reason suggested in
regard to 14 burlaps."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Fifty-sixth amendment:
Insert the following:
Oil gunny-bags, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 35, noes 57.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair op-
pointed Messrs. Hooper, of Massachusetts,
and Conklixg. 1
The committee divided ; but the tellers were
unable to agree 011 the count.
The Chair accordingly appointed as tellers
Messrs. Shellabarger and Eldridge.
The committee again divided ; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 41, noes 56.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The committee informally rose, and the
Speaker resumed the chair.
message from tiif, senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forsey,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed House joint resolution No. 205, for the
erection of an equestrian statue to the memory
of brevet Lieutenant General Winfield Scott,
with an amendment, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, a joint resolution (S. R. No. 165) to
refer the claim of the trustees of A. G. Sloo
, to the Court of Claims, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested.
] enrolled joint resolution signed.
\ Mr. COBB, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 182) for printing addi-
| tional copies of the Appendix to the Diplo-
| matic Correspondence of 1865; when the
j Speaker signed the same.
tariff bill again.
The committee then resumed its session.
Fifty-seventh amendment:
Insert the words 1' and on hemp and tow yarns,
single, valued at not over twonty-four cents per
pound;" so that it will read:
On jute yarns, single, and on homp or tow yarns,
single, valued at not over twenty-four cents per
pound, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I hope that will not be
adopted for the same reason that applied to all
the other articles.
Mr. CONKLING. I want to express my
concurrence with my colleague. It would be
very inconsistent to adopt it after what we have
done.
Mr. SCHENCK. Put me down number
throe; I hope it will not be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. I trust it will be allowed
to remain. It is precisely the existing law.
Mr. CONKLING. I would like to ask my
colleague on the committee if the committee
did not propose this fifty-seventh amendment
as consistent with and belonging to those
amendments which have already been rejected ?
And if that be true, then I ask him to inform
the House how it is consistent to retain this
amendment when the other amendments upon
which it hinges have been repudiated by the
Committee of the Whole?
Mr. MORIMLL. lu reply to the gentleman
from New York I will saythatif thegentleman
had listened to what I said he would have seen
that this amendment was not made with any
reference to any of the amendments which have
been voted on. It was made solely with refer-
ence to the article of carpets, in the manufac-
ture of which a large amount of this article is
used, and which would suffer serious injury
without this provision.
Mr. CONKLING. I dislike very much to
. differ with my colleague on the Committee of
Ways and Means about a matter of fact, but I
cannot agree with him at all. We all know, it
is past discussion by either of us, that these
two subjects of duty are connected with each
other, and we find these amendments in the
bill submitted by the committee in connection
with each other.
^ Now, I submit to my colleague that he does
violence to the text of the bill, and does vio-
lence to the jialpable logic of the connection
of the two articles when he says that the com-
mittee in putting them together in harmony,
with each other did not intend that they shoulcf
be in harmony.
If the other amendments ought to have been
rejected, as I think they should have been, I
submit that this also should be rejected.
The question was taken on the amendment
of the Committee of Ways and Means, and it
was disagreed to.
Fifty-eighth amendment:
In line eighteen strike out the following words:
And any person or corporation may import and
use railroad iron at any time within ten years upon
paying the duties imposed by law, any provision in
any act of Congress to the contrary notwithstand-
ing. |
The question was put, and there were—ayes
32, noes 25 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. O'Neill
and Keiir were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 86, noes 10.
So the amendment was agreed to.
message from the senate.
The committee rose informally, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair,
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments of the
! Senate to bill of the House No. 878, to quiet
1 land titles to lands in the town of Santa Clara,
I in the State of California.
patent office report.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the annual report of the Com-
missioner of Patents; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JENCKES moved that five thousand
copies of the report be printed for the use of
the Patent Office, and ten thousand for the use
of the House.
The motion was referred, under the law, to
the Committee on Printing.
tariff bill again.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union then resumed its session.
Fifty-ninth amendment:
In line eighty-three, page 34, insert the following:
On cotton ties made of hoop iron, three and three
fourths cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixtieth amendment:
_ In line onehundred and eighteen, pace 34, strike out
forty" and insert in lieu thereof two ccnts per
square foot, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five: so
that it will read:
_ On iron wire-cloth, two cents per square foot, and,
in addition thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixty-first amendment:
Insert at the end of the paragraph the following:
When painted, four cents per square foot, and, in
addition theroto, thirty-live cents per square foot.
Mr. PRICE. That must evidently be a mis-
take.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out " cents per square
foot" and inserting "per cent, ad valorem;"
so as to read: '"and, in addition thereto,
thirty-five per cent, ad valorem."
lhe amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Sixty-second amendment: «
Insert after the word "two," in line one hundred
and twenty-live, the words and one half;" so as to
make the paragraph read:
On machinery forgingrs, mill-irons and mill-cranks,
ot wrought iron, an<l_wrou™!it-iron pioccs or parts,
ot any weight, for ships, steam-engines, or locomo-
tives, two and one half cents per pound.
On the amendment there were—ayes 58,
noes 39.
Mr. FINCK>called for tellers.
iellers were ordered; and Mr. Finck and
Mr. Rice, of Maine were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 04, noes 31.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Sixty-third amendment:
Strike out after the word " diameter," in line on 
hundred and forty-one, the words " two and a half"
and insert in lieu thereof the word "three:" so as to
make the clause read:
On chains, traco-chains, halter-chains, and fence-
of wire or rods not less than three
eighths of an inch in diameter, three cents per pound.
Mr. LE BLOND. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "three cents" and
inserting u one cent,'' so as to make the duty on
these articles one cent per pound. It seems
a duty of even one cent is high,
lhe articles embraced in this paragraph are
