1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1j615
used by every farmer throughout the country;
and I do hope that Congress will show some
disposition to favor the agricultural interests of
the country. The agricultural class make up
the great body of the American people. They
constitute the bone and sinew of our country,
and are the foundation of the nation's wealth.
Yet by this bill in its present form that class
of the community will be required to pay a
heavier tax than almost any other class of
citizens.
I hope that my amendment will be adopted,
and that we shall reduce this duty to one cent
per pound instead of making it three cents, as
proposed by the Committee of Ways and
Means. This committee propose an increase
upon the rate fixed by the Senate, which was
but two and one half cents. Instead of an in-
crease there should be a diminution of the
duty. Let us have fair competition in this
matter. Why should the great consuming in-
terests of this country pay three cents per
pound on these articles if they can be bought
at a lower rate abroad? I hope that this ques-
tion will be duly considered. Let us lighten
as far as possible the burdens of the agricult-
ural class, for it is they who use the articles
embraced in this paragraph.
On the amendment there were—ayes 36, noes
60; no quorum voting.
The^DHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Messrs. Le Blond and
Mooriikad.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 32, noes 64.
So the amendment to the amendment was
not agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. LE BLOND. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out " three'' and insert-
ing " two," so as to make the duty two cents
per pound. My reason for offering this amend-
ment—and I offer it in good faith—is that I
think the duty too high already. If, sir, there
•will be no importations of these articles, then
it is unnecessary to include them in the bill.
If these articles will be imported, then I
submit that we do fully enough in offering
to the domestic manufacturers of these articles
a bonus of ten cents on the foreign-made ar-
ticle.
I say, sir, as I have said before, that every
dollar, every cent, added to the cost of im-
ported articles in this country is so much taken
out of the pockets of the consumers and given
to the manufacturers of these articles. I know
that the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] advocates a different doctrine, and he
seems to base it upon the ground of devotion
to the manufacturing interests of our country.
Butrsir, I repudiate that doctrine. I do not
believe in it. I believe that wherever you can
get the cheapest article there is the place for
the people who consume it to go for the pur-
pose of purchasing it. I believe that we should
not tax the great body of the people of this
country for the benefit of the few who are
engaged in manufacturing pursuits.
Now, sir, I will venture to say, notwithstand-
ing the argument of the able gentleman from
Massachusetts in favor of protection, that
when he goes into the market to purchase any
article or commodity, when, for instance, he
wishes to buy broadcloth for a suit of clothes,
if he finds that he can buy the desired article
one dollar cheaper of an importer than of the
domestic manufacturer he buys the imported
article instead of that manufactured in his own
country, all other things being equal. He
buys it because it is the cheapest. And, sir,
if he has a bushel of wheat or anything else
to sell he does not inquire whether the man
proposing to purchase is a citizen of the Uni-
ted States or a subject to Great Britain. He
sells to the man offering the largest price,
whether that man resides in this country or
comes from abroad. In the consideration of
a tariff bill I apply the same reasoning which
I would adopt in buying or selling an article,
for, as I have already said, the consumers in
this country make up the great body of the
American people, and we should look to their
interests, not merely to the interests of the
manufacturer.
With regard to the several descriptions of
chains named in this paragraph, if by redu-
cing the duty we can enable those who use them
to get them at a lower price, why should we
not give them the privilege of getting them as
cheaply as possible ? and if they have an arti-
cle to sell let them sell it wherever they can
get the largest price.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Chairman, in refer-
ence to the amendment proposed by my col-
league, [Mr. Le Blond,] allow me to say that
these articles on which he proposes to reduce
the duty from three cents to two sell at an
average of about eighteen cents a pound; so
that the duty of three cents would not be over
twenty per cent, ad valorem. That is an out-
side statement of the rate proposed on these
articles. Whether this is an exorbitant duty
Heave to the judgment of the committee. But
I call attention to the fact that twenty-five
years ago, and under a Democratic Adminis-
tration, these very articles bore a duty of four
cents a pound; and it remained for many years
at that rate; one cent per pound more than
that which the committee propose in this bill.
I desire to say in addition, Mr. Chairman,
that in this bill the rates of duty on iron have
been somewhat increased; and the Committee
of Ways and Means felt it their duty to increase
in a corresponding degree the duties on articles
manufactured of iron. I appeal to the justice
of the Committee of the Whole to decide
whether it is not fair, when the duty on iron has
been increased, that we should provide for a
corresponding increase on manufactures of
iron. If gentlemen desire to attack the bill
let them begin at its foundation and here. If
this item be reduced they should go back and
make other changes to correspond.
One word in reply to what my colleague [Mr.
Le Blond] says from his stand-point on the
general question of the tariff. He is in favor
of buying where he can buy cheapest. Is he
not also in favor of living where he can live
cheapest, and therefore of leaving the United
States and moving to Canada, or if he wants to
live still cheaper, to the Fejee Islands, where
he can pluck bread fruit from the trees [laugh-
ter] and wear primeval fig-leaves, at little ex-
pense, and thus avoid the troubles of tariffs
and woolens?
It occurs to me, Mr. Chairman, that it is
worth something to live in a country like this.
I would rather help bear the burdens of civil-
ization to sustain a noble Government like ours
than to go where everything is so cheap that
it ceases to be valuable.
Mr. Chairman, the necessities of the revenue
of this Government are so great that the old-
time doctrine of prohibition on the one hand
and free trade on the other are of but little
practical value in this debate. If my colleague
is hunting through this bill for enormities it
would not be difficult for him to find para-
graphs in reference to which he might exert
his talents to some purpose.
Mr. LE BLOND. Point them out. It is
just what we want.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am not fighting the
gentleman's battle. He has help enough on
this side already. But I do say that unfortu-
nately for his case he has taken one of the
most modest provisions of this bill as the object
of his attack. He will observe we have reduced
the duty on other chains as found in the Sen-
ate bill two cents a pound, which leaves the
duty twenty-five per cent, less than it was
twenty-five years ago under Democratic admin-
istration.
The amendment to the amendment was
disagreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
oppose the amendment of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and I do so for the purpose
of making a few remarks in regard to iron, and
particularly with reference to the proposition
now before the committee.
This paragraph includes classes of iron largely
used in this country, chains, trace-chains, halter-
chains, and fence-chains of two different sizes.
It includes fence-chains and fence-wire used for
fencing purposes in our western country. I
think the tariff proposed by the Senate is quite
high enough on this article; but I wish to call
the attention of the committee to another fact
which appears everywhere in this bill, as it
applies to iron and steel. I allude to the classi-
fication of these articles. Under existing law
the classification of iron is carefully adjusted so
as to admit at a low duty per pound the coarser
product of iron, and that product in most exten-
sive use in this country, and experience has
shown that this classification, as well as the
existing rate of duty, has afforded abundant
protection to the manufacturer of iron and
nearly all its products.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Can my colleague
state the reasons for the change of grade?
Mr. ALLISON. Certainly I can, without
difficulty.
The object the committee had in view was
of course to increase the duty on certain classes
of imported iron Without increasing the duty
per pound. When we come to consider the
question of iron generally the committee will
observe that the classification has been en-
tirely changed from existing law and for the
purpose of increasing the duty, as I have
stated. The classification in this bill was pre-
pared by the manufacturers of iron and pre-
sented to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and it is not likely they would so classify as to
reduce duties. A word here upon the general
question. We produced of iron and its products
in this country during the last fiscal year, as
nearly as can be ascertained from the report
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
about $213,000,000; while during the same
year we imported in value only $11,000,000, in
round numbers, of iron, and $19,000,000 of iron
and steel—the largest importation being of pig
iron, an interest now unprecedentedly pros-
perous in this country—yet the manufacturers
of iron insist upon a large increase of duties
upon all classes of iron.
The tariff of 1861 was intended especially to
favor the iron interest. Certainly by that act
iron fared well, yet by a succession of enact-
ments these duties were increased, until by
existing law rates have been increased beyond
the tariff of 1861 on bar iron flats of classes
most in use from forty-nine to sixty-eight per
cent.; on bars, round or square, from forty-nine
to one hundred and twenty per cent. ; and on
certain classes of hoop, plate, and sheet iron,
from sixty-eight to ninety-six per cent. ; yet by
the proposed bill duties on all these classes
are increased still further—from twenty-eight
to one hundred and twelve per cent.; and in a
few instances as high as one hundred and forty
per cent.
Now, it is a serious question for us to con-
sider whether the consumer shall be thus taxed
for the benefit of an interest producing annu-
ally more thau $200,000,000, against a total
importation of $19,000,000, reduced $4,000,000
by our own exports of iron products. This
demand for increase comes chiefly from Penn-
sylvania, which produced last year thirty-three
Eer cent, of the whole product, while I have
eard no complaint from New York and Mass-
achusetts, which produced twenty-three per
cent, of the whole product. I do not see how
it can be possible to injure the iron interests
of Pennsylvania, especially if these rates are
not increased. No State has so great advan-
tages as Pennsylvania; take the Cambria Iron
Works as.an example, if you go there with me
you will see almost within the throw of a stone,
near the surface, iron, coal, and fire-clay, essen-
tial elements in the manufacture of railroad
iron, which competes with iron produced in
England, made from ore brought from a point
five hundred to one thousand feet beneath the
surface, and coal mined at ft point four hun-
