1866.
TEDS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
the entire amount paid for the Globe I am
unable to answer. This is -the sum of the
different amounts scattered through this appro-
priation bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I was desirous of know-
ing whether as chairman of the Committee on
Printing the gentleman knew how much the
annual expenses under this head were.
Mr. LAFLIN. I am unable to answer the
gentleman, the question never having been re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing. It costs
that mu'ch at least. . • •
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, tins sub-
ject of reporting our debates and of publishing
the Globe is one that has attracted the atten-
tion of a great many gentlemen who have been
in Congress in former years. Many have been
of the opinion that the publication of our de-
bates ought to be performed as part of the gen-
eral printing, that is to say, by the Govern-
ment, in the same way as other Government
printing. In other words, that this Globe news-
paper as a separate establishment is a fungus
upon the Government which ought to be re-
moved. I trust, therefore, that theamendment
which has been proposed will be adopted, so
that legislators can see how much the expense
to the Government of this course is. Because
as it has been the practice hitherto to divide
up the amount into a great number of distinct
items, one here and another there, unless a
member has more time and opportunity than
he usually ha3, he can have no conception of
the amount of money that for many years has
gone annually in that direction.
I have long been of the opinion that the
publication of our debates ought to be made
under our own immediate direction and by our
own printing establishment, and since we now
have one which does the other printing for us,
any action looking to that change will meet
my approval, and I hope it will also meet the
-approval of the Committee on Printing.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know that there is
anything very materially objectionable in the
amendment. It does not alter the amount ap-
propriated in the bill. But the mode of put-
ling in these items that has prevailed heretofore
I believe to be the most convenient, namely,
to keep the expenses of each House distinct
from the other. "We are now making appro-
priations for the expenses of the Senate; fur-
ther along we have appropriations for the ex-
fenses of the House of Representatives. We
eep them separate, and I am not quite satisfied
that the chairman of the Committee on Print-
ing is likely to gain anything by this motion.
If we mingle the different items of the two
Houses, 1 do not see well how we are to sepa-
rate them afterward. I rather think until
further advised we had better keep the items
as they are. If an arrangement can be made
differently, I think it had better be made in
some other bill and in some way so that the
Comptroller and other officers of the Treasury
can understand it.
Mr. LAFLIN. The Committee on Printing
have no object to secure by proposing this
amendment independent of the object that I
suppose is common to all the members of this
House. We desire by this amendment to inter-
fere in no manner with the terms in which this
bill is couched, but simply, while we retain all
the particular items that are now in the bill, to
so arrange them that the aggregate can be easily
ascertained. Therefore, inasmuch as the dif-
ferent items now contained in the bill are to be
continued, I do not see how any embarrassment
can possibly arise of the character suggested
by the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations. This amendment states that
we are to pay for the Congressional Globe the
sum of two hundred and odd thousand dollars ;
describing just as this bill now describes the
parties in whose interest and for whose benefit
these different stims making up the aggregate
are to bo appropriated and expended.
It does seem to me that the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations must acknowl-
edge that my amendment will greatly simplify
the bill. As it now stands thesa items are scat-
tered over a number of pages, and should any
one desire to ascertain the facts so as to enable
him to give a proper answer to the qaestion
propounded to me by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [ Mr. Maynard ] a few moments since,
he would be obliged to run through the entire
appropriation bill, dig out item after item, and
add them up for himself in order to determine
what is the aggregate sum.
I think if the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations will reconsider this matter
he will see that my amendment will result
simply in the convenience of members, and in
no way operate against the interest or con-
venience of any party concerned. I hope the
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. HALE. I wish "to call the attention of
my colleague [Mr. Laflin] to a fact which
seems to have escaped his notice; that is,
that the amendment which he proposes makes
this bill entirely inconsistent with its provis-
ions ; and to reach the end which he con
siders important it will be necessary to remodel
the bill very materially.. The portion which
he proposes to amend is embraced under the
general head of " contingent expenses of the
Senate." Now, he proposes to have incor-
porated under that general head items which
properly belong under the general head of
"contingent expenses of the House of Rep-
resentatives." My colleague will therefore
see that his amendment, if adopted, will lead to
confusion.
I suppose the gentleman hasattained the end
he had in view; simply to call the attention of
the House to the large amount appropriated
for the Globe. And having attained that object,
I hope, in view of the inconsistency I have
pointed out, he will withdraw his amendment.
Mr. LAFLIN. If the Committee of the
Whole will reserve to me the right, and if the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
will consent to it, to consolidate in one item
theappropriations for the Globe for each House
we will then have but two items, instead of a
half a dozen items; and .perhaps secure the
object at which I aim.
Mr. STEVENS. I will consent to waive the
immediate call for the previous question when
this bill shall be reported to the House, and in
the mean time the gentleman can prepare an
amendment to meet his views.
Mr. LAFLIN. With that understanding I
withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read as follows :
For reporting and printing the proceedings in the
Daily Globe for the first session of the Fortieth Con-
gress, $21,250.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
[Mr. Stevens] what are the data upon which
he has reported the item just read by the Clerk ?
Mr. STEVENS. We take it from the esti-
mates, which are to be found in the "Book of
Estimates," which every member has a copy
of I suppose.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does that item form a
part of the contingent expenses of the Senate?
Mr. STEVENS. It is one of the items which
are always put in the appropriation bill from
year to year.
Mr. MAYNARD. The point is this: is this
one of the items for the contingent expenses
of the Senate?
Mr. STEVENS. It is always so inserted.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I understand that
one of the items of the contingent expenses of
the Senate is " for reporting and printing the
proceedings in the Daily Globe for the first ses-
sion of the Fortieth Congress, $21,250." Now,
I do not find under the head of "contingent
expenses of the House of Representatives" any
appropriation for reporting and printing the
proceedings for the use of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I have not looked at that.
Mr. MAYNARD. Now, sir, Ido not under-
stand the bill as the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations understands it. I do
not understand that this is one of the items of
the contingent expenses of the Senate. Hore
are four different items in succession all re-
lating to the publication of the Globe; but
portions of them manifestly do not relate
specially to the Senate. The appropriation
" for reporting and printing the proceedings in
the Daily Globe" seems to be introduced here
without specially belonging in this place,
Mr. STEVENS. I think that this has been
the form of this bill ever since the Globe has
been published under the authority of Congress.
I believe gentlemen will find on looking back
that this is the form in which the bills have
always been passed. The gentleman will find
at the bottom ofpage 8 of this bill the appro-
priations for the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. Nothing is said there, I
believe, about the Daily Globe.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will find
at lines one hundred and seventy-nine and
one. hundred and eighty of page 8 this item:
For reporting and publishing proceedings in the
Daily Globe, $28,000.
That corresponds in form with the appro-
priation for the Senate in the portion of the
bill we are now considering.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would.like the chair-
man of the Committee on impropriations to
state why it is that only $28,000 are necessary
to pay for reporting and printing the proceed-
ings of this House while $21,250, almost as
much, are appropriated for the Senate, a body
embracing some sixty odd members, while
here we have nearly two hundred. Why is it
that the Daily Globe for the House costs so
much less in proportion than it does for the
Senate ?
Mr. STEVENS. It always has been so.
The expenses of the Senate have always been
very much larger, in proportion to the number
of members, than the expenses of the House.
The contingent expenses for stationery, &e.,
are with the Senate much larger, in proportion
to the number of members, than the contin-
gent expenses of the House. But we do not
presume to interfere with that matter. That
branch always fixes its own allowance for com-
pensation, for contingent expenses, &c., and
this branch acquiesces.
Mr. MAYNARD. Well, Mr. Chairman, I
confess that I do not understand this item.
This may be owing to a want of comprehension
on my part, but still this is one of various items
for which we have never had any reason given
except the one that has been given to-day—
"it has always been so"—a prescription be-
yond which the memory of no man now living
runneth to the contrary.
Now, the Daily Globe is a newspaper pub-
lished during the session of Congress in the
city of Washington, for which a subscription
price is charged just as for any other news-
paper. It derives its interest and importance
from the fact that it publishes the proceedings
of Congress. One copy of this paper is placed
d'aily upon the desk of each member and Sen-
ator. I am perfectly willing that the subscrip-
tion price should be paid if gentlemen desire
this ]Daper, and perhaps it is well enough to
have it, though I presume that generally more
gentlemen receive it than read it. The num-
ber of copies, however, furnished to Members
and Senators would not require an appropria-
tion of one half, hardly one tenth of that here
provided for. We know that the congressional
matter published in the Daily Globe is the
same that goes into the Congressional Globe,
for which we pay, as will be seen by this bill, a
very liberal sum in solido for the whole. Then
we pay the reporters. Then we pay, accord-
ing to the number of copies taken, one cent
for every five pages exceeding three thousand.
Thus for the matter contained in the Daily
Globe and the Congressional Globe we pay
three or four times over. It seems to me that
we would pay enough if we paid only for the
newspaper as any other subscriber does.
This whole subject ought to be overhauled,
ought to be reexamined. A proposition was
made at the commencement of this Congress
to do this ; but it was put off; it received the
go-bv for the tirae. the supposition being that
