040
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
power, which they do not possess, but to the
feet that they are legislating so as to cripple and
emasculate, if not to destroy, the authority and
jurisdiction of the judicial as well as the exec-
utive branch of the Government. The bill that
is now before the House is intended to destroy
the independence of the executive department
of the Government. An. aet has also been in-
troduced into this bo fly in relation to the Su-
preme Court of the United States, now com-
posed of nine members, and which court lias
full and plenary authority to decide upon all
questions of the constitutionality of any of the
laws of Congress; which act is intended vir-
tually to deprive that branch of the Govern-
ment of its beneficent power and influence in
preserving the people of the United States and
the State governments from legislative usurp-
ation.
And the jurisdiction of the State courts has
been invaded by requiring causes that have
been instituted in those courts to be taken away
without authority and lodged in the Federal
courts, in order to get in illegal defenses that
would not be admissible in the State courts.
We have seen acts of confiscation, by which the
property of the citizen, without any trial or con-
viction, or adjudication of a court with compe-
tent jurisdiction, is attempted to be wrested
from him, contrary to the Constitution of the
United States. Hence, I hold that the exam-
ples furnished and presented by the acts of the
present Congress, both done and contemplated,
as well as the acts of preceding Congresses show
the importance and the necessity of maintain-
ing these checks and balances in our system of
Government, both State and Federal.
Now, sir, the executive branch of the Gov-
ernment must necessarily hold all the execu-
tive power pertaining to it. You cannot con-
stitutionally strip it of any power that must
necessarily be classified as executive, as contra-
distinguished from judicial or legislative power;
and it is only for candid and intelligent men,
free from party bias and passion, to look for a
moment at any act to be able to decide whether
the power involved is legislative, executive, or
judicial.
Now, what is the object of constitutional gov-
ernment at all? The object is to prescribe
limits, boundaries, and restraints upon the
various departments of the Government in
which the powers of government are lodged;
to say to each Department, "Thus far shalt
thou go, and no farther." In regard to the
Federal Government, it was considered that
there were rights of men and rights and powers
of the States that should not be infringed or
encroached upon by any majority of the legis-
lative branch of the Government, however
great that majority might be. No matter if
some reprehensible measure might be carried
by the entire body of Congress, yet, if they
respect their oaths, they will not be guilty of it,
merely because they have the power of num-
bers, because if they should be guilty of it they
would not only violate their oaths, but depart
from the principles of sound statesmanship and
overthrow and subvert the Constitution of this
Government, which, if carried out as now estab-
lished, will tend to produce all the grand re-
sults which my friend from New York [Mr.
Raymond] could only hope to obtain by claim-
ing that there is an unwritten constitution higher
and above the written one.
Now, I insist upon it, that in order to secure
the independence of the executive branch of
the Government, that it may have the power
and efficiency, according to the design of the
Constitution, to interpose an effectual check
against usurpations upon the part of the legis-
lative branch of the Government, the Execu-
tive must have the exclusively executive power
of making appointments, with the Senate's con-
currence, and of removing all executive officers
at his unfettered and unrestricted pleasure. I
hold that any intervention upon the part of
Congress to fix the tenure of executive officers
m an unwarrantable exercise of power, unau-
thorized by the Constitution. Now, the Con-
stitution is very plain in its terms; we want no
more law upon the subject; the fundamental
law settles the question ; and because it is an
executive power the power of appointment and
removal .is necessarily given to the President
of the .United States; for the power of remov-
ing an executive officer is necessarily an execu-
tive power.
The Constitution says the President shall
nominate and, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, appoint. The word
"President" is the nominative to both the
verbs, the one that precedes and the one that
follows the words " by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate." It is the President
who nominates; if he does not nominate the
Senate cannot act at all. If the President-,
there being a vacancy, does make a nomina-
tion, and the advice and consent of the Senate
is asked, then whether the consent be given or
refused, if an appointment is made at all it
must be made by the President alone, and he
is not prohibited from appointing his own
nominee notwithstanding the disapproval of
the Senate.
The same clause of the Constitution provides
that the Congress maj' by law place the appoint-
ment of inferior officers in the heads of De-
partments and in courts of law. Now, what
does any candid, intelligent man understand
to be the meaning of that clause of the Consti-
tution in regard to inferior officers ? He under-
stands it, and can understand it reasonably, in
no other way than as meaning that the author-
ity of Congress to place the appointment of
inferior officers in the heads of the Department
had reference of course exclusively to those
inferior officers who were employed in con-
ducting the business of that Department alone.
Does that constitutional provision authorize
Congress to vest in the hands of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury the power to appoint post-
masters, and vice versa, to vest in the Post-
master General the appointment of subor-
dinate officers of the Treasury Department?
Surely not.
So, too, in regard to the courts. When Con-
gress is authorized to confer on the courts of
law the appointing power it simply means
that Congress may by legislative act authorize
the different tribunals to appoint the various
subordinate officers necessary to aid in the
administration of justice. Who can with any
show of reason maintain that Congress has the
right by law to vest in the hands of the judges
the appointment of a Treasury officer—to con-
fer, as is proposed, on the Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court the power to appoint the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue V By such an act
we should bestow on the judicial department
of the Government executive power which
under the Constitution can be exercised by the
executive department only. If you thus strip
the executive branch of its legitimate func-
tions, you should at the same time relieve it of
the corresponding responsibility.
No intelligent, candid man, unbiased by
party zeal or party passions, can believe other-
wise than that the Constitution intended that
the appointing power to be lodged in the courts
should be confined to the subordinate officers
of those courts, such as sheriffs, marshals,
messengers, clerks, &c., officers necessary to
aid in the administration of justice and in the
exercise of the powers or functions pertaining
to the judicial department.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. HISE. It will interrupt me very much
indeed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is but a single question,
which the gentleman can answer in a word. I
wish the gentleman to say whether a marshal
is not an executive officer, and whether, under
the law which has existed almost from the
foundation of this Government, the power to
appoint deputy-marshals has not been lodged
with the courts. .
Mr. HISE. I look upoh the office of mar-
shal as similar to the office of sheriff. The
marshal is the officer whose duty it is to exe-
cute the processes, mesne and final, of the
courts, to carry their sentences into execution
and to enforce and collect their judgments.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then he is an executive
officer,
Mr. HISE. _ Not necessarily executive. He*
is the ministerial officer of a court ; and I would
not deny the authority of Congress to vest the
appointment of marshals in the courts of which
they are officers; not at all; because I look
upon the marshal as a part of the auxiliary
force of the judicial department, necessary in
order to carry out its judgments and decrees.
It is true that the Congress of the United States,
by various acts, providing for taking the census,
&c., has charged these marshals with executive
functions, but improperly in my opinion. I
hold that the marshal is a quasi judicial officer
—an officer connected with the administration
of judicial functions.
Now, what is to be the doctrine?" That the
President of the United States shall be held
responsible for all' maladministration in the
executive branch of the Government, for all .
failure to execute the laws. He is the only
officer known to the Constitution in whom is
lodged the executive power of the Govern-
ment. To none others is that power confided
except as his auxiliaries, adjuncts, aiders, and
assistants. The executive head of the Ad-
ministration is responsible for his subordinates.'
He is responsible for the heads of the various
Departments. He is responsible for the man-
agement of the business of those Departments.
Being thus responsible, the President neces-
sarily must have the power to remove these
subordinates at pleasure. The Senate cannot
appoint: the Senate cannot remove. To say
that the President shall not remove a high of-
ficer is to say that he shall not be removed at
all. Thus we have the anomalous condition
of things, that an officer of the executive
department resists and refuses to execute
the commands of his constitutional superior
charged with carrying out the laws of Con-
gress ; and there is 110 power of the superior
to enforce the obedience of the inferior, or in
case of obdurate disobedience to put in his
place a faithful and obedient officer! Thus
the subordinate is higher than the principal:
the inferior sets at defiance his official superior.
By your bill the President is not allowed to
remove from office, and by the Constitution the
Senate cannot remove, except upon impeach-
ment. Neither, then, alone can remove. We
have an Executive elected for four years, and
the subordinates appointed by him, unless
there is an agreement to remove him or them
between the President and Senate, will hold
their offices during life, unless bylaw the term
of office should be limited. The Senate alone
cannot remove, and you deny that the Presi-
dent alone can do it. Then it lepends on the
agreement between the President and the Sen-
ate whether a corrupt and incompetent official
should be removed. Will they agree? They
will never agree when the Senate is composed
of a large majority of the political enemies of
the Executive.
The President cannot remove and the Senate
cannot remove, and they cannot agree ; what
is to be the result of this state of things? Sub-
ordinate officers will have paramount author-
ity ; they may stand out in defiance of the
President, their superior officer. Not only is
the Constitution against this condition of things,
but it ought to be against it. The President is
the man who is to select. He is supposed to
be of high and illustrious character, who has
been raised to exalted position by the judgment
of the people. He is put into the presidential
office, charged with all its powers and respon-
sibilities, including the power to remove cor-
rupt and incompetent officers and the power
to appoint those who are honest and compe-
tent. If you take it from him and give it to
the Senate, what is the result? If you give it
to him ana the Senate conjointly, what is the
result? The result -will be a dead-lock. If not
