1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1.
Fourth Congress appropriations were made for
reporting the debates of the Thirty-Fifth Con-
gress. Similar appropriations were made by
the Thirty-Fifth, Thirty-Sixth, Thirty-Seventh,
and Thirty-Eighth Congresses to pay for re-
porting the proceedings of the next Congresses.
The appropriations made by the Thirty-Eighth
Congress were upon the condition. that there-
after the proceedings of Congress should be
published in the Daily Globe of the day sub-
sequent to the day such proceedings were had,
ana delivered "to both Houses at the time of
their meeting j which provision was to take
effect at the/then -next session of Congress.
The whole legislation of Congress seems to
have proceeded upon the theory of a continu-
ing agreement under the resolutions of March
1, 1847, and February 4, 1850.
Mr. MAYNARD. How was the Globe pub-
lished before that time? It extends back to
1835 or 1836, I believe.
Mr. COOK. I cannot say.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Cook] will permit me, I willendeavor
to answer the question of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard. ] The Annals of
Congress were reported by one of the editors
and proprietors of the National Intelligencer
for a great many years and published by him,
and Congress purchased the volumes of him.
I suppose all the members of Congress who
were here at that time have that work in their
own libraries, except, perhaps, some who have
sold-their copies, which I am told was done in
some instances. The Annals of Congress were
got np by the senior editor of the National In-
telligencer, one of the ablest reporters of that
day. The Congressional Globe and Appendix
have taken the place of that work.
Mr. COOK.* By the provisions of chapter
250 of the laws of the United States, approved
July 4, 1864,. section ope, the Secretary of the
Senate and the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives are directed to purchase from the
publishers of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix, for each Senator, Representative,
and Delegate in that and each succeeding Con-
gress, one complete set of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix from the beginning.
The second section provides that there shall
be paid to the publishers of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix one cent for every five
pages exceedingthree thousand pages for a long
session, or fifteen hundred pages for a short
session, including indexes and the laws of the
United States for that and each future Congress.
The fourth section provides that the above
provisions are upon the express condition that
they may be abrogated by either Congress or
the publishers of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix by giving two years' notice.
It seems, therefore, that there is a contract
with the publishers of the Congressional Globe
and Appendix, which contract cannot be term-
inated except by giving them two years' notice.
That seems to be the substance of the legislation
hitherto upon this subject.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, as I under-
stand, the only thing in the shape of a contract
that was brought to the attention of the com-
mittee was a resolution of this House adopted
in 1847 authorizing members to subscribe for
twelve copies of the Congressional Globe, and
a subsequent resolution authorizing subscrip-
tions for twelve additional copies. There was
also, I believe, some subsequent legislation in
the Thirty-Eighth Congress, which it is claimed
goes to create a contract. I was not a mender
of that Congress, and my attention was not
called to that legislation; but I was in Congress
before the war when this question came up,
and we were assured over and over again, as
we are assured now, that there was a contract
obligatory upon us all. It would seem that
this contract whpn it comes to bo examined
rests upon nothing more than a resolution
authorizing members to subscribe for twelve
copies of the Globe, and a subsequent resolu-
tion authorizing subscriptions for twelve addi-
tional copies. It is time that this thing should
be stopped, if we have any power to do it; and
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 12.
I trust that the Committee on Printing will
report some measure that will at least get this
thing into our own hands; for as I have already
said these appropriations for the Globe have
been a fungus upon the Treasury ever since I
have known anything about the proceedings of
Congress, and the. syatem bids fair, according
to the present mode of legislation, to go on
indefinitely through this and succeeding gen-
erations.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Chairman, I do not be-
lieve that the printers of the Globe have any
contract with this House that binds us. Our
arrangement with them is certainly plainly
written in the history of our legislation, and it
ought to be regarded by us; but it is an ar-
rangement to subscribe for the Globe; and
inasmuch as they print the proceedings at great
length, we pay something toward the report-
ing. It is precisely such an arrangement as a
man makes with any newspaper by subscribing
for it and by paying occasionally for the inser-
tion of matter which is of peculiar interest to
himself. We ought not to be held bound to
continue this arrangement in consequence of
any such understanding as that.
Now, I do not complain of the expense of
this publication, as the gentleman from Ten-
nessee does; nor of the manner in which the
reporting or publication has been performed;
bu£ in my opinion it is of the highest possible
importance that the reporters and the publica-
tion of the reports should be under the exclu-
sive control of the House; and whether it cost
more or less, the House, in the exercise of one
of its highest and most important privileges,
should take into its own hands the direction
of this matter. I hope that the suggestion of
the chairman of the Committee on Printing,
which looks to this end, will be carried out.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Maynard, it was not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read as follows:
For one complete set of the Congressional Globe
and Appendix for each Senator in the Thirty-Ninth
Congress who has not already received them: Pro-
vided, however, That any Senator who has already,
as a member of the House of Representatives, re-
ceived a portion of a set of the Congressional Globe
shall only be entitled to receive as such Senator,the
additional volumes required to complete one full
set, $9,375.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in the sixty-sixth line, before the word
"Congress," the words "Thirty-Ninth." and
inserting in lieu thereof the word "Fortieth."
This amendment is to correct a misprint.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
by adding at the end of the paragraph just
read the following:
Provided, That no farther appropriations shall be
made for supplying complete sets of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix to members of any succeeding
Congress.
I understand that under the requirement of
two years' notice we cannot .refuse this ap-
propriation to furnish these volumes to the new
members of the Fortieth Congress, but we
can declare by law that we will make no fur-
ther appropriation for providing members of
succeeding Congresses with sets of the Con-
gressional Globe.
I remember very well that two years ago
when the Committee on Printing presented
tlfe proposition for the purchase of these vol-
umes, the House in the first instance negatived
it; but afterward it somehow went through.
The law as then passed provided for supplying
to every new member of Congress a complete
set of the Congressional Globe and Appendix
from the beginning of the publication to the
time of his taking his seat. Gentlemen can
see how this system, if continued, will grow in
proportions from year to year. We all know
that there are very few no.w members elected
to the next Congress; yet it requires an ap-
propriation of nearly $50,000 to furnish these
volumes to new Members and Senators of the
Fortieth Congress. It is obvious that if the
system be continued we shall before many
years find it necessary to appropriate half a
million dollars, then a million; and thus as time,
goes on the expense will constantly increase.
If the furnishing of these volumes be in-
tended as a sort of subsidy to members of
Congress I can only say that it seems to me
we are already receiving pay enough. If it is
intended as a benefit to the publishers of the.
Congressional Globe_, and so I suppose it was
originally, if it is a gift to them, j do not know
the Government is under any obligation, to
keep it up.
We provide thatthere ahall.be deposited one
hundred copies of th6 Globe in the Library of
Congress. A hundred copies is enough for
the members of Congress.. But then in addi-
tion we give members twenty-fbur copies each.
It seems to me high time that we should stop it.
These leaks are growing in proportion every
year. These amounts are constantly increasing,'
and there is no telling to what sum they will
reach if we do not stop them. It is easy to
ingraft them on the Government, but it is
almost impossible afterward to get rid of them.
I propose by my amendment to give the two
years' notice that we will not, for the Fortieth.
Congress, provide members with complete sets
of the Globe.
Mr. SP ALDING. I think the member from
Illinois is right. When some two years ago we
attempted to distribute these copies of the en-
tire Globe among members we did it as afavor
to the publishers of the Globe. I understood
they had this number of surplus copies on hand
and that Congress would favor them by buying
them and sending them around the country, and
we supposed it was as good a mode as any to
let each member of Congress take one. I did
not believe we were to establish a rule to inure
for all time to come. I did not suppose this
Globe was to be repeated year after year and
the Government was to be subjected perpetually
to the expense of furnishing each member of
Congress with a copy. I am willing to retrace
my steps if I was mistaken and go with the gen-
tleman from Illinois in putting on this limit-
ation by way of proviso, that for the Fortieth
Congress this practice shall be stopped so far
as we have anything to do with it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Under the old law giving
members eight dollars a day, the compensation
was clearly and manifestly inadequate, but Con-
gress, disliking to incur the odium of directly
raising their salary, had by indirection been
voting themselves a large amount of books, the
Annals of Congress, the Register of Debates,
the Congressional Globe, and various other
books, estimated in the laws passed from time
to time atso much a volume, and which amounted
to from twelve to fifteen dollars to each member.
This was an indirect mode of doing what ought
to have been done directly, that is to give mem-
bers an adequate compensation.
As a matter of faot, instead of taking these
books the members were in the habit of com-
pounding with the Clerk, or going through the
formality of receiving the books and then
selling them back to him, pocketing some-
thing like one thousand dollars each. I see a
gentleman who was a member of Congress
under that regime, and perhaps recollects
something about what I have stated. I do not
say he participated in it. Perhaps he did not.
The Thirty-Fourth Congress passed a law
changing the mode of compensation from a per
diem to an annual salary, giving each member
$3,000 a year, with the provision if thereafter
Congress should vote books to individual mem-
bers, the members who received those books
should have them charged up against their sal-
ary and they should be accounted for. We
heard no more of books after that until the
lasS Congress. The last Congress passed this
legislation which has been referred to voting
to members this supply of books—I believe
the Congressional Globe and Appendix from
the commencement, a full series. Whether
the value of the books has been compounded
with the Clerk I do not know, and perhaps it
is not necessary to inquire, but after having
our salaries increased from $3,000 to §5,000
it seems to me this further indirect compensa-
