1618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio: The memorial of 480
loyal white citizens of Xorth Carolina, praying for
the organization of a territorial or provisional gov-
ernment for North Carolina, to be controlled by loyal
citizens.
By Mr. DONNELLY: Theresolutions of a conven-
tion of editors and publishers of the State of Minne-
sota, in favor of the removal of the internal revenue
tax upon advertisements.
By Mr. HUMPHREY': The petition for^ relief of
letter-carriers in the po?t office in Buffalo, New York.
By Mr. PIKE: The memorial of owner of wrecked
bark Ange (Jardien, for American register.
By Mr. TABER: The petition of citizens of Suffolk
county, New York, for a life-saving station at Hor-
ton's Point, Long Island.
W SENATE.
Wednesday, February 20, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. Richard S. James, of New
Jersey.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
the constitutional amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
resolution of the Legislature of Pennsylvania,
ratifying the amendment to the Constitution
of the United States proposed to the several
States by a joint resolution of Congress, passed
on the 13th day of June, 1866, to be desig-
nated article fourteen of Amendments to the
Constitution ; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. MORGAN. I present a memorial of
merchants of the city of New York, in which
they represent that they are made familiar in
the course of their business with the character
and extent of the duties performed by deputy
collectors of customs, deputy naval officers,
deputy surveyors, and assistant appraisers at
that port; that their duties are numerous
and important, and the compensation paid
therefor is inadequate. The memorialists
therefore pray as an act of justice that the sal-
aries of those officers be increased in corre-
spondence with the enhancement of all articles
of necessity, and in accordance with the in-
crease of compensation in all departments of
commerce and manufactures. This memorial
is very numeronsly signed by the largest mer-
chants in New York. I ask its reference to
the Committee on Commerce.
It was so referred.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Harper's Ferry, West Virginia, praying
that the house and lot on Camp Hill now'used
as a school-house may be donated to them for
school purposes ; which was ordered to lie on
the table, the committee having reported on the
subject.
He also presented a petition of late officers
of several Massachusetts regiments, praying to
be allowed a share in the equalization of boun-
ties ; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. POMEROY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Kansas, in favor of a grant of
land to that State for school purposes, as an
equivalent for the sixteenth and thirty-sixth
sections disposed of by the Government; which
■were referred to the Committee 011 Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Kansas, in favor of the donation to that
State of that part of the Fort Riley reservation
lying south and west of the Republican river
and north of the line of the Union Pacific rail-
road, eastern division, for the support of an
orphans' home for the children of deceased
Kansas soldiers ; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia
and ordered to be printed. '
Mr. PATTERSON presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Tennessee, in favor of a
pant of land to aid in the construction of the
Tennessee Pacific railroad; which were referred
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Kansas, in favor of the passage
of the bill (S. No. 462) to admit the State of
Colorado into the Union, the objections of
the President to the contrary notwithstanding ;
which were ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed."
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of an
appropriation to aid in defraying the expenses
of transporting articles to the Paris Exposi-
tion : which was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
Mr. ROSS presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of the establishment
of a National Bureau of Education; which were
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of the removal of
Colonel J. H. Leavenworth, the present agent
of certain hostile tribes of Indians on the west-
ern and southwestern frontier of that State;
which were referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of a grant of land to
aid in the construction of the St. Joseph and
Denver City railroad ; which were referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
deports of committees.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on the
i District of Columbia, to whom was referred
[ the bill (H. R. No. 1142) to amend the act en-
titled "An act to incorporate the Newsboys'
Home," and also for the relief of abandoned
children in the District of Columbia, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 910) granting lands to the State of
Oregon to aid in the construction of a military
wagon-road from Dalles City, on the Columbia
river, to Fort Bois6, on the Snake river; re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. LANE, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred the petition of
Isabella M. Boyle, the petition of Lucretia B.
Johnson, the petition of Michael Hennesey,
the petition of Adaline G. Tarr, and the reso-
lutions of the Legislature of Kansas in favor
of a pension being granted to Eliza Drake,
reported adversely thereon, the cases being
covered by the general law, if the facts stated
be true.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 552) to incorporate the Colored
Mutual Building Association of the city of
Washington, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 560) to create the
office of surrogate of the District of Colum-
bia, to provide for the appointment of a sur-
rogate, and define his powers and duties, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. CONNESS, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of D. B. Allen & Co., sub-
mitted a report accompanied by a bill (S. No.
613) to provide for the payment of D. B. Allen
& Co. fo^r services in carryingthe UnitedStates
mails. The bill was read and passed to a sec-
ond reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom the subject was referred,
reported a bill (S. No. 614) authorizing the
Secretary of the Navy to transfer the United
States iron-clad Onondaga to George Quintard,
of New York; which was read and passed to
a second reading.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a motion to
print the resolutions of the National Conven-
tion of Colored Soldiers and Sailors of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, adopted January
10, 1867, in favor of granting the elective fran-
chise to all persons, without distinction of race
or color, asked to be discharged from its-further I
consideration, it not coming under the rule
which has been adopted by the committee.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. K1RKWOOD, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 280) for the relief of the
mother of Charles O. Rowohl, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 590) granting jurisdiction to the Court
of Claims in a certain cause involving the right
to the use of a patent, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Claims; which
was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Mary
Good, praying to be granted a pension, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Pensions ; which was agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 901) to regulate the selec-
tion of juries for the several courts of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported adversely thereon,
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
telegraphic reporters.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution direct-
ing the Sergeant-at-Arms to provide seats on
the floor of the Senate for the accommodation
of one reporter for the New York Associated
Press and one reporter for the United States
and European News Association, have in-
structed me to make a verbal report. A num-
ber of Senators have spoken to the committee
on this subject. The opinion of the committee
was that it was advisable to pass the resolution,
for it is manifestly impracticable for the re-
porters to make accurate reports unless they
can have a better place for hearing ; but there
were a great many Senators opposed to it, and
it did not seem advisable to the committee that
this change should be made, which is a some-
what radical one, with a strong minority against
it. Since that time one of the associations, the
United States and European News Associa-
tion, has been dissolved, and the old Associ-
ated Press is the only one to which the resolution
would apply. The representative of that asso-
ciation does not desire this accommodation,
especially if there be any Senators who think
it would not be advisable. I think, if a page
could be stationed at the reporter's gallery,
with authority to communicate with Senators,
and with orders to convey no other messages,
it would be of considerable advantage ; for fre-
quently the reporters desire to obtain the exact
words of a resolution, and not having access to
the floor, they have no means of doing it, except
by calling out Senators, which is unpleasant to
them and to us, or waiting until after the Sen-
ate adjourns to communicate with the clerks,
and then it is too late for the evening papers,
and late for the morning papers. The commit-
tee ask to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the resolution.
The report was agreed to.
sale of colored children into slavery.
Mr. POLAND. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 157 ) to protect children of African descent
from being enslaved, in violation of the Consti-
tution of the United States, have had it under
consideration and have directed me to report
it with a recommendation that it be indefinitely
postponed. We think that the object of the
bill is accomplished by the civil rights bill that
was passed at the last session and by the habeas
corpus bill of the present session, and that 110
further legislation is needed. •
The PRESIDENT jpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the report of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to postpone indefinitely
the bill just reported by the Senator from Ver-
mont.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that is disposed of I
