178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
tion in the shape of additional books ought to
be suspended. I think it ought to be sus-
pended and that the paragraph should be
stricken out.
Mr. HALE. I trust this paragraph will not
be stricken out, and I think I can present to
members of the House a single consideration
that ought to weigh with them.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is to add
a proviso and not to strike out the paragraph.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. HALE. I understood the gentleman
from Tennessee, before taking his seat, to
move as a substitute for that amendment to
strike out the paragraph.
Mr. MAYNARD. No, sir; I said it ought
to be stricken out. *
Mr. HALE. I have only to say this: the
large majority of members of this House, it
seems to me, have no occasion to interfere
with this question. They are reelected to their
positions here, they have no successors to
provide for, and I submit whether, with proper
deference and regard to the feelings of those
few on this side of the House or on the other,
who have wrung from our constituents a re-
luctant consent that we be permitted to stay at
home for the next Congress, we ought not to be
allowed to do the handsome thing for our suc-
cessors. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
wlftther, as a lawyer, he supposes a provision
inserted here would be an obstacle in the way
of any future appropriation.
Mr. HALE. I answer that I have not in-
serted any provision, and it has not occurred
to me that anything has been proposed on the
subject that would be of the slightest effect.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Fap.nswoeth, no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair appointed
Messrs. Farnsworth and Hale.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 53, noes 45.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out" five"
in line one hundred and five and insert '' sis'
also to strike out'' $4,380'' andinsert "$5,256;"
so that the item will read thus:
Six firemen at $2 40 each per day, 85,256.
There is another boiler added to the works
which requires an additional fireman, making
six.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For one complete set of the Congressional Globe
and Appendix for each Representative in the Fortieth
Congress, and each Delegate who hasnot received the
same heretofore, $'37,500.
Mr. COOK. I move to add.to the foregoing
the following:
Provided, That notice is hereby given that at the
close of the Fortieth Congress the United States will
terminate the purchase of one complete set of the
Congressional Globe and Appendix for each Senator,
Bepresentative, and Delegate provided for by the act
approved July 4,1864.
The question being taken on the amendment,
no quorum voted.
Tellerswereordered; andtheChairappointed
Messrs. Cook and Fabssworth.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a point of order. This
amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The point comes.too late.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 52, noes 46.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For compensation of Librarian, fiveassistantlibra-
rians, messenger, and laborers, $13,680.
For twenty per cent, additional on the above,
82,736,
Mr. HARDING-. I raise the point of order
that there is no law authorizing the last appro-
priation of twenty per cent.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that there is a law and therefore overrules the
point of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the chairman of
the committee tell us what is tSe basis of this
of twenty per cent, additional;
; is the mode of increasing the sal-
aries of these functionaries or whether it has
been already allowed by law ?
Mr. STEVENS. It is allowed by law.
Mr. MAYNARD. How many years back?
Mr. STEVENS. It began, I think, since
the war commenced.
Mr. MAYNARD. While thewarwas going
on these things, I suppose, did not attract
attention and went through the House without
inquiry. I want to know if this is incorpo-
rated here for the first time.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no.
Mr. MAYNARD. What is the amount of
pay of these officers?
Mr. STEVENS. Yon will see it above—
"For compensation of Librarian, five assistant
librarians, messenger, and laborers, $13,080."
Mr. MAYNARD. I snppose they are now
paid that sum.
Mr. SLOAN. I would like to know why the
Chair overruled the point of order raised by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Harding.]
The CHAIRMAN. The appropriation is in
accordance with a law passed last session on
the 28th of July.
Mr. SLOAN. I am informed that that law
applied to last year only.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that the law is a continuing one.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask these questions in
order to ascertain beforehand whether or hot
I will move an amendment. About ten years ago
the compensation of the officers of this House
was raised twenty per cent. I am not aware
whether the salaries of the Librarian and his
assistants were raised at that time or not. I
will ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Steveyr] if he can state whether at the time
the salaries of the officers of this House were
increased twenty pereent. in the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, the salaries of the Librarian and his
assistants were increased?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not think they were
at that time.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then this ought to be
left in the bill.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I move to
strike out the following item under the heading
" Library of Congress
For twenty per cent, additional on the above,
$2,736.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out the
following, being lines two hundred and twenty-
four, two hundred and twenty-five, and two
hundred and twenty-six of the printed bill:
For twenty per cent, additional allowance on the
above, #1,229 16.
I make this motion for the purpose of saying
that I have now before me the act of the last
session, concerning which I inquired some time
since. Section eighteen of that act provides—
" That there bo allowed and paid to the officers,
clerks, committee clerks, messengers, and all other
employes of the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, and to the Globe and official reporters of each
House, and the stenographer of the House, and to
the Capitol police, aim the three superintendents of
the pnblie gardens, their clerks and assistants, and
to the Librarian, assistantlibrarians, messengers, and
othercinployfis of the Congressional Library, an addi-
tion of twenty per cent, on their present pay, to
common co with the present Congress."
That is the law that was approved on the
28lh of July, 1806, and this item of course
appears in this appropriation bill for the first
time. I am satisfied upon reference to this
law, as I was not before, that this item is
proper and should be left in the bill. I with-
draw my amendment.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to amend the clause which reads :
For payments of judgments which may bo rend-
ered by the Court [of Claims] in favor of claimants,
$1,000,000.
By adding to it the following: ,
Provided, That no part of tho money hereby appro-
priated shall be paid up tit tho judgments of said
court shall be confirmed by Congress.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a point of order.
By the law as it now stands the amount of
these judgments are to be paid upon the rend-
ition of the judgments and the presentation
of the certificates to the Treasury Department.
This proviso proposes to repeal a portion of
that law; it is entirely new legislation in an
appropriation bill, and therefore out of order.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Lawbexce, of Penn-
sylvania.) The Chair overrules the point of
order.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Washbtjbse, of Illinois.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is , my impression just
at this moment that no more unwise legislation
than the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Hlinois [Mr. Washburne] could be
introduced into Congress touching these mat-
ters. I believe that the records of Congress for
the five years preceding the organization of this
Court of Claims, as compared with the rec-
ords of the court of the appropriations of money
to discharge claims against the Government of
the United States, will show that no wiser legis-
lation in the way of economy has taken place
in the Congress of the United States, than that
which provided for the establishment of this
court. I beg leave to say to gentlemen here
that Ihavenodoubt that, comparing tie amount
charged against the Treasury of the United
States by the action of the last Congress, the
Thirty-Eighth Congress, upon claims against the
Government of the United States, with the
amount under the legislation of any Congress
upon similar subjects, preceding the establish-
ment of this Court of Claims, the amount in
the former case will not be as one dollar to
ten in the latter case, and I challenge gentle-
men to the investigation.
Yet it is now proposed by this amendment
to bring all these questions back into Congress,
and to have again all manner- of log-rolling
here upon claims of from five hundred to five
million dollars. I ask how can a body of two
hundred men understand the merits of a case
depending upon a large amount of conflicting
testimony? I undertake to say that there is
not one case in a hundred decided in the Con-
gress of the United States, resting upon the
testimony of conflicting witnesses, in regard
to which one member in fifty—and I say it with
all respect to members—could give an intelli-
gible account of the testimony upon which the
case was decided.
The law was originally passed to transfer
these claims to the Court ot Claims for consid-
eration, in order that the country might be
protected against unjust and unfair demands;
that the country might be protected as well
against hasty legislation as against legislation
giving away the money of the country to clam-
orous claimants, where there was no tolerable
excuse for the demand at all. For myself, I
feel constrained to say that I must oppose this
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois,
although in the main I feel inclined to support
the motions which he makes touching the
appropriation of money. If he ever in his
lffe made a mistake, in my judgment he ha?
made a mistake in this amendment. It simply
amounts to a repeal of the Court of Claims ;
for it says that the decisions of all cases shall
rest at last with Congress, ninety-nine in each
hundred of whose members will not understand
the merits of the cases to be decided by them.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ithinkthc
gentleman from Ohio does not meet my point.
This amendment does not imply any hostility
to the Court of Claims. It proposes simply to
require that court to send to us its judgments.
We do not propose to take from the court, as
the gentleman's argument would imply, the
jurisdiction of an investigation.
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly, if the amend-
ment be adopted it contemplates that Congress
shall affirm or disaffirm the judgments of the
court.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand that; but it will not take from the court
the right to examine judicially into these claims.
The court at present under our legislation has
not only this right, but its award in any case,
unless reversed on appeal to the Supreme
