942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
ican officer of high grade should occupy a po-
sition of such absolute dependence on the will
of another. The idea is European, not Amer-
ican. It is appropriate to monarchical sys-
tems, where the highest officers of the court
are but creatures of the Crown. It appears to
me utterly inappropriate in a free Republic,
and I hope we shall make an end of it.
Mr. HALE. I now move the previous ques-
tion on the bill and the pending amendments;
but before pressing that motion I will yield
for a moment to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Williams] to offer the amendment
of which he has given notice.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I offer the amendment,
which is to come in after line five of section
three.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent
the amendment can be entertained at this time,
to be voted on in its order. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. GARFIELD. If the first amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania prevails,
a similar amendment will be needed in the
second section. I offer that amendment if
there be no objection.
No objection was made, and the amendment
was entertained.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, I shall endeavor
to be very brief in what I have to say upon this
bill; but before I proceed I desire to ask leave
of absence after to-day in consequence of ill-
ness in my family.
No objection was made, and the leave of
absence was granted.
Mr. HALE. Two conflicting theories on
the subject of the power of removal from office
have been propounded in this House, one of
them by the gentleman from Ohio, who first
spoke this morning, [Mr. Finuk,] founded on
the grave and venerable authority of Madison,
that the power of removal by force of the Con-
stitution rests in the President alone as the
chief executive officer of the Government, and
that no power exists in Congress to change or
transfer that power; the other is the theory
claimed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Williams] and by the other gentleman
from Pennsylvania who recently addressed the
House, [Mr. Stevexs,] that by force of the
Constitution the power of removal rests only
in the President jointly with the Senate in the
same manner in which the power of appoint-
ment is given.
This bill is based upon neither of those prop-
ositions, but in contradiction of both. Neither
theory, I undertake to say, can be maintained
logically from the Constitution itself. Neither
theory, notwithstanding the eminent authori-
ties that have been cited on both sides, can be
sustained by judicial construction. Neither
theory can be maintained by legislative con-
struction. But the true theory, sustained by
the best and ablest writers on the Constitution,
sustained by judicial authority, sustained by
the consistent and unvarying course of legisla-
tive action, puts the power of removal from
office on the ground on which this bill puts it;
which is, that where the Constitution is silent,
where it does not in express terms provide for
the manner in which officers may be removed,
it does not, as a matter of logical conclusion,
devolve either upon the President alone or
upon the President jointly with the Senate, but
that it is a case to be supplied by legislation.
The power to create offices vested in the legis-
lative department assumes and implies neces-
sarily a power also to fix the characteristics of
the office, its nature, its duties, its duration,
and its tenure. This is no new proposition. It
was avowed in the earlier writings of Mr. Mad-
ison, although he afterward, in the constitu-
tional debates, abandoned that ground and oc-
cupied the one which has been maintained to-day
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr Finck] and
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Hise.]
In Nos. 38 and 48 of the Federalist, Mr.
Madison certainly uses language which can
have no other construction than this view of
the power of the Legislature to fix the tenure
of office. A difference of opinion arose early
upon this very question. Hamilton, in the
77th jiumber of the Federalist, took the ground
now occupied by the two gentlemen from Penn-
sylvania, that the power of removal must rest
in the same hands as the power of appoint-
ment—that is with the President and the Sen-
ate. The question came up for debate in the
First Congress upon a bill establishing the office
of Secretary of Foreign Affairs in 1789. I
undertake to say that those who maintain that
that Congress fixed and established the prin-
ciple that the Constitution vested the power of
removal in the President alone labor under a
misapprehension. The debate took a wide
range and was engaged in by many of the
strongest and ablest men of that day. The
question was simply whether the officer to be
created, the Secretary of Foreign Affairs,
should be removable by the Senate alone or
by the President alone, or by the conjoint ac-
tion of the Presidentrand the Senate.
Mr. Madison, in the early stages of the dis-
cussion, based the argument rather on the
ground of convenience and propriety than upon
that of constitutional right. But before the
close of the debate he announced the broad
ground that by force of the Constitution the
power must vest necessarily in the President
alone ; that he as the supreme executive head
of the nation must have the power of removal
from office.
But Mr. Madison was not the only advocate
of the provision in that bill providing that the
Secretary should be removable at the will of
the President. Other gentlemen advocated it
on the ground that it was matter of propriety;
that the Secretary of Foreign Affairs was in
fact the chief clerk, the confidential adviser of
the President, and therefore there was eminent
fitness that he at least should be removable at
the will of the President alone. Among the
gentlemen who voted for retaining this clause
in the bill, a large majority of those who spoke
upon the question put it upon the ground of
expediency only, and not upon that of consti-
tutional rights. Among the names of those
who voted in the affirmative upon the question
of retaining the power of removal in the Pres-
ident was at least one gentleman, who in the
debate stood expressly committed to the idea
that the Constitution did not of itself confine
the power to the President. He announced
and maintained that doctrine in some very
Eertinent and forcible remarks. I refer to Mr.
ivermore, of New Hampshire.
That debate, therefore, and that first vote of
Congress did not determine anything upon this
question. It did not make a legislative con-
struction upon the subject of the power of the
President to remove; although several differ-
ent writers since that time, and some of them
writers of distinction, have fallen into the mis-
take, while even the courts have fallen into a
different mistake concerning that debate. That
debate alone unless followed by some action
certainly could not be held to give a controlling
legislative construction to this section of the
Constitution.
In different laws, which I will not now enu-
merate, creating heads of different Departments
and subordinate officers, passed from time to
time from that period down to this, and I may
say, I believe, in every decade at least of our,
existence as a nation, this matter has been
passed upon by Congress. And how ? Not by
giving a legislative construction as to what the
Constitution implies may be done in regard to
removals from office, but by granting the ex-
press power to the President to remove ; a thing
which would be wholly needless if the power
was already in the Constitution itself. Legis-
lative construction in order to be binding must
be in the nature of prescription; it must be
uniform and consistent, always recognizing the
same doctrine of the Constitution.
Now, so far is this from being the case, that
in addition to the instances to which I hays/
referred, where in the statutes the express power
was given to the President to remove «withe.ut
the concurrence of the Senate, at least one case
has met the approval of Congress, and with-
out question upon that point; it was made the
subject of a very rigid and searching debate;
and the power of removal was expressly con-
fined to the President, with the approval and
consent of the Senate. In the act of February,
1863, creating tne Bureau of the Currency, it
was expressly provided that the Comptroller
of the Currency should be removable only by
the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate.
Instead, then, of finding a uniform course of
precedent of legislative construction in favor
of this constitutional power, the whole course
of legislative precedent is against it, and pre-
cisely in favor of the doctrine upon which this
bill is based, that the Constitution being silent
it is a proper subject of legislative action to
determine the tenure of these offices which the
legislative power creates.
This has been recognized, too, by the courts.
I refer to the case which was read this morn-
ing by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Fikck,]
and I call his attention and the attention of
the House to the manner in which the Supreme
Court decided this question. The case cited
by him is the case of ex parte Hennan, 13 #nd
14 Peters. This very opinion contains one
erroneous expression as to the nature of the
debate of 1789 ; but that is immaterial to the
case. It certainly gives the true doctrine, as
the court understood it, in regard to the con-
struction of the Constitution in this respect.
Mr. Justice Thompson, in delivering the
opinion of the court, says :
" In the absence of all constitutional provision or
statutory regulation "—
Mark the words ; they are such as never could
have been employed except upon the idea
that " statutory regulation'' was admissible
under the Constitution—
" In the absence of all constitutional provision or
statutory regulation, it would seem to bo a sound
and necessary rule to consider the power of removal
as incident to the power of appointment. This power
of removal from office was a subject much disputed,
and upon which a great diversity of opinion was en-
tertained in the early history of the Government,
j This related, however, to the power of the President
to remove officers appointed with the concurrence of
the Senate; and the great question was, whether the
removal was to be by the President alone or with the
concurrence of the Senate, both constituting the ap-
pointing power. No one denied"—
In this Justice Thompson was in error, for
Mr. Madison denied it; but so far as regards
the decision of Congress it was undoubtedly
true that Congress did not deny it—
"No one denied the power of the President and
Senate jointly to remove where the tenure of the
office was not fixed by the Constitution : which was
a fall recognition of the principle that the power of
removal was incident to the power of appointment."
There is the solemn declaration of the Su-
preme Court upon this point. ' It is explicit
and full, covering the whole doctrine for which
I now contend. I cannot occupy further time
in the discussion of this question of power.
The argument of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Williams] on this subject, pre-
sented some weeks ago, seemed to me entirely
conclusive on this point, although I differ with
him in the extent to which he now seems dis-
posed to carry the construction of the consti-
tutional power. If any weight can be attached
to the declarations of the judiciary and to the
action of Congress from 1789 down to 1808,
if we are not prepared to stultify and nullify
the action of Congress upon these topics in the
different directions I have pointed out, then I
think there can be no question that we are
right to-day in saying that this is a power of
legislation which the Constitution has left with
us, and that all we have to do is to consider
the expediency of its exercise and the best
mode of exerting it to secure the desired ends.
Now, sir, speaking for myself alone, I wish
to say in all frankness and candor that I advo-
cate this bill as a projjer measure of permanent
jjtoslation for the country. T believe it to be
Irestrable, not because the President of the
United States, is to-day found in a position hos-
tile to the large majority of this House; not
for the reason that the President to-day seems
