1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1619
will ask the Senator from Vermont how the
object is accomplished by the civil rights bill ? ;
Mr. POLAND. I am not aware that iu any
State there is any law in reference to the ap-
prenticeship of white children but what is just
and proper; and the language of the civil
rights bill provides the same rights and reme-
dies in the case of black persons as in the case
of white persons. If a. negro child is appren-
ticed in a manner that would make the appren-
ticeship illegal in case the child was white, we
think the black child would be entitled to all
the remedies to which a white child would be
entitled under the same circumstances, and
would be discharged from the custody of the
guardian ; and the habeas coiyus bill passed at
the present session would authorize a United
States magistrate of any kind to discharge them
npon habeas corpus.
Mr. SUMNER. And yet the Senator is
aware that several gross cases have occurred
in a neighboring State since the passage of the
civil rights bill.
Mr. POLAND. We can do nothing except
to pass a law against these cases, and provide
some legal remedy for such wrongs. That we
think is already provided, and we could do no
more if we were to create further legislation on
the subject.
Mr. CRESWELL. Let me ask the Senator
what remedy is provided, and how that remedy
is to be enforced ?
Mr. POLAND. In case a negro child is
apprenticed in a manner that would not be a
legal apprenticeship if the child were white,
the master would have no right to retain the
custody of the child. If he should attempt to
do so, he would subject himself to a civil action
for false imprisonment, and perhaps an action
for the wages of the child. We think that under
legislation that already exists, on application
to a judge of the circuit court or district court
of the United States, the child would be enti-
tled to be discharged upon habeas corpus. I
am inclined to think, too, that in those States
where the Freedmen's Bureau is in operation,
the officers of the Freedmen's Bureau would
be authorized to interfere and liberate the
child. All the legislation that has been had
with reference to this class of subjects seems as
full and ample for the evils suggested under
this kind of State laws as any others that dis-
criminate between blacks and whites, as far as
we were able to judge with reference to it.
Mr. SUMNER. It strikes me the practical
question is, whether recent incidents have not
admonished us that there was a disposition to
evade that statute and under the protection
of State laws 
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the very thing
the statute guards against.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says that is
the very thing the statute guards against; but,
sir, your statute was not effective to prevent
those incidents.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will any statute if it is
not executed ?
Mr. SUMNER. But when you are apprized
of an evasion I ask whether, upon the whole,
it is not expedient that you should go forward
and counteract that evasion specifically and
precisely, so that there can be no possible
excuse? Liberty has always been won by these
anxious trials. Those who have represented
her have been accustomed to go forward and
take case by case and difficulty by difficulty
and overcome it if they could. Give us first
the general principle as we have it in the con-
stitutional amendment; then give us legisla-
tion just as extensive or as minute as the occa-
sion requires. Let it be "line upon line and
precept upon precept," so long as any such
outrage can be shown.
I do not wish to seem pertinacious in this
matter, though I do not know that I can err
ever by any pertinacity on a question like this.
I do feel, however, that we are painfully ad-
monished by incidents that have occurred
almost under our very eyes that we ought to
do something in order to tighten that great
constitutional amendment. It contains in its
language, in its text, words which I regret; I
regretted them at the time they were intro-
duced ; I proposed to strike them out; and
now they return to plague the inventor. I
think there should have been no recognition
in the constitutional amendment of any possi-
bility of slavery. The reply of course is, that
that amendment, if properly interpreted, does
not recognize the possibility of slavery being
legal in any just sense. 1 am aware of that;
but it is misinterpreted, has been so in an adjoin-
ing State ; and who can tell that it will not be
so now in every one of the States of the South?
I am sorry that the committee has not reported
the bill, which I believe was introduced by the
honorable Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Cres-
well,] with a recommendation that it should
pass.
What did the Senate do last night? It passed
a bill, on the report of my colleague, to pro-
hibit slavery and peonage in New Mexico.
Under the constitutional amendment, I take it,
that bill in a certain sense was unnecessary, it
was superfluous; but we have found a difficulty
there; there has been outrage; slavery in some
form exists there; and therefore my colleague
was right when he brought his committee to
the conclusion that they must meet it by a spe-
cific enactment. Where the abuse appears we
must j-oot it out. That is radicalism, I take it.
So long as there is a human being anywhere
under this flag, from the Atlantic to the Pacific
coast, who is held as a slave, there is occasion
for your powerful intervention ; and if there is
any ambiguity or any failure in existing statutes
then you must give us another statute.
Mr. POLAND. I had not expected to enter
into any discussion of this subject this morn-
ing. I cannot, however, concur in the idea
of the Senator from Massachusetts, that every
time a law of Congress is violated by anybody
we are obliged to reenact the law. It seems
to me to be a very singular' and curious remedy
that we are to make proclamation here against
every offender against the law by reenacting
it. It strikes me if we do that we shall have
a great deal of superfluous legislation. Now,
the first section of the civil rights bill reads as
, follows:
I
j "That all personsborn in the United States and not
subject to any foreign Power, excluding Indians not
, taxed, are hereby declared to be citizens of the Uni-
i ted States; and such citizens, of every race and
I color, without regard to any previous condition of
, slavery or involuntary servitude, except as a punish-
1 mcnt for crime whereof the party shall have been
duly convicted, shall have the same right in every
State and Territory in the United States to make
and enforce contracts, to sue, be parties, and give
evidence, to inherit, purchase, lease, sell, hold, and
convey real and personal property, and to full and
equal benefit of all laws and proceedings for the se-
curity of person and property as is enjoyed by white
citizens, and shall be subject to like punishment,
pains, and penalties, and to nono other, any law,
statute, ordinance, regulation, or custom to the con-
I trary notwithstanding.''
! In the view of the Committee on the Judi-
| ciary it was utterly impossible for us to frame
| a law using language more express, covering
] more completely and exactly what is alleged
! to be the fault in the State laws in reference to
! the apprenticing of black children; that if
| they had laws that authorized black children
to be apprenticed under any different cir-
cumstances, for any other reason, in any
j other manner, or upon any other terms than
| the laws of the same State authorized the ap-
prenticing of white children, they were per-
fectly abrogated by this statute, and full orders
are given by applications to the courts of the
United States, and in those portions of the
country where the Freedmen's Bureau is in
operation, to the officers of that bureau, to
give complete and adequate redress and full
remedy for any violation of this law. It seemed
to us impossible to frame a law that could more
completely uproot the evil that is alleged to
exist in some States in respect to this appren-
ticing of colored children than the civil rights
bill does. In addition to that, at the present
session we have passed a bill authorizing the
judges of the courts of the United States in
all cases where persons are illegally held in
custody in violation of the civil rights bill to
afford relief by writ of habeas corpus, to dis-
charge them out of any custody, either private
and personal or official.
Mr. C RES WELL. It is something to have
obtained from the Committee on the Judiciary
of the Senate so distinct an opinion that the
practice which has been carried on so exten-
sively in Maryland, to wit, the binding out of
colored children without even the consent of
a parent, many of them actually at the mo-
ther's breast, on a charge that the parents are
unable to support them, is unlawful under the
civil rights bill; but when the committee as-
sert that the courts of the United States and
courts established by the Freedmen's Bureau
are ample to afford protection to this class of
people I think the facts show clearly that they
are mistaken- The bill which I had the honor
to present some time ago to the Senate for the
protection of colored children in the States
where those children exist in considerable
numbers, was introduced at the instance and
solicitation of the officers of the Freedmen's
Bureau. They represented that that evil was
carried to such an extent in Maryland that
they were unable to check it even with the aid
of the military authority at their command,
and with the assistance of which the courts of
the United States were ready to yield to them.
They seemed to think, having an actual expe-
rience in the matter covering several years,
that it was absolutely necessary for Congress
to declare specially and particularly against
that offense, and not only to prescribe a remedy
by which the parents or the children by then-
next friend may be liberated from this new
kind of bondage, but also to fix a penalty that
may stare every party in the face who may be
disposed to violate any one of the principles
of the civil rights bill. Unwilling as I am at
this late period of the session to exact from
that committee a more favorable report than
they have given us, fearing even if they did
that we could not pass upon it at length,
yet I venture this prediction : upon the law as
it stands the committee will find that ample
protection will not hereafter be afforded, and
that it will be necessary for that committee to
give the Senate some bill by which we may
more amply protect the rights of these people
in the same manner as the Military Committee
gave us a bill last night in order to abrogate
virtual slavery as it existed in New Mexico
under the Mexican law. I do not feel at all
satisfied with the action of the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the
Senate ready for the question ?
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the bill will not be
indefinitely postponed, but will be allowed to
take its place on the Calendar.
Mr. POLAND. If the Senator desires it to
go on the Calendar, I have no objection to that.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the bill will be
allowed to take its place on the Calendar.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Vermont withdraw his motion to
postpone the bill indefinitely ?
Mr. POLAND. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the bill go on the
Calendar, with the motion to postpone indefi-
nitely as the pending motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be entered if there be no objection.
Mr. POLAND. The Committee or the
Judiciary have also had under consideration
a resolution of the Senate directing them to
consider if any action is needed by Congress
to prevent the sale of persons into slavery for
a specified term by virtue of a decree of court,
and recommend its indefinite postponement,
and substantially for the same reasons that I
gave in reference to the bill reported just now.
The report was agreed to.
BAILIFFS AND CRIERS.
Mr. MORRILL. I submit the following
report from the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill of the House (H. R. No. 856) fixing the
