944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
Harding.Hart, Hayes,Henderson,Higby,Hill.Hotch-
kiss, John H. Hubbard, Julian,Kelley, Kelso, Koontz,
William Lawrence. Loan. Lynch, McClurg, McKee,
McRuer, Mercur, Morrill, Moulton, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Plants, Price, Rol-
lins, Sawyer, Scofield, Shellabarger, Sloan, Spalding,
Stevens, Stokes, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam,
Robert T. Van Horn Henry D. Washburn, Welker,
Wentwtfrth, Williams, James F.Wilson, Stephen F.
Wilson, and Windom—76. _
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ancona, Delos R. Ashley,
Baldwin, Banks, Bergen, Boyer, Bandy, Campbell,
Cooper, Barling, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Denison,
Briggs, Eldridge, Farquhar, Ferry, Finek, Glossbren-
ner, Goodyear, Griswold, Hale, Aaron Hardin?, Har-
ris, Hawkins, Hise, Hogan, Holmes, Hooper. Chester
B.Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James It. Hubbell,
Humphrey,Hunter, Ingersoll, K asso n, K etch am, Kuy -
kendall, Lafiin, George V. Lawrence, Le Blond, Lett-
wich, Longyear, Marshall, Marston, Marvin, May-
nard, Moorhead, Niblack, Noell, Phelps, Pomeroy,
Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Alexander II. Rice,
John H.Itice, Ritter, Ross, Schenck, Shanklin, Sit-
greaves, Stilwell, Strouse, Taber, Nathaniel G. Tay-
lor, Nelson Taylor, Francis Thomas, Thornton, Trim-
ble, Burt Van Horn, Andrew H. Ward, Warner,
William B.Washburn, Whaley, Wiafield, and Wood-
bridge—78. _ , _
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell. Barker, Benjamin,
Blow, Brandegee, Chanler, Culver, Defrees, Dixon,
Dodge, Eggle3ton, Farnsworth, AsahelW. Hubbard,
Demas Hubbard, Hulburd, Jenckes, Jones, Kerr,
Latham, McCullough, Mclndoe, Miller, Morris,
Myers, Newell, Nicholson, Radford, William II. Ran-
dall, Rogers, Rousseau, Starr, Thayer, John L.
Thomas, Hamilton Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, and
Wright—36.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. NIBLACK stated that Mr. Kerb was
detained from the House by indisposition.
Mr. O'NEILL stated that Mr. Thayer was
still absent from the House in consequence of
indisposition in his family.
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Mr. HALE. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was disagreed to; and
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. HILL. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. GARFIELD. Since that amendment
has failed I withdraw the similar amendment
which I offered to the second section.
The next amendment was Mr. Williams'
amendment, to insert in the third section, line
six,after the word "thereafter," the following:
That whonever a vacancy in any office happening
during a recess of tho Senate may have been filled
up by thePresident in accordance with the provisions
of the Constitution, by granting a commission to ex-
pire at the end of their next session, it shall be the
duty of the President to make a nomination for said
office before the end of the next ensuing session of
that body.
- Mr. INGERSOLL. That is already pro
vided for in the bill.
The question was taken; and there were—
ayes twenty-six ; noes not counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Doxnelly, to add to section
three the following proviso :
Provided, however, That no vacancy shall be held
to have happened during the recess of the Senate if
the incumbent of,the office was in the exercise of the
duties of the office upon the day on which Congress
convened, but, in such case, the person folding such
office shall continue to retain and exercise the same
until his successor is confirmed by the Senate, or until
he is suspended in accordance with the provisions
of this act.
The question was taken j and there were-
ayes 44, noes 79.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the last amend
ment, offered by Mr. Stevens, to insert the
following at the end of section eight:
And in no case shall any person who has been
nominated by the President for any office below that
of embassador and been rejected by the Senate, or
on whose nomination that body has failed or declined
to act in the way of consent or refusal, be appointed
for anyoffice of the United States for th.espace of one
year after such rejection. When nominations have
been made below the grade of foreign minister,
and which have been, or shall be rejected, all acts
done in making such nomination or which may be
done by the nominee so far as the removal and ap-
pointment of subordinates is concerned, shall be con-
sidered null and void.
Mr. GRINNELL. I call for a division of
that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see
how the gentleman can demand a division of
the Amendment. The gentleman who offered
it has a right to a vote upon it in the form in
which he offered it. The gentleman would
have a right to ask for a division of a resolu-
tion, but to ask for a division of this amend-
ment would be in the nature of moving an
amendment to the amendment, which is not
in order under the operation of the previous
question.
Mr. GRINNELL. I ask the consent of the
mover of the amendment to have it divided.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done now,
as the House is acting under the operation of
the previous question.
The question recurred upon the amendjnent
of Mr. Stevens.
Mr. STEVENS. Upon that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 37, nays 118, not voting
3o; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, James M.Ash-
ley, Baxter. Beaman.Broomall, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Conkling, Cook, Donnelly, Driggs, Farquhar, Grin-
nell, Abner C. Harding, Henderson, Julian, Kelley,
Kelso, Loan, McClurg, McKee, Moorhead, Myers,
O'Neill, Pike, Price, Sawyer, Sloan, Stevens, Trow-
bridge, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Henry D.
Wa^nburn, Welker, James F. Wilson, and Stephen
F. Wilson—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Ancona, Delos R.
Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Bergen, Bidwell, Bingham,
Blaine, Boutwell, Boyer, Bromwell, Buckland,
Bundy, Campbell, Roader W. Clarke, Cooper, Cul-
lom, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Delano, Dem-
ing, Denison, Dumont, Eckley, Eggleston, Eldridge,
Eliot, Ferry, Finek, Garfield. Glossbrenner, Good-
year, Griswold, Hale, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hart,
Hawkins, Hayes, Higby, Hill, Hise, Hogan. Holmes,
Hooper, Chester B. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,
Edwin N. Hubbell, James R. Hubbell, Humphrey,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Kasson, Ketcham,
Koontz, Kuykendall, Lafiin, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Le Blond, Loftwich, Longyear,
Lynch, Marshal!. Marston, Marvin, Maynard, Me-
Ruer, Mercur, Morrill, Moulton, Niblack, Noell,
Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Phelps, Plants,
Pomeroy, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Randall,
Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice, Rit-
ter, Rollins, Ross.Schenck, Scofield, Shanklin, STiel-
labargcr, Sitgreaves. Spalding, Stilwell, Stokes,
Strouse, Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Tay-
lor, FrancisThomas, Thornton, Trimble, Upson, Burt
Van Horn, Andrew H. Ward, Warner, William B.
Washburn, Wentworth, Whaley, Williams, Win-
dom, Winfield.and Woodbridge—118.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Banks, Barker,
Benjamin, Blow, Braudegee,'Chanler, Culver, De-
frees, Dixon, Dodge, Farnsworth, Hotcnkiss, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Hulburd, Jones, Kerr,
Latham, McCullough, Mclndoe, Miller, Morris, New-
ell, Nicholson, Radford, Rogers, Rousseau, Starr,
Thayer, John L. Thomas, Hamilton Ward, Elihu
B. Washburne, andWright—35.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time,
Mr. FARQUHAR. I rise to a privileged
motion.
The SPEAKER. The House is now acting
under the previous question upon this bill.
Mr. FARQUHAR. Is it not in order to
move to reconsider a vote taken upon an
amendment offered to this bill?
The SPEAKER. That would be in order.
Mr. FARQUHAR. Then I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the House rejected the
amendment proposed to this bill by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Williams.]
The amendment of Mr. Williams was to
strike out of the first section of the bill the fol-
lowing words:
Excepting the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury,
of War, of the Navy, and of the Interior, the Post-
master General, and the Attorney General.
The effect of the amendment, if adopted,
would be to take from the President the power
to remove any head of a Department without
the consent of the Senate.
The question was upon reconsidering the
vote by which the amendment had been
rejected.
Mr. HALE. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. GARFIELD. Upon that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
'Mr. LE BLOND. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question was then taken upon laying
the motion to reconsider upon the table, and it
was decided in the negative—yeas 69, nays 74,
not voting 47 ; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ancona, Belos R. Ashley,
Baldwin, Banfcs, Bergen,Bidwell, Campbell, Cooper,
Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Dealing, Denison. Driggs, El-
dridge, Ferry, Finek, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Gris-
wold, Hale, Aaron Harding, Hawkins, Hise, Holmes,
Hooper. Chester D. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell,
James R. Hubbell, Hunter. Ingersoll, Jenckes, Kas-
son, Kuykendall, George V. Lawrence, Le Blond,
Leftwich, Longyear, Marshall, Marston, Marvin,
Maynard, Niblack, Noell, Phelps, Plants, Pomeroy,
Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice,
Ritter, Schenck, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Stilwell,
Strouse, Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Tay-
lor, Francis Thomas, Thornton,Trimble, Andrew H.
Ward, Warner, William B. Washburn, Whaley,
Winfield, and Woodbridge—69.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Baker. Beaman,
Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell, Bromwell. Broomall,
Buckland, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Delano, Donnelly, Dumont,
Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot. Farnsworth, Farquhar.
Garfield, Grinnell, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hayes,
Henderson, Higby, Hill, Iiotchkiss, John H. Hub-
bard, Julian, Ivelley, Kelso, Koontz, William Law-
rence, Loan, Lynch, McClurg, McKee, MeRuer, Mer-
cur, Moorhead, Morrill, Moulton, Myers, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Price,Rollins,
Sawyer, Scofield, Shellabarger, Sloan, Spalding, Ste-
vens, Stokes. Trowbridge, Upson. Van Aernam, Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Ilorn, Henry D.Washburn,
Welker, Wentworth, Williams, and James F. Wil-
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames. Arnell, James M.
Ashley, Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Blow, Boyer,
Brandegee, Bundy, Chanler, Culver, Darling, De-
frees, Dixon, Dodge, Harris, Hogan, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Demas Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Jones,
Kerr, Ketcham. Laflin, Latham, McCullough, Mc-
lndoe, Miller, Morris, Newell, Nicholson, Radford,
William II. Randall, John H. Rice, Rogers, Ross,
Rousseau, Starr, Thayer, John L. Thomas, Hamilton
Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, Stephen F. Wilson,
Windom, and Wright—47.
So the motion to reconsider was n$t laid on
the table.
The question recurred upon the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment
of Mr. Williams was rejected.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Upon that question
I call for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The House is now acting
under the operation of the previous question,
which does not exhaust itself until the third
reading of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented under
the rule, andreferrcd to theappropriate committees;
By Mr. BALDWIN: A petition of the fire in-
surance companies of the city of Worcester, for rel ief
from thb tax imposed by the seventy-seventh section
of the internal revenue law.
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of Mrs. William J.
Albert, Mrs. H. Winter Davis, Mrs. Alexander Turn-
bull, anil Mrs. Commodoie Puiviance, a committee
of the Maryland Disabled Soldiers' Home, indorsed
by General Grant and General E. M. Gregory, for an
appropriation m aid of the institution under their
cnarge.
By Mr. DODGE: The remonstrance of importers
and dealers in sugar, against the change in the duty
on sugar.
By Mr. ECKLEY: The petition of 45 citizens of
Mount Pleasant, Ohio, against the contraction of tho
national currency, and against compelling the banks
to redeem their circulation in the city of New York.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of Charles Bates, J.
A. W hi taker, and 36 others^ citizens of Mason county,
Michigan, praying for relief for settlers upon lands
reserved far the Flint and Pere Marquette railroad,
which line of route has been materially changed by
recent legislation.
By Mr. GARFIELD : The petition of 88 citizens of
Mahoning county, Ohio, praying for increased pro-
tection of American flax.
By Mr. MOORHEAD: A remonstrance from Jamea
McAuley, Esq., and 13 others, presidents of national
banks of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, against any alters
ation in the provisions of tho act to provide a na-
tional currency.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of 69 citizens of Jack-
son county, Iowa, asking that no law be passed re-
quiring any curtailment of the currency, or anyfixed
time for a resumption of. specie payments, or any
forced redemption by national banks of their circula-
tion in the city of New York.
By Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky: The petition pf
Levisa Daniel, widow of Joseph Daniel, late sergeant
company C, first regiment East Tennessee volun-
teers, for commencement of her pension on the date
, of her husband's death.
Also, tho petition of Mrs. Julia A. .Barton, widow
of William Barton, private In company I, seventh
