180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
December 10,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly House bill No. 896,
making appropriations for the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
menlfor the year ending the 30th of June, 1868,
had made sundry amendments thereto.
improvement of connecticut river.
Mr. PEMING, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following' resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of an appro-
priation by the United States for impro7ing the
navigation of the Connecticut river.
female clerks.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to.:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
authorizing and requiring the appointment of female
clerks in the executive department of the Govern-
ment with definite instructions as to numbers and
qualification, and in every case giving precedence to
the wives, daughters, mothers, and sisters of soldiers
who fought to preserve the Union during the late
rebellion.
samuel c. sheppaed.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, asked and
obtained leave to withdraw from the files of
the House the petition and papers in the case
of Samuel C. Sheppard.
new orleans riots.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ask the
indulgence of the House to state that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Dexison,
appointed to fill a vacancy in the select com-
mittee to investigate the riots at New Orleans,
is now suffering from an attack of illness, and
his physician has forbidden him to leave the
city. He asks to be excused from serving on
the committee. If there be no objection, he
will be considered as excused, and the Chair
will appoint to fill the vacancy, Mr. Benjamix
M. Boyer, of Pennsylvania.
No objection was made.
death of senator wright.
The SPEiKER laid before the House the
following message from the Senate:
In the Senate of the United States,
December it, 1s6s.
Resolved, That the Senate has heard with deep
sensibility the announcement of the death of Hon.
William Wright, while a Senator in Congress from
the State of New Jersey.
Resolved, That as a testimonial of respcct for the
memory of the deceased, the members of the Senate
will wear the usual badge of mourning for thirty
days.
Resolved, That these proceedings be communicated
to the family of the deceased by the Secretary of the
Senate.
Resolved, That as a further mark of respect to the
memory of the deceased, the Senate do now adjourn.
Ordered, That the Secretary communicate these
resolutions to the House of Representatives.
Attest: J. W. FORNEY,
Secretary.
Mr. NEWELL. Mr. Speaker, I did not
move a consideration of the resolutions of the
Senate announcing the death of Senator
"Weight when received this morning on ac-
count of the absence of my colleague from
the fifth district, [Mr. Wright,] who was his
immediate Representative, .and to whom prop-
erly belongs the mournful privilege, but as he
is still absent and may not be present during
the day and further delay be construed into
disrespect to the deceased, I move we proceed
to the consideration of the resolutions, and I
will say in vindication of the apparent neglect
of ny friend, [General Wright,] that the
dei.th was inadvertently announced in the Sen-
ate without consultation with the members of
the House, and no arrangement was made for
anj order in the notice of the death. Indeed
I learned accidentally that the announcement
was transpiring in the Senate on yesterday, and
have to regret the lack of proper opportunity
to prepare a more suitable obituary of the
deceased. s .
Mr. Speaker, m conformity with an appro-
priate and impressive usage the Representa-
tirn* of a great nation pause in the midst of
their deliberations to consecrate a day to the
memory of a deceased associate and friend, and
I crave the indulgence of the House while I oc-
cupy a brief period of the time allotted the
mournful ceremonies of this occasion to offer
my tribute of homage and respect to the mem-
ory of one who was an honored citizen and Sen-
ator of the State which it is my privilege in part
to represent.
Again, and again has death invaded these
Halls. In the providence of God these fre-
quent visitations come to warn us that we
may not hope exemption from the inexorable
decree that "in the midst of life we are in
death," and that "be ye also ready" is the
solemn admonition announced to us from child-
hood to the grave, in tones not to be misunder-
stood, by the gresft and the lowly, as they suc-
cessively descend into the dark valley of death.
The higher the position, the more eminent the
character of him we may be called upon to
mourn, the more impressive is the lesson de-
signed to be taught and the greater heed should
we give to the admonition.
William Wright, late Senator from the
State of New Jersey, died at his residence in
the city of Newark on the 1st day of November
last in his seventy-seventh year, after a pro-
tracted and distressing illness, in the midst of
his own devoted and affectionate household, in
the full exercise of his mental faculties, with
an abiding and unshaken faith in the Christian
religion, and the cherished hope of a blissful
immortality.
His father, a physician of great learning and
reputation, designed him for one of the pro-
fessions, and had placed him at a classical
school preparatory to a college course, when,
suddenly departing this life, the son was thrown
upon his own resources, and his necessities
compelled him to seek a mechanical occupa-
tion which promised earlier and more remuner-
ative returns for his labor.
In 1822 he became a resident of New Jer-
sey, and for many years devoted his entire en-
ergies assiduously to business, and rapidly
assumed the leading position in trade and
commercial circles. He subsequently estab-
lished branches of his house in all the promi-
nent cities of the South, and became widely
known throughout the country as a wealthy
and eminently successful manufacturer and
merchant.
Upon retiring from active participation in
the business of his firm he entered public life,
was repeatedly made mayor of his city, was
twice elected a Representative in Congress
from a district remarkable for the enterprise
and intelligence of its citizens, was a candidate
for the office of Governor, and twice appointed
by the Legislature of his State to a seat in the
Senate of the United States. Few men indeed
can boast of such a succession of honorable
positions. Examples like his will shine out in
the pages of our history as beacons to guide
American youth to honorable fame. He was
the architect of his own fortune. He cleared,
by the force of his own strong will and deter-
mined hand, the rugged pathway of his early
life, and attained an exalted place and high dis-
tinction among his fellow-men, with none of
the advantages which attach to birth and edu-
cation, but by application and'industry, by an
honest and honorable course he formed his own
character and distinction, and has left them as
a rich inheritance to his descendants, and as an
example worthy of imitation.
As a legislator Mr. Wright was diffident
and cautious of speech and seldom thrust him-
self upon the notice of the Senate or House,
and indeed rarely rose to speak ; but among
those who could truly appreciate such qualities
his sterling good sense, his practical wisdom,
his unerring judgment and tact, did not fail to
stamp him as a man who, in many of the qual-
ities that go furthest to constitute worth for the
practical duties of legislation, had few equals.
His public duties were faithfully performed, and
he was ever true to the principles he sought to
represent. While he knew no fear or hesitation
in the expression of his own political views.
he extended the largest tolerance and charity
to all who held different sentiments. Indeed
his was true charity, striving tr  do good as he
had opportunity and to speak evil of none.
He was possessed of great urbanity of man-
ner and dignity of deportment, and never vio-
lated the characteristics of a gentleman in his
intercourse with the world ; while in all those
more intimate and tenderrelations which bound
him to his friends and his kindred he was all
that-friendship could ask, or affection claim,
or humanity or kindness demand, and in that
higher and more solemn relation which he bore
to the Author of us all he sought to be exact
in the duties enjoined. by the sacred behests
of religion, and in the closing scenes of life's
flickering, final hour he leaned with humble
trust upon the merits of his Saviour. Calmly
he confronted the grim messenger and with
Christian dignity resigned him to his fate.
I knew him well, Mr. Speaker, and find a
mournful pleasure in paying this just tribute
to his memory and his virtues. He has passed
through the vicissitudes of a long and event-
ful life. He has met and manfully fulfilled the
duties allotted to him on earth, and left us to
follow a little longer the shadows which he has
exchanged for unutterable realities. Death
came to him in the ripeness of his years, and no
stain rests upon his honored name. His life
was full of moral beauty, and with mingled
feelings of respect we commemorate his vir-
tues and-lament his death.
I beg leave to offer for adoption the following
resolutions:
Resolved, That the House of Representatives has
received with deep sensibility the intelligence of the
death of Hon. william wright, late a Senator in
Congress from the State of New Jersey.
Resolved, That as a mark of respect for the mem-
ory of the deceased, the members and officers of this
House will go into mourning by wearing crape on
the left ana for thirty days.
Resolved, That as a further mark of respect for the
memory of the deceased the House donow adjourn.
Mr. SITGREAVES. Mr. Speaker, no event
in a land of Christianity and civilization is
more solemn or makes a deeper impress on
the human mind than death ; the song, the
jest, the voice, are hushed when we stand
around the bed of a fellow-mortal gasping in
his last agonies, when the silver cord is being
loosed and the golden bowl broken, for it
teaches us what we so often forget, that we
are mortal, that we too must pass away. It is
a sermon from the dead «o the living, and im-
presses us with the truth of the declaration
recorded in that Book which bears in itself
internal evidence that it was compiled by the
Spirit of the Almighty and has its every leaf
impressed with His own high and eternal her-
aldry, that there is, "afterdeath, thejudgment."
Sir, the death of every mortal is a sermon to
the living, whether that mortal is the infant in
the cradle, the young men in the strength of
his early manhood, or the old man who has
passed his threescore years and ten : whether
he dies by disease or pours out his heart's blood
on the battle-field, or is stricken down by the
assassin ; all preach a sermon and teach a les-
son to the living. Our young men who fell ia
battle for the Union by tens of thousands have
taught our people and will teach generations
yet unborn fidelity to the Union and devo-
tion to the "old flag," the symbol, of that
Union. The assassination of President Lin-
coln has taught the nation and the world detes-
tation for the murderer.
The death of William Wright, United states
Senator from New Jersey, teaches a useful
lesson to the young men of the nation. It
teaches them to reverence institutions on
whose broad platform the son of the poorest
day-laborer may stand a peer side by side with
the son of the proudest and wealthiest of the
land. It teaches them to reverence laws which
know no distinction between the poor and the
rich, under whose regis wealth and honor are
alike accessible to all. It teaches probity in busi-
ness transactions. No man ever impeached the
integrity of Wti.ltam Wright in his business
transactions, carried on for more than half a
