1620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
compensation of bailiffs and criers of the courts
of the District of Columbia:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
rotes of the two Housea on the bill (H. R. No. 356)
fixing the compensation for the bailiffs and criers
of the courts of the District of Columbia, having
met, after full and free conference have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend, to their respcctivo
Houses, that the House of Representatives recede
front its action in disagreeing to the amendments
made by the Senate, and concur in said amendments.
L. M. MORRILL,
JOHN CONNBSS,
DAVID X. PATTERSON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
HORACE MAYNARD,
J. i\ FARNSWORTH,
F. C. LE BLOND,
JManagers on the part of the Souse.
The report was concurred in.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 615) for the sale of the Hot Springs res-
ervation in the State of Arkansas ; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 616) to reduce the number of the members
of the levy court of the county of Washington,
District of Columbia; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 617)
to pay the levy court of the county of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, for the coroner's
fees on soldiers, sailors, and other employes
of the United States; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
MAPS AND DRAWINGS OF POTOMAC BRIDGE.
Mr. HARRIS. The chief of Engineers
desires to withdraw from the files of the Sen-
ate certain maps and drawings relating to a
bridge across the Potomac; and I offer the
following resolution to enable him to do so:
Jlesolved, That the chief of Engineers be permitted
to withdraw from the files of the Senate tho maps
and drawings accompanying the report of tho Sec-
retary of the Interior communicating the report and
lurveys made in obedience to a resolution of Con-
gress respecting the construction of a new and sub-
stantial bridge across the Potomac, dated February
7,1867.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent and agreed to.
INTER0CEANIC CANALS AND RAILIIOADS.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing:
Resolved, That two thousand additional copies of
the report of the Secretary of the Navy on inter-
oceanic canals and railroads, with an additional
chart, be printed and bound; of which five hundred
copies shall be for the use of the Senate, and fifteen
hundred copies for the use of the Superintendent of
the Naval Observatory.
PDBLIC PARK.
Mr. BROWN. Last evening when the Sen-
ate adjourned there was a bill pending for the
establishment of a public park near this city.
The bill had progressed to its passage, upon
which the yeaa and nays had been ordered.
There is nothing to do but call tho roll upon it.
I move that it be now taken up.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
649) for the establishment of a public park in
the District of Columbia.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the bill pass; and upon that ques-
tion the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. GRIMES (after having voted first in the
negative) said: I ask leave to withdraw my vote.
I did not remember until the name of the Sena-
tor from Maryland [Mr. Johnson] was called
that I had agreed to pair off with him on this
'bill. If he were present he would vote for it
ftnd I, if permitted to vote, would vote against it'.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Shall the
Senator from Iowa be permitted to withdraw
his vote under the circumstances? No objec
tion being made, the vote will be withdrawn.
The result was announced—yeas 28, nays 7; |
as follows: j
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew, Con-
ness. Cragin, Creswell, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fogg,
Foster. Frelinghuysen, Hendricks, Howe, Morgan.
Nesmith, Patterson, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey,Ross,
Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade.Willey, Wil-
son, and Yates—28. .
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Fessenden, Harris, Kirk-
wood. Lane, Sherman, and Williams—7.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattoll, Cowan, Edmunds, Fow-
ler. Grimes, Guthrie, Henderson, Howard. Johnson, 1
MoDougall, Morrill, Norton, Nye, Riddle, Saulsbury, \
Sprague, and Stewart—17.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represent
atives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, an- ,!
nounced that the House of Representatives
had passed the following bill and joint resolu- 11
tion, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1039) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department and for fulfilling I
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1868; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 293) author-
izing the employment of a public vessel for
the transportation of provisions to the people
of the southern States.
The message further announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the bill of the House (H. R. No.
878) to quiet the title to land in the town of
Santa Clara, in the State of California, asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
D. C. McRuer, of California, Mr. S. T. Holmes,
of New York, and Mr. A. J. Glossbrenner, of
Pennsylvania, managers at the same on its part.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 474) for the relief of John C.
McFerran, of the United States Army; and it
was thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore of the Senate.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 1039) making appropri-
ations lor the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending 30th June, 18G8, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
LAND TITLES IN SANTA CLARA.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House of Represent-
atives (H. 11. No. 878) to quiet the title to land
in the town of Santa Clara, in the State of
California, disagreed to by the House ; and
On motion by Mr. CONNESS, it was
Resolved, That tho Senato insist upon its amend-
ments disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
and tigroe to the conference asked by tho House on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That tho conferees on the part of the
benate bo appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Conness, Mr. Wilson, and Mr. Fowler.
NORTON'S MARKING AND CANCELING STAMP.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate postpone all prior orders and proceed to
the consideration of Senate bill No. 582. I
will state that the Post Office Department will
be very much embarrassed unless this matter
receives some action speedily. It is in refer-
ence to the marking and canceling stamp now
in use in a large number of post offices through-
out the United States, and the time is very
short during which they can have the use of it,
only until the 1st of April next. It is neces-
sary to dispose of it now in order that the De-
partment may give out contracts for the postal
stamps that they desire to use. If this bill
should be favorably considered the Postmaster
General desires to enter into contracts for their
manufacture. If not he will be deprived of
their use, a d be obliged to take some other.
I hope, therefore, that the bill may be taken up.
Mr. SUMNER. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator if that bill will give rise to much debate ?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I can only say that
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
have reported it unanimously, and deem it very
just. As I have already stated, it is highly
important to the Post Office Department that
thp matter should be determined at least one
way or the other. There is a printed report
accompanying the bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will say to the Senator
from Massachusetts that the Post Office De-
partment require this bill absolutely, and can-
not get along without it so far as the cancella-
tion of postage stamps, &c., is concerned.
Unless this bill is passed they will be enjoined
by the parties who claim the patent. They
cannot get along without some legislation on
the subject.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not like to interpose
any objection to such a bill; but there is an-
other bill which I think the Senate ought to
act upon, one way or the other, and that is the
Louisiana bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Several of us want to
get up some bills; and as the Senator from
Massachusetts asked the Senator from West
Virginia if his bill would probably excite any
debate or controversy, I will ask the same
question of the Senator from Massachusetts :
whether the bill which he urges will probably
excite any debate?
Mr. SUMNER. I should not suppose it
would on our side. I take it that every good
Republican must be for that bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator seems to
object to any bill that excites debate; and of
course he does not ask us to crowd another
bill that his shall come up, if it is to excite
debate. I take that for granted.
Mr. SUMNER. Indeed I should hope that
I might have the vote of my friend from In-
diana for the Louisiana bill. It is a great
measure of peace.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from West
Virginia.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 582) to provide for the payment of past
and future use and purchase of the invention
and patent upon " post-marking of letters,
packets, &c., and cancellation of postage
stamps thereon," made by and patented to
Marcus P. Norton, of Troy, New York,
April 14, 1863, and reissued August 23, 1864, _
was read a second time and considered as in"
Committee of the Whole. It directs the Post-
master General to pay the sum of $100,000 to
whoever shall appear to be the rightful owner
or owners of the lettera-patent of the United
States granted to Marcus P. Norton, of the city
of Troy, State of New York, on the 14th day
of April, 1863, and reissued on the 23d day of
August, 1864; but within thirty days from the
approval of the bill, such assignees, owner or
owners of the patent, are to duly assign and
transfer the letters-patent and the invention
therein contained to the United States of
America for the use of the Post Office Depart-
ment, and formally accept of the sum of
$100,000 in full compensation for the past use,
title to, and right to use the letters-patent and
the invention therein contained. ^
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the bill
by striking out "$100,000" and inserting
" $20,000.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I ask that the report
of the committee in this case, which is in print,
may be read. t
The Secretary read the following report,
made by Mr. Van Winkle from the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads, on the 9th
instant:
The Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to
whom was rcferret^he petition of Jacob Shavor and
Albert C. Corse, asking compensation for past and
iuture use of " Norton's marking and canceling
stama," report:
That they have duly considered the same, and they
find that letters-patent, dated April 14, 1363, wero
