1866.
TBS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
century. It not only teaches that " honesty is
the best policy," but it teaches industry and
temperance, which were the foundations of his
ample fortune. He was not only honest in his
private dealings, but his political opponents
will concede that he was honest iu the main-
tenance of his political opinions. William
Weight the Senator, William Weight the
mechanic, has gone. We remember him as a
gentleman who possessed the "suaviter in
nwdo, fortiter in re." Tie scenes of time have
closed on his vision as they will on ours.
Peace to his ashes. The Judge of all the
earth doeth right.
The resolutions submitted by Mr. Newell
were unanimously adopted.
And thereupon (at fifteen minutes before
four o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees;
By Mr. BOYER: The petition of William Beale,
of Pennsylvania.
By Mr. DA.WES: The petition of Hall J. Kellcy,
of Massachusetts, for a land grant.
By Mr. DONNELLY: The petition of C. C. Web-
ster, S. Wheeler, and others, citizens of Red Wing,
Minnesota, as king for an amendmentto the Constitu-
tion oftheUnited States to the end thatno inequality
may exist in the laws of any of the States by reason
of the birth pi ace, race, or col or of any citizens therein.
By Mr. &LOSSBRENNER: A memorial signed by
Lonis Shade, J. Shillington, Charles Kloman, P.
Kmrieh, J. C. Marks, Charles Schuster, and numer-
ous others, residents of the District of Columbia, nat-
uralized citizens of theUnited States and immigrants
who have declared their intention to become citi-
zens. setting forth that inasmuch as Congress has
passed a bill granting to the. African race the right
of suffrage in the District of Columbia, and ven-
turing to believe that' theCaucasianimmigrant^ whose
intellect, industry, and wealth have contributed so
much to the progress of the country, is jiitt as good,
enlightened, and deserving of political privileges as
the African just emerged from a state of slavery."
and that " the Caucasian immigrant, though white, is
a man, possessed of manhood and entitled to man-
hood suffrage," the memorialists petition Congress
to put all white men who are either citizens or nave
declared their intentions to become citizens on an
equal footing with the negroes.
By Mr. KELLEY: A petition of citizens of Lan-
caster, Pennsylvania, praying for the passage of a
law to prevent the contraction, of the legal-tender
currency, and protesting against the withdrawal of
national bank notes from the northern States.
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of Mrs. Mary M.
Polley, widow of J. H. Polley, for pension.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of Rev. J. R.
Nichols, and others, members of the Methodist Prot-
estant Church of Baltimore, praying an abatement
of tax upon annuity.
By Mr.-SOHENCKf The petition of John Stump,'
and 162 others, citizens of German Township, Mont-
gomery county, Ohio, for a change in the revenue
laws relative to inspectors of distilled spirits.
Also, a petition of 5 officers of the United States
Army, for an increase of pay.
Also, a resolution of the board of managers of the
National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers,
requesting an amendment to the act which created
that institution.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 19,1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved. «
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has received and will take this opportunity of
laying before the Senate the petition of Gary
Davies, of Marietta, Cobb county, Georgia, in
which he sets forth that he is sixty-seven years
old, has always lived in the Union, has never
lifted his hand against the Government or given
any aid to this awful rebellion, but on the con-
trary did all in his power to arrest it until taken
violently from his house and confined in prison
like a thief and kept there until the Federals
came to Atlanta, when he was let out. Then
he says the residue of his property was taken
by the Federal Army, and he is now stripped of
all the comforts of life, and asks Congress for
relief. The petition will be received, if there
be no objection, and referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of R.
W. Griffith, on behalf of himself and other
owners, praying for a change of the registry of
the bark R. W. Griffith; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. LANE presented the petition of John
Carter, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FOGG presented the petition of one
hundred and eighty-nine citizens of the town
of Dover, New Hampshire, praying for an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States abolishing all distinctions in privileges
on account of birth, race, or color; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CATTELL presented a petition of
manufacturers of silk cloths, ribbons, bindings,
braids, and trimming goods, silk throwsters,
dyers, and dealers, praying for a specific duty
on thrown silk and silk cloths of every descrip-
tion, or an increase of the present rate of ad
valorem duty; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the memorial
of railroad companies, praying for a reduction
of the import duty on iron rails used for rail-
roads to one half of a cent per pound in gold;
on steel rails for railroads to one cent per
pound in gold; on iron tires and axles to one
half of a cent per pound in gold; on steel tires
and axles to one cent per pound in gold : and
on all frogs, crossings, and plates made of
steel and used exclusively for railroads to one
cent per pound in gold; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, praying for the enactment of a
law to prevent the contraction of the legal-
tender currency and also to prohibit the with-
drawal of national bank notes from the North
to be given to fhe South; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
reports of committees.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 874) to regulate the duties of the
Clerk of the House of Representatives in pre-
paring for the organization of the House, and
for other purposes, reported it with an amend-
ment. •
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 69) to pro-
vide for the payment of pensions, which was
returned from the House of Representatives
with an amendment, have instructed me to re-
port it back to the Senate with an amendment
to the House amendment. It is desirable to
have action on the bill now, if there be no
objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports
from committees are still in order.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 830) to fix the times for the regulai meet-
ings of Congress, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the petition of
the marine underwriters in the city of New
York, praying for an appropriation of money
sufficient to remove the iron steamship Scot-
land wrecked on the bar outside of Sandy
Hook, asked to be discharged from its farther
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Commerce; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of weighers of the cus-
toms in the port and district of New York,
praying for an increase of compensation, asked
to be discharged from further consideration,
the subject having been acted upon during the
last session of Congress ; which was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND, from the Committee on the
Judiciary^ to whom was referred the memorial
of the Chamber of Commerce of the State of
New York, praying that the contents of docu-
ments formerly existing in the office of the clerk
of the United States court for the southern dis-
trict of Mississippi and which have been lost or
destroyed by fire, may be proved by parol proof
or by a copy thereof when offered in evidence,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. The same committee haye
had under consideration in connection with this
memorial the bill (S. No. 464) in relation to
the records and other papers in the office of the
clerk of the United States court for the split!-
ern district of Mississippi which have been lo is
or destroyed, and have instructed me to report
that the same ought not to pass.. In the judg-
ment of the committee, the passage of this bill
would make no difference in the law: The .com-
mittee are of the opinion that parol proof is.
admissible now to establish the .existence and
contents of such documents, and therefore no
legislation is necessary.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 470) to. authorize the change of a
name, reported it without amendment.
printing of finance report.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
five thousand additional copies of the annual
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, have
instructed me to report it back without amend-
ment and recommend its passage; and I ask
for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved. That fi^e thousand additional copies of
the annual report of the Secretary of the Treasary on
the state of the finances be printed for the use of the
Senate.
printing. of land office maps.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
ten thousand copies of the maps accompanying
the report of the Commissioner of the General
Land Offiee and a resolution to print additional
copies of the report itself, have instructed me
to report them back with a verbal statement.
These resolutions came from the Committee on
Public Lands, who have recommended them,
and I do not know why the matter was referred
to us afterward unless to ascertain the cost of
the printing. We are notasuperv;isingcommit-
tee over the Committee on Public Lands, and
I think the matter ought to have passed under
the consideration of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, as have aU other matters connected
with the Paris Exposition. The cost of the
proposed printing will be about thirty-six
thousand dollars, supposing the translations to
be furnished to the printer.
Mr. RAMSEY. What do you report?
Mr. ANTHONY. We report the resolutions
back with this statement. They have been
recommended by the Committee on Public
Lands, and I suppose the Senate will be dis-
posed to act on the recommendation of that
committee. The Committee on Printing are
not advised as to the desirableness of this
publication. The Committee on Public Lands
and the Committee on Foreign Relations ought
to be.
Mr. STEWART. What action do the Com-
mittee on Printing recommend?
Mr. ANTHONY. We report the matter
back without any recommendation, leaving it
to stand on the recommendation of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. If the printing is to
be done, it is rather desirable that the resolu-
tions should be acted on before the holidays,
because the type of the Commissioner's report
is now standing, although that is a very small
part of the expense. The great expense is the
maps.
Mr. STEWART. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands were unanimously of the opinion
that it was desirable to make this publication
if the expense was not too enormous, and we
supposed the Committee on Printing might
give ns some information on that point.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is just what we have
done. We have had an estimate made of the
expense. It will cost about thirty-six thou-
sand dollars to print the maps and about two
thousand dollars to print the report.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire if the propo-
sition does not provide that this report shall
be published in various languages?
Mr. ANTHONY. It does.
