18&7.
THE CONGRESSIONAL G&OBE.
94£
regiment Kentucky volunteer infantry, for a pen-
sion.
By Mr. PIKE: A memorial of wool-growers of
Maine, and resolves of convention of same, in regard
to tariff.
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of George S.
Wheeler, and others, of Waukegan, in the^State oi
Illinois, praying.for an appropriation of &40.000 for
the improvement of the mouth of the Menomonee
river, in the State of Wisconsin.
By Mr. SCHBNCK: The memorial of Charles B.
Wildes., captain and assistant quartermaster, pray-
ing for indemnity for private moneys used m the
discharge of duties while in charge of negro affairs m
the department of Virginia.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of New York: Petition of
soldiers of the war of 1812, and others, asking aid
to such soldiers from Congress. „
By Mr. WILSON, of Iowa: The petition of Wil-
liam Johnson, unci others, of Pleasant Plain, Iowa,
for tho impeachment of the President.
Also, the memorial of Joseph Orottmao, and oth-
ers, of Keokuk, Iowa, relativo to the tax oil cigars.
NOTICE OK A BILL.
Tho following notice for leavo to introduce a bill
was given under the rule:
By Mr. WENTWORTII: A bill providing means
to extend tho Illinois and Michigan canal to the
Mississippi river at Hock Island, Illinois.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 1, 18C7.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. II. G-iuy.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of tho Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memouiai.s.
Mr. WILSON presented four petitions of
officers of the United States Army, praying
for an increase of pay; which were referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
He also presented a petition of officers of
the sixth United States cavalry, praying that
private W. A. F. Ahrbcrg may be commis-
sioned as an officer in the United States Army ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
lie also presented the petition of Sewall H.
Fessenden, William Carleton, and others, own-
ers of the schooner William Carleton, praying
for compensation for the loss of that schooner
and cargo, sunk by the steam-ram Stonewall,
November 23,1805; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Hattie E.
Card, praving for an amendment to the pen-
sion act of 1800, so that her children, and oth-
ers similarly circumstanced, may receive the
same benefits as the children of deceased pri-
vates and non-commissioned officers; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PATTERSON presented a certificate
of John K. Miller, colonel thirteenth Tennes-
see cavalry, in reference to the claim of Mary
A. Smith, of Johnson county, Tennessee,
widow of Alexander D. Smith, deceased;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the memorial of
Thomas Maxwell, praying to be indemnified
for properly taken from him by United States
troops in Rectortown, Virginia, in 1802 ; which
was referred to (he Committee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Norfolk, Virginia, praying for the
abrogation of the anti-republiean form of gov-
ernment now existing in the State ot Virginia,
and the substitution of a republican form of
government in its stead; which was referred
to the joint Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Ohio, praying for the passage ot the
bill (II. R. No. 718) to provide increased rev-
enue from imports, and for other purposes
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Wisconsin in favor of the
passage of the bill which provides for placing
upon the pension-rolls all the surviving soldiers
of the war of 1812 ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens ot
Wisconsin, praying that postage on pamphlets,
papers, documents, ana books forwarded to
39th Cons. 2d Sess.—No. CA).
historical societies and public libraries of the
United States may be made payable on deliv-
ery ; which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Virginia, remoifslrating against the passage of
any act authorizing the curtailment of the na-
tional currency or a return within a limited
time to specie payments, and against compel-
ling national banks to redeem .their notes in
New York, or prohibiting them from paying
or receiving interest on bank balances; which
was referred to tho Committee on Finance.
REPORTS 01' COMMITTERS.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of James
Monroe Manning, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Military Aflairs and the
Militia ; which was agreed to.
am boy a.\"i> traverse bay railroad.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 547) to amend an act entitled '-'An act
to extend the time for the reversion to the
United States of the lands granted by Con-
gress to aid in tho construction of a railroad
from Amboy, by Hillsdale and Lansing, to
some point on or near Traverse Bay, in the
Slate of Michigan, and for the completion ot
said road,'' approved July ii, 18(50, have di-
rected mo to report it back to the Senate with
a recommendation that it pass ; and as, while
it is a trilling matter, it is of very great im-
portance to the enterprise in Michigan that it
should be adopted at this session, [ ask that
it bo put upon its passage.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to amend the first sec-
tion of tho act ot'July 3, 180(5, by striking out
the word " February," where it occurs in that
section, and inserting the word "July."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will explain in one
word what this bill is. At the last session Con-
gress extended the time for the completion of
this road seven years, according to the uniform
practice in such cases; but, there was a condi-
tion that tho road between two points for a dis-
tance of about twenty miles should be graded by
the 1st day of February; thai is to-day. If it was
not graded to that extent the branch was to bo
forfeited to the United States. 1 thought at
the time that that condition could not bo com-
plied with and opposed it; and it is now found
impossible for tho company having charge of
this work to comply with that condition of the
law of the last session. This bill proposes to
extend the time for the completion of the grad-
ing between those points up to the 1st day of
J uly next.
Tho bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
hills introduced.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
.No. 558) for the relief of Mary A. Smith, of
Johnson county, Tennessee, widow ot Alex-
ander D. Smith, deceased; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. POLAND asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a hill (S.
No. 500) in relation to guardians of minors
in the District of Columbia, their appoint-
ment, powers, and duties; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 6C0)
to create the office of surrogate of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, provide for the appoint-
ment of a surrogate, and define his powers
and duties ; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to tlie Comi&ittee on. tfa.c Juui*
clary.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 501)
to provide for the appointment of a marshal
for the District of Columbia, and to change the
mode of appointing that officer; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
bills become laws.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. W. G-. Moore, his Secretary,
announced that on the 29th of January he
had approved and signed a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 112) for the relief of Mrs. Abby
Green, and a joint resolution (8. R. No. 150)
to provide for the removal of the wreck of the
steamship Scotland.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE IIOCSE.
A message from tho House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson', its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to the amendments of the Senate to the bill
of the House No. 388, to authorize the exten-
sion, construction, and use of a lateral branch
of tho Baltimore and Potomac railroad into
and within the District of Columbia.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 204) to provide for
an annual inspection into Indian affairs, and
for other purposes, with an amendment, in
which the concurrence of tho Senate was re-
quested.
The message further announced that the
House bad passed the following bills and joint
resolutions, in which it requested the concur-
rence of tho Senate:
A bill (II. R. No. 904) making_appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for tho year ending 30th
June, 1808, and for other purposes;
A bill (II. R. No. lO'JOJ authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to receive into the
Treasury the residuary legacy of James Smith-
son, to authorize the Regents of the Smith-
sonian Institution to apply the income of the
said legacy, and for other purposes ;
A joint resolution (II. K. No. 252) to permit
Captain John A. Webster, jr., of the steamer
Mahoning, to receive from the Government
of Great Britain a gold chronometer; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 253) for tho
relief of Captain Daniel C. Trewhitt, of the
United States Army, of Hamilton county,
Tennessee.
enrolled dills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; and they were thereupon signed
by the President prri tempore of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 218) exempting the property
of debtors in tho District of Columbia from levy,
attachment, or sale on execution;
A bill (S. No. 479) to punish illegal voting
in the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses ;
A bill (II. R. No. 388) to authorize the ex-
tension, construction, and use of a lateral
branch of the Baltimore and Potomac railroad
into and within the District of Columbia ;
A bill (II. R. No. COS) to amend an act
to establish the judicial courts of the United
States, approved September 24, 1789;
A bill (H. R. No. 719) to _ punish certain
crimes in relation to the public securities and
currency, and for other purposes ; and
A bill (II. R. No. 000) for tho relief of Cap-
tain James Starkey.
residt'ary legacy of jambs smitiiso.n.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a little bill on
the table which has come in from the House
that 1 should like very much to take up and
have passed if no Senator has any objection
to it, because it is rather necessary that it
should be passed at once, if at all. It relates
to the funds of the Smithsonian Institution,
and the Regents of that institution are now in
session in this city and would like probably to
take some action under the bill. It is very
short, and if there be no objection I should like
to have it taken up and acted upon. ^ I havo
examined it, and do not see any objection to it.
