182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19.
Mr. GRIMES. Has the Joint Committee
on Printing made any calculation as to the
expense of translating it into 'the languages
specified?
Mr. ANTHONY. We understand that the
translations will be made in the office of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office; that
he has some clerks capable of making the
translations.
Mr. GRIMES. Does the $36,000 include
the expense of printing the report in the vari-
ous languages? The type will all have to be
reset, I suppose.
Mr. ANTHONY. Thirty-six thousand dol-
lars is the cost of the maps. Those will be
printed in only one language, I presume. The
cost of printing the reading matter will be
about two thousand dollars, printing ten thou-
sand copies.
Mr. GRIMES. In each language?
Mr. ANTHONY. No, it would cost ยง2,000
to print ten thousand copies in one language.
I suppose to set it up twice might cost four or
five hundred dollars additional. The great
expense is in paper and press work. Five hun-
dred dollars would probably cover all the addi-
tional expense of this being printed in addi-
tional languages, an equal number of copies,
the translations being furnished to the printer.
Mr. RAMSEY. What is the objection to
proceeding with the consideration of the reso-
lution now?
Mr. ANTHONY. I have none.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move, then, that the Senate
proceed fo the consideration of the resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. Therearetwo resolutions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Itrequires
unanimous consent to consider the resolutions
at this time. They will be read for informa-
tion.
The Secretary read theresolutions, as follows:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the maps
accompanying thelate report of tho Commissioner of
the General Land Office be printed for the use of the
Senate.
Resolved, That ten thousand additional copies of
the report of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office be printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I thought there was a reso-
lution specifying that thp report should be
printed in the German, French, and other lan-
guages.
Mr. ANTHONY. These are the only reso-
lutions that came to us.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then we had better let this
matter pass over informally.
Mr. STEWART. I think so, until the report
of the Committee on Public Lands on that point
is found. The chairman of that committee
made a report.
Mr. ANTHONY. That report is here.
Mr. RAMSEY and Mr. STEWART. Let
that report be read.
The Secretary read the following report which
had been submitted by Mr. Pomeroy:
"The Committee on Public Lands to whom were
referred the orders and resolutions of the Senate
referring to the printing of the report of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, have had the same
under consideration, and believing that the publica-
tion ofsaid report in theleadinglanguagesof Europe
and the distribution of the same at the Paris Univer-
sal Exposition would promote immigration and the
development of the public lands of the United States,
would respectfully recommend that they be printed
in the following ratio: five thousand copies in tho
German language, five thousand in the French lan-
guage, five thousand in the Swedish language, and
five thousand for the use of the Senate."
Mr. ANTHONY. I must confess that I have,
made this report very carelessly. There were
two resolutions in the report, and I based the
*emarks that I made upon an edition of ton
thousand copies which would cost $36,000
with the maps, twenty thousand would cost
almost double that; and so to print five thou-
sand copies in four languages with the maps
will cost about eighty thousand dollars.v
Mr. STEWART. How much without the
maps?
Mr. ANTHONY; .About eight thousand
dollars and the cost of translating, whatever
that may be. The maps are very expensive.
They have to be got up by hand, a great many
of them.
Mr. STEWART. The maps are very de-
sirable.
Mr. HOWE. I believe I drew those resolu-
tions myself, and I beg to say that in the res-
olution proposing the printing of the report for
distribution in foreign countries, I did not con-
template the printing of those maps which
accompany the report of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office. I did think it
desirable that those maps should be printed
for circulation in this country, for I believe
they are very important; bnt I do not think
they are as peculiarly important for distribu-
tion abroad. The report itself seems to me to
contain a great deal of information which we
ought to send abroad, which would be very
useful in securing immigration to this country;
and as the expense of translating it I under-
stood would be nothing to the Government and
the expense of printing would be trivial, I
thought it proper to offer the resolution ; but in
drawing that resolution I did not contemplate
the printing of the maps for foreign distribu-
tion, and I do not think the language of the
resolution covers that, but I may be mistaken
about that.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to know what
provision is made for the distribution of these
copies. It is proposed to print this report in
foreign languages; but how are copies to be
circulated? Through what agency?
Mr. STEWART. The Committee on Public
Lands proposed to circulate them through our
agency at Paris at the Paris Exposition.
Mr. SUMNER. The resolution does not
seem to make any such direct provision.
Mr. STEWART. The report provides for
that. There is no resolution to meet the exact
condition of things ; but the report made by
the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands provides for that.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think the Land Office will
take upon themselves to make the distribution
in the manner suggested. There is no objec-
tion, I imagine, to giving directions in the res-
olution.
Mr. SUMNER. I was going to remark that
it seefts to me if we are going to make this
expenditure, we ought to see the end of it; in
other words, we ought to see what good it is
going to do and the agency by which this dis-
tribution is to be accomplished. The Senator
from Minnesota suggests that we refer it to the
Land Office. I doubt whether that would be
the most direct way. We might refer it to the
Department of State which is in communica-
tion with foreign countries. We might refer
it directly to the Commissioner of the United
States at the Paris Exposition, empowering
him, in his discretion, to distribute it among
the representatives of foreign countries and the
visitors of foreign countries that he may meet
at Paris. I merely throw this out by way of
suggestion.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the Senator
from Massachusetts that many of the western
States have agents in Europe to stimulate im-
migration, and I have no doubt that they would
assist the Land Office in the proper distribu-
tion of these documents. I imagine there
would be no difficulty in distributing them prop-
erly and in an unexpensive way.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suggest, as there seems
to be some confusion about this matter, that
the Senators who have it particularly in charge,
the Senator from Nevada and the Senator from
Minnesota, draw up a resolution stating pre-
cisely what they want, how many with maps,
how many in each language, and then it can
be introduced and we can discuss it and there
will be no necessity for its reference: and with
that resolution before me I can give the Senate
what information they desire in regard to the
expense of printing.
Mr. RAMSEY. "Very well; let this matter
pass over, then, for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lutions will be laid over informally.
VOLUNTEER. ARMY REGISTER.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now. I should like to
call np the joint resolution which was laid on
the table on Monday, reported from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to instruct the Su-
perintendent of Public Printing to suspend, the
publication of the Volunteer Army Register. I
should like to have it taken up and recommit-
ted to the Committee on Military Affairs. I
will state with regard to it that it was ordered
to be printed in eight parts, fifty thousand
copies, with the idea of selling it. Four parts
have been printed, but as it was stereotyped
it was not necessary to print the whole at once,
and the Superintendent of Public Printing very
wisely printed an edition of only five thousand
copies of the first four volumes, and is now
only printing one thousand of the last. The
sales have amounted to $200. The propo-
sition in the resolution which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs was, that the
Superintendent of Public Printing should pre-
sent a plan which would be much cheaper, and
that the work should be edited with more ac-
curacy. The publication of this work on the
plan of the resolutions under which the Super-
intendent of Public Printing is now acting and
by which he is bound, unless this resolution
passes, will cost $200,000, and when it is fin-
ished it will be worth just the price of old
paper, six or eight cents a pound. It seems
to me it is a terrible waste of public money for
a book of that kind published with such im-
perfections. Not only is there the great legit-
imate expense of publication, but four out of
five of the plates that have been stereotyped
have been canceled and reset. I think we had
better wait until the War Department can give
us a fair copy of the roster, which I think will
be a very valuable thing to print then and
worth the cost of it, although it ought not to
cost anyfting like this sum. I move, there-
fore, that the resolution be taken up and
recommitted to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Iskuid moves to take from the
table the joint resolution (S. No. 83) respect-
ing the publication of the volunteer Army
Register and to recommit it to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
CHARLES CLARK.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 146)
for the relief of Charles Clark, marshal of the
United States for the district of Maine, to
report it with an amendment: and I ask for
its present consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
the unanimous consent of the Senate to con-
sider the resolution on the day it is reported.
Is there any objection.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the resolution?
Mr. JOHNSON. I will state that the reso-
lution proposes to authorize the Secretary of
the Interior to credit Mr. Clark with the sum
of $3,028 of public funds in his hands as Uni-
ted StatS marshal for the district of Maine,
which were in his office at tho custom-house
in Portland at the time of the great fire there
last summer, and were destroyed. The fact
that the money was there and that it was de-
stroyed is very well established by the two wit-
nesses who have testified, and their character
is vouched for by the honorable Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Fessendex.] I suppose, there-
fore, the Senate will have no objection to con-
sidering the resolution at once.
There being bo objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary was to strike out all of the
resolution after the enacting clause and to
insert in lieu thereof the following:
That the Secretary of the Interior he, and he hi
hereby, authorized, in tho settlement of the accounts
of Charles Clark, marshal of the United Staia? for
the district of Maine, to allow him credit for sueri
sum of public money as was in his charge as marshal,
not to exceed ?3,0as,asbeinaybesatisfiedwaabume<$j
