1622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
master General, part of which has been read
by the Senator from West Virginia, in which
he states that the use of this patent has saved
to the Government several hundred thousand
dollars. I would suggest to the Senate this
consideration in connection with this bill:
suppose the patentees in this case should bring
a suit in the Court of Claims against the Uni-
ted States to recover damages for the use of
this patent. If the representations made by
the Postmaster General be true, it occurs to
me that the criterion by which to determine the
damages would be the amount which the use
of this patent has saved to the Government;
and the probabilities are that, in a suit of that
description, these patentees would recover
against the Government hundreds of thousands
of dollars ; and if the Government should con-
tinue to use this patent, and there seems to be,
from the statements made by official authority,
an almost absolute necessity for its use, or for
the use of some similar or inferior invention,
it would seem that this amount would accumu-
late, and the patentees would be entitled to
recover from the United States what patentees
would be entitled to recover from an individual
for a violation of the patent.
Mr. WILSON. Have they violated it?
Mr. \\ ILLIAMS. What right have the Uni-
ted States to take a man's patent and use it?
Mr. WILSON. What is it good for if the
United States do not take it? It is not worth
a cent. I understand that the patentees have
the right; that the Government tried the ex-
periment; and all the worth there is in the
patent the Government has made; and if the
Government should not use it it is not worth
anything. We have tried it. We have found
it works well. I do not know that these per-
sons have any claim upon us at all. We have
not violated this patent. We have not used it
against tho4r protest thatrl know of. We have
tried the experiment of using a patent stamp
the worth of which consists in the fact that the
Government uses it at all. I am in favor of
paying them a just sum. It may be that the
sum of $20,000 is not sufficient. That may be
as far wrong one way as I think the sum of
$100,000 is the other. But suppose the Gov-
ernment should decide that it did not wish to
use this patent, and should take another pat-
ent; suppose a new patent should be discov-
ered immediately; what is this worth? Will
the Senator say what it is worth if the Govern-
ment does not use it?
Mr. RAMSEY. What would it cost the Gov-
ernment to dispense with the use of it?
Mr. WILSON. Suppose that to-day a gen-
tleman should come hero with a patent vastly
superior, and the Government should take
that, what would this be worth ?
Mr. CONNESS. They have not done it.
Mr. WILSON. They may do it. The whole
worth of this patent is the fact that the Gov-
ernment uses it and proposes to use it; but if
it should decide to settle for its use heretofore
and not use it hereafter what would it be
worth ?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I should like to state
for the gentleman's benefit that since this re-
port was introduced I have received letters
from two inventors, who say they have invented
postal stamps, and one offers his for $50,000
and the other for $25,000. One of them is
accompanied by a photograph of a drawing of
his invention, and it is precisely, I believe,
upon the principle, from outward appearance,
ot the one that is embraced in this bill: but
what he seems to claim as its principal merits
are two discarded features of the present in-
vention. For instance, in the first place the !
object was to get something that would effect-
ually cancel the postage stamp. They tried
first to do it by fine steel points ; but it was
iound that those points were very apt to so
too far into the letter and perhaps injure val-
uable papers inside. After trying a great
variety of articles in order to effect this pur-
pose, it is now effected with a powerful spring
behind it and some other fixings that I am
not able to detail; but the fact is that it does
what no other postal stamp has been effectual
in doing, that is, it breaks the glazing on the
face of the postage stamp, which must be
glazed in order that it may stand the wetting
that it subsequently receives, so that the ink
used in canceling penetrates the body of
the stamp. That is found to be an effect-
ual protection (and I think that is its greatest
merit) against the washing of a stamp with
water, or with chemicals that wore formerly
used for the purpose. It was not perfected
till after many years had been devoted to the
purpose. These efforts were encouraged by
the successive Postmasters General of the
United States, and although there is no written
testimony to that effect, at the very beginning
Postmaster General Blair told them to go on
and perfect the invention and that he would
ask Congress to bestow this very sum of
$100,000 upon them. That was four years
ago. The Government has had the use of the
invention for four years ; and it is now pro-
vided in addition by this bill that the patent
shall revert to th« United States.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, if I were
an inventor, andthe value of my invention were
to be tested, I should dislike very much to
have the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts one of the jury in the case. I have list-
ened often to estimates of the value of things,
but I confess that the mode of estimating the
value of this invention presented by my friend
this morning is the most curious that I ever
listened to.
Mr. President, there can bo no disposition
on the part of a committee of this body to
grant more of the public money to a citizen
who applies to be remunerated for what he has
furnished to the Government than is found to
be due. The care and exactness with which
the honorable Senator from West Virginia has
examined this question reflects credit upon
him. The ingenuity and at the same time the
simplicity (for all valuable, inventions are
simple when you understand them fully) of
this invention is very great. As has been ex-
plained by the honorable Senator, it does not
simply cancel the stamp by blotting the face
of it, but it cuts and penetrates the surface of
the stamp and impregnates the body of the
paper of which it is composed with the prepa-
ration or ink, and thus makes it impossible
ever to use the stamp again. j
Now, sir, to be possessed of this stamp by j
a right, and to provide in one of our bills, which
the honorable Senator from Maine [Mr. Fes-
sexden] will have before us, that it shall be j
required to be used, or it shall be used, for the I
cancellation also of revenue stamps, would
save, I have no doubt, to the Government I
very large sums of money annually. The law j
now only requires those s'tamps to'be canceled
by writing on the face, which is easily removed !
by a chemical preparation, and so those stamps |
are being constantly used over again.
_ I rose, however, Mr. President, to say that
it is exceedingly difficult for a citizen to estab- j
lisha claim against a Government and get,
justice. I know that the contrary is the
general opinion. \\ hen a claim comes before j
this body for investigation there is somehow or |
other a suspicion attaching to it that the party 1
applying wants more than is his due, and often
persons make it a merit to attack a claim and :
thus establish a character for economy in 1
opposing claims. I wish to say that I do not
attribute any such motive to my honorable
friend from Massachusetts; but it is too much
the case. I, for instance, reported from the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
this morning a bill for the payment of D. B.
Allen & Co. for carrying the United States
mi^ls ; and knowing this disposition so well,
the committee instructed me to report in favor
of the payment of one half the sum that is justly
due to that company. If the Government owes
D. B. Allen and & Co. forty-six cents, it owes
them $46,000; and yet the committee, im-
pressed with the general disposition to reduce
claims, and the company agreeing thereto
reported a bill for half that sum. I hoDe that
this case, in being considered, will be put upon
its merits, and that a valuable invention will
not be cried down simply because the amount
seems to be large, when for four years the
Government has saved double, treble, quad-
ruple the sum by the use of the invention.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope that the Senate before
they vote on this question will fully appreciate
its importance. If we do not make some
arrangement with these parties, the Govern-
ment of course will be responsible, as the
Senator from Oregon has suggested, in the
Court of Claims for the past use of the patent,
the value of which the Postmaster General has
estimated at some $200,000 a year to the Gov-
ernment. They have been using it for four
years; and just at this time the Post Office
Department conceive that it is very important
that some legislation should be had. They are
now about entering into new contracts for the
manufacture of postage stamps previous to
their distribution throughout the post offices
of the United States, and unless some arrange-
ment is made with these parties the Postmaster
General apprehends, as he has cause to appre-
hend, that they will enjoin him from the use
of their invention. If the saving has been, as
he supposes, $200,000 a year, we must of
course anticipate, if we refuse to pass this bill
or some other bill satisfactory to these parties,
the loss during the next year of $200,000 in
this very small matter. He tells us that unless
this thing is done and unless he has the right
to use this patent he will have immediately to
place seven new clerks in the post office at
j New York, and an increased number in pro-
I portion to the business in all the larger offices
throughout the country. The Post Office Com-
mittee gave this subject a great deal of con-
sideration. It is very difficult to arrive at the
precise sum to be paid in such a case as this.
The parties themselves ask for considerable
more than the amount named in the bill; but,
in weighing all the considerations that pre-
sented themselves, the committee thought this
was about a fair sum to offer these parties. I
think myseif that upon the score of economy
the Senate ought not to hesitate in passing thi3
bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we should perfect
the bill, at any rate, by striking out the words
''Post Office Department'' and inserting "Gov-
ernment of the United States," because if this
invention s valuable it is valuable for the Gov-
ernment in other Departments as well as in
the Post Office Department. In the internal
revenue department we arc losing by the
fraudulent reuse of stamps more than all we
shall save in the Post Office Department by
this bill. The law, as the Senator from Cali-
fornia has intimated, simply requires revenue
stamps now to^ be canceled by writing on them
with common ink and a common pen the ini-
tials of the name of the party using them.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I call the attention
of the Senator from Kansas to the language of
the latter part of the bill:
Provided, That within thirty days from tho ap-
p£ov-ai , 3 such assignee?, owner, or owners
ot said patent, shall duly assign and transfer the said
letters-patent and the invention therein contained
t? * States of America for the use of the
l>ost Office Department, A-c.
Mr. POMEROY. My amendment is to strike
out the words "Post Office Department" and
to insert u Government of the United States.
Mr. \\ INKLE. Yerv well; I shall
not object to that.
Mr. POMERO Y. As there is another amend-
ment pending this can be done only by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. W ILSON. I am willing to withdraw
my amendment for the purpose of allowing
that motion to be made.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to say that in
large institutions and corporations, where not
only an enormous amount of stamps are used
daily, but the largest stamps, where instru-
ments of writing are executed daily, and stamps
to the amount ot $1,000 on a single piece of
paper are used, at present there is no mode
' by law authorized tor the canceling of those
