1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1623
large revenue stamps except, as I have stated,
the writing of the initials of the party with a
common pen ; which writing is easily effaced,
and then they may be used over and over
again. Where corporations require mortgages
to be executed for the securing of bonds, alter
the mortgage is recorded and returned to the
otlice the stamps may be taken off and used
again, if any one is disposed to be dishonest.
But if you have them canceled in a way that
destroys the texture of the stomp, so that it
cannot be again used, it would be a gres^t saving
of revenue to the Government, and ought to
be done. In our banking institutions, where
notes are canceled every day, and where
stamps to a very large amount are used, after
the notes are canceled, as the stamp contains
nothing but the initials of the person, who put
it on carelessly with a pen, it can be taken off
by any clerk and used again, and it is no doubt
done over and over. I want this canceling
stamp, if it is to be owned by the Government,
to be used throughout the internal revenue
department, as well as the Post Office Depart-
ment.
Mr. RAMSEY. The value of this invention
is not only in canceling the stamp, as the Sen-
ator from Kansas seems to suppose, but it is
that at the same time that it cancels the stamp,
it puts on the post office designation. The
great saving is in that, killing as it were two
birds with one stone, executing two pieces of
work at the same instant of time. It would be
useful of course for the other purpose, but it
is of special importance in the Post Office
Department for this particular reason: that it
executes these two pieces of work at the same
time.
Mr. POMEROY. A postage stamp is only
worth three cents, and there is not much
temptation to use it over again. In the reve-
nue department, where the stamps are large,
the temptation of course is large, and there are
likely to be more frauds than in the Post Office
Department.
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not object to the view
the Senator takes of it, but it has an additional
value twice as great as that.
Mr, VAN WINKLE. As the intention of
the committee was that this stamp and the
whole invention should be conveyed to the
United States for whatever use they could
make of it, I will, if it is proper for me to do
so, accept the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Kansas.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the
opinion of the Chair it is not within the power
of the Senator from West Virginia to accept
the amendment as a part of the bill. The
motion to amend the Chair will put to the
Senate at the proper time. The question now
is on the motion offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts to amend the bill by striking
out "§100,000," and inserting "$20,000."
Mr. WILSON. I propose to modify my
amendment by saying "$50,000." I believe
that the sum of $100,000 is more than we ought
to pay. I am so informed by gentlemen who
have examined this subject with the greatest
possible care; men of practical talent and
intelligence. I am willing to do what is just
and right in a matter of this kind; but I do
not think we ought to pay a larger sum of
money than justice requires. I have noticed
since I have been here, during the last twelve
years, that a great many very shrewd business
men come here, ^nd they wind us around their
fingers with perfect ease. We are not compe-
tent to deal with these men generally on these
matters. They understand a great deal more
about them than we do; and 1 have seen the
Senate cheated over and over again by such
men. I am willing to do justice to the men
now before us or to any others; but I think we
ought to be careful in making these large ap-
propriations. I believe $50,000 is all we ought
to pay, and indeed more than we ought to pay.
I think it is liberal. I wish to vote, if I vote
alone, in favor of this amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator does
not allude to me.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
now is to strike out "$100,000" and insert
"$50,000."
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know any shrewd
business men that can get any advantage of the
Senate. There may be some, but I have never
seen them. I have been in favor of this sum
of $50,000, in committee and out of commit-
tee, all the time. I think $50,000 a fair com-
pensation.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts desires to be just. Does he think it
just to offer these men $50,000 for the use of
an invention by which the Government has
saved $200,000 a year for four years? Would
that be just?
Mr. WILSON. I do not think that is a
question to be considered at all. If it saved
$50,000,000, that does not alter the case. The
question is, what is a proper sum to pay these
men ? This is an invention already made, and
the Government gave them a patent. It is
worthless except to the Government—worth-
less to them. If we had not tried it and used
it, what would it have been worth to them?
Now, what I propose is to pay them a just and
fair sum for the discovery. As I have already
said, it may be that we shall not use this inven-
tion six months longer. It may be that some-
thing else, as much superior to this as this is
to many others, will be discovered. I think
$50,000 is as much as we ought to pay.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. POMEROY. I now move the amend-
ment I suggested a few moments ago, in lines
fifteen and sixteen to strike out the words
"Post Office Department" and to insert the
words "Government of the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the Louisi-
ana bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion cannot be entertained unless the Senator
moves to postpone the pending measure and
all prior orders.
Mr. SUMNER. I supposed this bill had
passed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I give notice to the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts that as
soon as this matter is disposed of we are going
to take up the Indian bill, which is necessary
to be acted upon before the Indian appropria-
tion bill can be acted upon.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope Senators will allow
the action upon this bill to be completed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question as soon as debate ceases.
Mr. POMEROY. There are several bills
from the Committee on Public Lands of very
great and pressing importance which I should
like to have considered after this measure is
disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
before the Senate having been read three times,
the question is, Shall it pass.
The bill was passed.
indian affairs.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 204) to provide for an annual inspec-
tion into Indian affairs, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
allow me to call up the Louisiana bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. This bill must be dis-
posed of.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that this bill was passed by the Sen-
ate and was amended by the House, and the
amendment has bee* referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs of the Senate, and they re-
port it back with a recommendation that the
Senate do not agree to the amendment made
by the House. The question is upon the
amendment made to the bill by the House of
Representatives, on which the Committee on
Indian Affairs have reported as stated.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
if this is the bill on which the House substi-
tuted a transfer of the Indian Bureau to the
War Department, instead of allowing it to
remain in the Interior Department?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. The amend-
ment made by the House will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all of the bill after the enact-
ing clause and to insert the following in lieu
thereof:
That from and after the 1st day of July, 1867, the
Secretary of War shall exercise the supervisory and
appellate powers and possess the jurisdiction now
exercised and possessed by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior in relation to all the acta of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, and shall sign all requisitions for
the advance or payment of money out of the Treas-
ury on estimates or accounts, subject to the same
adjustment or control now exorcised on similar esti-
mates or accounts by the Auditors and Comptrollers
of the Treasury, or either of them.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of War shall be authorized, whenever in his
opinion it shall promote the economy and efficiency
ofthelndian service, to establish convenientdepart-
ments and districts for the proper administration of
the duties now imposed by law on the superintend-
ents of Indian affairs, and upon agents and sub-
agents, and to substitute for such superintendents
and agents officers of the Army of the United States,
who shall be designated for that purpose, and who
shall then become charged with all the duties now
imposed by law upon the superintendents and agents
thus superseded, and without additional compensa-
tion therefor. The Secretary of War shall also detail
an officer, not below the rank of brigadier general,
to fill the office and discharge the duties of Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs. Officers of the Army desig-
nated to perform the duties of Commissioner, super-
intendent, agent, or sub-agent, shall not be required
to give the bonds now required of civil appointees, but
shall bo responsible for any neglect or maladminis-
tration according to the Rules and Articles of War.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That all contracts
for transportation connected with the Indian service
shall hereafter be made in the same manner and at
the same time provided for transportation for the use
of the Army.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of War shall be authorized to withhold all spe-
cial licenses from traders, and. under regulations to
be by him prescribed, to provide the times and places
at which all traders complying therewith may pre-
sent themselves for bargain, barter, and exchange
with the several Indian tribes, according to the laws
of the United States regulating the same.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all laws and
parts of laws inconsistent with the provisions of this
act are hereby repealed.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
if this is a substitute for the bill, or merely an
addendum to the bill?
Mr. HENDERSON. A substitute for the
whole bill.
Mr. GRIMES. This strikes out and does
away with that junction of church and state,
by which we were to have the churches select
commissioners?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir. I will state
for the information of the Senate, that at the
last session the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Doolittle] presented a bill to the Senate
which passed, providing for a division of the
Indian country into inspection districts, and
the appointment of inspectors whose duty it
should be annually to visit the tribes and report
their condition and the mode and manner of
managing those Indians. That bill was sent
to the House of Representatives, and the
amendment that has been just read by the
Clerk, in the nature of a substitute, was adopted
by the House, which proposes to turn the In-
dian department over to the Secretary of War.
That is the plain and simple proposition now
before the Senate. The Senate has already
acted upon the other bill, and the question
now is whether we shall concur in the action
of the House of Representatives. I am
instructed by the Committee of Indian Affairs
—unanimously I believe I may say—to ask the
Senate to non-concur in this amendment.
While I am up, as there is no time to enter
into a discussion of matters of this character,
