1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ml
Does it not clothe a defunct officer of a former
House with the power of passing upon the
returns of the members of the new House?
It certainly does. . We have seen this power
once in the course of execution, and we have
seen how magisterially a defunct Clerk of
the preceding House did exercise it; and all
this m defiance of the power of each House to
judge of the elections, returns, and qualifica-
tions of its own members, to organize the body
itself and to elect its own officers.
" Each House may determine the rules of its pro-
ceedings, punish its members for disorderly bohavior,
and with tho concurrence of two thirds expel a mem-
ber."
Here is an important rule of proceeding, one
of the most important rules of proceeding in
the organization of the House, which is sought
by this bill to be wrested from the House and
to be reposed, not in the House, but in a dead
officer of a former House. I ask the honorable
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary
if the Democratic party or any party hostile to
the Republican party was now in power, and
had possession of such a bill as this is, and
were urging it upon the acceptance of the Sen-
ate with a view to partisan and party advan-
tage, would he or any member of his party give
their support to such a measure? I suppose he
would not. I do not think that I would*. I do
not believe that to subserve the interests of any
party in existence or that ever had existence
or that ever may be in existence while I was a
member of the Senate could I be brought to
vote for such a bill as this. No, sir; the vice
of the times, the rage of the demon of faction,
is now to disregard Constitution and law and
to warp both to party purposes. It is a system
of legislation that is not only vicious but it is
revolutionary; it is subversive of the Constitu-
tion, of the frame of our Government, and it is
time that the party in power should turn their
backs upon such a course of legislation as that.
A bill of this importance ought not to be
voted for, according to my judgment, by any
gentleman when in a majority where he would
not be willing to give the same vote if in a
minority. No gentleman is so credulous as to
believe that the majority in the Senate would
vote for this measure if the condition and tho
power of their party and of the Democratic party
was reversed. But whatever party may offer
such a measure, whatever it may be denomi-
nated, Democratic, Republican, Whig, it is a
principle entirely new in the practice of the
Government, in plain and direct conflict with
the Constitution, and impinging the powers
and the rights of both Houses in the selection
of their officers, in judging upon the returns,
elections, and qualifications of their members,
and in declaring the rules and regulations by
which they will proceed in their action. And
what more important point of action is there
than tho organization of the House? I invoke
gentlemen to awake from the delusion and
from the frenzy of passion and of partisanship,
and to allow to each House in the organization
of that House at the beginning of each Con-
gress, in the election of its officers, in judging
of the returns of its members, all the powers
which the Constitution so explicitly and exclu-
sively guaranties to them. I trust, sir, this
measure will not pass.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am really sorry that
this little bill from the House of Represent-
atives, by no means novel legislation, should
hove excited the denunciations of the Senator
from Kentucky; that he should have gone into
a passion over it and supposed that it was
some party measure, and that it would not be
vote'J for at all if the Republican party was
net. in a majority. He seems to suppose that
it i  a measure brought into the Senate by the
Republican majority of the Senate. Why, sir,
it is a bill from the House of Representatives,
voted for by all parties, having nothing of a
party character in it, and would as readily
receive the assent of Congress at one time as
another—a bill that met the unanimous assent
of the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-
ate after the amendment was adopted which
struck out the penalty. And what "is this bill
that has excited such a storm of indignation?
Why, sir, it is a bill prescribing the duty of the
Clerk of the House of Representatives. Be-
cause the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives is elected by the House does anybody
suppose that it is not competent for Congress
by law to prescribe the duties of the Clerk?
Does the Senator from Kentucky deny the
authority of Congress by law to prescribe the
duties of the Secretary of this body, of the
Sergeant-at-Arms, of any officer of this body?
Is this novel legislation? If the Senator from
Kentucky had looked into tho statute-book he
would have found that the first scction of the
bill under consideration is but a transcript of
the law as it already exists, which declares—
"That beforo tho lirst moetmgof the next Congress
and of every subsequent Congress tho Clerk of tho
next preceding llouse of Representatives shall liiako
a roll of tho Represontativos-eleet and place thereon
the names of all persons, and of such persons only,
whoso credentials show that they were regularly
elected in accordance with the laws of their States
respectively or the laws of tho United States."
That is tho law of the land to-day, passed
years ago.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator give me the
date of that law ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes,sir; 1 will give the
Senator the date of the law. It is the 3d of
March, 1803. It was passed nearly four years
ago, and the origin of this-law was the incon-
venience that wiis found in the House of Rep-
resentatives in ils organization by having no
means prescribed for calling it together. This
is a pieliminary proceeding. Tho House has
to get together in some way. Some persons
must be treated as members in the first prelim-
inary proceeding. A mob from the street can-
not come in and control. Ilence it lias been the
custom, either under direct provision of law or
without that provision, for the Clerk of the
former House to call the names of the mem-
bers. Some difficulties had arisen, as wo all
know, in this preliminary organization, and all
parties thought it better to provide that a list
should be made up in some form, ll settles
nothing except to enable the House to get
together and proceed to take tho preliminary
steps for its organization.
The Senator from Kentucky is astounded at
that and thinks there is some " cat under the
meal " that is going to destroy the Constitution
of his country; he has taken alarm and is op-
posed to this because the Republican majority
of the Senate has brought it in. Sir, it is not
brought in by the Senate at all, neither by a
Republican majority nor by any other majority,
or a minority ; it is a bill which came here from
the other House.
And now how does this bill differ from the
present law? The first section is precisely the
same, as the Senate will see, word for word; in
prescribing the duties of the Clerk, except that
it contains a clause providing that tho Clerk
shall only put upon his list members from
States which were represented in the preceding
Congress.
Has the Senator from Kentucky any objection
to that? Does he want the great question as to
what States are entitled to be represented to be
settled by the Clerk? Is he not willing that
Congress should determine that question? Ilis
opinions maybe one way and mine another;
but would he devolve that upon the Clerk?
Would he not leave that to be settled by the
Houses themselves ? Does he want to produce
anarchy and confusion in the organization of tho
House? What is he after? This is a transcript
of the present law with that single exception.
The second section of the bill provides that
in case tho Clerk is unableto perform this duty,
by reason of sickness, death, absence, or for
any other cause, some other person shall have
authority to call the roll. Will not the Senator
from Kentucky have it done by anybody? Is
he not willing that the law should prescribe
somebody to call the roll, or does he want con-
fusion and anarchy and misrule? The House
of Representatives have said, if the Clerk is
unable to attend to it, the Sergeant-at-Arms
shall attend to it; and in case of his inability,
the Doorkeeper; and has tho Senator from
Kentucky any objections to that? Perhaps
some other officer might have been provided;
but the House thought proper, in their judg-
ment, to devolve itjipon these two. Somebody
has to do it to prevent confusion. Is it not
better to determine in advance who shall do it?
This is all that there is in the bill, aud I hope
that the Senate will pass it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Illinois if any occasion has arisen in
the history of this Republic that demands such
legislation?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly it has, and
the legislation took place four years ago.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not know the .
occasion, and I should like to be informed
what occasion necessitated such legislation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There has been con-
fusion frequently in the organization of the
House. It is not my business to post the Sen-
ator from California, who is much better in-
formed than 1 am in the history of the coun-
try. I have no doubt that a gentleman of so
many years and of such venerable appearance
will recollect the difficulty that arose years ago
in the House of Representatives when Mr.
Adams, of Massachusetts, by a sort of com-
mon consent, was called to the chair when
there was a dispute as to who had a right to
preside at all. 1 know that from his age and
knowledge of public affairs at that time and
many years before, the Senator from Califor-
nia remembers those things bettor than I do.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am informed.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, theScnatorfrom
Illinois does not answer any of tho objections
which F have made to this bill, as I understand
hiq answer. On tho contrary, he concedes tho
main objection which 1 have made, and that is
that the bill devolves the organization of tho
House from the House itself, where the Con-
stitution places it, to an officer who is now
Koposed to be appointed by this act for the
ouse.
The honorable Senator says truly that in
180:i a similar measure was passed. We all
know that; but the principle was just as object-
ionable then as it is now, and the mapner in
which that law has operated, by clothing the
clerk of a former House with the power to
exclude Representatives from eleven States, is
the strongest objection that could bo made to
the law.
The honorable Senator asks me if I want
disorder and confusion to reign in the organ-
ization of the House. Certainly not. From
1789 up to 185.3 was there any such disorder
and confusion? How were the Houses then
organized? It is true that the Clerk of tho
former House informally, and without any au-
thority, by sufferance, was permitted to mako
out a roll of the members-elect; ho was in-
dulged by the sufferance of each House, by its
will, by its permission, to read over that roll
and call out the names of the members of tho
House. When I was first a member of tho
House of Representatives, in 1839, that process
was being in operation. Mr. Garland, who
had been Clerk of the previous House, refused
to call the names of the members elected from
the State of New Jersey.
We saw, then, how this power, exerted by
the Clerk under sufferance and usage, which is
now proposed to be sanctioned by positive en-
actment, operated. Its operation was_ that it
prevented the House from being organized for
six weeks; and at length, to solve the difficulty,
the House dethroned that Clerk, removed him
from the position at the table which he was oc-
cupying, and from reading the roll of members;
of the House, and took upon itself the exercise
of that office according to its own direction anq
order, and instead Qf the former Clerk being
allowed to preside over the House in its organ-
ization be was precluded from that position
and John Quincy Adama was placed iu the
