1624
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
I will state that under some circumstances I
would not be averse to transferring the Indian
bureau to the War Department; but under the
present circumstances I am opposed to it, and
I could give to the Senate various reasons for
that opinion. The chief reason is that diffi-
culties now exist with the Indian tribes, and a
proposition of this sort, in my judgment—and
all the information that the committee can
obtain leads us to suppose so—will merely ;
complicate our difficulties. We think it would i
be better not to make a change jost at the
moment of time when there is a threatened
■war between the Indians and the settlers in the
West.. We think that in all probability at some j!
future time the proposed action of the House ;
of Representatives may be adopted without ;
producing the difficulty that it will now inev-
itably produce. Under the circumstances we
think it would be unadvisable to adopt the pro-
posed change at present. Whatever may be
the design of the Senate hereafter, whatever
may be thought the best policy in the future ou ]
this subject, it is deemed unadvisable to do so j
now. _ !
I have given the subject some considerable !
attention, and, without taking up the time of
the Senate, I can say that I believe it will be •
the very worst policy to adopt a measure of j
this kind now. It will produce a very violent
change in the administration of our Indian
affairs, and one that the Indians will not under-
stand, one that they will regard as an act of
war against them; and in all probability instead
of'having our war confined to two bands of the
Sioux Indians—and it seems now to be the
latest and best information on the subject that
there are but two of those bands engaged in war
■—we may have others, and not only other bands
of Sioux, but various other tribes of Indians
connected with them. For tKfe best protection
of the western people, for the security of travel
across the plains, we thought, and we were
unanimous in the opinion, that it would be
best to provide, as the bill of the Senate pro-
vides, for an inspection into Indian affairs,
and at least for the present let other matters
stand as they are.
There has been much complaint, and very
justly, too, of the management of Indian
affairs by agents. Those agents in all proba-
bility have failed to discharge their duties, and
many of them have been corrupt. The Indian
Committee are determined, all of us, if we
possibly can, to root out that corruption, and
to get a better class of men in these positions.
We do not believe that a change at once into
the hands of the military will be attended by
any better results. The strong probability is
that the very difficulties we now encounter will
be encountered with them, and at least until
we shall have had time, in a period of profound
peace with the Indians, to prepare a measure
that will be cautiously guarded in every par-
ticular, we deem it proper to non-concur with
the House amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. No one can be expected
to discuss this subject at any length at this
feriod of the session, and I shall not do so.
shall only say that I agree with what the Sen-
ator from Missouri has said, and with the re-
port of the Committee on Indian Affairs. I
hold in my hand, and I have read the greater
portion of it, the report made by a committee
that was sent out from Congress, consisting of
the then chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, the present Presiding Officer of this
body and Mr. Ross, of Illinois. I have be-
come convinced, if I was not before, that it
will be anything but just to the Indian to turn
him over to the War Department at this time.
I confess that it is a very dark problem, and
one that no one can solve, why it is that the
Indian tribes are wasting away and becoming
extinct. I confess, too, that the present man-
agement of Indian affairs is often open to crit-
icism, and on account of what the Senator
from Missouri has alluded to, being badly man-
aged, it lias become very unpopular; but I
submit that the remedy proposed of turning it
over to the War Department will not cure the
bad management.
It is said it is expensive to manage it as it
now is. I cannot think it will be less so under
the management of the War Department. I
have seen a good deal of that management
in the West, and I never saw any pecuniary
saving by anything done by the military. I
know there is a discipline in the Army, or
ought to be; I know that they can hold their
officers and agents to the strictest account; and
yet, after all, I find that their discipline is not
so strict and their accountability is not so per-
fect but that frauds and corruption and mis-
management are often seen even in the military
department.
I hold in my hand a communication, in re-
ply to a resolution of the Senate, from the hon-
orable Secretary of War, presenting the corre-
spondence of the Department that has been
had during the last year with certain military
officers since the war commenced with the In-
dians. I have noticed these dispatches. Their j
tone and temper have a peculiar significance, j
General Sherman, whom I regard as one of [
the most humane and One of the best generals :
in the Array, sent a dispatch on the 28th of
last December to General Grant, which he
closes by saying:
"We must act with vindictive earnestness against
the Sioux, even to their extermination, men, women,
and children. Nothing loss will reach the root ot tu s
case."
That may be so ; but I am not prepared to
turn out the Army on the Indians and exter-
minate them, men, women, and children. I
think communications of this character tend
to make the matter worse instead of better. If
any one will read the testimony of Colonel
Bent, whom I know very well and who has
long been familiar with these Indian difficul-
ties and Indian tribes, as given to the commit-
tee, they will see that in almost every instance
he traces the wars we have had with Indian
tribes to some indiscretion or cruelty or out-
rage committed first upon the Indians them-
selves. We ought not to expect that Indians
are better than white men. If white men
would resent such things—and I say they would
lose their very manhood if they did not do
it—it must be expected that Indians will show
some resentment. They are not going to see
their privileges swept away, their women and
children murdered, and have no resentment;
and they have an idea that all white men are
committed to the wrongs of an individual. If
one officer of the Army kills an Indian woman
or child they intend to make some white man
suffer for it, if not the man who committed the
wrong.
Sir, with such sentiments as these from the
men highest in authority in the Army, what
can we expect if the agents are dismissed, the
missionaries turned off, and the schools abol-
ished, and a lieutenant sent out with a squad
of soldiers to guard and look after the Indians,
when it is understood that if an Indian tribe
is hostile, as most of the mountain tribes are,
I am sorry to say, they must be pursue# to
extermination, men, women, and children?
There is a communication also from Colonel
Carrington to General P. St. George Cooke,
in which he closes a long dispatch by saying,
"I spare none." You may look this cor-
respondence through and you will find that
that is the temper and tone of all the com-
munications between the commanding officers
of the Army.
I will not argnc this question because I do
not submit any one wants to argue it; but I
submit that it is not the time now to turn
these Indians over to the War Department.
I am ready to correct any abuses that have
grown up under this system of Indian agencies.
I will go with him who goes the furthest to
turn out bad agents and correct all abuses.
But there is another lesson to be taught; there
are other responsibilities upon us in relation
to those tribes thau simply turning them over
to the War Department to shift for themselves
in contact with the American Army. We
have received lessons from those who have
gone before ns. I have had my attention
lately called to the discussion that was had in
the Senate when the charge of the Indians was
taken from the War Department, and if any
one will read the abuses that were then brought
to light, practiced in the War Department,
they will see that there is no reason existing
now why we should return to those same
abuses. But as I see that the Senator from
Nevada is anxious to discuss this question, and
as I feel no disposition to prolong my remarks,
and I know the interest my friend feels in it, I
will say no more on the subject.
Mr. STEWART. I am unwilling at this
stage of the session to make any prolonged
remarks upon even this subject, which has
come nnder my personal observation for many
years. I have seen the operation of the Indian
bureau in the remote Territories, and I have
known it to be a failure, a miserable failure in
my State. By the time any appropriation for
the Indiana gets out there it appears in the
shape of blankets, manufactured in Europe, that
are of no account, and trinkets that are of no
use to the Indians, and on one occasion a
couple of old flint-locks. They could have got
plenty of them out on the mountain side, but
I believe they were brought from Europe.
You could not get them to take them as a gift.
They were of no use. They did not know what
to do with them. The goods that are distrib-
uted there are bought in New York. There
is no transportation provided at this time, and
they are not received by the Indians for two or
three years afterward. The agents are entirely
unable to comply with any kind of arrange-
ment or promise made to the Indians. There
has been trouble all the time with the Indians
in the northern part of my State, and between
there and Idaho. Trains are constantly inter-
rupted. The inhabitants are being murdered
aliru>st daily; there has been an Indian war there
for years, on a small scale, it is true, but exceed-
ingly aggravated. The Indian agents complain
that they cannot do anything, for the reason
that supplies are not sent to them, or if sent,
are not sent in time. They have no means to
go on and do anything with the Indians.
Sir, the whole Indian system, so far from
affording any protection whatever to settle-
ments in Idaho, Nevada, Utah, and Arizona,
is a failure. East of the Rocky mountains
it has not come directly under my personal
observation to so great an extent: but even
there I hear similar reports; and now, whether
or not a better system can be devised than the
present one, the one that has been in opera-
tion for the past thirty years, I think it would
be an excellent thing to change the channels
of corruption. It will be some time before the
new agents learn all the tricks of this trade. I
think it is time to break it up and turn it over
to the War Department. It will be some
years before it gets to be as corrupt and
demoralizing as the present system, from what
I have seen and know of it. It does not give
us peace ; it does not protect the inhabitants ;
it does not benefit the Indian ; it does not
preserve his life. The contracts with him are
not complied with, and nobody is responsible.
Money that we appropriate is absorbed some-
where. The Indian is deceived; he makes
war on the frontier inhabitants and murders
women and children constantly. The officers
of the Army complain that it is the non-com-
pliance of the Indian agents with their con-
tracts that is making all the trouble, and they
should bear the responsibility. They are con-
stantly working at cross purposes, and the
result is 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nevada will suspend his remarks to
enable the Chair to receive a message from the
House of Representatives.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOl'SK.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
