948
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GT.OBE.
February 1,
chair. There was no confusion, no disorder,
fio disorganization then introduced except by
the act of the Clerk himself, and he was acting
in strict conformity to the line of conduct which
he is empowered to adopt by this bill.
When the Convention that framed the Con-
stitution roetj when the First Congress elected
under it assembled, when any deliberative as-
sembly or convention is organized, what is the
process?' The mass of the members are reg-
ularly elected, they have the returns of their
own election, and their election is not contro-
verted. If there be any members claiming
Seats in the particular body whose right to seats
is contested, those whose rights are not con-
tested undertake the inquiry and determine who
are authorized to sit in the body as members.
That is the principle and the rule adopted by
the Constitution in relation both to the Senate
and the House of Representatives. When the
first House of Representatives got together
under the Constitution, if any of its members,
or men claiming to be members of it, liad had
their seats controverted, those whose seats were
not contested would have got together and
would have decided the question whether those
■whose seats were contested were entitled to
membership or not.
The honorable Senator from Illinois has not
pretended to answer any objection that I have
made; at least he has not answered any that I
have taken to this bill, as I understand. " The
House of Representatives shall choose their
Speaker and other officers," says the Consti-
tution. Is not the Clerk of a former House of
Representatives, on the organization of a suc-
ceeding one, who is empowered by this act to
perform the office which he is required to per-
form under it, an officer of the House that is to
be then organized? I ask the honorable Senator
from Illinois to answer me that question. On
the 4th of March, the House of Representatives
of a new Congress is to be organized. How is it
to be organized? The Clerk of the present.
House is required to mak® out a list of the
members who are elected according to the laws
of Congress land of their respective States, by
his own judgment and discretion. He may
exclude whom he pleases, he may admit whom
he pleases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all. The law
says he shall put on the name of every man
that is regularly returned. That is the present
law.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand the law. This
bill ia that he shall put on the roll the names
of members "whose credentials show that they
were regularly elected in accordance with the
laws of their States respectively, or the laws
of the United States." Suppose it becomes a
question upon the credentials of any one of the'
Representatives, whether he has been elected
in accordance with the laws of his State or the
laws of the United States? Is not the decision
of that question a quasi judicial one? Is it
not a legal question ? Who is to decide that
question? Who but this Clerk? And in de-
ciding the question, does not the Clerk act tfs
an officer, and the most potential officer of the
new House of Representatives?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Kentucky allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How would he have it
decided? There is no House; there is nobody
to vote upon it. Is a crowd to come in from
the street? The Senator says he was present
in 1839; let me ask him does he want that
scene reenacted ?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir, and for that reason I
do not want a law passed authorizing a Clerk
to do what a Clerk then did by usage and suf-
ferance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Who can do it?
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator asks
me how the different Houses shall be organ-
ized. I answer, just as they were organized
from 1789 up to three years ago. He asks me
if I would be willing to allow a crowd to come
in from the street and to usurp or interfere
with the organization of the House. Certainly
not, and there is no danger of such a disorder
as that. Nothing of the kind ever has oc-
curred, and it never will occur. It is the sim-
plest matter in the world to organize a new
House of Representatives. They are to be
organized as they had been from the begin-
ning'of the Government up to 1863. The per-
sons elected convene in the capital; and at
the opening of thfe session they go into the
Representatives' Hall. They bring their re-
turns in their pockets, made out according to
the forms and requisitions of law. It is known
before hand, and well and distinctly known,
who have been elected and who have not been
elected, whose seats are contested and whose
seats are not to be contested. The great mass
of the members being elected according to law,
and there being no objection whatever to their
right to take their seats, they get together and
they organize by appointing a temporary chair-
man. The Clerk heretofore has acted some-
what in that capacity, but they may appoint
anybody they please.
But here is the question which I propound
to the Senator from Illinois: is the Clerk of
the former House of Representatives, who is
required by this bill to act apart in the organi-
zation of the new Honse of Representatives,
an officer of that new House? He is an offi-
cer, and he is a most potential officer of the
body; more so than the Clerk or the Sergeant-
at-Arms, or any other officer of that body that
they may subsequently elect. He exercises
the function of deciding what is and what is
not the proper constituent materiel of the
House: he admits whom he pleases, and ex-
cludes whom he pleases. He is made by the
law specially and particularly the judge of the
returns of the members of the House; and he
is made that judge according to the laws of
Congress and of the States. This is plainly
a judicial function, a quasi judicial power, a
power of the utmost importance in the organi-
zation of the House. Congress is now pro-
ceeding by law to name for the next House of
Representatives this important officer, who is
to perform this great function.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the Senator
whether that is not a mere matter of adminis-
tration and not judicial at all?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir. I ask the honorable
Senator from California if to judge of the
returns of a Representative according to the
laws of the State and of the United States is
not a quasi judicial act?
Mr. McDOUGALL. There are a few acts
that are called quasi judicial, and those acts are
never judicial finally, but only admitted to be
quasi judicial because there is no other term
that exactly defines them. No judgment vests
in the Clerk; he is merely to take the returns
and make a record, and when the record is
made it is presented to the body.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, suppose the
act be not judicial or quasi judicial, suppose it
be simply ministerial, is it not the act of a
ministerial officer of the House? That does
not obviate the objection ; it only changes the
form of it. Congress has no more power to
pass a law establishing a ministerial officer for
the House of Representatives than it has to
pass a law establishing a judicial officer or a
quasi judicial officer for that House.
The exception I take is that you undertake
by act of Congress to appoint an officer for the
House in the important matter of the organiza-
tion of that House when the Constitution de-
clares that all officers of the House, whether
for that or any other function or purpose,
shall be chosen by the House itself.
Another objection which I take is  
Mr. POLAND. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Kentucky give way to the Sen-
ator from Vermont?
Mr. POLAND. I do not desire t8 say any-
thing in reference to this matter, but I wish to
interpose at this time a call for the regular
order of the day. If it is deemed advisable to
go on and complete the bill now under consid-
eration I shall not object to that, for my expe-
rience has been that it is generally better to
finish a job while you are. about it; but the
bankrupt bill is the special order of the day.
I am willing that it should be laid, aside inform-
ally to allow the bill under -discussion to be
completed. I shall not object to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. All I wish is to go on
with the bill under consideration. I think there
will be no objection to that course.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not have the pleasure
of hearing a single word that was uttered by
the honorable Senator from Vermont. I will
proceed with my remarks.
I read another provision of the Constitution,
that each House inay determine the rules of
its proceedings. One House cannot determine
the rules of proceeding for a subsequent House;
no more can Congress do it by the passage of
a law. This is a right, individual, exclusive,
belonging to each successive House, to bo
exercised for itself and by itself, without any
control either of former Houses or of laws
passed by Congress.
Here, sir, is an act reported to regulate in
part the manner of the organization of the
House, to regulate in part the proceedings of
the House of Representatives upon its organ-
ization. I think it is not competent for Con-
gress to pass such a law, because the whole
matter of determining the rules of proceeding
by each. House on its organization for the
direction and management of its business de-
volves upon that House, and Congress has no
right to pass laws encroaching upon the power
of the House over such a subject.
But, sir, the other is the great and mo-
mentous objection which I make to this bill,
that it appoints the Clerk of the former House
as the officer of each succeeding House upon
its organization to pass upon the returns of
the members of the House. This is a power,
in my judgment, which Congress cannot legit-
imately and constitutionally exercise. I be-
lieve that if this bill be passed it will have no
binding effect whatever upon any House ; they
would have the right utterly to disregard it and
to go on and elect their own officers, either to
make out a roll of members or to do any
other function in the organization and the
proceedings of the House, and themselves to
determine what persons claiming seats were
properly elected or had the proper returns
and what had not, and also to determine
for themselves whether the returns of all the
members or any of the members were accord-
ing to the laws of Congress and of the States
whence the members came.
All this would devolve upon each House
when it met, and the Senator from Illinois by
his measure—although it originates in the
House, and although it has the evil sanction
of a precedent passed in the year 1868—can-
not, in my opinion, properly withdraw tho
performance and exercise of this power of
both Houses from the two Houses individ-
ually and assume it by the passage of a law by
Congress.
The Secretary proeceded to call the roll on
the passage of the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, (when Ms name was called.)
I concurred in the report of the chairman of the
committee in favor of this bill; first, because I
had no doubt of the right of Congress to pass
it; and second, because I thought it was a sub-
ject that should be provided for by legislation.
I vote "yea."
The result was announced—yeas 31, nays C;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Conness, Cragin,
Edmunds, Fessenden, Fogs, Foster, B'owler, Grimes,
Harris, Henderson, Howe, Jolmson, Kirluvood, Lane,
Morgan, Morrill, Norton, Poland, Ramsey, Ross.
Sherman, Spraguo, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Hendricks, Nes-
mith, Patterson, and Salisbury—6.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cowan, Cres-
well, Dixon, DooIittle,I"relinghuysen, Guthrie, How-
ard, McDougall, Nyo, Pomoroy, Rid41e, Wade, aaid
Willey—15.
So the bill was passed.
