1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1625
that the House of Representatives had receded
from its disagreement to the amendment of the
Senate to the bill of the House ill. R. No. 1143)
to provide for tlie more etlicient government
of the insurrectionary States, and agreed to the
same with amendments, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the enrolled bill (H. R. No. 350) fixing
the compensation for the bailiffs and criers of
the courts of the District of Columbia ; and
the enrolled joint resolution (H. R. No. 261)
for the relief of Stephen E. Jones ; and they
were thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore of the Senate.
government of southern states.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
postpone the pending and all prior orders and
proceed to the consideration of the bill that
nas just been received from the House.
The motion was agreed to : and the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the amendment
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1143) to
provide for the more etlicient government of
the insurrectionary States.
The action of the House of Representatives
was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the House recede from their disa-
freement to the amendment of the Senate to the
HI of the House No. 1143, to provide for the more
efficient government of the insurrectionary States,
and concur in the same, with the following amend-
ments:
At the end of section five of the Senate amendment,
insert:
Provided, That no person excluded from the priv-
ilege of holding office by saidpropo=ed amendment
to the Constitution of the United States shall be
eligible to election as a member of a convention to
frame a constitution for any of said rebel States; nor
shall any such person vote for members of such con-
vention.
Add the following as an additional section:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That until the
people of said rebel States shall be by law admitted
to representation in the Congress of the United States
any civil governments which may exist therein shall
be deemed provisional only, and in all respects sub-
ject to the paramount authority of the United States
at any time to abolish, modify, control, or supersede
the same. And in all elections to any office under
such provisional governments all persons shall be
entitled to vote, and none others, who are entitled to
vote under the provisions of the fifth section of this
act; and no person shall be eligible to any office
under any such provisional government who would
be disqualified from holding office under the provis-
ions of the third article of said constitutional amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What order
will the Senate take on this action of the House
of Representatives?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendments of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. The first clause of the
addition to the fifth section is a proper one, I
think. It simply applies the constitutional
amendment in fixing the qualifications of del-
egates to a convention. I think there is no
great objection to that. I do not think it wise
to prevent the persons excepted from voting
at the election; but it is a small matter, and
I am not disposed to stand upon a difference
in regard to it. The recital in the last section
is merely a repetition of what is contained in
the preamble, and therefore certainly no one
of those who voted for the preamble can object
to it. It simply declares that the existing State
governments in the rebel States are provisional.
That is precisely the theory upon which the
preamble is founded. I therefore certainly
shall not object to the amendment on that
ground. The only material objection I would
have would be to that clause which disfran-
chises ten or fifteen thousand leading rebels
from voting at the elections; but for one I am
perfectly willing to agree to the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. Only at one election.
Mr. SHERMAN. It does not prevent them
from voting on the ratification of the constitu-
tion. I shall therefore vote for the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I differ from the Senator
from Ohio when he characterizes that as a
small matter. It is a great matter.
I should not say another word on this bill
but for the singular speech of the Senator from
Ohio yesterday. He made what I may call an
assault on mo, because I required in this very
bill the amendments which the House have
now made; and yet he is going to support
them. Very well; I am glad that the Senator
from Ohio has seen light; but I hope that he
will revise his speech of yesterday. The Sen-
ator shakes his head. What did I ask for ?
What did I criticise in this bill?^ It was that
it provided no safeguards against the rebels. I
did not say how many rebels I would exclude.
I only said you must exclude some of them,
more or less. You do not exclude any. That
is what I said yesterday, and I brought down
upon me the cataract of speech which we all
enjoyed from the Senator from Ohio, who
protested with all the ardor of his nature, and
he invoked the State of Ohio behind him to
oppose the proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts. And now, if I understand the
Senator from Ohio, he is ready to place him-
self side by side with the Senator from Massa-
chusetts in support of that amendment which
has come from the House. I am glad that the
Senator is so disposed. I am glad that he sees
light. " Live and learn!" To-morrow I hope
to be able to welcome the Senator to some
other height.
Mr. COWAN. Excelsior!
Mr. SUMNER. " Excelsior!" asmy friend
from Pennsylvania says, and I hope it may be
applicable to him also. [Laughter.] But there
was another remark which the Senator from
Ohio founded upon that which struck me with
astonishment. He complained that I was de-
manding these safeguards now, and said that
I had already in the bill all that I had ever
demanded before. He said that there was
secured in the bill universal suffrage without
any distinction of race or color ; and said he,
"the Senator from Massachusetts has never
asked anything but that." Now, I can well
pardon the Senator for his ignorance with
regard to what I may have said or asked on
former occasions. Of course I cannot expect
him to be familiar with it; and yet, when he
openly arraigns me with the impetuosity that
he showed yesterday, perhaps I shall be justi-
fied in showing him now completely he was
mistaken. I have in my hand a speech made
before the Republican State Convention at W or-
cester, Massachusetts, September 14, 1865—
some time ago, the Senator from Ohio will
remark—which was entitled "The National
Security and the National Faith; Guarantees
for the National Freedman and the National
Creditor." In that speech I insisted upon what
I called at the time "irreversible guarantees"
to secure peace and tranquillity in our coun-
try. And I went on to say how I would obtain
those guarantees. The guarantees that I"asked
were: first, for the unity of the Republic;
second, for enfranchisement or equality of
rights j third, for the security of the national
debt; fourth, a guarantee against the assump-
tion of the rebel debt; fifth, impartial suf-
frage ; sixth, security for the education of the
people. These were the six guarantees that I
proposed as long ago as the 14th of September,
1865. And how did I proposeto obtain them ?
I will not go into details. There was one way
in whioh 1 proposed to obtain them, to which
I call attention by way of meeting the chal-
lenge of the Senator from Ohio. I on that
occasion said:
" Wemust follow Congress in the present exclusion
of all rebels from political power. They must not
be voted for, and they must not vote. On this prin-
ciple I take my stand. Let them buy and sell; let
them till the ground; and may they be industrious and
successful. These things they may do; but they urast
not be admitted at onco into the copartnership of
our Government. As well might tho respectable Mr.
Ketchum reinstate his son at once in the nrtn which
he hag betrayed, ami invest him again with all toe
powers of a copartner. The father received his son
with parental affection, and forgave him; but he did
not invite the criminal to resume his former desk in
Wall street. And yet Edward Ketehmo, who naa
robbed and forged on an unprecedented scale, is as
worthy of trust in the old banking-house as one
of our rebels in the government of the oonntry. A
long probation will be needed before cither can be
admitted to his former fellowship. The state of
outlawry is tho present condition of oach, and this
condition must not bo hastily relaxed.
"Congress has alroady set the example by exclud-
ing from "any office of honor or profit under tho
Government of the United States," and also by ex-
cluding as counselor-at-law, from any court of the
United States, every person who has given 'aid or
countenance' to tho rebellion, or who has 'sought or
accepted any office whatever' under it, or who has
yielded to it any 'voluntary support.' By this act
(July 2,1802.) aad the supplementary act, all rebels
are debarred from holding office under the United
States, or from practicing m tho courts of the United
States. This exclusion, thus sanctioned by Congress,
must be the pole-star of our national policy."
I referred to the test oaths required:
" If rebels cannot bo officers under ourGovernment
they ought not to be voters. They should be polit-
ically disfranchised, purely and simply as a measuro
of necessary precaution, and in order to prepare the
way for those guarantees whioh wo seek."
Mark the limitation:
'"Vipers cannot use their venom in tho cold.'
These are words of political wisdom as well as of
scientific truth; and a great Italian writer did not
hositate to inculcate from them the same lesson that
I do now.
"Surely recent rebels, who led in secession, and
held office under the rebellion, are poor professors
to rally these communities to the support of tho
national freedmcn and tho national creditors, and
generally to tho establishment of those guarantees
which aro essential to safety. Reason and experi-
ence warn us to postpone our trust in any such per-
sons. Overcome in battle, they wrap themselves in
a mantle of loyalty, tied by an oath—
"1 As they who, to be sure of Paradise,
Dying, put on the woeds of Dominic,
Or in Franciscan think to pass disguised.'
" But character is not changed in a day: • and
that 'southern heart,' whicK" was ' fired' against the
Union, still preserves its vindictive violence. Even
if for a moment controlled, who can toll how long it
will continue in this mood ? There is an exquisite
Mile of Fontaine, where' a cat was transformed
into a beautiful woman; but on the night of her mar-
riage, hearing the sound of a mouse on tho floor, she
sprang from bed with all her original fclmo nature;
and so a rebel, transformed by political necromancy
into a loyalist, will Suddenly start in full ory to run
down a national freedman or a national creditor. So
strong is nature. Horace tells us 'Drrtt it out with
a pitchfork, and it will return.' Therefore, I insist,
do not put political trust in that man who has been
engaged in warring upon his country. I do not ask
his punishment. I would not be harsh. There is
nothing humane which I would reject. Nothing in
hate. Nothing in vengeance. Nothing in passion.
I am for gentleness. I am for a velvet glove; but I
wish tho hand for awhile of iron. Iconfossthatlhuvo
little sympathy withthosehypocrites of magnanimity
whose appeal for therebel masterisonly a barbarous
indifference toward the slave; and yet they cannot
desire more than I do the day of reconciliation. To
this end I am with them so far as is consistent with
safety; but I cannot see my country sacrificed to a
false idea. Pardon if you will. Nobody shall outdo
mo in clemency. But donottrust the rebel politically.
The words ofShakspeare do not picture too strongly
tho danger of any suah attempt:
"' Thou mifjht'st hold a serpent by the tongue,
A cased lion by the mortal paw,
A fasting tiger safer by the tooth,
Than keep in peace that hand which thou dost
hold.'"
Sir, that was the position I occupied as long
ago as September 14, 1865. And yet I was
told yesterday by the Senator from Ohio that I
was asking something new when I simply pro-
posed to insert in this pending measure some
additional safeguards against the return of
rebels to power. That was all that I asked.
Thank God the other House has given us these
safeguards! The House of Representatives has
placed this country under everlasting obliga-
tions in doing what it has done to lay the found-
ations of permanent peace. Those foundations
can only be laid on a loyal basis. Two Presi-
dents—one always to be named with veneration,
another to be named always most reluctantly—
have united in that same sentiment. Abraham
Lincoln insisted that the new governments
should be founded on loyalty; that if there
were' only five thousand loyal persons in a
State tbey were entitled to hold the power.
His successor adopted the same principle when
in different language be compendiously said
"For the rebels back seats." All that we
require could not be expressed better, "For
the rebels back seats" until this great work of
reconstruction is achieved.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I always
listen with pleasure to the studied rhetoric of
my friend from Massachusetts. And although
the eloquent passage he has read to us was
