1866.
mm- COFGESSSIOML GLOBE.
of Independence, it ought to contain a provis-
ion allowing all persons, without distinction, of
color, to exercise the right of voting; and the
honorable Senator from Missouri has presented
to us an amendment which is based Upon that
idea. With great respect -for the opinions of
my learned friend from Massachusetts and for
those of my friend from fiissouri, I must be
allowed to take issue with them. I assert that
there is nothing in the Declaration of Inde-
pendence or in the principles of that Declara-
tion which; when properly understood, require
any State or any Territory to permit all per-
sons without distinction of color to vote. There
is not in that Declaration one word upon that
subject nor any intimation that such_ is the
proper construction of any of its provisions or
any of its language. It is said that the Declar-
ation declares1 that'' all men are created equal,''
and hence it is sought to draw the inference
that- if one man of a white complexion is per-
mitted to vote, it is equally the right of the
colored man to do the same thing, because he,
like the white man, has been created by our
common Creator and is the equal of the white
man in respect to rights.
I deny the correctness of the inference. I
deny that the right to vote is one of those rights
referred to by Mr. Jefferson, who penned the
Declaration. The elective franchise is a priv-
ilege granted by the community to such of its
members as a majority-shall see fit. It is not
one of the rights given us by nature. It is not
the same as the right to breathe the air, with-
out which we must instantly perish. It is not
-the same as the right to -drink the water that
falls from the sky, or that runs down the limpid
stream, without which we should also perish.
It is hot in any sense, according to my judg-
ment, a natural, inalienable right. It is not the
right of liberty even; not one of those inalien-
able rights referred to in the Declaration, con-
ferred upon all men in virtue of their creation,
but a conventional right, to be granted or with-
held as society may deem best; one which has
always been treated as such; one which can-
not and does not exist without law, without a
law founded on the will of the people in a re-
publican government; that is, of the majority
of the people; for the will of the majority of
the people is the very foundation, the essence
of republican government.
The people of Nebraska have not seen fit to
incorporate in their constitution a provision
allowing colored persons to vote ; and I do not
think, for the reasons I have given, that they
have in this respect violated this condition pre-
scribed in the enabling act. They have done
exactly what other Territories have done thus
far. There is no case in which, when passing
from a territorial condition into that of a State,
the people of a Territory have incorporated in
their constitution a provision granting to col-
ored people or Indians the right to vote. So
far as respects our previous history and our
previous legislation this principle is a com-
plete anomaly, and I for one do not feel that
we ought at this critical moment, when public
interests of the greatest magnitude are pressing
upon us, to delay the admission of these two
Territoi'ies into the Union as States on account
of any such abstraction as here stares us in
the face.
These Territories have fairly and substan-
tially complied with all the conditions imposed
upon them. We have not imposed upon them
the condition which is now insisted upon. We
have omitted it; we have waived it by the
enabling act and bj^ the passage of the bills
during the last session; and it strikes me as
being a departure from that uberrima fides
which should govern the action of Congress in
its relations with the Territories of the United
States and their people now to insist upon this
new cond'tion. We are bound, as I have said,
by good faith, by the legislation which we have
passed, upon the compliance of these people
with the terms we have prescribed, to permit
them to enter the Union.
The Senator from Missouri has resorted to a
principle in his amendment which to my mind
is rather a dangerous one. He makes the
admission of tKe colored man to the electi ve
franchise a fundamental condition to the admis-
sion of the Territory of Nebraska as a State,
and irrevocable. There is no mistaking the
language of his amendment. It
"That this act shall not take effeot except upon
the fundamental condition that within the State ef
Nebraska there shall be no denial of the eleotiro
franchise or of any other right to any person by
reason of race or color, and upon the further con-
dition that this fundamental condition shall be sub-
mitted to the voters of the Territory at an election
to be held on the. 1st day of next."
I shall not deny that under the clause of
the' Constitution which authorizes Congress to
admit new States, it is competent for them to
prescribe conditions for their admission. The
power is given to us in the broadest terms.
We may admit upon condition, or we may admit
absolutely without condition. I can entertain
no doubt about the power to prescribe condi-
tions for the admission of a new State; but it
must be understood at the same time that the
only conditions which it is possible in the nature
of things for Congress to prescribe are condi-
tions-precedent, to be performed not after the
people have become a State of the Union but
before they have become such. Thsy are mere
obstacles thrown in the way of the enjoyment
of the full and complete rights of the State.
The thing which Congress is authorized to
do, the great object to be attained, is single
and indivisible, and that is the admission of
the State -into the Union. It cannot escape
the attention of the Senator from Missouri or
the Senator from Massachusetts, that after the
compliance of the people of a Territory with
a condition-precedent, such as this present
amendment is in legal effect, it is entirely
competent for the people _of the State, after
they have become such, to annul and set aside
this condition or rather the thing which has
been accomplished by the performance of the
condition-precedent. In other words, no one
will deny that after the Territory has come
into the Union and been vested with all the
powers, privileges, and franchises belonging
to a State of the Union under the Constitution,
it is entirely competent for the people of that
State to undo what they did as the people of
the Territory; and in the present instance, if
they saw fit to do so—I have no apprehension
that they would—it would be perfectly compe-
tent I say for them to call together a conven-
tion and declare that none but white persons
shall be allowed to exercise the elective fran-
chise. The people of Nebraska in twenty-
four hours after they shall have been admitted
under this constitution, with this amendment
attached to it, might assemble in convention
and repeal that clause of their constitution
which gave to the colored man the right to
vote. Can anybody doubt it? The right to
regulate the franchise is a political right which
has ever belonged to the States as corporations.
It is indubitably one of the reserved rights of
the States, and thus far Congress has not
attempted to interfere with it. Every State,
from the old thirteen inclusive down to the
last new State admitted into the Union, has
ever exercised this right, and there are now
not less than ten free States of this Union
whose constitutions orlaws exclude the colored
man from the exercise of the precious privi-
lege. I refer to this fact, not in justification
of the exclusion of colored men from this
great right, but as a fact showing what has
been up to this moment, undoubtedly and in-
disputably, one of the reserved rights of the
States.
Well, sir, is the State of Michigan less re-
spectable at this day than she would have been
if her constitution had not contained just such
a restrictive clause as this ? Is Ohio less so ?
Is Pennsylvania, New .Terse}', Indiana, Illinois,
Wisconsin, Minnesota, and all the other States
whose constitutions contain this restrictive
clause, to incur the interference of Congress
an.d the denunciation of those respected Sen-
ators ? The right to regulate the franchise is
with the States. I hope to live to see the day—
andl expect to reach that age, and then not-be
a very old gentleman—when every State in this
Union by its own free consent will allow the
same privilege of voting to the black man as
is now enjoyed by the white man. I think it
will be a great step forward ; and in reference
to the state of things in the rebel States, I con-
fess I see no other permanent arid effectual
remedy for the disorders of the times brought
about by the "rebellion. I think we shall never
have complete peace and quietude until this
great end is attained. At the same time, after
the most mature consideration of the subject
which I have been able to bestow, I have
shrunk, as did the joint committee of fifteen
during the last session, from attempting to in-
corporate into the amendment of the Consti-
tution of the United States a clause giving this
right in terms to the colored man.
Mr. BROWN. Will the Senator allow me
to ask a question ?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to ask the'Senator,
for the purpose of getting at his opinion, be-
cause I wish to deal fairly in this discussion,
whether in affirming that the- States have an
exclusive control over the whole question of
the right of franchise, I understand him to
take the position that if any State in the
Union, by its- limitation upon the franchise,
shall destroy the republican form of the Gov-
ernment, the United States have not got the
right to interpose and guarantee and protect
that republican form to that State.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, sir, "sufficient nnto
the day is the evil thereof.When such a
state of^hings shall present itself for our Con-
sideration it will be quite time, in my judg-
ment, to act upon it. . •
Mr. BROWN. I do not think that is a fair
answer to the question. The Senator is pro-
fessing to discuss a constitutional question, a
constitutional power, and here is an illustra-
tion under one of those constitutional clauses
which gives to the Government of the United
States'a protectorate over the States in certain
instances. He claims that the States have the
right to govern this whole question of suffrage.
Now, I ask him*if the States in controlling suf-
frage impair the republican form of the Gov-
ernment, has not the United States got a con-
stitutional power to come in and interpose ?
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the Con-
stitution of the United States declares that
Congress shall guaranty to every State in this
Union a republican form of government. That
is the power, I suppose, to which the Senator
from Missouri alludes. When it shall be made
manifest to me as a member of this body that
there is in any State in this Union a form of
government which is not republican, I shall be
ready to apply the remedy which is guarantied
by that instrument; but I must at the same
time say to the Senator from Missouri that I
do not believe that that clause of the Constitu-
tion authorizes Congress to pass a lavv, in refer-
ence to any State in this Union giving to the
black people or any other class of people of
that State the right to vote. In other words,
I do not hold that the exclusion of the black
race from the right of voting is such a depart-
ure from the principles or forms of a repub-
lican government as woul&authorize Congress
to interfere. Sir, the whole history of the
Government from the time of its formation
down to the present moment is a standing,
unmistakable contradiction of this assumption
of the gentleman from Missouri. That is all
the reply which at the present time I have to
make to the query of the honorable Senator._
I hold that this constitution of Nebraska is
republican in form, that it embodies repub-
lican principles, and that in this respect it is
a complete compliance with the enabling act
of 1864.
In the course of the debate upon the present
bill a remark fell from the Ssnator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] upon a collateral subject and
a subject of very great importance. 1 under-
stood that honorable Senator to declare that
Congress at the last session "proposed" to
