1867.
THfe CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 543, to abolish and forever prohibit
the system of peonage in the Territory of New
Mexico and other parts of the United States.
I think that it will take but a moment to pass
the bill.
Mr. POLAND. If it be true that that bill
is going to take but a moment or a few mo-
ments, as the Senator from Massachusetts sup-
poses, I have no objection to its being taken
up and the bankrupt bill being laid aside in-
formally for that purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bank-
rupt bill is not now before the Senate.
Mr. POLAND. Some ten days ago the
bankrupt bill,was before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was
before the Senate and was made a special
order, and it is now on the Calendar as a spe-
cial order. The time lor which it was assigned
has passed, so that it does not now come up,
of course, and any other motion is in order.
That bill will only come up when there is no
other business before the Senate, and then it
will have priority on the Calendar.
Mr. POLAND. My recollection in relation
to the condition of it is different from that
stated by the Chair. The bankrupt bill was
■taken up for consideration on a Saturday, and
the consideration of the bill was continued
until the adjournment on that Saturday. On
the succeeding Monday morning it was laid
aside informally for the purpose of taking up
the tariff bill, and was not ns vie a special order
at all, according to my recollection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I really hope the bank-
rupt bill will be taken up. I recollect the cir-
cumstances under which it was laid aside which,
I feel bound to state, were as the Senator from
Vermont has detailed them, though I do not
know whether by the rules of the Senate it now
retains its place or not; that is a question for
the President to decide. I only say that I
think, in fairness to the Senator from Vermont,
it ought now to resume its place and be taken
up. As we have finished the matter which
displaced it and which has been before the
Senate for so long a time, I hope the Senate
will consent to take up the bankrupt bill and
act upon it. I think that is due to the Senator
from Vermont from the circumstances under
which he was obliged to consent to its post-
ponement.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
before the Senate is the motion of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON. 1 concur with the Senator
from Maine in regard to the bankrupt bill, and
I do not wish to be in the way of it; but the
bill which I have moved to take up is a very
brief bill, that can be passed in a few minutes.
If, however, it should lead to debate and the
consumption of time I shall be willing to give
way.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have a small bill, a
Hoitse bill, that I do not think will occupy
much time, which I desire to call up this morn-
ing'. I gave notice some time ago that I
would antagonize it against any other measure
except an appropriation bill. The bill to which
I allude is a bill to provide for the building of
a ship-canal around the Falls of Niagara, a
measure in which every" man East and West
has an interest. I hope the Senate will con-
sent to take it up and pass it. It was discussed
at great length during last session, and I pre-
sume that every Senator who deshes to speak
upon it has given his views. If the Senate
will consent to take it up and let me have a
vote on it I will submit it without discussion.
I think every member has made up his mind
precisely how he will vote on that bill, and I
therefore ask the Senate to take it up this morn-
ing and put it on its passage ; and if it be in
order to make such a motion now I move that
it be taken up ["No; no."]
Mr. WILSON. As the Senator from-Ver-
mont seems to be pressing his bill, and nobody
else wants to give way, I am very willing to
do so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts .withdraw his mo-
tion ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. POLAND. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 598.
Mr. CHANDLER. I dislike exceedingly to
antagonize the measure of which I have spoken
with any other. I am in favor of the Sena-
tor's bankrupt bill, and shall vote for it, but
really we all know that it will lead to a long
discussion._ I hope the ship-canal bill will not.
Of course it is in the power of the Senate to
settle the order of its business; but I give no-
tice that if the bankrupt bill is not taken up I
shall ask the Senate to take up House bill No.
344. Indeed, if it is in order, I will now sub-
mit the motion that the Senate lay aside the
present and all prior orders and proceed to the
consideration of House bill No. 344.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
another motion pending, the motion of the
Senator from Vermont.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senate will
vote to take up the bankrupt bill. I have been
watching for several days for an opportunity to
get a quarter of an hour, but have not been
able to obtain it. I rise now only to object to
this system of trying to establish a lien, by
common consent of the House, for other busi-
ness after this bill shall have been disposed of.
I have been inclined to take up the bill re-
ferred to by the Senator from Michigan, but
if he undertakes in this manner to saddle it
upon the Senate I shall vote against his mo-
tion when the time comes.
Mr. LANE. I think I am rather disinter-
ested about this controversy ; I am opposed to
both bills, but I believe there is less danger in
the ship-canal than the bankrupt bill, .and I
shall vote to take up the former in preference
to the latter, though I am opposed to both.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont.
The motion was agreed to.
THE BANKRUPT BIMj.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
accordingly resumed the consideration of the
bill (II. R. N"o. 598) to establish a uniform sys-
tem of bankruptcy throughout the United States,
the pending question being on the amendment
proposed by the Committee on the Judiciary,
to strike out the following words in section
fourteen, from line twenty-seven to line thirty-
three :
And such other property not included in the fore-
going exceptions as is exempted from levy and sale
upon execution by the laws of the State in which the
bankrupt has his domicile at the time of the com-
mencement of the proceedings in bankruptcy, to an
a,mount not exceeding that allowed by such State
exemption laws in force in the year 18G4.
So as to make the proviso read :
Provided, however. That there shall be excepted
from the operation of the provisions of this section
the necessary household and kitchen furniture, and
such other articles and necessaries of sueh bankrupt
as the said assignee shall designate and set apart,
having reference in the amount to the family, condi-
tion, and circumstances of the bankrupt.but altogether
riot to exceed in value, in any ease, the sum of$5Q0;
and also the wearing apparel of sueh bankrupt, and
that ot his wife and children, and the uniform, arms,
and equipments of any person who is or has been a
soldier m the militia or in the service of the United
States; and such other property as now is, or here-
after shall be, exempted from attachment or seizure
or levy on execution by the laws of the United States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope those words will
not be stricken out. It is well known that
these exemption laws exist in the several States
and contracts have always been made in refer-
ence to them; in fact the laws of the Stales
affording these exemptions are part and parcel
of the very contract when the credit is ex-
tended. The understanding is when the credit
is given that the creditor has a right to reach
into the property that is exempt. It is part
and parcel of the contract when it is made,
and therefore I hope that this clause will not
be stricken out.
On this subjcct of the bankrupt law, without
going into a formal speech on the question, I
have to say that I am very decidedly in ,favor
of the passage of a general bankrupt law. The
circumstances in which the country is now
placed, owing to the terrible eonvnlsion through
which we have passed, are such, and the change
of the currency from year to year-has be^n so
great, so violent, that the word "dollar," in
which all contracts are made and in which they
must be enforced, has been continually chang-
ing in its meaning; it has been an unknown
quantity which in mathematics would be rep-
resented by x or,y. It has not been, anything
certain, and therefore it is utterly unjust to
endeavor to enforce literally contracts which
have been made in these times of convulsion.
This is true of all the northern States. It is
true also of the States of the South. .Hun-
dreds and thousands of contracts even have
been made at the South by which men were
required to pay a given number of dollars;
those contracts were made perhaps when con-
federate currency was the only mon^y of the
South. This bankrupt law coming after all
these convulsions will, in my judgment, do
very much toward bringing peace .to the
country.
We know that in that system of government
which was established, we may say, under Di-
vine inspiration, it was a settled maxim that
every seven years was to be a year of jubilee,
when debts were to be settled and canceled,
men were to be released from their bondage,
and every seventh jubilee the whole real estate
of the Jewish State came under the operation
of this general jubilee, by which the descend-
ants were once more permitted to reenter into
the possessions and enjoy the lands of their
ancestors.
Mr. President, I have no desire ,to .occupy
the time of the Senate. What I desire is that
we come to a vote. I think it would be unwise
for us to undertake, under our general bank-
rupt law, to wipe out of oxistenee all the ex-
emption laws which have been established by
the various States, laws which were in exist-
ence, well known to parties, in view of which
th e contracts were made which are to be settled
and disposed of by the operation of the law
itself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it might
be very unwise, as the Senator from Wisconsin
says, for us to undertake to wipe out the .various
exemption laws of the different States; but the
Senator from Wisconsin must be aware that
the Constitution of the United States'declares
in so many words that Congress shall have
power to '' establish uniform laws on the subject
of bankruptcy throughout the United States."
Now, I wish to submit to the Senator from
Wisconsin, if this bill read in this wise: " There
shall be exempted from the operations of this
act in the State of Illinois a homestead worth
$1,000 to each bankrupt; in the State of Wis-
consin a homestead worth $200; in the State
of Connecticut fifty dollars' worth of personal
property," and so on, incorporating expressly
the terms of the exemption laws of the various
States, scarcely any two of which are alike,
does he believe that we have authority, to pass
such a law .as that under the Constitution
which gives us power to pass a bankrupt law
which shall be uniform throughout the United
States? Would that be a uniform law which
declared that $1,000 worth of property should
be exempted from the operations of the law in
Illinois'and only $100 worth in Wisconsin?
Have we any authority to pass such a law ? By
the committee on the Judiciary, who considered
this question, it was thought otherwise. They
considered that there was no such authority.
That was the trouble. This is the report of
the committee, and the question is on agreeing
to the amendment moved by the Committee _oa
the Judiciary. That committee were of opin-
ion—and I wish to submit the point to the
lawyers of this body—that Congress clearly
had no authority to pass such a law exempting
one species of property from the operations of
the bankrupt act in one State and another and
different species of property and a different
amount in another and a different State; aud
