950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLSBE.
February 1,
hence the committee reported this amendment
to strike out this clause, and the question now
before the Senate is on agreeing to this amend-
ment recommended by the Committee on the
Judiciary. It may he desirable not to interfere
with the existing exemption laws of the various
States, and on that question I shall not enter
into a discussion with the Senator from Wis-
consin. He tells us that contracts have been
made in reference to those laws; but is that
an answer to this insurmountable difficulty, in
the opinion of the Judiciary Committee, to the
enactment of the law in this form ?
Mr. DOOLITTLB. If my friend will allow
me on that point to state to him briefly my
answer to him, I will do so.
. Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My opinion is that
wherever the law of a State has allowed a per-
son to set apart a given amount of property,
personal or real, which is set apart for the
benefit of the family as a homestead, there are
other parties, besides the man himself who
have an interest in that property. It belongs
to the family, to the wife, to the children of
the family, and the law gives it as a special
property set apart for the benefit, not of this
particular man, but for the independence and
the support of the family, to preveutthe family
from becoming- so impoverished as to come
upon the town. For this reason the laws of
the several States controlling that subject au-
thorize this property to be set apart in trust
for the family, and they further authorize it to
be held by the family independent of the debts
which may be incurred by the head of the fam-
ily. That property being thus set apart be-
comes a sacred trust fund not liable to be
reached by the creditors, and each State judges
for itself to what extent this trust fund shall
be set apart, and that independent of the judg-
ment of creditors. And when the law of Con-
gress simply says that the property which is
thus set apart in the several States for the ben-
efit of the family as a homestead shall not be
reached by the operation of this bankrupt law,
I maintain that this bankrupt law is uniform.
The same rule prevails in one State as in
another. It is the same rule in Illinois that it
is in Wisconsin. The rule is that under this
bankrupt law the creditor shall only reach
such property as is liable to be reached by a
creditor; in short, that the creditor shall not
reach the trust fund which the State has
allowed to be set aside, not for the man, be-
cause the moment he ceases to be the head
of a family or to live in his homestead he
ceases to have any right in this property, and
then it becomes liable to be reached by cred-
itors ; but so long as the family exists it is set
apart as a trust fund for that family. The law
of the State regards the debt which a man
owes to his wife and his children, the obligation
into which he enters when he contracts the
marriage relation and establishes a family, as
the most sacred of all debts, the debt of all
others which the State is willing to defend in
order to secure the independence and the ex-
istence of the family itself. This homestead,
therefore, is a sacred trust fund, wholly inde-
pendent of creditors; and, if we pass a law
which allows creditors to reach all the rest of
a debtor's property and not reach this trust
fund set apart for his family, I do not think it
is a violation of the Constitution in not being
uniform. It is true the laws of the States may
vary, and the amount of the trust fnnd is not
precisely in one State as it is in another, but
the rule by which you reach the debtor's prop-
erty is precisely the same rule in every State,
and the rule by which you are limited in reach-
ing it is the same in every State.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not an uncommon
thing for attorneys in arguing cases to get up
some other point than the one before the court.
The Senator from Wisconsin has been arguing
about a trust fund belonging to the family.
That is not the question. This bill in its legal
effect is precisely the same as though it had
incorporated into it the exemption law of every
State in this Union. Does the Senator deny
that? The language is, after proceeding to
exempt certain property:
And such other property not included ill the fore-
going exceptions as is exempted from levy and sale
upon execution by the laws of the State in which the
bankrupt has his domicile at the time of the com-
mencement of the proceedings in bankruptcy.
This law is to operate, not simply for the
present, but for the future. Now let me put a
case to the Senator from Wisconsin. Suppose
the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin, now
in session, should pass a law that all the prop-
erty of a debtor, the whole of it, should be ex-
empt from execution whether he had a family
or not; suppose the State of Wisconsin should
pass such a law in March next, and we pass
this bankrupt bill to-day, and you should en-
deavor to enforce it in Wisconsin, what would
be the result ? This act declares that whatever
property is exempt from levy and sale upon
execution by the laws of the State of Wiscon-
sin, in which the bankrupt lias his domicile at
the time of the commencement of the proceed-
ings in bankruptcy, shall be exempted under
this law. This bill makes tbat'State law a part
of it. It is not merely the laws of the various
States now exempting property from execution
and sale, but whatever law exists in any State
hereafter at the time the proceeding in bank-
ruptcy is instituted is made a part of this bank-
rupt act.
Mr. POLAND. I beg to correct the Sen-
ator from Illinois. I understand him to" s^y
that this is made subject to such exemption
laws as may be passed hereafter by the States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; I do say so.
Mr. POLAND. If the Senator will only
take the trouble to read this portion of the
section he will see his mistake without being
corrected. The language is:
And such other property not included in the fore-
going exceptions as is exempted from levy and s.ile
upon execution by the laws of the State in which the
bankrupt has his domicile at the time of the com-
mencement of the proceedings in bankruptcy, to an
amount not "exceeding that allowed by such State
exemption laws in force in the year 186-1.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ver-
mont is correct; it is limited by a subsequent
clause of the section to such property as was
exempted by the State laws in force in the
year 1864. I did not read the whole sentence
through. I find I was in error in supposing
that it adopted as a part of this law the State
laws that may be enacted hereafter ; but I do
not think that alters the principle. The sec-
tion, it will be noticed, adopts as part of this
bankrupt act the exemption laws of the States
in force in the year 1864 ; or rather, as I see
on looking at it, allows property not exceed-
ing the amount exempted by the State laws in
force at that time to be retained by the bank-
rupt. I am still right, then ; it does adopt, not
only the State laws in force in 1864, but those
laws which shall hereafter be in force in any
State when the proceeding in bankruptcy is
commenced, provided the exemption allowed
by those future laws shall not be greater
than that allowed by the laws in force in 1864.
Is that so? Let us read it and see if it is not.
This is merely a limitation iipon the amount
of property that may be exempted; but the
laws of the States may vary, as they do, from
time to time. Take the ease of a proceeding
in bankruptcy commenced against a bankrupt
in the State of Vermont in the year 1867. I
do not know what the exemption law of Ver-
mont is.
Mr. POLAND. A homestead valued at
$500.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then if a proceeding is
commenced in 1867, the present year, under
this bill, if it passes, a homestead worth §500
wpuld be exempted from its operation in the
State of Vermont, because such was the law of
that State in 1864; but if in 1868 the Legisla-
ture of Vermont should thinkproperto exempt
only a homestead worth $U00, then I say to the
Senator from Vermont under this bill a bank-
rupt in that State who should be proceeded
against in 1868 would have exempted only a,
homestead worth $300. This is merely a limit-
ation upon the extent of the exemption; and
this bill proposes to adopt whatever exemption
laws may be passed hereafter in any of the
States and which shall be in force when the
proceeding in bankruptcy is commenced, pro-
vided the exemption laws hereafter passed in
any State shall not exempt a larger amount of
property than was exempted by the law in force
in the State in the year 1864. There is no
escape from that.
The principle is in the bill just as I stated it;
but the Senator from Wisconsin, who after
having made his argument has left the Cham-
ber, places it upon the ground that we have a
right to incorporate into this bill the various
exemption laws of the different States, because
those exemption laws are in favor of women
and children. Now, I undertake to say to that
Senator that the exemption laws are not in
favor exclusively of women and children.
There is no "trust fund" involved in this
matter. There is an exemption in my State
in favor of every debtor, whether he has a wife
and children or not; and I presume that is the
case in every other State of the Union; but
those laws are as diverse and different as the
States themselves.
Does the Senator from Wisconsin mean to
say that the Congress of the United States,
under an authority to pass a uniform law in
regard to bankruptcy, has a right to pass a law
that shall give to the Senator from Vermont
$100 worth of property if he should become
bankrupt—that is a very bad illustration I
know—and allow me $500 in case I should
become bankrupt, which is a good illustration
and a very probable one, perhaps. [Laughter.]
Itmightjbe convenient for me to retain $500 and
for him to have but $100; but would that be
a uniform system of bankruptcy? Is it possi-
ble for us without a manifest violation of the
Constitution to pass a bill making such a pro-
vision, and a bill which I undertake to say
adopts the future legislation of the various
States in regard to exemptions, provided those
future laws do not exceed the amount that was
allowed to be exempted by the laws of such
State in existence in 1864 ?
It was the opinion of the Judiciary Commit-
tee that this could not be done, and hence they
reported this amendment striking out these
words. It seems to me that the committee in
their opinion of the power of Congress were
correct, and that if we pass a law establishing
a uniform system of bankruptcy we must pass
one that exempts the same property or the
same amount of property to an individual in
one State as in another, and we must pass a
law that is not liable to be varied by the legis-
lation of the States hereafter. I do not believe
it is competent 1'or us to incorporate into this
act the various exemption laws of the different
States and then declare it to be a uniform sys-
tem of bankruptcy.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, my own inclin-
ations have been to go in favor of a bankrupt
law, my opinion being that it is impolitic for
the country to keep business men who have
been unfortunate involved so that they cannot
at any time enter into business again. But,
however this may be, my convictions are not
strong upon that subject; and the Ohio Legis-
lature at the last session, I believe unanimously,
or very nearly so, instructed the Senators from
the State to go against a bankrupt law.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was two years ago.
Mr. WADE. I thought it was at their last
session. At any rate, their last action on the
subject was to instruct us against such a bill,
by a vote unanimous, or nearly so. Perhaps
my colleague knows how that was.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not.
Mr. WADE. Although I have never held
so rigidly as some to the right of a State Legis-
lature to instruct the Senators from the State,
yet I think great deference is due to the opin-
ions of the Legislature whose representatives
in a-measure we are, or at any rate represent-
atives of the people behind them,-whose opin-
ions they know as well as we do. I think we-
ouglit under such circumstances to defer to
