1626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
familiar to me, for I heard it when it was de-
livered 
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; it was delivered in Massachusetts.
Mr. SHERMAN'. I thought it was in a
speech delivered in the Senate; at any rate I
had heard the same idea from the Senator be-
fore. He there states that he desires, as a
protection to the Union people of the South in
the work of reconstruction, that all rebels shall
be excluded from that work; that all rebels :
shall be excluded from participation in all the
steps made toward reconstruction ; and he goes
further, and says that rebels should have no I
political power, and especially all that cannot
take the oath. I was justified, therefore, in
the remarks I made yesterday, in saying that
the Senator from Massachusetts was committed
to the doctrine that all persons who had taken
part in the rebellion should be excluded from
the right of self-government; and I said that
if you should attempt to reconstruct society in
the southern States on that basis it would not
be republican in form or republican in sub-
stance. because the great mass of the white
people of the southern States had taken part
in the rebellion, and therefore would be en-
tirely excluded from the work of reconstruction.
The Senator says I have come to his stand-
point. God forbid! There is the difference
which a child can see. The amendment now
proposed by the House does exclude a few
people from voting, I think unwisely; but
how many? It excludes about from six to ten
thousand, and when? Only at the first elec-
tion for delegates to the convention. After
that they can vote. .1 think that is an unwise
exclusion: I would rather have them all vote,
white and black, under the stringent restric-
tions of this bill, and let the governments of
the southern States that are about now to rise
upon the permanent foundation of universal
liberty and 'universal equality stand upon the
consent of the governed, white and black, for-
mer slaves and former masters. I said I would
not exclude any from taking part in this recon-
struction. I was willing to see a few who had
been most conspicuous in the work of rebel-
lion excluded from holding offices, but none
from voting. Now, the Senator who yesterday
was in favor of excluding all rebels is willing
to stand with me upon a platform which will
exclude about six thousand out of a million.
I congratulate him upon his clemency and
benevolence, and that he has now come to a
platform upon which I am willing to stand
with him and to say to him " Excelsior." I
trust now, as this amendment will probably be
agreed to by the concurrent action of the Sen-
ate and the House of Representatives, that we
may have a platform upon which the southern
people can build up society in the southern
States, and that our great and glorious Union
may be again united, with all the States repre-
sented, with all the stars displayed upon our
banner.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I under-
stand that the Senator from Massachusetts is
to vote for this bill, and I am proud to return
to him the congratulations which he extended
to me on a former occasion. I congratulate
him that he is willing to extend the right of
suffrage, the ballot, to the great mass of the
people of the South; that he is satisfied with
having only a few of the leaders excluded from
that blessed privilege. I congratulate him for
having risen to a higher plane, for having fol-
lowed out the logic of his argument in favor
of the bill, so that he is now willing to come
up to a higher standard and vote for this bill.
I congratulate the country that so sensible a
measure as this is about to pass, a measure
which, though it may not be perfect in all its
parts, is certainly a measure of reconstruction,
one that says to the country and to the world
that we mean peace, that we mean to have an
end of these difficulties, that we mean to
reestablish the Union on the basis of liberty.
I congratulate the Senator from Massachusetts
that he has abandoned the idea of establishing
governments in the South upon caste, that he
has abandoned the idea of having colored gov-
ernments exclusively in the South, and that
he is willing to allow the great mass of the
people who went into the rebellion blindly,
or even driven into it, to still enjoy the ballot,
to still enjoy civil liberty when they shall have
proved their loyalty by complying with all
the rigorous conditions that we have found
it necessary to impose. I am willing to im-
pose these conditions because I believe they
are just. I do not think any man in the South
has the least right to complain of this bill. I
believe it is a grand measure of justice and
generosity, and the passage of it is the great-
est event, in my estimation, that has happened
since the surrender of Lee. I believe it will
give us peace and prosperity. It frankly says
to the country that we have a plan of recon-
struction, an honest, independent plan, in which
all can see light, in which all can see justice,
in which all can see mercy. Let the bill pass,
and let the country be satisfied. i
Mr. SUMNER. I am sorry to be obliged
to say another word; and yet if I did not I
might expose myself to some misunderstand-
ing. I accept the amendments which have
come from the House as the best that can be
had now ; but I desire it distinctly to be under-
stood that I shall not hesitate at all times to
insist in some more direct and practical way
upon applying the true principles of recon-
struction. You have already on your table a
bill known as the Louisiana bill. The time, I
presume, has passed within which it can be
acted on at this session ; but in the earliest
days of the next session I shall press that sub-
ject upon the Senate as constantly as I can.
I believe that you owe it to every one of these
States to supply them with a government in
the place of that which you now solemnly
declare to be illegal. In supplying them with
such a government it will be your duty then to
lay down the true foundations of loyalty, and I
wish to be understood as not in any way cir-
cumscribing myself by the vote of to-day.
It may be that on consideration it will be
best to apply to every voter the same oath
which is applied to every person who enters
Congress, which we know as the test oath. It
may be better to meet the requirement of the
hour in some other form. I am not at this
moment prepared to say the precise form which
I would urge ; but I shall insist upon greater
safeguards than any that are supplied in this
very hasty and crude act of legislation. I
accept it for what it is worth, as containing
much that is good, some things infinitely good,
but as coming far short of what a patriotic
Congress ought to supply for the safety of the
Republic.
Do not let me, then, be compromised at all
by this bill or by any of the blandishments of
the Senators over the way, [Messrs. Sherman
and Stewart.] I listen to them of course
with great pleasure, and to all their terms of
friendship I respond with all my heart. I like
very much to go with them, but I like much
better to go with what seems to me to be the
safety of my country; and when Senators even
as powerful as the Senator from Ohio and the
Senator from Nevada take a course which
seems to me inconsistent with the national
security, they must not expect me to follow
them.
Mr. WILSON. During these six years we
in these Halls have passed upon measures of
transcendent magnitude. By our legislation
we have created and governed mighty armies
and navies, founded systems of finance and
currency, emancipated and secured the equal
civil rights of four million men. Grand as
have been the series of measures of patriotism
and liberty, justice and humanity, I deem this
great measure the grandest of all, that series
of acts that saved the Republic. I think it the
highest duty of Congress, the first duty it owes
the country, to turn out of office every rebel
who is in office in the rebel States. I think,
and I have ever thought, that the great mistake,
to use no stronger word, made by the Presi-
dent was that he turned these rebel States over
into the hands of rebels. No rebel, whether
he be excluded by the constitutional amend-
ment or not, should be permitted to hold office
in those States for an hour. This amend-
ment of the House of Representatives recog-
nizes these governments as provisional gov-
ernments, and excludes from office and from
voting, while they are provisional governments,
persons excluded from holding office by the
constitutional amendment. So far so good;
but I think the rebels in office should vacate
the offices they now hold.
Sir, I have very little faith in excluding men
from the polls. I have fought the battle of
enfranchisement with all my heart. I believe
in manhood suffrage for man, without distinc-
tion of color or race or property or education.
I believe that the poorer a man is the more
he needs the ballot to protect himself and main-
tain his manhood in this democratic Republic.
I am a democratic Democrat on suffrage and
the rights of man. I have fought the battle
of enfranchisement: I can never fight the battle
of disfranchisement. It is with the deepest
regret that I consent as a necessity for a great
purpose to disfranchise any human being even
for a moment. I vote for this great measure
as a whole heartily, but I should vote for it
more joyously if no human being on earth was
disfranchised by it.
I wish to say further that so soon as these
rebel State governments are organized, and
the evidences of loyalty and submission to the
law are manifested, I shall hasten to vote to
relieve from all disabilities nearly all, if not
all, the persons excluded by the constitutional
amendment. I wish to see in our country
everywhere forgiveness and amnesty for the
past, peace and kind feeling for the future. I
am now and have been for universal amnesty
and universal suffrage, for securing the equal
rights of all and the protection, of all. I am
for lifting all men up, and against casting any
down.
This great measure is in advance, far in
advance of any position heretofore taken by
the Congress of the United States. The pend-
ing amendments of the House of Representa-
tives improve the measure, and I am grateful
to the Representatives of the people for this
action. I thank the House and the country,
well thank it, too, for this distinct declaration
that these rebel State governments are mere
provisional governments, and that the freed-
men shall possess and exercise the right of
suffrage while these State governments remain
provisional governments. I am especially
frateful to the Democratic members of the
louse, who unwittingly contributed to this
glorious declaration.
By this grand act we assure protection to
loyal men, to the enfranchised millions men-
aced by lawless bands; we proclaim as the
will of the nation, from whose verdict there is
no appeal, that the people of the rebel States
ere their representatives shall occupy seats in
these Chambers, shall accept tbe constitutional
amendment, modify their own constitutions and
laws in accordance with its provisions, and
secure equal and impartial suffrage to all men,
without distinction of color or race. The enact-
ment of this measure settles forever in America
the great contest for the enfranchisement of
the emancipated bondman. Tennessee, admit-
ted at the last session, has gloriously redeemed
the pledges made by her loyal representatives
and her loyal Governor. She has given, by a
great act of justice, suffrage to her freedmen
and assured the triumph of patriotism, freedom,
and justice in the years to come. When the
act shall become the law of the land, as it will
become the law of the land in spite of opposi-
tion here or elsewhere, three millions freedmen
will be clothed with the full right of suffrage
never to be taken from them. The passage
of this great measure forever puts at rest
the distrust and apprehension of cautious or
timid friends who feared that the nation might
