im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
the rebel States, that if they would ratify the
amendment of the Constitution proposed by
Congress at the last session, they should be
respectively readmitted into the Union, and
permitted to participate in legislation in the
two Houses of Congress. Doubtless, Mr.
President, the honorable Senator said what he
really believed to be the truth, for I should be
Tery reluctant to have it inferred that I impute
to him the slightest insincerity upon a question
so grave and so momentous as this.
That statement has often been made, not
very frequently, I believe, in Congress, but
very frequently during the congressional can-
vass ana in the various journals of the country.
I take this occasion, so far as I am concerned,
to contradict it. Congress have never proposed
to the insurgent States that if they would adopt
the present amendment of the Constitution
they should be readmitted as States of the
Union to a full participation in the legislation
of Congress. At the last session, after the most
mature deliberation, we saw fit to propose an
additional article to the Constitution, which upon
being ratified by three fourths of the States—
of course I mean three fourths of the States in
the Union and not out of the Union—it should
become a part of the Constitution of the coun-
try. But neither the committee of fifteen nor
either House of Congress, so far as my memory
serves, has ever made such a proposition as that
_ the rebel States shall be readmitted upon their
' ratification of this amendment.
Mr. NORTON. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Michigan if he did not in the
city of St. Paul last fall urge and argue to the
people there that, upon the adoption of the
amendment proposed at the last session, the
rebel States would obtain representation, and
that that would be a settlement of the question
of reconstruction.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I under-
stand the question of the honorable Senator
from Minnesota. I, krrow not what report of
my speech he may have seen, but I am ready
to say now that I did not make any such state-
ment. If I was so understood, I was greatly
misunderstood.
Mr. NORTON. I will statafto the-honorable
Senator, with his permission, that he was so
reported and that the authority of the Senator
was cited in opposition to a claim that I made
that Congress was not committed by the amend-
ment. The Senator from Michigan was cited
in opposition to the claim that I made on that
subject.
Mr. HOWARD. Of course, I am entirely
ignorant of the report which may have been
made of my speech and also of the sense in
which it may have been, understood. I know
very well what my ideas were and what the
substance of my language was. I never made
any such statement, and I shall never agree,
let me say, to any such thing. . I will not agree
that the State of South Carolina on adopting
that amendment shall eo instanti be readmitted
into Congress; nor will I agree that Alabama
or Mississippi or Georgia or Texas shall be. ad-
mitted to seats in Congress on going through
with what might in their case be the mere farce
of ratifyingthatamendmentofthe Constitution.
We have not been §g blind as to offer such a
proposition to theljWel States. We have not
agreed that they mSy come back here and re-
sume their seats when they ratify th$t amend-
ment, leaving the question undecided and un-
certain as to the final ratification of that amend-
ment by the other States. What the committee
on reconstruction did propose at the last session,
was this, and very likely it has had the effect
to mislead some gentlemen on that subject.
While the matter referred to them was before
them, that committee reported an article of
amendment to the Constitution, the third sec-
tion of which read as follows:
"Until the 4th day of July m the year 1870, all per-
sonswho voluntarily adhered to the late insurrection
giving it aid and comfort,shall bo oxcluded from the
right to vote for Representatives in Congress and for
electors for President and Vioo President of the Uni-
ted States."
, Tit© committee submitted to the Senate and
to the House of Representatives a bill entitled
' 'A bill to provide for restoring the States lately
in insurrection to their full political rights,"
the first section of which enacts as follows:
"That whenever the above-recited amendment
[tkewkole amendment being recited in the bill! shall
have become a part of the Constitution of the United
States, and any State lately in insurrection shall have
ratified the same and shall have modified its consti-
tution and laws in conformity therewith, the Senators
and Representatives from such State, if found duly
elected and qualified may, after having taken the
required oath of office, be admitted into Congress as
such."
That is the proposition which the committee
made to the two Houses of Congress. The bill,
I believe, never passed the Senate. I think it
was taken up in the House of Representatives
and laid on the table. But observe how care-
fully even that bill is drawn. It is predicated
upon this, that the amendment of the Consti-
tution thus proposed shall have been prelimi-
narily ratified by a sufficient number of States
of the Union to make it a part of the Constitu-
tion itself, and that it shall be especially rati-
fied by each one of the insurgent States for itself
before such rebel State shall be readmitted.
That is what was proposed, and the only thing
proposed, to the rebel States as such.
Mr. WADE. As the Senator seems to ad-
dress himself to me, I want to know if he un-
derstood me to lay down any diffrent rule from
that.
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly not. I under-
stood the honorable Senator from Ohio to say
before he closed his speech that it was to this
bill, and this clause that he referred. Certainly
I do not mean to place him in a false position
on a subject of so much importance.
We proposed that the Constitution should be
so amended as to provide that for a time all
persons whe^had participated in the rebellion
should be ostracized and excluded from the
right of voting for Representatives in the Con-
gress of the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the honorable
Senator if he does not remember that that par-
ticular clause was struck out by an amendment
made by the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And we substituted
another provision for it?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir; we substituted
another provision for it, and then the article
of amendment finally submitted to the States
as the fourteenth article was adopted by the
two Houses on the report of the reconstruc-
tion committee.
Mr. President, it has been reproachfully
alleged by some gentlemen upon this floor that
one great object had in view by the friends of
this bill is to increase the political strength of
the dominant party in the two Houses of Con-
gress, and we have been told, sneeringly, that
if the measure was not likely to have that
effect wc should not press it; in short, that we
have in view party objects and party interests
in the passage of the bill now before us; that
we are not actuated by patriotic motives, but
rather by partisan feelings and interests.
I have to say in reply, that although I be-
lieve both these Territories contain sufficient
population to justify us in admitting them as
States, and that they ought for that and for
various other reasons connected with their own
local interest so to 'be admitted, 1 am still ac-
tuated by another motive, which with me is a
very strong motive. < I have no hesitation in
saying plainly to the opponents of this bill that
I do desire the admission of Colorado and Ne-
braska because their Senators here and their
Representatives in the other House would
greatly increase the Republican loyal strength
in Congress. The interests of the country itself
require this additional strength. I feel that I
am actuated by the most patriotic motives when
I say that in my judgment the interests of the
United States of America, the interests of the
whole loyal people who have borne the burden
of this war, and especially the true interests of
the insurgent population at the South, require
this increase of strength in Congress.
Sir, what, during the last eighteen months,
have we witnessed? We have witnessed one
of the most dangerous and gigantic strides
of executive ambition and executive power that
has ever been exhibited in this country or in
any other free country on the globe. We have
seen a President of the United States, a locum
telicits* rather, of that high office, assume to
himself upon the close of a bloody war of four
years, in which, according to his own admis-
sions and confessions, all civil governments
were obliterated in the rebel States, leaving
them in a state of complete anarchy, without
law, without order, without government; as-
suming, in utter disregard of the will of Con-
gress, without even calling Congress together
to consult them upon so grave an occasion,
assuming to himself what he calls the constitu-
tional power of appointing provisional gov-
ernors for the conquered States ofthe rebellion,
instituting,-by his executive edicts from time to
time, eleven so-called provisional governments
in the insurgent States; a power which I, for
one, utterly deny to him. I look upon his whole
proceedings, from the date of his circular let-
ter to the so-called Governor Holden, of North
Carolina, down to the present time, as being
wholly without constitutional warrant, and as
plain a usurpation of the power of Congress to
suppress the rebellion as it is possible to con-
ceive.
I will not, however, go farther into this sub-
ject at the present time than to say that this
same Executive, professing to be actuated, of
course, by pure and patriotic motives, took
upon himself to denounce the Thirty-Ninth
Congress as a body of usurpers '' hanging on
the verge of the Government," without con-
stitutional power to act as a legislative body.
We have seen him, after having 1 * swung ai'ound
the circle" from the city of Philadelphia to
St. Louis, accusing Congress, at almost every
stopping-place, of usurping power that did not
belong to them, of being tyrants, of being a
" body of men hanging on the verge of the
Government," and of course not constituting
properly any part of the Government; de-
nouncing Congress as a band of conspirators
in whose bosom was hatched the atrocious
massacre at New Orleans, of which, if they
are guilty they deserve nothing short of the
halter; denouncing even by name members
of this body and of the other House as being
worthy of being hanged as traitors, and calling
upon the noisy mobs whom he addressed ana
asking them why they did not hang A, B, C,
and D 2 and finally, after having promised the
offices of the Government to those people who
would come, as he called it, to the ballot-box
and vote for his policy, thus practically, if
not legally, holding out bribes to the electors;
arriving at St. Louis, where he put forth as the
result of his meditations and patriotic reflec-
tions, the following declaration:
"Well, let me say to you if you will stand by me
in this action, if you will stand by me in trying to
-give the people a fair chance, soldiers and citizens,
to participate in these affairs"—
I presume it should have been <! offices''—
"God being willing I will kick them [the office-
holders] outjust as fast as I can. Lot me say to you
in conclusion"—
Here is the deliberate result of all his ha-
rangues made while performing this pilgrimage
to St. Louis, the result of his discussions, of
his reflections, and ruminations—
*' Let me say to you in conclusion what I have said,
and I intended to say buUittlebntwas provoked into
this more than otherwise, I care not for the names,
the taunts, and jeers. I care not for tho threats. I
do not intend to be bullied by my enemies nor over-
awed by myfriends, but God willing, with yourhelp,
/ will veto their measures whenever they come to inc."
Now, sir, if Mr. Johnson was sincere in
making that declaration of a purpose to veto
all the legislation of Congress, or that portion
of it which was disagreeable to him, then I ask
Congress, should fortify themselves and so add
to their numerical strength in these Halls that
the interests of the country shall not suffer by
tills threatened promiscuous and wanton use
of the veto power by him. He threatens to
