1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1627
shrink from demanding of the States lately in
rebellion the acceptance of manhood suffrage
as an indispensable condition of restoration to
their practical relations. i
I now deem the adoption of the constitu-
tional amendment of vital importance to the
enduring interests of the whole country and the
permanent security of the personal liberties of
the citizens of the United States, regardless of
color or race. The provisions for the security
of the rights of persons in the first section of
the amendment, and the power given to Con-
gress to enforce those provisions by appro-
priate legislation, are of priceless value to the
nation. These provisions embodied in the
first section of the amendment will be studied
by the foremost minds of the country, be dis-
cussed in the legislative halls and judicial tri-
bunals of the States, in these Chambers and
in the high judicial tribunal of the nation, by
the statesmen and jurists of the country, in
other times when the history of the great strug-
gle for the extension of suffrage to the freed- ,
men will cease to be remembered by the masses ,
of our countrymen.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I have felt
a solicitude for the condition of the country
consequent upon the exclusion of the southern
States from their right of representation in this
body that I want words to express. The view
that I have entertained is that in their present
condition they are entitled to be represented.
But the Congress of the United States, from
the termination of the rebellion to the present
time, have taken a different view, and I have
lost all hope of seeing them at any early day,
if at any day, with the consent of Congress,
reinstated in their original condition. Besides,
the interest, the vital interest, which the people
of the South necessarily have in the present
state of things, the interest of the other States
is almost as great. As long as it continues,
more or less will the reputation of the country
suffer, and more or less will its material in-
terests suffer. I have been, therefore, from the
first ready to agree to any proposition which I
believed would result in bringing the southern
States back, however much I may be opposed
to the conditions which might be exacted of
them. Nothing can be worse than the state in
which they are now placed: desolation around
them; all rights denied them of a political
character ; and on the floor of the Senate, to
say nothing of another branch of the Govern-
ment, their character as men has been aspersed
in terms which have caused me nothing but the
deepest regret. I think I know that they are
not deserving of such aspersion. I think I
know that the descendants of the men of the
South, who upon so many occasions battled on
the field for the honor and glory of the coun-
try, and contributed so much to the success of
our civil government, cannot be such men as
some of the members of Congress have desig-
nated them. I wish them here in our midst,
to show by their presence that in all particu-
lars, moral and political, intellectual and
Christian, they are our equals. The very bat-
tles they have waged in seeking to destroy the
Government exhibited deeds of valor of which
Rome in her proudest days might have boasted.
If I had my own way I would at once receive
them in this Chamber, with a heart full of con-
viction that they would be true to their duty to
the country, and that they would promote its
permanent interest.
But I have not my way. I am obliged, there-
fore, to acquiescein the decision of the majority
of Congress, however erroneous or unjust I may
believe that decision to be, provided I believe
that it will end in a comparatively short time
in restoring the southern States to the brother-
hood of States.. I am unwilling that this Con-
gress shall adjourn without the adoption of
some measure that holds out a hope, however
distant, that this maybe the result of our delib-
erations; and believing that this will be done by
the adoption of the measure as it now stands
before you, I shall give it my vote, not because
I approve of it in the abstract or in the partic-
ular, but because I think I see in it a mode of
rescuing the country from the perilous predic-
ament in which it is now placed.
Mr. President, if there be a feeling which
should animate the heart of every American, it
should be one of generosity, magnanimity, and
charity for the men who, although they sought
to break asunder the cords of the Union, are
now looking with solicitude to their being rein-
stated. If there be a feeling whict should ani-
mate every American citizen, it is that we
should be, and at the earliest period, a people
one and indivisible, demonstrating to the world
that however alarming the few last years may
have been, and however they were calculated
to cause the lovers of constitutional freedom
to despond, the time has come, or the time
will speedily come, when the feelings conse-
quent upon that effort will have subsided, and
we shall be brought together again and be seen
in the undisturbed exercise of the duties im-
posed upon us, and exhibiting to the world a
people great in war, and a people capable of
being in the end, the war terminated, as great
in peace.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I think
experience has shown us that the greatest dif-
ficulty in the way of the adoption of the con-
stitutional amendment in the southern States
was that provision which required the great
body of the people there to do an act, as they
supposed, of dishonor. That constitutional
amendment proposes to exclude permanently
from office, both in the government of the
United States and in the States, all persons
who had at any time taken an oath to support
the Constitution of the United States and who
had subsequently gone into the rebellion.
Many of those were the leaders in the south-
ern cause, some of them more responsible than
the great mass of the people of the South, but
not all. And so when the people of the south-
ern States came to consider that amendment,
the great body of them thought, "if we adopt
this it will be to relieve ourselves from polit-
ical disability and to secure to ourselves polit-
ical power, at the same time sacrificing in these
respects the men that we encouraged in the
rebellion," and they felt that it was a matter
of honor that they should not agree to it.
Now, this proposition, coming at this hour
from the House of Representatives, has, I
think, this same vice in it. Do Senators de-
sire that the constitutional amendment or any
terms shall be agreed to by the South? Why,
then, present to them a proposition that they
think conflicts with their personal honor?
Why ask one man in the South to turn his
back to another who was no more responsible
in connection with the rebellion than himself?
How would I stand if I were in the South
to-day, and if I had gone into this rebellion, but
had never held any office before the rebellion,
and therefore had never taken any oath of
office? It is asked of mo to vote for a consti-
tutional amendment which will disfranchise
and render incapable of holding office my
neighbor who went into the rebellion with me,
no more responsible for it than I was. How
could I vote for it? I secure to myself political
power and influence and position by this vote,
cutting down a man by my side who went into
the rebellion with me, and no more responsible
than myself. I have felt all the while that that
was the greatest difficulty in the way of the
adoption of the constitutional amendment by
the southern States. I may be mistaken, but
I have supposed so. Now, this interposes the
same difficulty without securing, as I think,
any great good.
This section, number six, which is proposed
to the bill, I cannot support, for I do not
believe its statement. 1 do not believe the
States now organized, the ten States not yet
represented, are provisional governments. I
believe that they are States, clothed with all
the sovereignty that any State of this Union
can enjoy except the right to be represented
here, which is denied by the power of Con-
gress. Some of these States helped to fight
the battles of the Revolution and to form the
present Federal Government. When, how, or
by what act did they go out? Since the rebel-
lion, since the act of secession, Congress has
over and over again recognized them as States.
By the resolution of July, 1801, they were recog-
nized as States. By the law apportioning
Representatives among the States in 1862 they
were recognized as States. Have they ceased
to be States since that time ?
Then I think they are States. I believe the
State constitutions now adopted by the people
of the South received no portion of their valid-
ity from any act of the President. His ap-
pointment of provisional governors could not
confer upon those governors any power to
remodel the State governments of the South ;
but when the people acted under the governors
appointed, and the people themselves remod-
eled their constitutions, from the people came
the quality of validity and legality.
Nor, sir, can I vote to hold that these States
are provisional States, subject to Congress in
every rSspect, subject, as itis expressed, "to the
paramount authority of the United States at any
time to abolish, modify, control, or supervise
the same." I think that would be bringing
into Congress a power dangerous to the whole
Union.
But, Mr. President, I do not intend to dis-
cuss this matter further. I merely intended to
express my opposition to these two features
of the amendment that comes from the House
of Representatives. No member of this body
is more desirous to see harmony restored be-
tween the two sections than myself. Anything
that I can consistently do, with the oath that
is upon me, I am ready to do, which holds out
even a faint hope of a speedy restoration ; but
when I think that we are sowing the seeds of
discord, I cannot give my vote to the propo-
sition.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I am of
opinion that the exclusion from the right of
suffrage under the first clause of the House
amendment is much more extensive than it
was stated to be by the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] in his remarks. The amend-
ment excludes from the right of suffrage in
the election of members of the constitutional
conventions all those persons who are ex-
cluded from the right of holding office under
the constitutional amendment proposed by
Congress at the last session. Ihe language
of that constitutional amendment on this point
extends to every person "who having pre-
viously taken an oath as a member of Con-
gress or as an officer of the United States or as
a member of any State Legislature, or as an
executive or judicial officer of any State, to
support the Constitution of the United States,"
shall have afterward engaged in insurrection.
By the sixth article of the Constitution of the
United States it is provided that—
"The Senators and Representatives before men-
tioned, and the members of the several State Legis-
latures. and all executive and judicial officers, both
of the United States and of the several States, shall
be bound by oath or affirmation to support this Con-
stitution."
I believe the constitutional amendment
upon this point has not been well understood.
Its scope and effect, the extent of its opera-
tion, has not been duly appreciated in the coun-
try. It is not that persons who held office
under the United States or under the govern-
ment of a State at the date of secession shall
be excluded from the right of holding office
under the United States or under their partic-
ular States. It is that any person who at any
period of past time has taken such an oath
shall be so excluded. Now I presume that,
instead of there being but six thousand persons
excluded from the right of holding office under
the United States or under particular States, by
the language of the constitutional amendment,
the number is more likely sixty thousand, or
perhaps still more. The exclusion includes,
observe, not only officers of the United States,
but officers of the several States; it includes
persons who may have served in the State
