mm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
veto all our legislation. It was if property re*
ported—of course I shall not hold him respoa-
sible for such a declaration if it shall appear
that he was not correctly reported—if this shall
be his purpose, if it be his determination to
treat this Congress as a usurping body, as an
unconstitutional body, not to be .trusted with
the business of legislation for the reason that
they have not yet seen fit, to adopt his policy
for the readmission of the rebel States, then
it is perfectly evident that no legislation can be
got.through Congress unless we can carry it
over Ms veto and by a vote of two thirds of
each body.
• This, sir, is a very serious matter; but for
one I do not fear or hesitate to say that with
such a threat held out to me, with such dangers
as seem to be clustering around me, it is my
duty to take every step and to do every act
authorized by the Constitution to increase the
effective legislative strength of the Thirty-Ninth
and the Fortieth Congress to counteract in this
way the anarchical schemes, the schemes of
absolutism and usurpation which are cherished
in the executive branch of this Government.
I have no hesitation about it. The question
has come at last and is presented to the coun-
try in plain terms. There is an issue between
the President and the legislative body. The
Secretary of State has told us on more than one
occasion that in such a controversy as this the
9 executive arm will triumph; and his organ at
home has gone so far as to declare that in case
the votes of the rebel States at the next presi-
dential election shall not be counted, and if
those votes together with the votes of the oppo-
sition-party. at the North shall be sufficient to
elect a President in 1868, Mr. Johnson then
being in command of the military forces, we
may expect a violent and bloody struggle.
Now, sir, it is our duty to look into the future
and to resort to all means which are placed in
our hands by the Constitution to counteract
this plan of usurpation, absolutism, and vio-
lence, beneath which the free Government of
the United States, the freedom of our Consti-
tution and all the privileges secured under it,
are likely to be crushed and extinguished for-
ever.
Sir, let us meet the issue thus forced upon
us like men, and with the same spirit with which
our soldiers and sailors during the war met the
enemy; For one, sir, I am not to be intimidated
by the threats of President Johnson nor by the
prophesies of the Secretary of State.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, the ques-
tion immediately before the Senate, I believe,
arises oh the amendment to the bill upon the
table, offered by the honorable Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Brown ;] but in the discussion
in which I am about to engage I shall consider
myself at liberty to follow the course which
has been adopted by the friends of this meas-
ure, to discuss the merits of the proposition
itself contained in the bill, and I shall do it
with all the brevity that I can command, and
with all the perspicuity that 1 am able to use.
The honorable member who offers the amend-
ment, if I understand him aright, places the
power to insert such a provision as the amend-
ment contemplates upon one of two grounds ;
first, because new States may be admitted into
the Union; and second, because the United
States may guaranty a republican form of
government to each State. Irrespective of the
political issues of the day, which may be very
short-lived—for no one can tell how long they
will continue to agitate the country—there are,
in my judgment, considerations which should
influence the judgment of Senators looking far
beyond such issues.
During the deliberations of the Convention
which led to the formation of the Constitution,
it was at one time thought that the body was
almost at the point of dissolution because of the
proposed inequality of the representation in the
other House and in this of the States repre-
sented in that Convention or thereafter to be
introduced into the Union of the States, if the
Constitution which the Convention should form
should be legally ratified. First, it was doubted
whether it was proper or republican in form
to give to each of the States an equal represent-
ation in this body. Secondly, it was doubted
whether it was not important to the interests
of the States represented in that Convention to
guard against being overborne by the repre-
sentation of States which might- thereafter be
admitted into the Union, unless there was some
limitation upon the representation to which they
would in the absence of limitation be entitled.
Delaware and Rhode Island, to speak of none
of the other States, which are now small com-
paratively with these which have since been
introduced into the Union; all the maritime
States whose interest at that time it was thought
would be found safer in their own hands and
actually imperiled if they were not secured such
a representation as would enable them at all
times thereafter to protect them, believed that
it was dangerous in the extreme, looking to the
future, and a future soon to come, to admit
new States into the Union under the clause
which the Constitution was to contain, and
which it does contain, without limiting their
right of representation.
The representatives from the eastern States,
and especially from that State which at that
time contained the territory that now consti-
tutes the State of Maine, which is so well rep-
resented on this floor, were exceedingly solicit-
ous upon this subject, and sought to avoid the
apprehended calamity, by proposing to pro-
vide that at no time should the States there-
after to be-admitted into the,Union have a
representation exceeding in number the repre-
sentation of the maritime States. The reason
for that solicitude was very manifest. We
may see it now exhibited in the opinions which
are said to prevail in the western States.
At that time the idea of the eastern States
engaging in manufactures was not contempla-
ted. It was supposed, judging by their colo-
nial history and judging by their locality, that
their principal interest would be found to con-
sist in objects of enterprise, maritime in then-
nature as contradistinguished from other ob-
jects of enterprise; in other words, that they
would become the maritime States of the
United States, the carriers of the States away
from the Atlantic, and continue to be the car-
riers of all the States away from the Atlantic
that thereafter might be admitted into the
Union. When the clause which gives to Con-
gress the power to admit new States was
before the Convention, the subject was brought
to the attention of that body by the represent-
atives from the eastern States, and especially
as the representatives from the State of Mas-
sachusetts, speaking upon this subject among
others, through G-ouverneur Morris, in a debate
which the Senate will find reported in the sec-
ond volume of Mr. Madison's Papers contain-
ing the debates in that Convention. I will
read a sentence or two from the speech made
on that occasion by Mr. Gouverneur Morris:
"The rule of representation ought to be so fixed as
to secure to the Atlantic States a prevalence in the
national councils. The new States will know less of
the public interests than these, will have an interest
in many respects different, in particular will be little
scrupulous of involving the community in wars the
burden and operations of which would fall chiefly
on the maritime States. Provision ought, therefore,
to be made to prevent the maritime States from
being outvoted by them. Ho thought this might be
easily done by irrevocably fixing the number of Rep-
resentatives which the Atlantic States should respect-
ively have and the number which each new State
will have."
The representatives from the southern States,
and especially from the State of Virginia, and
more especially in that representation, Mr.
Madison, insisted upon it (and they prevailed)
that a provision of that sort could not be made
consistently with the principles upon which
the Union was to be formed, that it was de-
signed and could only be made with safety a
Union of equal States, equal in everything,
equal in representation in the Senate, equal in
representation in the House ; and as with rep-
resentation in the eastern States must from its
nature be regulated by numbers, to limit the
representation of the States thereafter to come
into the Union by an irrevocable rule which
should limit that representation at all times in
the future, would be to place these States in a
condition comparatively with the other States
of the Union of inequality; and it was voted
down. But the danger was still apparent, and
that danger is now upon us.
The eastern States have been fprced, by no
fault of their own, in a great measure to drop
the business in which they were then engaged,
and which they supposed would constitute their
principal business m all times to come, and to
engage in the business of manufacturing. They
have grown rich by their enterprise and their
industry. They have millions and millions of
money invested in these establishments, and
they employ thousands and hundreds of thou-
sands of men of the best skill in the country.
While they enrich themselves individually
they enrich all. They enrich those who start
poor; they increase the wealth of those who
start rich; and, what is chiefly to be admired,
they immeasurably increase the wealth and the
power of the nation. But how has that been
accomplished? During the war of 1812 the
system commenced, and found its inducement,
its protection, in the effects of the war. Soon
the war was over. England, the manufacturer
almost of the world, found herself in a con-
dition in which she could by a comparatively
insignificant sacrifice flood the United States
with every variety of manufactures in which
the eastern States were then engaged, and by
doing so involve them in bankruptcy. The
United States, as I think wisely, determined
to prevent such a dreadful calamity by protect-
ing as against foreign competition the manu-
facturing industry of the United States, and
that protection has been continued from that
time to this; and the fruits of it are what we
now see throughout the Bast, what we have
seen -still more strikingly exhibited during the
last five years through which the country has
passed—a trial to which no country in the
world was ever before subjected—everything
was supplied that human industry could fur-
nish; every species of manufacture entering
into the necessities of an army in the field was
near at hand, fashioned by the skillful industry
of the workmen of the United States—a skill
that had become what it was under the pro-
tection of the laws to which I have adverted.
Now, it is not to be denied that to a certain
extent at least if not to the very extent appre-
hended and asserted by those who have here-
tofore assailed and are now assailing that
system, it increases in time of peace the cost
to the consumer of everything which he is
obliged to get from the manufacturer. How
much of that protective tax falls upon the con-
sumer and how much falls upon the manufac-
turer or producer it is difficult to ascertain.
Political economists themselves are at variance
on that subject; but all unite in saying that to
a certain extent, at least, the finality is that
the consumer pays the amount of the tax,
either wholly or partially. The western States
which we have already admitted, are, if we can
judge from the signs-of the times, under that
impression; and just as you increase them
will that impression be increased, and just as
you increase them will it be in their power to
strike at the system to which you in your States
are so much indebted for the property which
you now enjoy.
Mr. President, it is not to be inferred from
what I have thus far said that I am hostile to
the admission of any citizens of the United States
into this U nion as States; but I mention it merely
for the purpose of saying that they ought not to
be admitted until the necessity looking to them-
selves is apparent. To give to the Territory
which you propose now to admit two Senators
and at leastone Representative, it having a pop-
ulation certainly not exceeding fifty thousand,
and to give as you can only give to the State
of New York and to the State of Pennsylvania
each two Senators, with a population respect-
ively of between three and four millions, would
seem from the statement of the fact not to be
altogether politically right.
I have said that the population of Nebraska
