1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1629
What is the proposition now? The propo-
sition is that you must not let the people who
took part in this rebellion vote, or large num-
bers of them, and you must let vote a great
number of emancipated negro slaves, whom
nobody pretends or ought to pretend really
either have the right to vote or are fit to vote.
These are the terms you impose upon this fallen
foe of yours, six or eight or ten million people
of the same race you are, the same blood, and
enough of them to hold us, as they did, for
years in a most dubious and uncertain war,
enough of them to-day to furnish half a million
of as good fighting men as there are anywhere
upon the earth; and yet you stand over them
and you say you are not content with their
observance and maintenance of the Constitu-
tion, but you must have more. Gentlemen talk
about guarantees, talk about securities, and all
that kind if thing. Mr. President, that is all
as idle as the wind. Compel a guarantee, com-
pel a security, compel an acquiescence in a con-
dition ! Who ever heard of a people who were
compelled into an acquiescence of that kind,
or into a guarantee of that kind, who felt it
binding? Does not the stupidest man in the
country know that if you compel a man to do
anything it is not obligatory upon him? That
which people do under duress, that which they
do under the heavy hand of the conqueror, is
not obligatory upon them at any time.
Then, Mr. President, I have only to say, as
said in the outset, that I am opposed to these
or any terms except simply to ask the southern
people to stand upon the Constitution and to
obey the laws. That will bring to us peace
and security, and nothing else will. It may
bring destruction to certain individuals ; it may
bring a new party into power in the country ;
and that is the real trouble, that is the very
trouble. In ancient times either of the great
parties was good enough to rule the country.
Why? Because the country was free ; because
it had virtue and intelligence; because it had
charity and Christian forgiveness ; and it had
those virtues upon which alone a republic
could rest. In old times, when the Democrats
came in the Whigs went out peaceably, and"
they said: " These men will preserve the Con-
stitution and the laws ; they will not, perhaps,
carry out our views upon a tariff, or our views
upon a bank, or our views upon internal im-
provements, or something of that kind; but
still the great destinies of the country are safe
with them." So when the Democrats went
out and the Whigs came in, the Democrats
said: '' Perhaps the Whigs may charter a na-
tional bank; they may invest money in internal
improvements; they may pass a bankrupt law,
or they may raise the tariff, or something of
that kind, but the country will still be safe."
Mr. President, that is the touchstone.
Whenever that state of things ceases in a re-
public all history teaches it is farewell to the
republic; it has then ceased to be a republic;
its soul has departed from it; the very idea,
sentiment, and belief which give it life have
gone. Now, what is the reason that the Union
cannot be restored instantly? What is the
reason that it meets with such opposition here
and there and everywhere. Is it not obvious ?
Has it not leaked out here, has it not leaked
out everywhere, does it not leak out every day
in t,he speeches of the Radical Senators on this
floor, does it not leak out in every radical
journal in the land, has it not leaked out over
in the other House? " Oh, if you do this you
will bring a new party into power!" And to
prevent this, to stave off the evil day, to post-
pone it, to bridge over, to tide over between
this and some future contingency, these guar-
antees are sought, these securities for the
future which are as idle as the passing wind.
How are you going to preserve a republic
when you cannot trust the people of the repub-
lic ? You might preserve a monarchy, because
a monarchy does not depend on the people;
you might preserve a despotism, because a
despotism does not defend on the people.
Having no trust, no confidence in the people,
having no charity for the people of the Southf*
no belief in their honesty and their desire to
repent and go along civilly and peaceably as
they did before they tried their unfortunate
experiment of rebellion; having, I say, no
charity for them, no faith in them, lacking the
very elements of democracy, much as you talk
about negroes and your faith in negroes that
is the reason why you want to get up these
contrivances; and they are nothing but mere
contrivances, such houses as children make with
cards, and which will be blown down by the
breath of the first passer-by. You expect to
prevent all this and the natural result by
schemes of this kind, futile, fallacious, that
will come back to plague the inventors. Be
just, be generous, be true to the first principle
of your Government. Whatwasthat? Thatthe
people had virtue and intelligence enough to
maintain it. If you cease that belief, say so.
If you have abandoned it, why not say so ?
Will you gain anything by this trifling? Do
you expect to succeed under cover of a pre-
tense—a lie, in other words ? To me such a
course seems most destructive. Have trust
and confidence in the people.
We have heard to-day, and it is moat extraor-
dinary how the ideas of men come to be
turned upside down, how everything we have
ever thought comes to be reversed, that the
word 11 excelsior'' means higher and higher—
in what direction? Higher and higher in the
direction of barbarism; higher and higher in the
direction of stupidity, ignorance, and folly ;
higher and higher in the direction of negroes
instead of the more intelligent of white men.
Think of it for one moment. Here is a fabric
reared upon the virtue and the intelligence of
the white people. Does any man doubt their
superiority to the black people? By the dis-
tribution of political power among those white
people carefully made it is supposed that this
fabric can stand, that it can be preserved.
Gradually, little by little, however, the dema-
gogues widen the franchise and seek lower
and lower, not for strength to the fabric, not
for security to the existence of the superstruc-
ture, but to widen the field within which they,
by means of their insidious arts, may gain
power for themselves; and what then ? They
weaken it down until there is no qualification
for the franchise.
A Senator rises in his place here to-day and
says he is for manhood suffrage. Manhood
suffrage! Because a man happens to be a
man, because he happens to have arms and
two legs, therefore he is entitled to have a share
in the government of men! It seems to me
if a man had just dropped on the earth for the
first time, if he had come as Minerva did from
the brain of Jove, full fleshed, and a question
had been put to him, he could not have uttered
a more supreme, a more ridiculous absurdity
than that. Where are the people who possess
manhood all over the world? Why do not
these people, who if they had manhood suf-
frage would erect and maintain a republic, do
it in Africa ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Define "manhood."
Mr. COWAN. I suppose it is the mascu-
line gender with two arms and two legs, per-
haps over twenty-one years of age. That is
what I suppose might be meant by manhood
here. It seems that everybody having those
two or three requisites are men, and therefore
have manhood.
But I ask again, in all seriousness, if there
is such virtue in this manhood, this fact of
being merely a man; has it remained until this
year of our Lord 1867 to find it out? Where
else was there a republican form of govern-
ment such as this in the world before ? Who
made it? Those people who had manhood
simply ? Why, Mr. President, it was the high-
est forms of men upon the planet, and not only
the highest forms of men, but the highest forms
of men working under the most favorable of
all conditions, in a new continent, untram-
roeled by any of the difficulties which might
have surrounded an older society, with illimit-
able, boundless territory at their disposition.
They could form thia Government. They did
form it. Did it succeed by allowing the fran-
chise to all the white males above the age of
twenty-one, who had paid taxes within two
years, and had a certain residence? Has it
succeeded within the last six years? What is
the reason that it did not succeed ? I put that
question. Why is it that we have had this
rebellion? Is it because too few people were
voting? Is it because you had not dived into
the depths of human debasement to fish up the
virtue and intelligence which you desire to
sustain and invigorate your institutions ? Had
there been an intelligent, pure, and virtuous
constituency in the North; had there been one
in the South; had common sense thrown the
ballots in either quarter, would this rebellion
have taken place? Why, sir, if there is one
thing in the world that is more easily demon-
strated than another thing it is that it was owing
to the fact that you had widened your franchise,
that you had thrown the door open to all kinds
of demagoguism, that you had abandoned all
common sense and all decency in the conduct
of your public affairs, that you had the rebel-
lion. Does anybody pretend that there was
real cause for the rebellion ? Not a particle.
The Government of the United States had
committed no wrongs. It had inflicted no in-
juries. No man could come to it and ask for
redress of the one or vengeance for the other.
Why, then, that rebellion against this fair fab-
ric under which men lived, under which the
country prospered, under which it rose to its
great height, and became one of the first Pow-
ers upon the earth ? It was just because of this
evil element of supposing that all men have
virtue and all men have intelligence enough to
do this thing which the whole world stands up
to-day and lifts up its hands and swears at the
altar of the most high and living God is a lie.
It was because experience was abandoned and
lost sight of; and you furnished a feast at
which the demagogues and the politicians might
eat, and at which they might achieve for them-
selves personal power and personal distinction
at the expense of the great masses, and then
you had the rebellion, because whenever that
is thwarted by the two coming together war
results as a matter of necessity.
Then, Senators, taught by the lessons of the
past, assured especially by the lessons of the
past two yearrs, and they are pregnant with
meaning to him who desires to understand
them, leave off this attempt to compromise,
leave off this attempt to settle, leave off your
doctrine of guarantees and securities; turn
yourselves back to your Constitution and your
laws; turn away from this doctrine that the U ni-
ted States are superior to the States outside the
range of the Constitution. Keep yourselves
within it. Allow the States to be free as they
were at the time they made the Constitution.
Let them settle the question of suffrage for
themselves. Let them preserve all their re-
served rights. Ask the South to yield to the
Constitution and they will yield, and peace
will come, and another thing will not come
which you fear. Do that to-morrow, do it in
a spirit of magnanimity and generosity, and
the dominant party now in power in the Senate
and in the other House will maintain its dom-
inancy. Disregard that, insist upon your new
projects, and when ruin comes upon you, the
longer you put it off the more fearful and ter-
rible it will be.
That, Mr. President, I have no doubt would
be the true wisdom ; and I need say nothing
further in support of that view than to refer
my colleagues to the past. In the spring of
1865 the rebellion was suppressed and the
people submitted. The golden opportunity
was then had of restoring the Union instantly,
without terms of any kind. That opportunity
gone by will never come again, I fear, and cer-
tainly it will never come again by force; it will
never come again by imposing conditions—
never, never. It never has done so ; it never
will do so. The most dangerous thing in the
world it would be for you if these conditions
were accepted, for the moment th«se condi-
tions were accepted you would lose your hold
