1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
953
that particular—in the same section which ex-
cepts from the operation of the bankrupt act
property which is reserved by the laws of the
States there are other exceptions which are to
remain. There are two classes: the first class
embraces property which the circumstances of
the bankrupt may, in the judgmentof the com-
missioner or of the district court, justify being
retained by him. The decisions in relation to
bankrupts under that clause by the commis-
sioner may lead to different results. One
amount may be allowed to one bankrupt be-
cause of his circumstances and the condition
in which he is placed, and another amount
may be allowed to another bankrupt because
his condition and his circumstances are not the
same; so that the bill in that clause of it goes
upon the assumption that there may be a dif-
ferent result in the case of different applicants
for the bankrupt law, or different parties against
whom the bankrupt law may be put in opera-
tion by compulsion. But that is not all. It
excepts from the operation of the bankruptcy
all property belonging to the bankrupt which
he holds under any act of Congress, or rather
which by any act of Congress is excepted from
execution. Then my friend here holds prop-
erty—and it is immaterial what the property
may be, for an act of Congress may exempt
any property they think proper—-he owns prop-
erty which is exempted from execution under
an act of Congress; he lives alongside of me ;
that property of his cannot be taken. I own
property not greater in point of value which
the exception does not embrace ; my property
can be taken.
Property is excepted by act of Congress from
seizure for debt in the State of Michigan, and
there happens to be no such property within
the limits of the State of Maryland. All the
property that the Maryland debtors held can
be taken, but the property which the Michi-
gan debtors held, if it bo property covered by
the exception, cannot be taken; so that the
law in that particular operates one way practi-
cally in Michigan and another way practically
in Maryland. That is to say, the Michigan
debtor continues, notwithstanding his bank-
ruptcy, the owner of his property; the Mary-
land debtor is not the owner because it is not
excepted by the act of Congress.
Before the decision in the case of Sturgis vs.
Crowninshield, reported in 4 Wheaton, it was
a very general opinion that the States had the
authority to pass bankrupt laws, or at least
insolvent laws that might result in the same
way. It was not until that decision that it was
decided that the right of the States to pass
laws of that kind was disputed. In the subse-
quent case of Ogden vs. Saunders, reported in
12 Wheaton, another question arose. The case
of Sturgis vs. Crowninshield was decided on
the ground that an insolvent law of a State
freeing the debtor from all his debts was invalid
bccausc of the inhibition in the Constitution
of the United States against a State passing
laws impairing the obligation of contracts. The
court held in that case that the States might
pass laws which would affect the remedy, and
as under the laws as they existed in the States
or in the United States one of the remedies left
to the creditor to enforce the collection of his
debt as against the debtor was imprisonment;
they could pass a law relieving a debtor from
imprisonment, but they could not pass a law
relieving him from the obligation to pay the
debts or discharging from liability because of
that obligation any property that he might
thereafter acquire.
In the second case the question was presented
whether a State law which discharged a debtor
from all obligation for his debts was valid as
between himself and a citizen creditor upon a
debt contracted subsequent to the passage of
the State law; and the Supreme Court held by
a majority that such a law would be valid; and
the} further decided in deciding that case that
there was nothing to prohibit a State from
passing a bankrupt law or an insolvent law in
the mere existence of the power conferred upon
Congress on the subject until Congress should
exercise the power, and then that the State
law would be valid unless it was found actually
to conflict with the provisions of the bankrupt
law of the United States.
Now, Mr. President, I will not state as
strongly as I should otherwise have done that,
in my judgment, the objection is wholly un-
founded, constitutionally, because the honor-
able chairman and those -Who concurred with
him upon the committee think that it is a very
clear andwell-fonnded objection ; but for the
soul of me, irrespective of that authority, I
cannot imagine what charge of want of uni-
formity there is in a law which operates as a
law alike in every State in the Union. The
law in Maryland is, that whatever is exempted
by her own laws from execution is to be exempt.
The law in Maine is, that whatever is exempted,
if she has an exemption law in that State, is to
be exempted from the operation of this law. It
operates alike. It does not exempt property
to the like amount; but it operates as a law
equally in the one State as in the other.
Now, suppose that in point of fact—and that
is a way, I think, to test it—there were exemp-
tion laws in every State, and the amount of the
exemption was precisely the same in each
State, and this law proposed to give the ben-
efit of that exemption to all the bankrupts,
would it not be uniform? It would be uniform,
then, because it would operate alike every-
where in one respect; it would save from ex-
cution property of a like amount in each State.
But the idea is that if there happens to bo a
difference in the amount of property which the
States have respectively exempted from taxa-
tion that of itself shows, if we retain this clause,
that'the law will not operate uniformly. Now,
Mr. President, the'whole effect, as I think, of
'the bill is this: the creditors now of these
bankrupts are prohibited from making their
debts out of a certain description of property;
that is all. They havejio relief, therefore, any-
where, for these exemption laws have been
recognized as constitutional, and being consti-
tutional the only way in which they can be
avoided, if they can be avoided at all, is to
strike at them by means of a bankrupt law,
and that we cannot do unless we desire to
appropriate to the payment of debts property
which is not liable to the payment of debts
under the existing State laws, unless we place
in the hands of the creditor property belonging
to his debtor to which now he has no recourse,
being protected by the State laws. The whole
effect, therefore, of -this provision is, that we
give to the creditor all that the creditor'ean
obtain ; and as I said, and for the same reason,
the operation of the law is everywhere the same.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not propose to enter into
the discussion of this question, but it is-a very
important one, and I suppose one upon the de-
cision of which the votes of a good many Sen-
ators on the bill itself will depend. I should
like to know of the- Senator from Vermont
whether or not, if this bill shall be enacted
into a law, as he desires that it shall be, it will
be possible for any of the States to change their
exemption laws. For example, suppose that
in the State of Iowa there is an exemption of
$1,000 and in the State of Illinois of $5,000;
we have a community of interests; our popu-
lation are embarked in about the same char-
acter of business; and there is about a uniform
amount of wealth probably distributed among
the population. If the interests of Iowa, in
the opinion of our General Assembly, required
that our exemption law should be made to cor-
respond with that of the State of Illinois, would
it be possible for us to increase the exemption
from $1,000 to $5,000, so as to correspond with
that of Illinois?
Then I should' like to have him answer me
whether or not, if this bill shall pass, it will bo
possible for the State of Nebraska, for exam-
ple, that will come into the Union a week after
the approval of this law without any exemption
law, to establish a homestead exemption law,
and exclude from the operation of the Federal
bankrupt law such descriptions of property as,
in the opinion of the General Assembly of that
State, the welfare of the State may require, but
which is not provided for in the bankrupt law?
And I should like to know whether or not it
will be possible for any of the States that have
not now upon 'then- statute-books provisions
for homestead exemptions, and do not place
them there before the enactment of this bank-
rupt bill into a law, to do so afterward?
Mr. POLAND. "Mr. President, J hardly
know by what right the Senator-from Iowa re-
quires my opinion upon'the questions he puts,
more than that of-any otherSenator. It is true
that by the peculiar condition in which this bill
was placed in the-Committee on the Judiciary
who have had it in charge it'fell to me to report
the bill as the organ of a majority of that com-
mittee to the Senate. The subject is one that
I have never very deeply studied. The bill
itself is one that originated in the House of
Representatives and passed there, and is the
work in the main, as I understand, of a Rep-
resentative from Rhode Island, a gentleman
who has given very great attention to the sub-
ject, [Mr. Jencees.]
So far as regards the question that the Sen-
ator puts, as to whether, if this bill shall he-
come a law with this provision in it as it came
from'the House, it-will be in the power of the
State Legislatures to make future exemptions
different from what are provided for in this
bill, 1 am of the opinion—if it will do the Sen-
ator any good or any harm—'that they will not
have the power; that this bill will cover the
whole ground, and that it will not be in the
power of the Legislatures of the several States
afterward to make additional and greater pro-
visions, so that a bankrupt could retain prop-
erty against his creditors under a proceeding
under this law by virtue of those future ex-
emptions.
In relation to the -admission of new States
and what may be done hereafter, those are
matters that I have not considered at all, and
the gentleman's opinion is just as good on that
subject as mine. I am not aware that it would
elucidate'the question that is before the Senate
if I were prepared to give the Senator my own
opinion on the subject.
While I am up, Mr. President, let me say a
word in reference to the pending question.
When the bill was before'the Senate some two
weeks ago 1 gave my own view, in a few words,
in relation to it, and as to whether this pro-
vision in the bill rendered it unconstitutional
so that it was not a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy within the meaning of that term in the
Constitution of the United States. The ob-
jection is, that because these State exemption
laws are different in their terms, the laws of
one State exempting more in favor of the
debtor and his family than the laws of another
State, therefore the system is not uniform.
It seems to me that the bill is not open to this
objection, even with this provision in the bill
as it passed the House. I am aware, as has
been stated by several Senators, that tho pro-
visions of the laws of the several States are
different in this respect. Some of them ex-
empt a larger number and value of articles of
personal property than others. There is a
very considerable difference in the amount of
real estate that a debtor or his family may re-
tain against his creditors. The New England
rule is $500; in New York it is $1,000; in the
western States it is still larger; in the Pacific
States it is larger still, going as high in the
State of California, as the Senator from Cali-
fornia has told us, as $5,000.
It seems to me, Mr. President, that there is
very great force in tho suggestion that was
made by the Senator from California in rela-
tion to this very subject: that while the Legis-
latures of the several States intended to pro-
vide for a poor debtor that he should retain such
an amount of personal property and such a homo
for his family as was necessary to keep them
alive, furnish them a reasonable and comforta-
ble home, the amount and value of property
that is required for that purpose is very differ-
ent in different localities, in different portions
of our large, extended country, and the. Legis-
