1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.. The affirmative of the • question as to the
power to impose such a condition was argued
with very great ability in the House of Repre-
sentatives by Mr._ Sergeant, a- Representative
from Pennsylvania; and others, and by Mr.
King, then a distinguished member of this
body from the State of New York, and whose
whole career served to add to the reputation
of his country both'at home and abroad. But
in all the debates that have since occurred it
has been- received as a political maxim grow-
ing out of the very nature of our institutions,
that these States must be in all respects equal.
And in that debate—I speak what 1 think I rec-
ollect distinctly—it was not pretended that
Congress possessed any authority to impose
any other condition than that which had its
seat in a high moral and religious principle,
because in their judgment slavery itself was a
crime, and it could not be that the Congress
wf the United States would be forced to admit
into the Union a State and give it, or without
guarding against it, the power to perpetuate a
crime—a crime in the eye of humanity, a crime
in that Higher Eye, a crime in the judgment of
one above who sways the harmonious mysteries
of the world. But so far as related to any mere
political condition, looking to mere measures
of policy alone, looking above all others to the
question of franchise, there was not a man who
engaged in the debate in favor of affixing to
the admission of that State into the Union the
condition that slavery should not exist, who
pretended to maintain the right of affixing any
mere political condition which would place the
State to be admitted in a condition of inequality
with regard to her sisters. :
Now, let me test the opposite doctrine for a
moment and see to what it will lead. As I
have stated, and in that I am sure I cannot be
contradicted, the States before the Constitu-
tion was adopted were all equal; I mean in
political rights. When the Constitution was
adopted that equality was preserved and all
their powers remained just as they were before,
and equal with reference to each other as they
were before, except so far as they had been
delegated to the Government of the United
States expressly or by fair implication. They
have a great many rights, important rights to
them as people and as States. No taxes or
imposts can be imposed that are not equal
everywhere. Every citizen of every State has
the same right to resort to the judiciary of the
United States as any citizen of any other State.
The citizens of every State have the same
right and the States have the same right to
be heard in the Electoral College upon an
equal footing with the other States. They
have the same right to be represented in the
House of Representatives; they have the same
right to be represented in this Chamber; and
upon the contingency of there being no pop-
ular election of a President and the matter is
referred, as the Constitution provides, to the
House of Representatives to determine, in
such a contingency each State votes, and votes
equally with all other States. Slow, which of
these rights can you take away? Can you
take away the right of being heard in the Elect-
oral College? Nobody will pretend that that
can be done by making it a condition of the ad-
mission of a State into the Union? Can you
provide that they shall not be entitled to the
benefit of the equality which the Constitution
says shall be preserved in the exercise of the
taxing power? Nobody will pretend that.
Can you take from them the right to go into
the courts of the United States, to be repre-
sented in the House of Representatives, to be
heard, if the contingency happens which ren-
ders it necessary, in the House of Represent-
atives in determining who shall be the President
of the United States, there being a failure to
decide that question by the popular vote ?
Mr. BROWN. We can take away from
them the right to do wrong.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the right to do
wrong? Letine tell the honorable member it
is wrong, in one sense, for the State of Rhode
Island to have two Senators here and for the
State of New York to have but two. Why is
it not wrong? Is it right in the abstract, not
in the particular? If the honorable member
cannot say that it is right, then he admits that
it is wrong. What is the wrong? The wrong
here is said to be the exclusion from the
franchise of certain of her citizens. Is it
wrong to exeludethe female, who is not included
in this amendment? Is it wrong to exclude
because of age or because the parties have
reached a certain age? That is not pretended
by this amendment. Is it wrong to enforce a
property qualification? That is not pretended
by this amendment. Is it wrong to require
any specific residence for the voter or for the
party to be voted for? That is not included
in this amendment. And yet in each of such
provisions the man who is under twenty-one
may, in one sense, be said to suffer a wrong
because he is denied a right; the woman under
or over twenty-one may be said to suffer a
wrong; and the honorable member from Mis-
souri is evidently of that opinion, and he ought
to include them in this amendment; because,
if I recollect aright, the other day he voted to
admit the female to the right of suffrage upon
the ground that that was right. If it was right
to admit them to exercise the suffrage here in
the District of Columbia it is right to admit
them to exercise the suffrage in the contem-
plated State of Nebraska; and being right the
failure to give it, if the honorable member has
the authority to give it—and he sayshe has—isa
wrong; and yet he does not propose to redress
that wrong. Upon that point, then, I conclude
with saying that in my judgment there is noth-
ing in the power which we have to admit new
States which justifies our incorporating into
the constitutions which they present any such
condition as is contained in the amendment
offered by my friend from Missouri.
I now proceed, Mr. President, with the in-
dulgence of the Senate and yourself, to say a
word upon the other ground on which I under-
stand the power to adopt an amendment of
this description is placed, upon that part of the
the Constitution of the United States which has
been termed very correctly theguarantee section
or the guarantee clause. If it can be maintained
under that clause, it can only be because a con-
stitution which denies to any of the citizens the
right to vote is not republican. That would
lead to very perilous consequences. What
State is there in the Union that admits every-
body to vote who has the age and the residence
which their laws require, even supposing they
have a right to prescribe age and residence?
Not one, as far as I am advised. Which of the
States represented in the Convention of 1787,
and which afterward adopted through their
people the Constitution framed by that Con-
vention, admitted all to vote who had the pre-
scribed age and residence? Not one. Most
of them required a property qualification, more
odious than anything else, as the people after-
ward were taught to believe; whether correctly
or not, I do not stop to inquire. Were they,
and are those States where it does now exist,
republican States ? Is the want of the universal
right of voting a want which makes the consti-
tution of the State where it exists other than
republican? Or, to use the language of the
clause, doesit cease to be of a republican form?
If it is not of a republican form now, it was not
then. Now, let us see where that will lead us;
into what, I was about to say, absurdity that
nacessarily conducts us.
The clause, it is said, by which the United
States guaranty to every State in this Union
a republican form of government embraces
forms of government existing in the States then
or thereafter which did not admit to an equal
right of suffrage all the citizens. Do you think
that was the view of the Convention ? In the
first place, how were they selected? Selected
by the people of the States, or the Legislatures
of the States then in existence. They repre-
sented, therefore, their respective States. Their
object was, not to destroy, not to change the
forms of government which their States had
adopted, but to preserve and to protect them—
nothingelse. The inefficiency of the Articles of
Confederation had been demonstrated. Life,
liberty, and happiness, which the Declaration
of Independence proclaimed to be inalienable,
were, it was supposed, in imminent jeopardy
because of the demonstrated inefficiency of the
Government of the Confederation; and the
Convention therefore met to accomplish what,
as they declared in the preamble to the Con-
stitution, they thought they had accomplished,
provisions far the organization of a Government,
which would form a more perfect Union, estabr
lish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide
for the common defense, promote the general
welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty for
themselves and their posterity, of course, for-
ever. Did they propose to accomplish that,
and did they think they had accomplished it by
framing a Constitution which was to annul it
in a particular which every man in every State
claimed to be an invaluable right, the author-
ity of the State to regulate suffrage for itself?
The result would be that a Government in-
tended to be composed of States, tinder a Con-
stitution which said that the United States was
to guaranty to every State a republican form of
government in its very birth, not only commu-
nicated a power to the United States, but made
it the duty of the United States to assail every
State constitution. A power to guard against
domestic violence, a power to bring about a
more perfect Union, a power to establish just-
ice, and to secure the blessings of liberty to
themselves and their posterity forever, is sup-
posed to have been intended for the purpose
of vesting in the Government created for the
very purpose of accomplishing these ends the
power to -destroy the governments who were
thus to .be more absolutely united together!
That cannot be so.
But is there a doubt about it? Contemporary
construction, to be ascertained by what is not
done as well as by what is done, is a familiar
rule of interpretation, not only persuasive, but
controlling. Was it ever attempted before?
Never. Manhood suffrage, as it is termed, a
right supposed to exist in the mere fact of man-
hood, became in many of the States a subject
of party contest, and it prevailed. Universal
manhood suffrage almost was granted; limited
suffrage was destroyed; property was no longer
considered as necessary to give the right; it
was supposed to be found in the fact that man
was man, and had a right to a voice in the Gov-
ernment which was to control or to have author-
ity over his rights as a man. But this question
was debated among the States inter se. Nobody
ever dreamed that the United States had any
authority, and the United States not only never
attempted to exert it, but as far as I am advised,
(and I believe my knowledge upon the subject
is accurate,) no member of Congress until the
last few years ever suggested it. And even
now the committee of fifteen, of which I was
a member, in the measures which they thought
proper to adopt and recommend, did not under-
take to interfere with the right of the States to
regulate the suffrage. They forbore to do that;
and they forbore to do it upon the ground that
it was a right which not only belonged to the
States, but which should belong to the States.
All that they did was to provide, and that by a
constitutional amendment, necessarily there-
fore conceding that the Constitution as it stands
gave no such power, that upon the adoption
of that amendment, which would then become
a part of the Constitution, the representation
of a State that might exclude from the right of
suffrage any portion of its citizens should in
that proportion be reduced; and that is all.
But who was to vote was left to the States jnst
as it was before. It has never been pretended
by any one, except by one or two gentlemen
who seem to be in advance of the age, and, if
I might be permitted to say so, of any age that
we shall ever know, that it would be conducive
to the interest- of the whole that the Government
of the United States should have the power to
regulate the right of suffrage in the Spates.
IIow would it be in California or Nevada or
Oregon ? What my brother from Oregon [Mr,
