190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
Williams] aska, perhaps, cannot be accom-
plished. He proposed a resolution this morn-
ing to regulate or to prohibit the immigration
of the Chinese into the States on the Pacific.
Suppose he cannot do it. I doubt very much
whether he can. That is a subject, however,
oil which I must not be understood as giving
an opinion. Suppose it cannot be accom-
plished. They are therenow to a large extent
and cannot be driven oat except for crime. I
suppose that will be conceded. One of these
days some gentleman who is as foncLof party as
my friend from Michigan, may find itnecessary
to the success of a presidential election to have
the Chinese vote. Howisheto doit? Nevada
will not let him vote; Oregon will not permit him
t<5 vote; California will notpermithimtovote.
Oh, but party looms up; "the Chinese will
adopt my policy,"—my friend from Michigan
has a "policy" as well as President Johnson,
—and " my President cannot be electcd unless
they are authorized to vote." Well, as you in
Oregon will not do what is right, as you are
blind to the interest of party, you must be made
to do what is right; you must be made to do
something that will inure to the interests of
party; and if I cannot do it in any other way,
if I cannot get the Constitution amended, I will
invoke the guarantee clause. The constitution
of Nevada, that of Oregon, that of California
excludes the Chinese who are men—I do not
suppose even my friend from Missouri supposes
they are women [laughter]—from the right of
suffrage. Each of them is not a government
republican in form, and our duty is to have it
so; and as the honorable member from Mich-
igan said in his speech to-day, the duty being
imposed on Congress, and the power with which
to perform that duty being given to Congress
to guaranty to each State a republican form
of government, it can only be done, Congress
having no otherpower, by means of legislation,
and we will by legislation provide that my
friend's [Mr. Williams's] voting constituents
shall basthese Chinese 1 How long would the
people of the Pacific States remain in theUnion?
They are loyal I know, as loyal as any States
in the Union, as wedded to it, as determined
not to leave it; but how long would it be before
they would lose their love for it if Congress was
to undertake to say that they should be sub-
jected even to the votes of the Chinese who are
there now, or to that immense mass of Chinese
population that is sure to spread itself over
these Pacific States, if they are permitted to
become immigrants to the United States? I
do not think they would stay an hour, unless
they have some peaceable remedy—not exer-
cising any right of secession, that is dead, but
exercising that inherent right which belongs to
every State and every people to war against
tyranny.
Now, Mr. President, a word or two upon
the actual meaning of that clause. The Sen-
ate will see by looking at the clause that it
really contains three guarantees. The first is a
republican form of government; the second is to
protect the States from invasion from without;
the third is to protect them against domestic
violence. The latter power is not to be exerted
unless the government, where the domestic vio-
lence arises, calls upon the Executive through
the Governor, if the Legislature is not in ses-
sion, or the Legislature calls upon the Execu-
tive here for aid. The other two are absolute
—to guaranty a republican form of govern-
ment—how, when, through what instrument-
ality the clause does not tell us—to guard each
State against invasion. That we can under-
stand, although the clause does not tell us. It
can only be by meeting the invader and driving
him from the limits of the State. To protect
each State "against domestic violence when
called for in the manner provided for by the
clause we can also ascertain; it is to put it
down. Butwhatis the "form of government"
which is included in the clause 1 What is the
government? If I understand it, it is not to
protect the Governor or the executive officers,
.whoever they may be, or the legislative depart-
ment of the State from any violence, for that is
included in the provision that the government
is to be protected from such violence. What,
then, does it mean ? It means this and only this:
whenever the criminal ambition of those who
are in the possession of it induces them to per-
vert its powers and to assail the people, that
the people are to be protected against any
change in the form of government that may
be brought about by such causes. There is
nothing more clear than that, as I think.
Take the State of my friend from Oregon
[Mr. Williams] by way of illustration. 1 do
not select that because it is more likely to hap-
pen there than anywhere else. , The govern-
ment does not mean the constitution; that re-
mains ; but the government existing by force
of the constitution coming into power under
its provisions turn traitors to it: they assume
the tyrant, violate the rights of the citizen,
usurp powers not granted, exert powers pro-
hibited, and establish as among themselves a
government wholly discharged from all the'
guards and protection which belong to the
constitution under which they came into power,
and that government is not republican in
form. It becomes known to the United States;
the people .complain; they want to be pro-
tected ; and the contingency then happens,
and then happens for the first time, when it
becomes the duty of the General Government
to stand between the usurped government
and the people over whom they are tyranniz-
ing, and reestablish the government which was
republican in point of form, by protecting the
people against its abuse and the substitution
of another which was not republican in point
of form.
There must be some mode by which you are
to ascertain whether any government is repub-
lican in point of form for this very obvious
consideration: the United States are to guaranty
each State a republican form of government.
My friend from Massachusetts says, and my
friend who offers this amendment says, that
to exclude the black man from voting shows
that the government is not republican in point
of form. Why ? Was he not excluded when
the Constitution was adopted in every State in
the Union, or almost every State in the Union?
Yes. Did not the States that adopted it do it
under the impression that they were States
republican in point of form? Did not the
Convention that inserted in the Constitution
this guarantee go upon the assumption that the
States were republican in point of form? Why,
certainly, unless they intended to break up all
the States. That we know they did not intend;
and not intending that, can it be supposed that
they designed by this clause to place it in the
hands of Congress to decide from time to time,
as passions might be excited, party spirit pre-
vailed, the exigencies of party success de-
manded, to interfere with the State governments
by bringing into the enjoyment of the elective
franchise those whom the States had excluded?
Not only that, if the proposition is true it goes
a step further than that; if possible, infinitely
further. Does it give to the United States the
authority to interfere with any of the existing
rights belonging to the States at the time they
adoptedtheConstitution? Ifitdid,thenevery-
thing was thrown afloat; the United States then,
by its Congress, is to become a great conven-
tion, not only to deliberate for the interest and
safety of the people of the United States, but
for what they may believe from time to time
is to be the interest and the safety of the people
of each State in the management of its own
domestic concerns.
There is a rule, and it is the only rule, as I
think, consistent with what must have been
the intention of the Convention and of the
people,.and that is this: that every govern-
ment is republican in point of form which cor-
responds with the governments in existence
when the Constitution was adopted. AH rights
secured by positive constitutional provision,
all powers prohibited by positive constitutional
prohibition, that were secured or prohibited in
the several State constitutions of the States
whose representatives framed the Constitution
and whose people adopted the Constitution,,
are perfectly consistent with our idea and the
people's idea of what constitutes a republican
form of government. There is no other rule
by which you can construe the clause that will
not place every State in the power of the Uni-
ted States, exercising that power through the
Congress of the United States, which from
time to time that body may think actually or
professedly will conduce to the interest of the-
people of each State, and give them what thay
consider to be a government republican in
point of form.
Mr. President, no Constitution can endure
even for years, much less for the future when
our posterity will be here and we gone, which
contains such a power in the General Govern-
ment. Leave to the States the rights and the
powers existing in the States that formed the
Constitution, and leave them all in the same
condition in relation to the States who have in
the past become members of the Unjon or who
may in the future become members of the
Union, and the country will endure. Some
one State, by the folly of its people, or some
sections may seek to leave it and to destroy
it, but the last five years show that such an
effort will be futile, will inure in nothing
but in desolated households, ravaged fields,
and the annihilation for the time of all the
subjects of enterprise and of industry, which
it will take years to revive.
I have no fear, therefore, unless we com-
mit, or those who are to follow us commit,
outrages upon the rights of the people which
will authorize them, in the exercise of the in-
herent power of revolution, to rise up fn their
majesty and establish another form of Govern-
ment, or rather to insist upon having preserved
the Government in the form which our fathers
intended—unless that is done, I have no fear
but that the political institutions of the United
States will endure for ages and I trust forever,
extending as they now do from ocean to ocean,
distributing their blessings everywhere, and
enabling them with perfect assurance to feel no
apprehension, and that they never will be called
upon to feel any apprehension against any vio-
lence from within or any invasion from abroad.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Missouri,
by striking out all after the word " color" in
the fifth line and inserting the words I send to
the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) The Chair understands that
there is an amendment to an amendment now
pending—the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowax] to the amendment
of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Brows,]
and a further amendment is not now in order.
It maybe read for theinformation of the Senate,
however.
The Secretary read the proposed amendment
to the amendment, which was to strike out all
after the word "eolor" in the fifth line and to
insert:
And upon the further fundamental condition that
the Legislature of said State, by a solemn public a<st,
shall declare the assent of said Stato to the said fun-
damental condition, and shall transmit to the Presi-
dent of the United States an authentic copy of said
act, upon receipt whereof the President, by procla-
mation, shall forthwith announce the fact, whereupon
said fundamental condition shall be held as a part
of the organic law of the State, and thereupon, and
without any further proceeding on the part of Con-
gress, tiie admission of said State into the TJnion shall
be considered as complete. Said State Legislature
shall be convened by the territorial Governor within
thirty days after the passage of this act.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that the Senator
from Missouri will accept this amendment to
his amendment, if permitted to do so, and I
trust that the Senator from Ohio, who has the
charge of this measure, will concur in it, and
that by common consent we shall agree to this
amendment, and then pass the bill as amended.
Mr. WADE. I should like to hear it read
again. I do not know that I understood it.
The Secretary again read the proposed
amendment.
Several Senators, Read the pending amend-
ment as it will stand if amended.
