954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
latures of the several States in providing how
much should answer that requirement had only
made this equal; and when Congress say that
a person who goes into bankruptcy, or who is
forced into bankruptcy under the provisions
of this bill, shall be entitled to this amount of
real and personal property for the support of
himself and family, they have referred to a
rule which is made equal by the Legislatures
of the several States, varying according to the
different circumstances of each.
But however that may be, whether the idea
is a sound one or not, it seems to me clear that
the rule which this bill establishes is a uniform
one. Now, it is not questioned but what the
Legislatures of the several States have a right
to pass these exemption laws. The general
current of decisions in the State courts has been
that they have a right to exempt property, either
real or personal, from debts that already exist.
There have been individual decisions in some
of the State courts that an exemption law was
not valid so far as it regarded a debt that then
existed ; but the great majority in the current
of decisions in the State courts has been that
these exemptions, larger exemptions of per-
sonal or real property, were valid even as against
existing debts. I am aware that there is not an
entire uniformity of decisions upon that sub-
ject ; but the general power of the States to
pass exemption laws has never been ques-
tioned, and it is perfectly well settled and estab-
lished throughout the country.
Now, what does this bill propose to do?
What does the section of the bill which is now
in question propose ? Merely this: that we
pass a bankrupt law, we establish a system of
bankruptcy, by which every dollar of property
in every State that is subject to the man's
debts may be taken and appropriated. It ad-
ministers upon the property of every bank-
rupt throughout the entire country, and takes
all his property that is by the existing law
subject to the payment of his debts. In that
respect it is certainly a uniform system ; and
it seems to me that that is all that can be re-
quired of Congress in order to make the sys-
tem uniform. Whether it is in our power,
whether we may entirely uproot these home-
stead exemption laws in the different States,
is not now in question; but, in my judgment,
we may preserve them and still retain such
uniformity as to make our bankrupt law valid
under the existing provision of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. It is certainly very
desirable to do so. No laws that have been
passed by the States have met with more favor
m every community than these laws in favor
of poor debtors, exempting property both real
and personal, and especially exempting realty,
that is, what has been termed the homestead
laws of the different States. There are no
laws in all the States to which the people are
more attached, none that have been more
beneficial in their operation.
As I had occasion to say the other ctays it
those lawsmust be uprooted, if they must be
cast aside in order to make room for a bank-
rupt law, of course it is idle to ask either this
body or the other House of Congress to pass a
bankrupt law. In the condition of things in
this country and under the State legislation
it has become impossible to have a general
bankrupt law unless we can have one with
such a provision in it as this bill contains. It
is perfectly certain that without this provision
a bankrupt bill cannot be passed, and if it can-
not be passed with such a provision as this in
it without being subject to the objection that is
made by the chairman of the committee and
by other gentlemen, then we must go without it.
Considerable stress seemed to be laid by the
Senator from Illinois upon the fact that this
portion of this section had been struck out by
the Judiciary Committee of the Senate. It
perhaps may withdraw^ some of the force of
that statement when it is known that it was by
a bare majority of that committee that this was
struck out.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, the
question now before the Senate is a pure ques-
tion of law as to the power of legislation in the
Government; a question whether this is a gen-
eral law, or whether it is one of those things
that are exceptional. I always dislike to dis-
agree with the chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary, for whom I have great respect;
but I understand that as a general law, passed
for the benefit of all citizens, it comes within
the general purview of the powers of Congress.
I make a single expression for the purpose of
communicating my idea as to that single point.
Then more, I desire to say, and I am only
about repeating what I have said some years
since, there is no civilized Government in
Europe that has not such a law. The pro-
vision in relation to the power to pass such a
law was placed in the Constitution of the United
States by persons who understood that it was
necessary to carry on commerce and the rela-
tions of merchants in that way. It was at-
tempted in 1813, and by ignorant legislation it
had to be repealed. It was again repeated in
1841, and then by carelessness and inconsider-
ate action it had to be repealed shortly after-
ward. Those two facts having been a part of
onr political history, most politicians were
afraid to vote for a bankrupt bill, not under-
standing. I think, that to give the creditor his
right and the debtor his right and to settle con-
troversies was an obligation to impose upon
the people and that the Government should
impose. In the war of 1812 the country was
bankrupted, and some of the ablest and best
men were placed within prison bounds, and
they had great difficulty to get means enough
to support their families. Some of the most
able men were prevented from engaging in
large enterprises to develop the resources of
the country. It has thus continued from that
time until this time, although it was worse then
than it is now.
This law has been called for by all legislation
of high, intelligent States. It was provided for
in the Constitution of 1T87. It has been prom-
ised by every party in the countx-y. It is pledged
by the Republican party, pledged by the Dem-
ocratic party, as a thing due to the people, and
I have long sought to see the thing done, having
been in office and taken some interest in these
things for more than a decade. I trust that the
conduct of this matter may be left to the gen-
tleman who reports the measure from the com-
mittee, andlthinkwe can all trust his judgment.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, I have ever
been in favor of a bankrupt law. I simply rise
to state that if this amendment be adopted, and
this provision securing the exemptions pro-
vided for by the States be stricken out, I cer-
tainly cannot vote for the bill. We have' in our
State a very moderate exemption, consisting, I
think, of eighty acres of land in the country or
a town lot in a city or town, and upon these
little sanctuaries families have enshrined them-
selves. Driven out by the exactions and per-
secutions of heartless creditors in the Bast,
they have sought an asylum in the West, and
by these liberal laws of our States have been
protected. The purpose of the committee now
is to destroy this protection. For myself, I
shall vote against the amendment, and if it
shall be adopted I shall vote against the whole
bill on its passage.
Mr. STEWART. I shall vote against strik-
ing out this exemption and against this amend-
ment of the committee, although in committee
I am not certain which way I did vote. I wish
to state the reason why I am inclined to vote
against the report of the committee. I regard
it as a matter of great importance to have a
bankrupt law passed. I believe that It will
relieve a great many persons who are in a
hopeless condition without it; I believe the
country needs it; I believe that at the present
time it would relieve a great many enterprising
men who would thereby be enabled to add to
the wealth of the country. It ia desirable that
they should be liberated, if it can be done. On
the other hand, these homestead exemption
laws have so far entered into the system of the
country, particularly, in the West and on the
Pacific, and have operated so beneficially, that
it will be a great calamity to disturb them. I
am satisfied that if it is necessary to disturb
them the bill will not become a law. Inas-
much as there is a very serious question whether
the Judiciary Committee are not mistaken,
whether this law cannot be passed, whether
it will not be enforced by the courts—a grave
question which must ultimately be determined
by the courts—I am in favor of retaining the
clause and allowing the courts to pass upon it.
If declared unconstitutional, there would be
no great harm done; if declared constitutional,
the bankrupt law will be in harmony with our
homestead exemption laws and will be satis-
factory to everybody. I consider it so import-
ant to have a bankrupt law and so important
to retain our homestead exemption laws, and
the question being acknowledged by all to be a
question of considerable doubt, I think we had
better retain the clause so as to bring the ques-
tion before the courts and have it determined.
I wish to retain the clause in order that the
courts may determine whether, consistent with
our established system of homestead laws in
the States which are working beneficially, we
can have a bankrupt bill at all. It is the only
way to bring it before the courts and have it
determined, and I am in favor of doing it.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator says he is going
to vote for this proposition so that the courts
may decide upon the question; and if they
decide that it is unconstitutional no great harm
will be done. Why, sir, if they decide it to be
unconstitutional the effect will be, as I under-
stand, to sweep away the State exemptions in
favor of debtors, to take that property which
the State has exempted and turn it into the
fund of the assignee designated to administer
upon the bankrupt's estate. It seems to me
that this is a graver question than my friend
from Nevada seems to think it is. If we pass
the law without any provision in regard to home-
steads, or without saying that there shall be an
exemption of such an amount, fixing whatever
amount that may be; if, in other words, we
pass the law as the Senator from Vermont
desires us to pass it, and the courts decidc it
to be unconstitutional, then all our homestead
exemption laws are swept out from under us.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think that that
will be the effect. It seems to me that if it is
declared unconstitutional because it is not a
uniform system that goes to the whole law,
and consequently there will be no harm done.
They say the law is not a uniform system of
bankruptcy.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me that the
proper way to set this forever at rest and to
enable us to understand ourselves what we are
going to do, and for our constituents to know
what we have done, is to incorporate into the
bill some provision declaring that such exemp-
tions shall exist in all the States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the bill, but
this is an addition.
Mr. GRIMES. That will cover the amount
of the homesteads in the States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The difficulty aboutthat
was that in the Pacific States the exemption is
$5,000. They are not willing to reduce that,
as a general rule, and it is so various we found
it impossible.
Mr. McDOUGALL. General laws are not
particular laws, and in legislating for a Gov-
ernment we have to legislate with reference to
the interests of localities. Now, speaking about
the law of California, a $5,000 homestead there
would not be more than $500 in some coun-
tries that I know; that is, as regards enough
for the protection of the family.
Mr. GRIMES. Let no gentleman flatter
himself that the Supremo Court, if they decide
that this clause is unconstitutional, are going
to decide that the whole law is unconstitutional.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why not?
Mr. GRIMES. I am satisfied they will not.
They will decide that the law is uniform in all
respects, but is not uniform in this respect, in-
asmuch as we, in this particular, had no au-
thority to pass it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. That will have to be
