192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December My
stood exactly what I do assent to, and what I
did. I did not state, nor intend to be under-
stood, that when these States had adopted the
constitutional amendment they were entitled
to coine in at all hazards. This is the prop-
osition to which I did assent, and which I
stated, and to which I adhere now. I supposed
that when that constitutional amendment was
adopted by two thirds of the States, so as to
become part and parcel of the Constitution of
the United States, and adopted by the seceded
States, their relations with the General Govern-
ment would be such that they might apply for
admission, and, all other things being equal, I
think I said they ought to be admitted, pro-
vided they came in loyal, provided they placed
their States in harmony with the Union, and
sent loyal men, &e. Then, sir, my pledge and
my understanding was, they being in a condi-
tion to apply, if they were loyal and their States
showed a disposition to be friendly to the Union,
they ought to be admitted; but not barely be-
cause they, out of policy, adopted the amend-
ment to get a foothold here, being disloyal,
showing themselves disloyal, that they were
entitled at all events to be admitted. That I
did not mean.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Ohio
of course has a right to correct me if I did not
state his position correctly. My question was
put to the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
wilson'.] I wish to know what he understood,
whether he agrees with his colleague or with
the Senator from Ohio in relation to the sub-
mission of that constitutional amendment to
the States of the South.
Mr. WILSON. I do not recognize the right
of the Senator from Wisconsin to put a ques-
tion in that form to me; but I say to him, and
I have no hesitation in saying it, that I voted
for the admission ef Tennessee into the Union,
not simply because she adopted the constitu-
tional amendment, but because she had fur-
nished thousands of men to fight our battles;
had abo^shed slavery before the constitutional
amendment prohibiting slavery had been adopt-
ed ; had elected a loyal Governor and a loyal
Legislature and a loyal delegation to Congress;
had given the power by her revised constitution
to her Legislature to confer suffrage upon
her colored men, and her leading statesmen
pledged their faith that her Legislature would
promptly do that act of justice, wisdom, and
policy. I believe that those pledges will be
redeemed and that Tennessee will lead the van
among the States in giving suffrage to the
freedmen. I believed then and I believe now
that the vote for the admission of Tennessee
weakened the enemies of the black man and
strengthened his friends.
But I know of no other State that went into
the rebellion that is in any respect in her con-
dition. We passed no act compelling us to
admit, rebel States on the adoption of the con-
stitutional amendment. We are bound by no
pledges, and after the action we have witnessed
during the past few months, patriotism and
liberty, justice and humanity, demand that we
should go to the extreme verge- of our power
to protect the loyal men of the rebel States.
For one, sir, I do not intend that this question
shall be settled until every man in those States
is in full possession of his natural rights—the
right to be protected in life, liberty, and prop-
erty, and the right of the ballot to protect life,
liberty, and property. Seven States have already
adopted the constitutional amendment. The
Legislatures of thirteen loyal States meet next
month, and before the 4th of March this con-
stitutional amendment will bo adopted by three
fourths of the States represented in Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. That is enough.
Mr. WILSON. I regard that number as
enough. But whether the amendment be
adopted or not I hold it to be our duty, a duty
that should have presented us from adjourning,
to take the governments of those Spates out of
the hands of the men who now hold those gov-
ernments and who have no moral or legal right
to hold them. Neither the President nor Con-
gress had authority to put those States into
rebel hands as has been done, and we neglect
our duty in permitting rebels to hold these
States for an hour, or in allowing rebels to elect
Governors and Legislatures and govern the loyal
people. I shall go up to the extreme verge
of constitutional power to protect these loyal
people. I believe the only protection the black
men of the South have, or can have, is to weapon
their right hand with the ballot to protect their
lives, their liberties, and their property. If it
be necessary for the protection of his life, lib-
erty, and property that the black man shall
have the ballot, man and God will forever con-
demn hs for withholding it. I give all my
doubts in favor, ijot of the rebel, but of the
loyal black man-:"''
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My honorable friend
from Massachusetts took some little time to
make an answer to the question whether he
agreed with his colleague or whether he agreed
with the Senator from Ohio; but, sir, from
what he says and the purport of what he says,
I understand him not to consider himself or
Congress bound, in any respect, whether the
States of the South do or do not vote for the
amendment; that no act on our part in any
respect has bound the faith of the Government
to those States in case the constitutional amend-
ment should be adopted and they should vote
for it, that it will give to them _ any right to
have their representatives admitted without
imposing the further condition, upon which he
now seems to insist, that they should also give
universal suffrage to all the colored men in
those States. That is the substance of his
statement. But I do not understand the hon-
orable Senator to deny that -Congress did sub-
mit a constitutional amendment to the States,
upon which the States of the South among
others were invited to vote. I believe the
Senator does not take such ground as that.
The Senator from Ohio very distinctly stated
in his speech, and he has said nothing to-day
to qualify it, that this constitutional amend-
ment was submitted to those States, to be voted
upon by those States, accepted or rejected.
That is' enough for all the purpose which I
have in hand at this present moment. What
I desire to say is this: submitting a constitu-
tional amendment to the States of the South is
conceding them to exist as States, with Legis-
latures capable of ratifying or rejecting the
amendment. No man, it seems to me, can
logically say that they have the power to accept
or to reject an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States and at the same time say
that they are neither States nor have any Legis-
latures at all. I know the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumxer] has been
consistent, always maintaining that they were
not States to which a constitutional amend-
ment could be submitted. He has insisted
that the constitutional amendment could not
be submitted to the States of the South, because
he has always consistently maintained that
there were no States there to submit it to.
Mr. SUMNER. Not precisely. No State
governments.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No Legislatures.
Mr. SUMNER. No valid Legislatures.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No valid Legislatures
that could give any valid vote for or against it.
Not so with the Senator from Ohio; not so
with his colleague from Massachusetts; not so
with a majority on this floor. They have con-
tended that they were States; that they had
State Legislatures: that those State Legislatures
were called upon to vote either yes or 110 on
the question of the ratification of the amend-
ment ; and I say there is no man who can
stand up and logically say that they are States,
with Legislatures, with the power to rote ay
or no upon a constitutional amendment chang-
ing the Constitution of the United States, and
in the same breath say that they are not States
and have no Legislatures which can choose
Senators. Men must take position. It is a
question on which there is no neutrality. _ The
men who say that there is a constitutional
amendment now submitted and pending before
them, and that they have-the right to vote ay
or no, cannot deny that they ate States; they
cannot say they have no Legislatures.
Mr. President, this voting on a constitutional
amendment which is to change the fttnda-
mental law not only of their State but the-fun-
damental law of our States also, is the high-
est possible act that can be performed by any
Legislature, much higher than an ordinary act
of legislation which only concerns their own
people, much higher than an act of the Legis-
lature that chooses a Senator; and yet men
say they can vote on a constitutional amend-
ment, accept it or reject it, and yet they are-
incapable of electing a Senator.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Who says that?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I say that is the sub-
stance of the whole argument.
Mr. PESSENDEN. But who says it? \
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That they cannot elect
a Senator?
Mr. PESSENDEN. No; but that they had
now in their present form a sufficient State
government to accept or reject a constitutional
amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the honor-
able Senator from Ohio to say that this consti-
tutional amendment has been submitted to these
States. He says that five of these States have
rejected it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But he does not say it
is legal action.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. How can they reject it
if they have no Legislature to do it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They can assume to do
one thing or the other.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Bat nobody but a Legis-
lature can act upon it at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is all very true.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If they have no Legis-
lature, how can they reject it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will reply to the Sen-
ator after he gets through.
.Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly, if called upon
to vote on the question, a person who has the
power to vote ay has the power to vote no. It
is submitted to the Legislature to vote ay or
no. If they can vote ay, they can vote no,
and if they can vote no they can vote ay, and
the giving them or acknowledging that they have
the power to vote either way acknowledges them
to be States with Legislatures. We cannot say
as the hunter was said to have done when he
loaded his gun and fired, to hit it if it was a deer
and to miss if it was a calf. We cannot say
that we submit a constitutional amendment to
the State, and if they vote a^ they are States
and have joined in the ratification of an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
and if they vote no they are not States and
have no power to vote at all.
Mr. President. I do not wish to continue this
discussion. Indeed I dislike to be drawn into
a discussion of other questions than those that
are precisely the ones pending before the Sen-
ate on the admission of the Territory of Ne-
braska ; but all the Senators who have discussed
that measure have run off on to the question of
the reconstruction of the States of the South
and the constitutional amendment. Therefore,
as that question seems to be before the Senate,
though not necessarily involved in the pending
question, the admission of Nebraska, I wished
to say a single word as bearingron that subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I do
not design to be drawn into any premature
expression of an opinion upon a subject not
, under discussion: and the habit that some
! gentlemen have of asking questions upon mat-
• ters foreign to the subject of debate, as to the
' opinions of Senators, would not have any effect
at all as applied to me, because, in parliament-
ary language, I should say, when such a ques-
tion was put, if I chose to say it, •' It is none
of the Senator's business; he would find it out
when the time came." Now, the Senator from
Wisconsin says that gentlemen must deine
their positions; there is no neutrality; they
must be somewhere or other. We ait know
where he is just at this time, about as near the
equator as ho can get. [Laughter.]
With reference to the question raised by
