1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mt
as I understand, the operation of the law in
one State may be wholly defeated. If the
Legislature of a State sees proper by its legis-
lation to extend its exemption laws it may pro-
tect the property of the debtor so as to directly
defeat the operation of this law.
Mr. POLAND. It is confined to the State
exemptions in 1864.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Why is it confined to
the State exemptions in 1864 ? Is it assumed
that in 1864 the laws were any more equitable
or just? Is this to be a rigid and unchanging
rule that is forever to stand? And this very
part of the provision requiring the laws of
1864 to remain unchanged answers the argu-
ments which the Senator from Nevada urges,
that the State must be allowed to accommo-
date its legislation to its particular circum-
stances, and so if prices go up the exemption
laws must be changed to accommodate them-
selves to the prices of the country, and if they
go down the exemption laws must be again
changed. This bill undertakes to designate a
certain time in the history of this country, (and
it might as well go back ten or twenty-five
years as to go back two,) and declares that the
exemption laws of the States in 18G4, though
they may have been repealed since that time
by the States, shall be incorporated into and
constitute a part of this bankrupt bill.
My opinion on the subject, without giving it
a very thorough examination, is that this pro-
vision is unconstitutional. I do not believe in
this system of allowing men to go in debt and
then exempting them from its payment by any
arrangement that operates upon contracts now
in existence, I care not whether it be State or
congressional legislation. Every man ought
to be compelled to pay his debts as a general
rule. But if a bankrupt law is to be enacted,
in my judgment it should be prospective in its
operations ; and I would not object to voting
for a bankrupt law to operate in futuro if its
terms and provisions were such, as T consid-
ered constitutional and reasonable.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President  
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Nevada what effect this
would have on his State, whether they had
any exemption laws in 1864 ?
Mr. STB YVART. As a Territory we had
territorial exemption laws, and the State con-
stitution continued those laws in force.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then this bill would
lbave you in the condition of being without
any homestead exemption, because the prop-
erty exempted is that allowed " by such State
exemption laws in force in the year 1864.''
Mr. STEWART. We were admitted as a
State in the fall of 1864 under a constitution
that continued in force the territorial, laws
previously passed, so that this would operate
in my State.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The language is, "al-
lowed by such State exemption laws in force
in the year 1804." I was not aware that the
State of Nevada was admitted and had State
exemption laws in force in 1804.
Mr. STEWART. We had territorial ex-
emption laws, and we were admitted as a State
in the fall of 1864 with a constitution that
adopted and continued in force the laws passed
by the territorial Legislature, thus, of course,
continuing in force the territorial exemption
laws, so that the State of Nevada comes under
this provision.
Now, sir, what is the uniformity which the
Constitution requires on this subject? If it
means that the bankrupt law passed by Con-
gress shall be uniform in its practical opera-
tion ; if it means that it shall have the same
practical effect in one State as another, I think
this bill is probably as near a uniform system as
would be the adoption of an arbitrary amount
of exemption applied all over the United States.
Indeed this bill comes nearer to practical uni-
formity in the operation of the law than would
such a provision, because it is to be taken for
granted that the States have regulated their ex-
emptions so that they shall reserve to the debtor
about the same amount of the comforts and
conveniences of life and afford about the same
facility everywhere for reserving a provision
for the family. Each State has, it must be pre-
sumed, made provision on this subject accord-
ing to its own peculiar circumstances. For
example, in some of the new and distant States
and Territories an exemption to the amount
of $000 or $1,000 would be of very little use.
Where flour is worth a. dollar a pound, and
other things are in proportion, an exemption
of $500 to the head of a family would do very
little good; but that exemption in Vermont,
where everything is cheap, would in its practi-
cal operation be a very large exemption.
I admit that this question is not entirely free
from doubt; but inasmuch as it is impossible
ever to get a bankrupt law, if it is to disturb all
these rights that have grown up in the various
States under what may be called their police
regulations, I propose to vote for the bill with
this provision in it. In order to keep their poor
from being a public charge, the States have
said that the law should not take from their
families a certain amount which should be re-
served for the support of those families. The
States, in the exercise of that very wholesome
power, have passed exemption laws which have
been very useful and beneficial and have been
popular everywhere. I say that if we under-
take to interfere with this entire system, which
is ingrafted on the laws of almost every State
of the Union, we shall never be able to have
any bankrupt law. The question being one of
some doubt, as I said in the outset, it is proper
that we should pass the bill as it is, and then
the courts will decide what is meant by " uni-
form laws on the subject of bankruptcy." I
believe they will hold this bill to be constitu-
tional ; and if so we can have a bankrupt law ;
if not we can have none. It seems to me that
in this age every civilized commercial country
should have a bankrupt system. It is a dis-
grace to ns that we have no means of liberating
men of enterprise who happen to have been
unfortunate. Especially is such a law neces-
sary after periods of revolution and civil war.
If we can liberate such men from the burden
of debts heretofore contracted we add to the
prosperity of the community. It is highly im-
portant, as I believe, to have a bankrupt law,
and inasmuch as we cannot get one without
adhering to this clause in the House bill I am
in favor of it and hope it will remain. I see no
such cogent reasons of constitutional law as
deter me from trying the experiment and seeing
if we can adopt this wholesome legislation.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 2, 1867.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, communicating reports from
the heads of the several Executive Depart-
ments of the Government, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of January 12 in-
quiring " whether any person appointed to an
office required by law to be filled by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, and who
was commissioned during the recess of the Sen-
ate previous to the assembling of the present
Congress to fill a vacancy, has been continued
in such office and permitted to discharge its
functions, either by the granting of a new com-
mission or otherwise, since the end of the ses-
sion of the Senate on the 28th day of July last,
without the submission of the name of such
person to the Senate for its confirmation, and
particularly whether the surveyor or naval of-
ficer of the port of Philadelphia has thus been
continued in office without'the'eonsent of the
Senate, and if any such officer has performed
the duties of that office whether he has re-
ceived any salary or compensation therefor
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be,
printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate a report from the Secretary
of War, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of January 30, the
official reports, papers, and other data in rela-
tion to the causes and extent of the late mas-
sacre of United States troops at or near Fort
Phil. Kearney by the Indians; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
George W. Hadden, who calls himself an un-
conditional Union man, of Norfolk, Virginia.
He sets forth certain losses from the rebels of
a bark and also of a steamer and his house,
and says he can get no justice there, for the
civil law in the South is nothing but rebel tyr-
anny, and he asks for compensation for his
losses. I move the reference of his petition
to the Committee on Claims.
It was so referred.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer the petition of
colored soldiers, residents of Beaufort, South
Carolina, praying for an extension of the time
for the payment to the United States of the
balance due for property bought at the sale
held by the United States direct tax commis-
sioner. , As that subject was once before the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia
I ask the reference of this petition to that com-
mittee.
It was so referred.
Mr. HOWARD presented the memorial of
Charles N. Weiss, praying to be allowed a
pension on account of the loss of his left arm
at the battle of Gettysburg; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of officers
of the United States Army, praying for the pas-
sage of a law allowing officers of the Army to
wear the full uniform on all occasions of the
highest grade held by them by brevet or other-
wise in the volunteer service during the late
war ; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented three petitions of officers
of the United States Army, graying for an in-
crease of pay; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. POMEROY presented a memorial of
citizens of Kansas, remonstrating against the
passage of any law authorizing the curtailment
of the national currency, or a return within a
limited time to specie payments; and against
compelling national banks to redeem their notes
in New York, or prohibiting them from paying
or receiving interest on bank balances; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. POMERO Y. I also present a memorial
from Mrs. Benjamin F. Wade, and several
other ladies, who are otficers and managers of
the National Association for the Relief of Des-
titute Colored Women and Children in this Dis-
trict, reciting the manner in which they came
in possession of some property in the District
of Columbia, and also reciting the manner in
which they were dispossessed, and praying for
such action as may secure them from loss in a
law suit instituted against them by Richard S.
Coxe, and protection in carrying out the objects
of the association. I ask that this memorial
may be referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and I should like to have it
printed.
The PRESIDENT pro temporeThe ref-
erence will be ordered, and the motion to print
will go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. POMEROY. The members of the Com-
mittee on Printing are all absent at present.
There is not a member of the committee in the
Senate, and I should like to have the motion
to print acted upon unless it is unavoidable
that it should be referred.
