mt
the congressional glom
i m
specimen of their legislation in reference to the
interests of the colored people.
Now, Mr. President, 1 wish to call your at-
tention, 1 do not hope to call the attention of
the Senate, to one example of the action of the
executive departments of their government. ;
In the city of New Orleans in July last there
was what is popularly called a riot, but which
had none of the features of a riot in it. There
was an assemblage of people calling themselves
a constituted convention, unarmed, met for
the purpose of deliberation ; and that body of i
men were set i|j>on by the authorities of the
city of New Orleajjify-who were armed, not going j
there with warrants to arrest them, but they |
were set upon and shot down, great numbers
of them ; some we are told were shot after they
were arrested, others in the attempt to escape
through the streets of the city. But I shall not
go into the particulars, the details of that trans-
action. An officer of the Army of the United
States, on the spot within two days after it oc-
curred, tells you and tells the American people
that that slaughter was so wanton and so need- |
less that he cannot fail to characterize it as raur- |
der. Who committed the murder? The mu- |
nicipal government of this city of New Orleans, I
existing under this government of Louisiana, j
If any murder was committed there the muuici- j
pality of New Orleans did the murder. No ;
man has ever disputed General Sheridan's !
statement that that transaction was properly
characterized as murder. I do not know when- j
ever a municipal government in this country I
has before been found guilty of engaging in lj
the work of murder. Sir, a government which I
murders does not afford adequate protection to
life and property ; and you must convict Gen-
eral Sheridan of inaccuracy or falsehood or
misapprehension, or you must agree that that
government is guilty of murder, and I take it
no one here will insist that a government
which does not protect life, but which does
feloniously take life, does not afford adequate
protection either to life or property. 1 am
sorry to have detained the Senate so long.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOU3S.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1182) to establish certain
post roads;
A bill (H. R. No. 1185) to render applicable
to seamen in the United States Navy and to
marines the provisions relating to pensions in
the act making appropriations for the civil
expenses for the year ending June 30, 1867,
approved July 28, 1866;
A bill (H. R. No. 1186) to establish the
offices of civil engineer and master mechanics
and master laborer in navy-yards of the United
States;
A bill (H. R. No. 1187) to compensate the
officers and crew of the United States steamer
Kearsarge, for the destruction of the rebel
piratical vessel Alabama ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 290) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of the Navy to grant the use
of guns for trial of Ridgway's battery.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution of the Senate
No. 149, to extend aid and facilities to citizens
of the United States engaged in the survey-of
a route for a ship-canal across the Isthmus
of Darien.
RECESS.
Mr. WILLEY. I move that the Senate
take a recess till seven o'clock p. m.
Mr. CONNESS. Why can w^ not take a
vote now on this subject which has beep dis-
cussed ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Because there is an
amendment to be proposed and discussed.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to inquire of the
honorable Senator from Oregon whether be is
lerions in stating that there is an amendment
to be offered to this bill, coming from ita
friends.
39th Cong. 2d Sbss.—No. 103.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No. I am advised by
the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doo little J
that he has an amendment to offer.
Mr. CONNESS. I have nothing further to
say. I trust the Senate will come to a vote.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend the
motion of the Senator from West Virginia by
fixing the time for reassembling at seven and
a half o'clock; it is now near five o'clock.
Mr. WILLEY. I accept the amendment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
took a recess till seven and a half o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally ;
read twice by their titles and referred as indi-
cated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 1182) to establish certain
post roads—to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post I£pads.
A bill (H, R. No. 1188) to render applica-
ble to seamen in the United States Navy and
to marines the provisions relating to pensions
in the act making appropriations for the civil
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing 30th June, 1867, approved July 28, 1866—
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
A bill (H. R. No. 1186) to establish the
offices of civil engineer and of master mechan-
ics and master laborer in the navy yards of the
United States—to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 1187) to compensate the
officers and crew of the United States steamer
Kearsarge for the destruction of the rebel
piratical vessel Alabama—to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 290) author-
izing the Secretary of the Navy to grant the use
of guns for the trial of Ridgway's battery—to
the Committee on Naval Affeirs.
TRANSPORTATION OF PROVISIONS SOUTH.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 293) author-
ising the employment of a public vessel for'fche
transportation of provisions to the people of
the southern States was read twice by its title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This joint
resolution will be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, if there is no objection.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. I hope that that joint
resolution may be disposed of without a refer-
ence ; I think there can he no objection to it.
Mr. RAMSEY. What is it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a joint resolution
authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to fur-
nish a vessel to transport the gifts of the benev-
olent to the destitute and suffering people in
the South. There is an organization in the
northern States, and I have here some of the
evidences of what they are doing, who are con-
tributing provisions for the supply of the des-
titute ana suffering in the South. ThiB is a
joint resolution which comes from the House
authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to fur-
nish a vessel to take these supplies to the peo-
ple in that portion of the country. I hope
there willifce no objection to it, and that it will
pass at once.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask that the resolution
may be read for the information of the Senate.
The Secretary read the resolution, as fol-
lows:
Be it retolvedt <£<•.. Hint the Secretary of the Navy
be, and ho is hereby, authorized and directed, upon
the application of the contributors, to assign it pub-
lic vessel for the transportation to Charleston, Savan-
nah, and Mobile of any supplies of food or clothing
which may be contributed t>y the people of the uni-
ted States for the use of any portion of the people ot
the southern States who may be suffering from the
failure of crops or other causes, under sochregula-
lations-asmay by the Secretary of the Navy be pre-
scribed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I certainly agree with the
Senator from Illinois, that that is a resolution
fit fco be. passed now. It is perfectly simple,
and I hope there will be no objection to the
present consideration of the resolution and to
its passage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
the unanimous consent of the Senate to con-
sider the joint resolution at this time. No
objection being made, it is before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, to whom was re-
ferred the memorial of Joseph Nock, reported
a recommendation that the further considera-
tion of the memorial be postponed indefinitely;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Jonathan Ball,
praying for an extension of his patent, reported
a recommendation that the further considera-
tion thereof be postponed indefinitely; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom,
was referred the bill (S. No. 526) to extend the
time of letters-patent issued to Daniel Wood-
bury, reported adversely thereon and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1059) for the
relief of Sylvanus Sawyer and William E.
Ward, reported it without amendment.
Mr. CRESWELL, from "the Committee on
the Library, to whom the subject was referred,
reported a joint resolution (S. R. No. 179) to
provide for the exchange of certain public doc-
uments ; which was read and passed to a sec-
ond reading.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 457) to provide for the defense of the
northeastern frontier, reported it with amend-
ments.
JAMES O. COOK.
Mr. WILLEY. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
760.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 760) for the relief
of James C. Cook. It proposes to grant him
leave to make application to the Commissioner
of Patents for an extension of his letters-patent,
which were issued for the term of fourteen
years, from the 27th of July, 1852, for an
improvement in machines for forming button
backs and connecting the eyes thereto, in the
same manner as if he had filed his petition for
an extension at least ninety days prior to the
expiration of the patent, and the Commissioner
of Patents is authorized to consider and deter-
mine the application in the same manner as if
it had been filed ninety days before the expira-
tion of the patent.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
GEORGE B. SIMPSON.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the W^hole, to
consider the bill (S. No. 151) for the relief of
George B. Simpson, which had been reported
adversely by the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Mr. WILLEY. I move that the further
consideration of the bill be indefinitely post-
poned.
The motion was agreed to.
HEIRS OF GEORGE FABKR.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 392) for the relief of the
heirs of George Faber, which had been reported
adversely by the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office. ,
Mr. WILLLEY. I move that the farther corn-
sideration of the bill be indefinitely postponed,
The motion wiw a^e^d to.
