im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
December 19,
All I have to say in conclusion is, that if the
Senator from Ohio and the Senate are desirous
of going on to-night I am content to occupy a
brief space in the argument I have suggested.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator will
yield to me, I will movejjn adjournment.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Tn a moment. I was
going to say that I am willing to deliver my
observations to-night if the Senate desire to
proceed with the discussion to-night: or to
reserve them for a future occasion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
Mr. WADE. With the understandingbefore
suggested, I shall make no objection.
Mr. BROWN. There is no understanding
about it.
Mr. KIRKWOQD. Then let us have the
yeas and nays.
Mr. RAMSEY. If there is no stipulation,
let us vote down the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Buekalew, Craein, Davis.
Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Harris, Henderson,
Hendricks, Morgan, Norton, Patterson, Poland,
Pomeroy, Spraguo, Sumner, Van Winkle, and Wil-
—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Crcswell, Fosk,
Foster, Frelinghnyscn, Howard, Howe, Kirkwood,
Lane, Morrill, Ramsey, Ross, Stewart, Trumbull,
Wilde, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Conness, Cowan, Fes-
genden. Fowler, Grimes, Guthrie, Johnson, McDou-
gall, JScsmith, Nye, Riddle, Saulsbury, and Shor-
man—14.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It seems there is rather
a thin attendance. There are several absentees
who I think have come into the Senate since
the calling of the roll was commenced whose
names were not on the roll. I suggest that the
absentees be called again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The vote
has been taken, and the result announced: and
that matter is not now open for discussion.
Mr. SUMNER. It is evident that several
Senators went home supposing that the Senate
was about to adjourn. I think on that ground,
if on no other, it would not be advisable for us
to go on now. I therefore move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
Mr. CRESWELL. Is a motien to adjourn
now in order just after the same motion has been
voted down, without any intervening motion ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in
order. Discussion has taken place since the
last motion was put.
Mr. WADE. ' I hope we shall not adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 15, noes 10.
Mr. HOWE. I rise to inquire what the
question is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan] to the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Brown.]
Mr. HOWE. I should like to hear it read.
The Secretary read Mr. Cowan's".amend-
ment, which was to add. to the amendment of
Mr Bkown these words :
Provided, and it is hereby distinctly understood, That
the people of the Territory of Nebraska when admit-
ted as a State into the Union shall owedirect and per-
sonal allegiance, each one of them, to the Government
oftho United States, and that the said State of Ne-
braska shall not hereafter claim nor bo taken to
have power or authority to convert the citizens of
said State into foreigners or alien enemies, so that
they may as a consequence of crime be held and
considered as such.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr, Brown.] Is the Senate
ready for the question?
Mr. SUMNER. I do not think the Senate
is ready for the question. I think it is too
important a proposition for us to be called to
vote on it without seeing it fairly before us and
understanding its bearing in every respect, con-
ititutionally, legally, and politically. I am not
iatisfied that the proposition in its final form
will be effective. It may be; I am not sure of
it. I am anxious that it should be considered j
in these aspects. I wish to know whether it j
is a proposition that we can safely accept at j
this moment. I hope, therefore, that it will j
be printed, and I move that.the pending prop- j
osition be printed for the use of the Senate. !
I mean to include the amendment of my col- I
league, of course. j
  "" I have sent my amendment ;
My amendment has been
I mean the substitute of
Mr. WILSON.
to the desk.
Mr. BROWN.
printed.
Mr. SUMNER.
my colleague.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to have that printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to print the pending
amendment.
Mr. WILSON. My amendment is an amend-
ment to the amendment moved by the Senator
from Missouri. Jt is proposed to print the
amendment t.o the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I want them all printed,
Mr. CRESWELL. To print ali the pend-
ing amendments?
Mr. SUMNER. _ Yes, sir. There is only
one that I regard of very- great importance, and t|
that is the substitute proposition, and thft I .<
do think the Senate ought not to act upon .!
without seeing it in print before them.
Mr. CRESWELL. I was about to re-
mark  r
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator from ;
Maryland give me the floor a moment? i
Mr. CRESWELL. Certainly. _ ;
. Mr. WILSON. I understand the question ]
before the Senate is the amendment moved by .
me to the amendment of the Senator from i
Missouri. Does the Chair recognize that fact ? j
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The vote 1
having been taken upon the proposed amend- j
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania, the i
question now is on the amendment proposed j
by the Senator from Massachusetts to the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. CRESWELL. I was about to remark
that 1 have no objection whatever to the motion
to print, provided gentlemen will make the
understanding suggested by a gentleman on the
other side, namely, that we have a vote to- j|
morrow at four o'clock. If that meets the ■'
approbation of the chairman of the Committee !•
on Territories I am content to accept it. !'
Mr. WADE. I offered to accept that, but
it was not accepted as I understood. I was 1'
willing to make that compromise. i
Mr. BROWN". I for one am not willing to |
make any such understanding as that. i'
Mr. WADE. I understand so.
Mr. BROWN. I do not wish to bind any-
body else by it for this reason: that the small
time that would be given to-morrow, one or '
two hours, would be totally insufficient to did- :
cuss this question as gentlemen here present
would wish to discuss it. If we are going to !i
enter into a discussion of it let us have time to ij
discuss it fully and fairly. If we are not, let us :i
be forced to vote upon it now. I, for one. am ;j
not willing to make any such arrangement as I;
that. It will simply be to carry over the ques- ij
tion without doing any good as far as discussion !
goes. It is perhaps right that I should say |j
further, in justice to myself, that I shall prob- i|
ably be compelled to leave the city this evening :
by the eight o'clock train. I would therefore •*
rather vote on the bill before I go, if it is not
to be put over for some little time. It will be .j
impossible for me to delay my departure for
reasons that I could state if desirable.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to print the pending amend-
ment.
Mr. WADE. That motion to print of course
involves a motion to adjourn before we take
the quostion. If I could be made to believe
that this simple proposition that is «s common
here in this legislative body as the common
counts in assumpsit are in courts of justice, had
all at once assumed a revolutionary importance,
or such a degree of importance as is at tributed
to it, I should approach it with great fear and
trembling; but I have been here a good while;
several new States have been admitted into the
Union since I have been here, and it was about
the most peaceable proceeding we have ever
had. It made no jar whatever in the body-pol-
itic. This Territory now stands upon precisely
the same footing with every other one that
has been admitted since I have been here. It
contains nothing more nor less than all the rest
of them have contained.
Gentlemen tell us that it is connected some-
how with our dealings with the seceded States.
It has no kind of reference to them. It is an
independent proposition not at all disturbed by
anything that we have to do with the States
that have seceded. In their reconstruction
questions entirely detached and different, hav-
ing no connection with this whatever, will be
up. I know of no reason why we should not
let this Territory come in upon the same prin-
ciples that we ever have let other Territories
come in. We let in the Territory of Nevada
awhile ago. It has not more population to-day
than Nebraska. It has no element in it enti-
tling it more to be a member of this Union thau
Nebraska has. It ought to have come in. It
was well it did come in. I want to see these
States extending in a solid column l ight through
to the Pacific ocean, as will be done if you
admit the two States that are now knocking at
your doors.
There is no great question involved in it. It
seems to me that there is no necessity for that
precaution that gentlemen allude to. The
Senator from Massachusetts believes it is one
of the most important questions that ever came
before Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not doubt it.
Mr. WADE. Well, I cannot be made to
see it. Nebraska, one of the most patriotic,
one of the most orderly of communities, with
numbers sufficient, with a good, glorious re-
publican constitution akin to all the rest of
these western constitutions and just like thein,
coming in here, I do not think will make a
revolution at all, nor bind anybody as to the
course he shall s<g fit to take in reconstructing
States in rebellion. Therefore I do not see
any reason why we should not TOte on the
question to-night. We have got a vast deal to
do this session. I never have known import-
ant business crowding upon Congress as it is
now ; and yet in full view of all this gentlemen
would persist in adjourning for two weeks and
now want to adjourn to deliver arguments
hereafter. They have not had time for argu-
ment, they say. When the question of adjourn-
ing was up, I was opposed to that, and yet the
same gentlemen who want to make arguments
here and spend a week longer on this proposi-
tion are the very men who will adjourn you
two weeks in the midst of an important ses-
sion like this. I think we have "got a good
deal to do this session, even more than we
have time to do, and I know the habits of this
body well enough to know that if this question
is suffered to pass off now for two weeks, all
that has been said upon the subject will be
said over again. We have spent I believe
three, days on it, and we shall have to spend
three or four days more upon it, and we shall
have no more light upon it then than we have
now. I am opposed to adjourning unless we
can make an arrangement to take the vote to-
morrow. Then 1 have no objection ; but that
it seems we cannot do, and therefore I hope
we shall decide the question to-night.
Mr. HENDERSON. Iam certainly a friend
of this measure. I expect to vote for the
admission of the State. I have not failed to
vote for the admission of new States, and
I expect to make no exception in this case to
my usual course of conduct; but I have con-
sistently voted this evening for an adjourn-
ment. I make it a rule when four and a half
o'clock arrives to vote for an adjournment
whether we are in the short session or the
long session, I have been here, long enough
to find out that we do but little after that hour
except to take the quwf.ioti upon motions to
