186&
CONGRESSIONAL GfliOBl.
adjourn. Now, sir, we shall do nothing this
afternoon. We may remain here until eight
o'clock but we shall take no vote on this meas-
ure. The old adage 6i festina leftie perhaps
will apply very well. Shall we not get along
be.tter by taking a little time to '• consider and
refect upon this question ? The Senator from
Massachusetts offers an aimendih'fent. I am
rather favorably to it. It is 'a very important
question for lis to consider who are friendly to
this measure; shall we adopt it of reject it. I
really do-viot know which is better. I atet now
inclined to vote for it; If "we vote for it, can we
carry the bill by iat%>' thirds vote? I apprehend
it will'be necessary virtually to pass this measure
by a two-thirds vote. I understand from the Sen-
ators from this State that the Legislature can
be palled together in the course of a very short
titoe and that they can act upon it. If so, I
do not see any objection to the amendment. I
am really in favor of the principle that" all
these Territories shall admit suffrage regard-
less of color. I believe we have got to come
to it, not only in the new States, but in the old
ones. I so expressed myself at the last ses-
sion. I have not changed my mind. I believe
that it is fair, it is right that every man should
have a voice in the Government, who dis-
charges the duties of citizenship. Hence I have
no objection to it; I should like to see the
amendment adopted; but would it not be
better for the friends of the measure to con-
sult together and see whether that makes it
stronger or not ? I apprehend it has eventually to
be carried by a two -thirds vote in this body;
and yet the Senator from Ohio insists that
we shall remain hei'e after five o'clock in the
evening to discuss this question when a very
large minority of the body are determined to
have no vote on it to-nigh t. I do not see that
we ever do any good after that hour, and I
now move that we adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope there will be an
order to print.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Themotion
to adjourn supersedes all others and the ques-
tion is not debatable.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to appeal to the
Senator from Missouri to withdraw that motion
for one moment. I wish to move that this bill
be postponed to and made the special order for
January 7.
Mr. HENDERSON. I cannot withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is not withdrawn.
Mr. WADE called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 15, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown. Buckalew, Cracrin. Davis,
Dixon, Doolittlo, Edmonds, Henderson, Hendricks,
Morgan, Patterson, Poland, Pomoroy, Spruguo, and
Sumner—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Cres-
well, Foecg, Foster, Frelinshuysen, Howard, Howo,
Kirkwood, Lane, Morri'l, Ross, Stewart, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Wilson, and Yates—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Conness, Cowan, Fessenden,
Fowler, G.-imes, Guthrie, Harris, Johnson, McDou-
gall.Nicsmith, Norton. Nye, Itamscy, Riddle, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, and Williams—17.
So the Senate refused to adjourn. '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the motion that the pending
amendment be printed.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I have one word to say in
reply to the Senator from Ohio. He did not
see the importance of this question. He says
it is the question of every day, a common-
place question. There is the precise difference
between the Senator from Ohio and other Sen-
ators on this floor. There have been occa-
sions when the Senator has seen the import-
ance of a question of human rights. In an
unhappy condition now he does not see that
importance.
Mr. WADE. A "fundamental condition."
[Laughter. ]
Mr. SUMNER. A condition of mind.
[Laughter.] The Senator has not forgotten
a contest in this Chamber m which he took
part with myself to defeat a proposition not
so objectionable perhaps as that which he is
now favoring, "to precipitate Louisiana back
into this Chamber. The Senator remembers'
it well. He knows that that contest began at
an earlier hour in the afternoon than this, and
that it was only toward midnight when there
was an adjournment, and nothing was gained.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. TboMbcllJ
tried to put that question through the Senate;
but even he, with all his Abilities and the just
influence that belonged to his positibn, could
not do it. The' Serfator from Ohio will not be
instructed by that example. He how proposes
a kindred proposition. He seeks to introduce
into the" union a State which defies the first
principle of human rights. The Senator from
Ohio becomes the cha'mpioh of that commu-
nity. He who has so often t'aised his voice
here for human rights now treats the question-
as trivial. He says it is a technidality only.
Sir, can a question of human rights be a
technicality ? Can a constitution which tinder-
takes to disfranchise a whole race be treated
in that respect as only a technicality ? And
yet that is the position of the Senator front
Ohio. Why, sir, the other day he did openly
arraign the constitution of Louisiana and the
effort of our excellent President, Mr. Lincoln,
who sought to press it upon us. Now, forget-
ful of that he tries to do to-night what the
Senator from Illinois tried to do then. I
doubt, sir, whether he will succeed to-night,
better than the Senator from Illinois succeeded
then. The constitution of Louisiana at that
time was odious; it ought not to have been
foisted upOn the Senate ; and I doubt if there
is any Senator now on the right side who does
not rejoice that that constitution was defeated.
But, sir, you are now to do the same thing
for this constitution which you did for that of
Louisiana. It must not be allowed to pass
this body so long as it undertakes to disfran-
chise persons on account of color.
Mr. CRESWELL. Will you "filibuster"
all the time?
Mr. S.UMNER. I say it must not be
allowed to pass this body if possible, if it can
be prevented, so long as it contains so offensive
an exclusion as that. But, sir, I do not wish
to indulge in these remarks. I wish that this
subject should be gravely discussed so that we
may vote upon it properly. I wish that the
proposition of my colleague may be carefully
considered. I wish to know whether, if that
is adopted, there will be a sufficient security.
If there will be such security, I shall be very
glad to vote for it and accept that, and then
we may all harmonize in the support of the
bill. But, if that or some kindred proposition
cannot be adopted, I shall be obliged at the
last moment, even if I stand alone, to go
against this bill and to make every effort that
I can to prevent its passage. 1 move now,
sir, that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. WADE. I hope not.
Mr. SUMNER. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Crafjin, Davis,
Doolittlo, Edmunds, Henderson, Hendiicks, Mor-
gan, Patterson, Poland, Sprague, and Sumner—13-
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Creswoll, Fogg,
Foster. Frelinshuysen, Howard, IIowc, Kirkwood,
Lane. Morrill. Ross, Stewart. Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Wade, Willey, Wilson, and Yates—19.
ABSENT — Mcssis. Anthony, Conness, Cowati,
Dixon. Fessenden. Fowler, Grimes, Guthrie, Har-
ris, Johnson, MeDoupriill, Nesraith, Norton, Nye,
Pomoroy, Ramsey, Riddle, Saulsbury. Sherman, and
Williams—20.
So tfie Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. WADE. One word in reply to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, who thinks that I am
altogether pertinacious, if not obstinate on this
subject, and thinks that my conduct at the
present time is inconsistent with what it was
when he and I were opposing the admission of
Louisiana two years ago. There is no analogy,
I say again, between the two eases, not the
least in the world. Louisiana was a State
organized under a military order emanating
from the President of the United States—mili-
tary order No. 37; and of course in my judg-
ment it was not a constitutional body.' It had'
no right to be in the Union. This is a Terri-
tory, as I have said a good many times, loyal,
seeking to come into the Union in the old,
beaten track—nothing unusual about it, nothing
to hang an argument upon exeept it is the high:
sounding words of the Senator from Massachu-
setts ; and if a man were to heat him speak no w
about the importance of what I have compared
to a count in assumpsit, would believe that it
was an indictment on which half the world
would be annihilated. And he speaks of riiy'
obstinacy! Why, sir, he'stands up here almost
alone against his friends, nearly all favorable
to this measure. I have no dbubt had it hot
been for what I will not call his obstinacy, this
measure would have passed on Monday to the
satisfaction of nine tenths of all those that;
generally act with him. His will ihust prevail
against -the whole body, or they must give^Vay
to him, for he intimates and gives us to under-
stand that this bill never shall pass except it is/
in accordance with his judgment, or if it cvei-
does it will not be until he is a good deal older
than he is now. I generally confieht myself, if
I-differ with the great majority of my friends,
to record that difference without any .factious
opposition to their will. I do not think that I
ever can be accused of that.
Mr. SUMNER. How was it with regard to
Louisiana?
Mr. WADE. In the Louisiana case [ acted
-in accordance with many of my fellows, and
all of us had the conviction that the measure
was unconstitutional. .You do hot pretend
that this is unconstitutional, or that it is any
infraction of the usages of this body from time
immemorial; but you allege that there is some-
thing connected with this proposition different
from what has ever before been presented.
Not at all. You say I am going against human
rights. No, sir; in my judgment I am going
in favor of human rights, to strengthen a body
who are the advocates of human rights, to
strengthen our arm, so that we may resist, -i
it. becomes necessary, any and all departments
of this Government that may seek to trample
down human rights. Your view of the subject
is an exceedingly narrow one. I am anxious
to reenforce this body with elements that go
for liberty and right, while you seek to exclude
them and thrust them out on a mere tech nicality.
I know, sir, that the cause we have in view
will be greatly promoted by carrying out this
measure to admit these States and the worthy
men whom they have sent to represent them
here; and I think it is very ungracious now
as an after-thought to bring up objections to
their admission that were never dreamed of
till lately.
How long is it since you let inji State with
a constitution cxactly like this? If the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts made objection to it
then, I am not aware of the fact. When the
enabling act was passed without imposing aiiy
such condition as he now contends for, he
made no objection that I know of. These
Eeople have complied with every demand you
ave made ; and now all at once it is proposed
to treat them as though they were rebels seek-
ing to destroy this Union, instead of forming a
most loyal and worthy part of it. I am not
standing here to contend against human rights.
I am in furtherance of the rights of man going
to bring into this body those who can aid and
assist us, and will do it always to maintain
our great principles. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts takes a narrow view. He would
thrust them out and leave it uncertain whether
the Territory may not be consigned to the
hands of our mortal enemies. He has no rs-
gard to the consequences. A little miserable
technicality, a "sticking in the bark," as
Lord Coke would say, is the guide to his ac-
tion here, and renders him too often entirely
impracticable. IJpelieve before high Heaven
that the great cause of human rights would
have been further advanced to-day than it is
now if he had been more practical. I remem-
ber well how at the last session the Senator
from Massachusetts withstood the first projio-
