1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
under; and that I will, in like manner, abide by nnd
faithfully support all nets of Congress passed during
the existingrebellion with referencetoslaves. solong
and fco far ;is not repealed, modified, or held void by
Congress, or by decision of the Supreme Court; nnd
that I will in like manner, nbide by and faithfully
supportall proclamations of the President madedur-
inir the existing rebellion baring reference to ilavcs.
so longand so far us not modified or declared void by
decision ot the Supreme Court. So help me God.
" The persons excepted from the benefits of tho tore-
going provisions are all who are, or shall have been,
civil or diplomatic officersor agents of the so-called
confederate government; all who have left judicial
Etations under the United States to aid in the rebel-
lion; all who are, or shall have been, military or i
naval officers of said so-called confederate govern- !
mcnt above the rank of colonel in the army or of
lieutenant in the navy; all who left seats in theUni-
ted States Congress to aid the rebellion; all who
resigned commissions in the Army or Navy of the
United States and afterward aided the rebellion;
and all who have engaged in any way in treating
eolored persons or white persons in charge of such
otherwise than lawfully as prisoners of war. and
which persons may have been found in the United
States service as soldiers, seamen, or in any other
capacity."
Pursuant to a law of Congress, by the au-
thority of Congress, in the name of Congress,
and in the name of every member of Congress
who voted for that bill, Mr. Lincoln, before i
the whole American people, before the whole
civilized world, pledged the faith of this Gov-
ernment that every man who was then in rebel-
lion who would come forward and lay down
his arms and take that oath, with the excep- |
tions named, should have full pardon and am-
nesty. This proclamation, which he made in
1863, he renewed in substance on the 26th of
March, 1864, by recognizing it in another proc-
lamation, in which he goes on to specify one
other additional exception, specifying persons
who were held in confinement as prisoners of
war or held for certain offenses, which it is not
necessary for me to read.
In pursuance of these proclamations of Mr.
Lincoln, thousands upon thousands and hun-
dreds of thousands came forward and took the
oath of allegiance and accepted pardon and
amnesty. Can you take it away V No, sir; you
have no right, no power to take it away ; and
the attempt to take it away by Congress is in
violation of the Constitution and in violation
of the express decision of the Supreme Court
on this very question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What decision is that?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will read to my friend
from that decision. In a late case decided by
the Supreme Court, what do they say about
this matter of granting pardons, and what do
they say about the effect of a pardon ? Some
§entlemen in Congr-ess say, " What is the
upreme Court? we can blow it away with a
breath; we can construe the Constitution for
the Supreme Court," when everybody knows
that the Supreme Court was made on purpose
to construe the laws of Congress and de-
termine whether Congress had exceeded its
authority or not. What do they say about par-
dons?
"The Constitution provides that the President
'shall have power to grant reprieves and pardons for
offenses against the United States, except in cases of
Impeachment.' The power thus conferred is unlim-
ited, with tho exception stated; it extends to every
offense known to the law."
For every offense against the United States,
except impeachment, the President of the Uni-
ted States has the power to pardon.
" This power of thePresident is notsubject to legis-
lative control. Congress can neither limit the effect
of his pardon, nor exclude from its exercise any class
of offenders."
That is what the Supreme Court say; that
. Congress cannot limit the effect of a pardon
which has been granted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Nobody doubts that; but
the question is, what is its effect?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The effect of a pardon
is to restore a man to his full rights the same
as if he never had been guilty of an offense.
He stands restored to his rights as a citizen of
the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall soon be through,
and my friend from Vermont will have the
Hoor and can go on then. I want to read what
the court say.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not blame you for
not wanting to lie interrupted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My friend, of course,
is well aware that it withdraws the mind from
the line of argument to be interrupted, is
with no discourtesy or disrespect to my friend
that I do not yield.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did-not take it in any
such sense. I think if I were in your position
I should do the same thing.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The court say;
" This power of the President is not subject to legis-
lative control. Congress cnn neither limit the effect
of bis pardon nor exclude from its exercise any class
of offenders. The benign prerogative of mercy can-
not be fettered by any legislative restriction." *
* * * "A pardon reaches both the punish-
ment prescribed for the offense and the guilt of the
offender, and when the pardon is full it releases the
punishment and blots out of existence the guilt, so
that in the eye of the law the offender is as innocent
as if he had never committed the offense."
That is the effect of a pardon according to
the Supreme Court.
"If granted before conviction it prevents any of
the penalties and disabilities consequent upon con-
viction from attaching. If granted after conviction
it removes the penalties and disabilities, and restores
him to all his civil rights. It makes him, as it were,
a new man. and gives him a new credit and capacity.
There is only this limitation to its operation: it does
not restore offices forfeited, or property or interests
vested in others in consequence of the conviction and
judgment."
Then the court, speaking of the particular
case before them, the Garland case, go on to
say:
"Thepardon produced by the petitioner is a full par-
don for all offenses by hrm committed, arising from
participation, direct or implied, in the rebellion, and
is subject tocertain conditions, which have been com-
plied with. The effect of this pardonis to relieve the
petitioner from all penalties anddisabilities attached
to the offense of treason committed by his participa-
tion in the rebellion. So far as that offense is con-
cerned, he isthus placed beyond the reach of punish-
ment of any kind; but to exclude him, hy reason of
that offense, from continuing in the enjoyment of a
previously acquired right,is to enforce a punishment
for that Offense, notwithstanding the pardon. If
such exclusion can bo effected by tho exaction of an
expurgatoryoath covering tho offense, the pardon
may be avoided, and that accomplished indirectly
which cannot be roached by direct legislation. It is
not within the constitutional power of Congress thus
to inflict punishment beyond the reach of executive
■clemency."
I have read to you that one of the conse-
quences Specified in the very statute of 1862
aS a part of the punishment of the crime of
rebellion is that the person shall not hold un
office; bnt, according to this decision, the
pardon,and amnesty of the President wines it
out and he stands just -as he did without the
commission of any offense.
Now, sir, let me go a step further. In I860
Mr. Johnson issued a proclamation, which I
think received as unanimous an indorsement
by the whole Union Republican party ot this
country, by all its press, by all its political
organizations, as any proclamation or any act
of a President of this country ever did re
ceive. What did Mr. Johnson do ? He issued
a proclamation following in the line of the
Ereclamation of Mr. Lincoln, but he made
is proclamation more stringent against the
rebels than the proclamation of Mr. Lincoln.
Although he did not take away the amnesty
which had been accepted under Mr. Lincoln's
proclamation, for he had no power to take it
away, yet in applying his proclamation of par-
don and amnesty to those who were excepted
and who had been engaged in the rebellion
and had refused Mr. Lincoln's proclamation,
Mr. Johnson made six additional exceptions
which Mr. Lincotn did not embrace in his
proclamation. Gentlemen sometimes say—
and it is very amusing to hear them talk about
it—that Mr. Johnson's proclamation ot am-
nesty was much more liberal toward the rebels
than Mr. Lincoln's.
Mr. WILSON. Who says that?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not know that the
Senator does; but the other Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to-day insisted that he and Mr.
Lincoln stood precisely on the game ground;
that they were for reconstructing the Scutli
upon the basis of loyalty and the exclusion of
the rebels. Mr. Lincoln did no such tiling.
Mr. Lincoln invited all rebels who would come
in and take his oath of amnesty to join in the
reconstruction, with the exceptions which he
named. He specified eight exceptions; Mr.
Johnson specified fourteen. Mr. Johnson's
proclamation of amnesty was more stringent
than the proclamation of Mr. Lincoln. The
proclamation is before me, and here are the
fourteen classes which are specified. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson-] con
cedes that I am right; that Mr. Johnson's
proclamation of pardon and amnesty was more
stringent toward the rebels than the proclama-
\ tiou of Mr. Lincoln.
In pursuance of this proclamation of Mr.
I Johnson, issued in 1805, and which has been,
with the consent and approbation of Congress,
in full operation from that time down to the
! 1st of January last, thousands and tens of
I thousands of men in the southern States have
j come forward and have accepted amnesty and
i pardon upon the grounds therein specified
, and have taken the oath of allegiance. Now,
what is proposed? It is proposed, substan-
tially, by an act of Congress, to say that these
very men who have thus received pardon and
amnesty shall be deprived of pardon and am-
nesty. The pardon and amnesty which you
gave in the name of the United States, to which
■ you pledged the good faith of this Government,'
you now undertake to snatch from their hands
and to disfranchise them.
Mr. President, I shall make no long speech
on this subject. I simply propose to present
the question for the consideration of Senators.
I maintain, earnestly maintain, that you cannot
justly refuse to sanction the principle embodied
in this amendment. The decision of the Su-
preme Court requires it. Let me suppose a
case. Suppose that a man in the State of
Louisiana who had formerly been a justice of
the peace or held some other position, either
State or national, requiring him to take an oath
to support the Constitution of the United States,
and who had accepted Mr. Lincoln's procla-
mation of pardon and amnesty, should be
elected by the people to an office in one of
these States, and should bring a suit and the
case should be carried from the courts of the
State to the Supreme Court of the United
States ; is there a man sitting in this body who
doubts for one moment that the Supreme Court
would say that he had a right to that office
and Congress had no power to take it away
from him ? To remove all doubts as to the vast
number of persons to be disfranchised under
the operations of this bill, I call attention to
the first statute ever passed by Congress. It
is not confined to a few, but extends to all
members of State Legislatures, and to all execu-
tive and judicial officers of the States, who by
the express provisions of the law of Congress
are all required to take an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States. I have no
doubt it would Peach the number of one hun-
dred and fifty thousand in these States. Mr.
President, I do not know but that it is fore
ordained that this bill must pass precisely in
this shape, right or wrong.
Mr. CONN ESS. It is.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. A Senator behind me
suggests that it is. Right or wrong, he says it
is fore-ordained to pass.
Mr. STEWART. That is true.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. "That is true,'" says
the Senator from Nevada. It may be an una-
vailing effort on my part to reach the reason,
the judgment, and the consciences of the men
sitting around me, lawyers, members ot the
Judiciary Committee, men who know that
when a pardon is once granted pursuant to
law Congress has no power to take it away.
Perhaps right or wrong they are determined
to pass this bill, and not recognize that the
pardon which has been granted under the laws
of Congress, laws passed by themselves, is to
have any effect whatever. King Cayas rules
the hour, right or wrong. Constitution or no
Constitution, law or no law, his mandates must
be obeyed. I did not suppose that that could be
so; but all things arepossible under the sun. I
expected no am thing as that m the Senate
