1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
961
retary of State as confidential. But under the
particular circumstances of this case, as we
have the correspondence between the Secretary
of State and Mr. Motley, I do not object to
the passage of this resolution.
If I had been told by anybody that Mr. Mot-
ley was so regardless of his duty as to be mak-
ing the declarations he is stated to have made
upon some unknown authority, I should have
said at once that it was a base calumny.^ I do
not mean the charge that he differed with the
President of the United States in his opinion
as to the policy which ought to be adopted in
effecting the restoration of the southern States,
but as to the effect that he had spoken in such
disrespectful terms of the President or of the
Secretary of State, and, above all, that he should
have expressed an opinion so hostile to a dem-
ocratic form of government and in favor of a
monarchical one. No one who has read his
History of the Dutch Republic—and no one I
think has failed to read it who commenced to
read it—would hesitate for a moment in com-
ing to the conclusion that if there be a man in
the country who is more absolutely convinced
than any other of the -policy and necessity to
human liberty of such institutions as we live
under it would be Mr. Motley.
Mr. SUMNEIt. I promised not to debate
the resolution. I simply ask for a vote.
The resolution was adopted.
personal explanations—the tariff.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I find
myself called to account and denounced in a
leading newspaper of Philadelphia for having
"dodged" the vote upon an important public
measure ; and in this denunciation my colleague
is coupled or united with me. I allude to the
final vote on the passage of the tariff bill. That
bill was put to a vote yesterday morning at half
past twelve o'clock. It was the second pro-
tracted night session which had been held upon
the bill, both of which sessions I sat out at some
personal inconvenience. I stated at the taking
of the final vote that I withheld.my vote because
I had paired off with a member of the Senate
who was called away from the Chamber to at-
tend the deathbed of a distinguished former
citizen of Pennsylvania. I could not resist that
appeal, and therefore agreed to withhold my
vote upon the passage of the bill.
As to my colleague, I believe he was not
present; but it was manifest, it was known to
every member of the Senate that the polling of
any particular vote on that measure would have
no influence upon the result; it was not im-
portant.
As for myself, sir, passing by all the personal
denunciation with which I am visited in the
paper referred to, I desire to say that I have
never "dodged" a vote on a public question
in a legislative body, either in Congress or in
the Legislature of my own State. When I find
it necessary to avoid any responsibility imposed
upon me by my position as a member of this
body I shall give the public a due announce-
ment of the fact. They need not seek to learn
it through the columns of a sensation newspaper
press.
Mr. DIXON. I desire to state with regard
to the vote upon the tariff bill, in which my
name does not appear, that if I had been pres-
ent I should have voted for the bill. I was in
favor of the bill; but the Senator from Dela-
ware [Mr. Saulsbury] was kind enough^ to
pair off with me in consequence of my being
unable to be here through indisposition.
the bankrupt bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(H. R. No. 598) to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States is
now before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whcle, the pending question being on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] to the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, which will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, which was to strike out on
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 61.
27, section fourteen, after the word "States,"
in line twenty-seven, the following:
And such other property not included in the fore-
going exceptions as is exempted from levy and sale
upon execution by the laws of the State in which the
bankrupt has his domicile at the time of the com-
mencement of the proceedings in bankruptcy, to an
amount not exceeding that allowed by such State
exemption laws in force in the year 1864.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
And a homestead or other property not exceeding
in value $2,000.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President^ since the
discussion last night I have given this matter a
limited examination, and I am thoroughly sat-
isfied from the history of the clause in the Con-
stitution on this subject, as disclosed by the
debates, that it was intended to secure a uni-
form distribution of the assets of the bank-
rupt ; that that is all that was intended by a
uniform system of bankruptcy. The evil com-
plained of, and which was intended to be rem-
edied by the constitutional provision, was an
unfair distribution of the assets of the bank-
rupt ; that one State would provide that the
assets should go first in order, giving priority
to the residents of that State and excluding
non-residents from fair participation. The
difficulty consisted in the distribution of the
assets of the bankrupt, and that, it seems to
me, is what they intended to have uniform laws
upon, and not in regard to what the assets of
the bankrupt were.
I think that the assets of the bankrupt must
depend upon the laws of the State under which
he holds liis assets. If, in order to have a uni-
form law on the subjcct of bankruptcy, it is
necessary to exercise a power which will in
effect make the laws for the collcction of debts
uniform, then the right of a State to pass laws
for the collection of debts is substantially taken
away under this clause ; but nobody had ever
anticipated that a State might not make ex-
emptions ; might not make its various regula-
tions for the collection of debts; and those
regulations, take them as a body, interfere
with the assets to he distributed on all occa-
sions. For instance, one State gives a judg-
ment-creditor a lien upon the property, and
that becomes a vested right in one Slate: in
another State not. That is one oi the laws
for the collection of debts. Now, you say it
is not uniform because the State law steps in
and gives a lien to some individual in the
State; gives him a preference; and conse-
quently it does not operate uniformly.
There are a thousand instances of want of
uniformity that will exist and which Congress
must remedy if you mean by uniform laws to
reach the property of every debtor to the same
extent and distribute it; but if you simply
mean that whatever assets he has subject to
execution under the law of the State where
he lives shall be equally distributed between
the creditors residing in that State and those
residing out of it for the convenience of com-
merce, leaving the State to make its own laws
for the collection of debt, then the two systems
are in harmony. If you carry this idea of uni-
formity clear out it goes too far; and by the
same course of reasoning it would deny the
States the power to pass any laws for the col-
lection of debt which may not be permitted
under the power of Congress to pass bankrupt
laws to make a uniform system. Consequently
I am clear that the law as it now stands is within
the power of Congress, and it is ccrtain we can-
not practically have a bankrupt law unless we
exercise this power in subordination to the
power exercised by the States for the collec-
lection of debt. We must allow the State ex-
emption laws, which have grown up during the
last seventy-five years and become established,
to remain. Rights exist under them. The
people understand and appreciate and are at-
tached to them. We had better not_ exercise
the power of Congress in this matter if we are
to interfere with all these domestic arrange-
ments of the States. I do not believe that was
anticipated. I believe the meaning of the Con-
stitution was that there should be a fair and
equal distribution to persons living anywhere
within the United States of the bankrupt's
assets, whatever was liable to execution under
the local law. In that view both systems are
consistent, and can be harmonized and operate
together. The theory of absolute uniformity
requires you in effect to abrogate the power of
the States to pass laws regulating executions,
which could not have been contemplated.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I am earn-
estly in favor of a bankrupt law. I am in favor
of this bill. I have examined it with consid-
erable attention, and I regard it as the most
complete and perfect system of bankruptcy I
have ever seen. I would be glad to vote for
this provision if I could consistently with my
own convictions do so, because I am persuaded
that if this provision can be retained in the law
the bill is more likely to pass; but I am con-
vinced that this provision is in violation of the
Constitution.
Congress is authorized by the Constitution
to pass a bankrupt law; but it is restricted in
its authority to do so: it must be a uniform
law. What is meant by that? Itisalawthat
shall operate equally, impartially, uniformly
throughout the United States. This provision
cannot operate in'that way. There are incor-
porated into this law all the State laws in re-
lation to the exemption of property from sale
or execution for thirty-six States with all their
diversities. Those laws are made a part of
this bankrupt system. More than that, sir: it
operates unequally and partially in the States
themselves. Take my own State. In the State
of New York a man may have exempted from
sale on execution a homestead of the value of
$1,000. Ilere are two bankrupts applying at
the same time for a discharge; one of them
has secured his homestead worth $1,000; the
other has a homestead worth $1,000, but he
has not taken the necessary steps to exempt
it from sale or execution. One of tliem saves
his homestead; the other is obliged to sur-
render it. Suppose these men owe debts only
to the amount of $1,000 each; one of them is
discharged from his debts and saves property
enough to pay all his debts, while the other is
obliged to give up property enough to pay his
debts. There is no uniformity in the operation
of it at all. The very first object of a system
of bankruptcy is to secure the appropriation
of the property of the debtor to the-payment
of his debts, and it is in reference to this that
the term "uniform" is used in the Constitu-
tion ; it is in reference to nothing else. It is
uniformity in the appropriation of a man's
property; and now here is secured by this
provision as it stands' in the bill the greatest
possible diversity, diversity according to the
legislation of thirty-six different States, and
then diversity in the operations of the laws of
those States themselves. I cannot suppose
that this provision will ever stand the test of
judicial examination.
Mr. FOSTER, (Mr. Edmunds in the chair.)
Mr. President, with the Senator from New
York lam honestly and earnestly in favor of
a bankrupt law, and I agree with him that this,
with a few alterations, is one of the best of all
bankrupt laws that 1 have ever read; and I
agree with him further, in regard to this pro-
vision, that I cannot vote for it. I believe it is
as clear and palpable a violation of the Consti-
tution as is possible, and I would ask Senators
this question to test it: Suppose the bill had,
for each of the thirty-six States of the Union,
assigned to those who might apply for the ben-
efit of the law a different amount of property
to be exempt from its operation. Beginning
with the State of Maine, suppose it were to say
that all persons applying under the voluntary
clause for the benefit of this act, or all who
under the involuntary clause should be made
bankrupts, might have property to the amount
of $200 to be appropriated for the support of
the bankrupt; that in New Hampshire they
might have $300 ; in Vermont, $400; m Mas-
sachusetts, a homestead of the value oi $1,000 ;
in Connecticut, a homestead of the value of
$500; and so on, through all the thirty-six
different States, giving to bankrupts in some
