1638
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
of the United States. Here of all other places
in the world the public faith must be main-
tained. The faith of this nation has been
pledged. The faith of a nation when pledged,
even if pledged to an enemy, is just as binding
upon the nation as if it were pledged to a friend.
Mr. President, I have thus presented in brief
my views on this subject. I have no disposi-
tion to trespass upon the time of the Senate,
and shall not now enter into the discussion of
any other feature of the bill; but this amend-
ment I hope the Senate will adopt. If this bill
is to pass, you certainly desire to make it as
acceptable to the people of the South as possi-
ble. Is it likely to be acceptable when the faith
of the nation has been given for us to break it:
when pardon and amnesty has been pledged
and accepted, and all the conditions have been
kept, for us now to trample them under our
feet? Others may think it the best way to
make this most extreme measure acceptable
to the people of the South to pledge your faith
and then to break it. I cannot see it iu that
light.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I should
not have occupied even the two or three mo-
ments of the time of the Senate on this ques-
tion that I now propose to do if my friend
from Wisconsin had permitted me to ask him
a question, which he thought it fit not to do,
and I do not blame him for it. The question
is not what is the effect of a pardon constitu-
tionally granted, which I admit purges the
offender of all guilt in a legal sense, but
assuming the ground that Congress necessarily
and rightly assumed, that the governments of
these rebel States are disorganized and are
only in temporary effective operation from the
mere powerful force of the military arm ol the
Executive in suppressing the rebellion, the
question is, when Congress interferes and un-
dertakes to authorize the people of those dis-
tricts to form governments or reform them,
whatever you call it, to whom shall be in-
trusted the high duty of resuscitating those
governments? That is a question that ap-
peals to the legislative discretion of the law-
making power, if the law is to operate upon it
at all; and, of course, that we act at all
assumes the fact that the law is to operate
upon it.
Then the question is, to whom among the
whole people, black and white, from the infant
to the aged man, is to be intrusted the exercise
of that function? Now, it appears to me we are
to act on that question as we deem just and
right, as a matter of political expediency over
which the Supreme Court has no control. To
whom shall we intrust it? We think it fit to
intrust it, not to the females, not to the in-
fants, not to the idiots, not to the insane, not
to the head rebels, but to a certain other class
of persons. Therefore it is that we give full
effect to all the proclamations of the President;
we do not disturb them at all, but exercising
our legislative political prerogative as the law-
makers of the nation, we choose from among
that people the persons to whom we think it
fit to intrust this high power of reorganizing
those governments. Whether it is right or
wrong, as a matter of morality, to choose this
particular class of persons that this law chooses
is another question. I think it is ; my friend
thinks itr is not. That is a question of political
and legislative expediency. The courts have
nothing to do with it. That is all I have to
say, sir.
Air. HENDRICKS. I wish to make but one
or two remarks on this question : it is one of
some importance as I think. I shall support
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Wisconsin, because, regarding the effect of a
pardon as I do, I cannot vote otherwise. The
effect of a pardon is to wipe out the offense
itself; it goes to the offense, not to the judg-
ment ofJhe court; the man pardoned stands
in the eye of the law, as has been stated by the
Senator from Wisconsin, as if he had not com-
mitted the crime at all. The Constitution con-
ferring the power of pardoning upon the Presi-
dent, when the President exercises the power,
Congress and each Senator, in my judgment, is
bound to give all the force and effect to the
pardon that the Constitution itself gives and
that the laws give. If the effect of the pardon
is to remove all responsibility and all legal
consequences whatever of the crime, Senators,
in my judgment, are bound so to regard it.
Then, Mr. President, if this is intended as
punishment, clearly we cannot do it upon two
grounds stated so well by the Supreme Court.
If the party be pardoned we cannot punish him
afterward. If this be a punishment not pre-
scribed at the time the offense was committed
we cannot prescribe it now. It is said that
these men are denied the right to vote, because
it is not safe to allow them to vote, for polit-
ical considerations. But we take away from
them a privilege that they now enjoy because
of a crime committed by them. That is the
effect of our act if we pass this bill. The Su-
preme Court has said that that cannot be done
in the decision upon the test oath as applicable
to lawyers.
But, sir, if it has not that legal effect bind-
ing upon us; in other words, if it has not the
effect under the Constitution to make this
enactment void so far a3 part of the persons
are concerned, yet as a political question how
does it address us, how does it address our
consciences? Under the Constitution a man
is pardoned by the act of the President; he
stands as if he had committed no offense in
the eye of the law; can we, then, in the enact-
ment of laws say that he shall be treated as
one who has committed an offense? Suppose
in fact they had never committed an offeuse,
would any Senator dream of excluding them
from participation in the formation of a State
government, from the exercise of political
power under the existing government? Clearly
not. Then if the act of the Presidenthas been
to place them as if they had never committed
an offense it seems to me that it addresses our
consciences as I have suggested. I do not
think we can strip a man of his citizenship as
a punishment for crime after the crime has
been committed. I think that is too well set-
tled by the Supreme Court to be doubted; and
I think we cannot punish him in any way after
he is pardoned. Now, it is a mere evasion, as
I think, to say that this is not done because a
crime has been committed. You may call it
thus, but in fact it is because they committed
a crime 
Mr. D00LITTLE. If the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana will give way, I will read a
few sentences from the recent decision of the
Supreme Court bearing on the precise point
with which we are now dealing.
Mr. HENDRICKS. With pleasure.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. "The Constitution,"
says Judge Field, delivering the opinion of the
court—
" The Constitution deals with substance, not shad-
ows. Its inhibition was leveled at the thing, not the
name. It intended that the rights of the citizcn
should be secured against deprivation for past con-
duct by legislative enactment, however disguised.
II the inhibition can be avoided bv the form of tho
enactment, its insertion in the fundamental law was
a vain and futile proceeding." * * * * •
"Now, the clauses in the Missouri constitution
wtncn are the subject of consideration do not in
terms define any crime or declare that any punish-
ment shall be inflicted, but they produce the same
result upon the parties against whom they are di rected
as though the crimes were defined and the punish-
e ^ed* They assume that there are persons
in Missouri who are guilty of some of the acts desig-
nated. Ahey would have no meaning in the consti-
tution were not such the fact. They are aimed at
past acts, and not future facts. They were intended
to operate upon parties who, in some form or man-
ner, by action or words, directly or indirectly, had
aided or countenanced the rebellion or sympathized
with parties engaged in the rebellion, or had en-
deavored to escape the proper responsibilities and
duties of a citizen m time of war. And they were
intended to operate by depriving such persons of the
right to hoid certain offices and trusts, and to pursue
their oreiinary and regular avocations. This depri-
vation is punishment; nor is it any less so because a
way is opened for escape from it by the expureatory
oath.
And then they discuss the question as to the
effect of the oath. The court lay down the
general principles that—
" The deprivation of any rights, civil or political,
may be punishment, the circumstances attending 'I
and the causes of deprivation determining this fact.
Disqualification from office may be punishment, as in
cases of conviction upon impeachment."
j I also wish to call the attention of the hon-
orable Senator to the fact that the statute which
defines the crime of treason makes the depri-
vation of office a part of the punishment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is no question
about the fact that both Congress and the States
; have made disfranchisement and ineligibility
I to hold office a punishment for crime. It is a
! very high punishment to a man of sensitive
j feelings, perhaps not as severe as to be impris-
oned at labor, and yet it is a high punish-
| ment to take away from a man the power which
I the citizens enjoy in the making of their gov-
ernments, in the enactment of their laws, and
1 to place him in a position of political inferi-
i ority. It is a high punishment and was so
treated by Congress in declaring that it shall
be one of the punishments of the crime of trea-
son, in declaring that it shall be one of the
punishments for desertion from the Army. It
is so treated by the States in providing that
it shall be a part of the punishment for high
crimes.
This bill as it stands proposes that a class
of men, because of their participation in the
rebellion, shall not be allowed to hold office
nor to vote. If the President has pardoned
these men, I submit to Senators, can we do
this? Independently of the decision of the
Supreme Court, which is directly upon the
point, can we do it ? If they have been restored
by the act of pardon under the Constitution of
the United States to the position in the eye of
the law which they occupied before the offense,
can we treat them as yet guilty ? Does the
Constitution not address the judgments of legis-
lators as well as of courts ? A court could not
punish a man after he had been pardoned.
Suppose a person guilty of participation in the
rebellion-were indicted for it, and he should
present to the court in support of a plea to that
indictment his letters of pardon or the procla-
mation of the President of the United States,
with proof of the acts on his part which brought
him under the proclamation, would the court
have any discretion ? Certainly not, because
the Constitution gives to the President the
power to relieve this man from the responsi-
bility for his crime. If, then, the court could
have no discretion, how can Congress, how
can any Senator refuse to give the act of par-
don the full force which under the Constitution
and laws it does have ?
Mr. STEWART. I do not wish to occupy
the time of the Senate; but I think the Sen-
ators from Wisconsin and Indiana have mis-
taken the ruling of the court in the cases
referred to. It will be observed that we are
now creating certain officers for the purpose
of making a preliminary organization. The
court say in their opinion, and the same dis-
tinction is drawn in several places, "The pro-
fession of an attorney and counselor is not
like an office created by an act of Congress,"
" the possession of which may be burdened
with conditions." A question of that kind
was once presented in a case from the State
of Massachusetts, and Mr. Webster drew the
distinction very clearly that it was within the
power of the State to prescribe qualifications
for offices created by the State. So with Con-
gress. Congress desires agents for the pur-
pose of carrying out its legislation. It may
select its own agents without being obnoxious to
the ruling of the recent decisions. Now, I for
my own part should not prefer this amendment
of the House: I think it unnecessary as a mat-
ter of policy; but I care very little about it,
and it having been attached to the bill, I do not
deem it of sufficient importance to oppose it.
It certainly cannot be said that when we Bre
proceeding to reorganize civil government in
the South we cannot select the persons who
shall perform those functions and prescribe
their qualifications. The Supreme Court have
not taken any such position as that; tbey have
been very studious to draw the distinction be-
tween the profession of an attorney and the
