198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
sition to amend tie Constitution reported by
the reconstruction committee and threw it back
fiva or six months, in opposition to almost
every one of his friends here. It was, as a
consequence, delayed till after the adjourn-
ment of the State Legislatures. There stood
Maryland ready to adopt your constitutional
amendment, if her Legislature could have re-
ceived it in time; but it was opposed here, I
will not say factiously, until the time for ac-
tion there had passed by, and thus you lost one
State, perhaps for many years; and the Sen-
ator finally voted for a proposition just as
objectionable on the point upon which he made
his opposition as the one that he contended
against so strenuously.
Sir, it will not do always to stand upon these
narrow grounds. It is not always statesman-
like to do it. I think it is better to look to
consequences, to see what great bearing meas-
ures before the Senate will have. I want these
loyal States in the Union. I am more anxious
that they should come in than I am that the
southern Statesshould be reconstructed. They
can well wait and undergo a probation until we
are satisfied that they have reformed, repented,
and become loyal.
But, sir, I do not wish to pursue this kind
of argument; I know it is taking time. Now,
let me say to the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Henderson,] who says that all the questions
liave been taken here early,atfour or five o'clock,
that I do not remember of one single great
question that ever has passed this body since I
have been here except after just such a scuffle
as this late in the night. We always debate
them until gentlemen are tired of debate and
submit to have the question taken. I cannot
remember. I say again, unless an arrangement
has been made, an occasion when any question
of considerable importance has been settled in
this Senate in the daytime.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed until the
7th day of January next and made the order
of the day at one o'clock; and I desire to say
just one or two words upon that subject.
It is very evident to every Senator that the
discussion that is going on this evening is of
no practical benefit so far as this bill is con-
cerned. One or two hours have been expended
in a controversy between the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts and the Senator from Ohio, and I
sympathize with both Senators, [laughter;] but
I do not see that it is of any particular advan-
age for us to stay here to continue that further.
It is not a fair opportunity now, as every Sen-
ator will say, to debate this bill and the amend-
ments that are proposed. The Senator from
Pennsylvania wishes to address the Senate upon
this bill: he says upon the bill itself; the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts wishes to be heard
upon the question of the rights of man; and I
wish to hear both of them, but not just now,
[laughter;] and neither of them wishes to
speak just now.
1 will say to the Senator from Ohio, and I
think he will concede the fact, that although I
am opposed to his bill and will vote against it,
yet 1 have interposed no factious opposition.
I desire him to have an early and fair hearing
of his bill, and if there is a majority of this
body in favor of it let them pass it; if there is
a majority against it, which I think is not very
§robable, then it will not be passed. If the
enator from Ohio will say that the measure is
in any danger by being postponed to the 7th
of January, when we can dispose of it in a
reasonable time, then I will withdraw my mo-
tion ; but there will be then two months very
nearly left of the session.
I do not agree with him, and I do not think
there is another Senator who will agree with
the Senator from Ohio, that this is just as simple
a thing as an action of assumpsit, the first or
second count in a declaration. I think it is
very different. There are%ome actions of
assumpsit that are complicated, that it takes a
good lawyer to understand, but I suppose* he
refers to a suit on a warranty of a horse. I
think that is what he is thinking about. Now,
I am not able to see—I do not think it is a
yery simple proposition made by the Senator
from Massachusetts that we shall change a
constitution of a State by the joint action of
Congress and of the territorial Legislature.
It is a first principle in regard to statutes that
the power which enacts a statute can repeal it.
The act which we may pass upon this subject
we can repeal. The act that the territorial or
State Legislatures out there may pass can be
repealed; but where is the constitution? If
the territorial Legislature agrees to our pre-
sent proposition, as suggested by the Senator
from Massachusetts, the next Legislature hav-
ing equal power may repeal that, and what be-
comes of your provision of the Constitution ?
I am sure lawyers here will not say that this is
a simple question. It is a troublesome ques-
tion. If we postpone it to the 7th day of Jan-
uary it can be acted on. I do not think it is
becoming to press a thing of this sort when
Senators say they wish to discuss the merits
of it, when we can easily pass it, and there is
no difficulty about it, by postponing it to the
7th day of January.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I should be glad to
know the effect of this motion. If the bill
should be postponed until 'hat day, and after
the commencement of our session after the
adjournment other business should be brought
up and left unfinished from day to day on the
7th of January next, will not the unfinished
business have precedence of this?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the
rule of the Senate, the unfinished business of
the day before takes precedence of all special
orders.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I think, then, we had
better keep it before the Senate until we ad-
journ. If we can do no better, let it be the
first thing in order when we meet again.
I did not intend to say a single word in regard
to this question, following my usual course of
contenting myself with voting; but one or two
remarks have fallen from the Senator from
Massachusetts that in my judgment render it
necessary that I should say a word. He com-
pares the ease of the Territory of Nebraska to
that of the lately rebellious States. I think
there is a great difference between them. The
people of the Territory of Nebraska are loyal
men; the people of the late rebellious States
are not loyal; and when he compares the one
with the other I think he does injustice to him-
self and to the people of that Territory.
Mr. SUMNER. I made no such comparison.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. He speaks of the con-
stitution submitted by some persons in Louisi-
ana as odious, as offensive, and compares the
constitution of Nebraska and the constitution
of that State or proposed State intending to
convey the idea, 1 presume, that the constitu-
tion of Nebraska is odious and offensive. Now,
I wish to say to that Senator that the constitu-
tion of Nebraska and the constitution of Iowa
in this particular are identical. Does he call
the constitution of Iowa odious and offensive ?
Does he call the constitution of Illinois odious
and offensive ? I do not stand hero to hear the
constitution of the State I in part represent on
this floor so characterized; and the Senator
from Massachusetts I think forgets what is due
to him and due to the people of these States
when he so characterizes them. The people
of Iowa are as loyal as the people of Massa-
clinsetts arc.
Mr. SUMNER. No doubt about it. I never
said otherwise. t
Mr. KIRKWOOD. But he said our con-
stitution was offensive.
Mr. SUMNER. I made no allusion to the
constitution of Iowa.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. But you made an allu-
sion to a constitution precisely similar in this
identical point to that of Iowa. The Senator
from Massachusetts, it seems to roe, sometimes
assumes more than belongs to hiui in talking
about these tilings. He should remember that
there arc other States in this Union besides
Massachusettsj and when bespeaks of partic-
ulars wherein those States do not agree with
Massachusetts he should be careful of the
terms he applies to them.
Now, what is this, question? . Why should
the application for the admission of this Ter-
ritory be compared with the application-of the
States lately in rebellion to be admitted here?
It is doing injustice to these people—people
who have been all the time during this rebel-
lion as loyal as the people of any State in this
Union. It is wrong to place them side by side
with the men who have been in rebellion against
our Government; it is unfair to them; and
I repeat again I cannot see the difference be-
tween characterizing the constitution of Iowa
as odious and offensive, and characterizing the
constitution of another State that agrees with
it precisely in terms, in that way.
Mr. SUMNER. May I ask the Senator if
he considers that provision in the constitutfon
of Iowa right or wrong?
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I conceive it to be the
business of the people of Iowa aad not the busi-
ness of the Senator from Massachusetts. The
people of Iowa will deal with it in their owa
way when they see fit; and as a loyal people
they have the right to do so; and so I appre-
hend have the people of Nebraska.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Iowa has
not been in this body very long. Had he been
here longer, he would have known that toward
the people of Iowa, by my vote and voice, I
have always been true. One of the earliest
efforts that I made in this Chamber, now many
years ago, was in protection of the interests of
the people of Iowa. On that occasion, as the
records will show, I received from the Senators
of Iowa expressions of friendship and kindness
which I cannot forget. I have never thought
of the State of Iowa except with kindness and
respect. I have never alluded to the State of
Iowa except with kindness and respect. I have
made no allusion to Iowa to-night. I have not
had Iowa in my mind to-night in any remarks
that I have made ; and, sir, for one good rea-
son : it is my habit when I speak in this body,
so far as I am able, to speak directly to the
question. The State of Iowahas not been be-
fore us; her constitution has not been before
us. Therefore, I have had no occasion to ex-
press any opinion upon it.
But there is another constitution which has
been before us and on which I have been asked
to vote. On that constitution I express an
opinion. I say it contains an odious and offen-
sive principle ; and I doubt if the Senator from
Iowa would undertake to say that an exclusion
from rights on account of color would be prop-
erly characterized otherwise than as odious
and offensive. I did not know that the consti-
tution of Iowa was open to that objection, or
if I knew it it was not in my mind ; but I do
know that the constitution of Nebraska is open
to that objection, and in that respect I pro-
nounce it odious and offensive. It contains a
disfranchisement of men on account of color,
and it is a little difficult to speak of that with-
out losing perhaps a little patience. It is dif-
ficult at this time, when we have such great
responsibilities throwu upon us with reference
to the States lately in rebellion, to look upon
a candidate State like that of Nebraska, com-
ing forward with a constitution containing this
principle of disfranchisement, withoat feeling
the strongest disposition to use language which
I do not want to use, language of the utmost
condemnation. I say that such a constitution
at this moment from a new State does not
deserve any quarter. I say the constitution
ought to be a hissing and a by-word; and
I am at a loss to understand how any Sena-
tor at this time, having the great responsibil-
ities that we have with regard to the States
lately in rebellion, can look upon a new con-
stitution like this except as a hissing and a
by-word. Sir, it is a shame to the people that
bring it here, and it will be a shame to Con-
gress if it gives it its sanction. I use that lan-
guage advisedly, and I stand by it even at the
expense of the criticism of the. Senator from
Iowa.
But when I say this I intend no reflection
