1866.
THE KDOMJRESSIOHAL GLOBE.
upon the State "of Iowa: The State of Iowa is
riot before us. , The State of Iowa is not a new
State, or Territory ratlier, applying for admis-
sion ; nor is it, thank God, a rebel State, but it
is a true loyal. State which in, other days, some
years ago, in haste .and under the sinister
influences of tha hour, introduced words into its
constitution which the. Senatpr from thatState
now brings forward into this .Chamber, not for
condemnation, but from his tone I should sup-
pose for praise. - Sir, he should rather follow
another example and throwa cover over that
part of the constitution which is unworthy/>f
the civilization of our times.
I am very sorry >to have been led into these
remarks. I was astonished that the Senator
from Iowa should compel me to make them.
When I go back to the earlier days, I think that
perhaps I might have expected other things
from a Senator of Iowa. However, I have
said enough on that point.
And now, sir, I come again to the question
which, in the opinion of the Senator froin Ohio,
is^o trivial, nothing more than a question of
assumpsit.
Mr. WADE. A common eountin assumpsit.
Mr. SUMNER. A common count. That
;s the way he regards it at one moment, and
then in another moment it is a great question.
Did he not say that no great question had ever
been settled in this body except late in t.he
evening, and in that way, unless his language
was entirely vague, he meant to class the
pending question among those of that char-
Mr. WADE. No, I did not.
Mr. SUMNEE. He says no, he did not.
Then so much the worse -for him. He will
regret hereafter that he did not see that this
question was a great question; that whether
we should admit a new State at this moment,
with that offensive constitution, is a great ques-
tion, one of the greatest that has ever been
submitted to the Senate. However, I will not
say any more, except that I move an adjourn-
ment, [laughter;] and on that motion I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 18 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Brown, Doolittle, Edmunds,
Hendricks Morgan, Patterson, Poland, Pomeroy,
Spragne, Sumner, and Wilson—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Creswell, Fogg,
Foster, Frelinghuysen, Howard, Howe. Kirkwood,
Lane, Morrill, Boss, Stewart, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Wade, Willey, and Yates—]8.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bnekalew, Conness,
Cowan, Cragin, "Davis, Dixon, Fessenden, Fowler,
Grimes, Guthrie. Harris, Henderson, Johnson, Me-
Dougall, Nesmith, Norton, Nye, Ramsey, Kiddle,
Saulsbury, Sherman, and Williams—23.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. POMEROY. I voted to adjourn because
I supposed that there were Senators who desired
to discuss this matter at considerable length,
not because I was not willing myself to take
the vote, and take it now, or because I desired
to occupy any long time in the discussion.
During the time I have been here I have never
known at this stage of the session any effort to
pass a bill when there were Senators like the
Senator from Vermont, the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, and the Senator from Pennsylvania,
who said they desired to discuss the question.
It was only out of courtesy to them that I voted
to adjourn, because that courtesy has always
been extended I think at this stage of the ses-
sion. I admit that toward the close of a
session when we are obliged to press measures,
that courtesy is not always, and perhaps not
often, extended; but at the commencement of
a session, when there was no great pressure
upon us, and when the shadow of a bill has
come over us that looks as though the next
Congress was going to be joined on to this,
there can be no great pressing necessity for
passing this measure to-night; at the same time,
if it is insisted upon, I have no objections to
staying.
I certainly shall vote for this bill; and I can
state in a single word why I cannot vote for the
amendment. I am embarrassed by the previous
action of Congress. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts; who believes just as I do upon, this
question of suffrage, is not embarrassed. I am
embarrassed for this reason: when this Terri-
tory was organized, it contained precisely the
same qualifications, as the Territory which has
since become the State which I have the honor
in part to represent. Congress in that organic
act said that over the question of suffrage, for
the first Legislature,- voters should have certain
specified qualifications; but that the qualifica-
tion for voting in this Territory for all subse-
quent Legislatures after the first should be made
by the people of the Territory in their legis-
lative capacity. Now, when we delegated this
question of suffrage to the people of those
Territories in the organic act, did it not pass
from us?
- Again, when we passed an enabling act in
1864, we said that the law of the Territory
should bc.the qualification of voting. We had
previously said that the people should have the
right to fix it, in the organic act in 1854. Then
in 1864, ten years from that time, we said that
the law of the Territory should be the law of
suffrage, that they should define the qualifica-
tions for voters. Now, the Senator from Massa-
chusetts comes in and says that this question
of voting shall be settled by an act of Congress
and the State Legislature when that is called
together. I submit that neither Congress nor
the State Legislature to be convened under the
call of the Governor of the Territory have
anything to do with the question. It is a ques-
tion of making a portion of the constitution,
and neither Congress nor that Legislature can
make any portion of the constitution. If they
can make any portion they can make the
whole.
Therefore I say I am embarrassed. If it
was a new question, I would vote at any time
to let every man who is a citizen of the United
States .and who has the qualification of age
and residence vote, irrespective of color. If
this was a new question there would be no di-
vision among us. But I say I am embarrassed
by having previously voted that the qualifica-
tion for voting in this Territory should bo
decided by the Legislature of the Territory.
I do not believe that we can come in now and
say that the new Legislature of the State to-
gether with Congress can make a part of the
constitution on this subject; and therefore I
shall have to vote almost against my own con-
victions; I shall have to vote against this
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts and then the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri, because I believe our hands
are tied up by previous legislation.
This question presented to us in this light
does not apply to the rebel States at all. I
shall not be embarrassed in my action in refer-
ence to the rebel States by my action on this
bill. These people have vested rights by pre-
vious acts of Congress, and they have not for-
feited them. They are loyal now and always
have been. They have lived up to every con-
tract we have made with them. We cannot
come in and take any advantage of their action
to repudiate our own. On that ground, I say
that the question of suffrage for the people of
that Territory is not with us. We lost it years
ago. It is with the people, I admit, but it is
not with us in any sense, so that Congress and
the territorial or State Legislature can fix it.
The people in their original capacity can do it,
I admit; but that is not the proposition before
us ; that is not the proposition of the Senator
from Massachusetts; and it is on that account
I have to vote against his amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I do not
rise for the purpose of entering at large into
the discussion, because I perceive that gentle-
men of the Senate are unwilling to hear ; but
I do rise for the purpose of saying one word
in reply to my friend from Kansas, who admits
that this constitution as it is now presented to
us, or rather that this instrument which will
become a constitution when we agree to it and
not before, is radically unjust and wrong in its
provisions, and yet he feels bound to agree to
it on account of the fact that the previous ac-
tion of Congress, and himself as a member of
it, has committed him to that course. Now, I
undertake to declare that in my opinion until
this proposition which Congress holds- out' to
the people of the Territory shall have become
final by the action of both parties-, -ratified.By
the final action of both parties, it is wholly and
perfectly within the control of Congress to undo
it whenever, in its judgment, founded upon a
sense of any previous mistake or upon : any
question- of poliey which may arise, it shall
think fit to undo it. We may organize a Ter-
ritory to-day; we may disorganize it to:mor-
row; and the whole course of'the Government
and judicial decisions nnder territorial- l&ws
has always been to. uphold the doctrine that
over the Territories, whether in an unorgan-
ized or an organized condition, the law-making
power of the land has supreme and complete
control, as much so as it has in this District,
where by the Constitution, under other words -
to be sure, we are invested with legislative
authority. . '
Now, I 'beg to put it to my friend from Kan-
sas whether he would feel bound by the express
committal of Congress in the act of 1854, to
admit this Territory into this body as a repre-
sented State with a constitution such as the aet
of1854expressly authorized thatpeopleto make.
The act of 1854, which organized that Territory,
was born under the blessed influence of what
is called the squatter-sovereignty or Douglas
doctrine, and by that act Congress expressly
committed itself to allow the people of that
Territory to set up the institution of slavery if
they pleased, and solemnly agreed in advance,
if it be an agreement, that they would receive
that State with slavery if it chose to have
slavery. The language of the act of 1854 is in
these words:
"And when admitted as a State or States, the said
Territory, or any portion of the same" 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will my friend from
Yermont, allow me to make a suggestion?
Mr. EDMUNDS. With pleasure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand he is
desirous of addressing the Senate upon the
whole subject, and as I have come to the con-
clusion that it is perfectly useless to attempt to
get a vote on this bill to-night, on consultation
with the honorable Senator who has it in
charge, with the permission of the Senator from
Vermont and the Senate, I should like to move
an adjournment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will yield to such a
motion if it be agreeable to the gentlemen who
have charge of the bill; but I do not wish to
get time-against the will of my friends.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will
give way, I wish to say that I am very much
averse always to interposing a motion to
adjourn against the wishes of those who have
charge of the bill on my own side of the
House, or stand in their way, but I have be^
come convinced that it is out of the question
to attempt to get a vote to-night, such a vote as
wc would be likely to have with the Senate so
thin. Many Senators have gone home. Some
Senators desire to address the Senate ; and a
question of this importance certainly ought not
to be acted upon at such an hour and with so
thin a Senate. Under such circumstances
therefore, it' my friend on my right [Mr. Waue]
has no objection, I will move an adjournment.
Mr. WADE. Several of the friends of the
measure who have been acting with me think
it would be better to adjourn. My own judg-
ment is that we shall have it just in this same
fix the next time. Nevertheless, their judg-
ment is that we ought to give more time. Some
gentlemen wish to speak on the subject. I
was exceedingly anxious to get this bill to a
vote before we adjourn. However, finding
that that is the wish of many of those acting
with us, I will not resist the adjournment any
longer, but shall expect to take the bill, up to-
morrow and finish it if I can.
• Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
