1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
96B
may, for his own subsistence and for his fam-
ily, retain a certain amount of property that
shall not be liable to be taken by any legal
process for payment of his debts. No ques-
tion is raised here, none ever has been raised,
but that those State laws are entirely constitu-
tional. It has been decided over and over
again that the States may make additional ex-
emptions of property as against debts that were
already in existence in the time. So no ques-
tion arises but what the State laws, providing
that certain property may be retained by debt-
ors against their creditors, are valid and consti-
tutional and binding.
Now, whatdoes this bill propose to do, as the
House passed it? We propose simply to get up
a law and adapt legal machinery to it, by which
all the property of every bankrupt throughout
the United States that is liable for the payment
of his debts may be taken and administered
and distributed equally among the creditors.
This is all this amounts to. If there were no
exemptions by State laws and we were to make
an exemption; if by existing laws all the prop-
erty of every debtor throughout the country was
liable for the payment of his debts and we were
to undertake to establish a system of adminis-
tration throughout the entire country, I should
agree 1 think that w^must make an exemption
that should be uniform in all the States; but
that is not what we attempt to do. By this bill
we lay hold of, we seize all the property of
every bankrupt that is liable for the payment
oT his debts by law, against which the creditors
have any right to proceed by any process in the
State courts, or in the United States courts;
and we say that all that property shall be taken
and be distributed in a particular way equally
among all the creditors.
Is not that uniform? In order to comply
with this requirement of the Constitution, to
have the system of bankruptcy uniform, is it
necessary that it must operate in every State
precisely alike? Are there not a great variety
of contracts that are bindingand legal and valid
and hold a man's property in one State that
would be entirely invalid and inoperative to
hold his property in another State?
But it may be said that this proves nothing,
because a contract valid by the laws of the
State where made must be valid everywhere.
But under the bankrupt law of 1841 the ques-
tion arose in relation to statute liens. I men-
tioned the other day the controversy that arose
in New England, beginniugbetween Judge Story
and Jud^e Parker, who was then chief justice
of New Hampshire, in relation to our New Eng-
land attachment liens; I believe they are not
known, out of New England, in any part of the
United States as an ordinary process. With
us in New England when a man brings an
action for the collection of a debt, if he can
find property of the debtor, he sends out the
sheriff and seizes it upon the writ in advance
of any judgment, without filing any affidavit
that the party is going to abscond or has prop-
erty concealed. It is a matter of right with
him. The bankrupt law of 18-11 provided that
liens upon property should be saved from the
operation of the bankrupt law. The question
arose whether these statute liens in New Eng-
land came within the meaning of the bankrupt
law, and it was eventually settled that they did ;
they were sustained.
' It was utterly impossible that any such lien
could exist in any State out of New England
under any State law ; there were no such liens
ou property elsewhere. If the bankrupt law
of 1841 protected those liens upon property in
New England, it established a rule for New
England that was different from that established
in any other State, and saved a kind of claims
upon property which in any other State could
not exist; and these were not like contracts
that were entered into in one State which
would be good everywhere, because these eould
have no force or effect out of the State, could
not be enforced in any other place. And yet
the Supreme Court of the United States hald
that the recognition of the State liens by that
bankrupt law did not render it liable to the
objection of want of uniformity in the constitu-
tional sense.
I do not desire to enter into any extended
discussion. Enough has been said by other
Senators in relation to this question, so that it
is understood in all its bearin s; and it seems
to me that it is entirely clear that the adoption
of these different homestead exemptions of the
different States does not prevent the law from
being uniform in a legal sense. I might say
that when the bankrupt law of 1841 was under
discussion in Congress an amendment was
adopted in the House by a very considerable
majority embodying the very provision that is
contained in this bill, and that amendment
was moved by a member of Congress who is
now one of the judges of the Supreme Court
of the United States. Eventually that amend-
ment was struck out by a small majority, but it
was at one time adopted, and adopted upon the
motion of a gentleman who is now one of the
judges of the Supremo Court of the United
States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On this question of
uniformity as to exemptions I wish to suggest
that practically, if there is any want of uni-
formity hero, the same want of uniformity ex-
ists now under the laws of the United States,
because the Eederal judges and Federal courts
in every one of the States, in the collection of
debts, recognize and enforce the existing ex-
emption laws of the several States, so that in
California the Federal courts allow an exemp-
tion of $5,000 worth of property as not liable
to the payment of debts, while in the State of
New lork the Federal courts recognize $1,000
as the value of the homestead there not liable ;
and in all the States they recognize the various
exemptions precisely as they exist under State
laws. You might with just as much propriety
say that those laws which our Federal judiciary
are now enforcing in every State are unconsti-
tutional, because they are not uniform in their
operation, as to say that this bankrupt bill,
when it shall have been enacted into a law,
will not be uniform.
Mr. GRIMES. There is no requirement of
uniformity in the case to which the Senator
refers.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Every law of the United
States must be uniform in every State. You
cannot pass a law for one State that is not to
apply to another.
Mr. GRIMES. Why not?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Because the laws which
are to be passed must be uniform of necessity,
and I say that so far as the uniformity of the
laws of the United States is concerned to-day
in the enforcement of the payment of debts
the several exemptions of the States are recog-
nized by the courts.
Mr. GRIMES. But not recognized under
any uniform bankrupt law of the United States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is no answer to
the point which I make. I say that the uni-
formity of the rule is this: to take in every
State all the property that is liable to the pay-
ment of debts and distribute it. You take
what is liable in California, you take what is
liable in Iowa, you take what is liable in Penn-
sylvania, and distribute it by a uniform rule.
Mr. STEWART. It seems to me that the
decision of the Supreme Court of the United
Stales in the case of Peck and others vs. Jen-
iiess and others, reported in 7 Howard, has an
important bearing upon the principle here in-
volved, and I am unable to distinguish between
the cases. The learned Senator from Con-
necticut admits that if Congress passed a bank-
rupt law, whereby in one State the bankrupt's
property eould be taken under judgment liens
and in another State not, it would"have the
same want of uniformity that this has.
Mr. FOSTER. I beg to correct the honor-
able Senator. I made no such admission. I
did not admit that a law of Congress recog-
nizing the existence of legal liens on property
in the different States would have the same
want of uniformity that the present clause in
this bill has.
Mr. STEWART. Well, I will read the sylla-
bus of the case in 7 Howard, to show that an
analogous question has been before the Su-
preme Court of the United States, and has
been decided:
" The proviso of tho second section of the bankrupt
act, passed on tho 19th of August, 1841, preserves all
liens which may bo valid by tho laws of the States
respectively."
The States under this power to make liens
might perhaps make liens m favor of the family
as well as in favor of the creditors, which is
the ordinary way.
" In some of tho States, attachments are issued on
mesne process by which tho property seized is to
await tho result of the suit. This constitutes a lien
which is saved by the proviso in tho bankrupt act."
Some States allowed liens in favor of the
bankrupt's judgment creditors; other States
did not allow such liens: was that not a want
of uniformity? And yet the bankrupt law of
1841 was held to be constitutional. Surely
there was as great a want of uniformity under
the lien laws as there can be under the exemp-
tion laws of the States. The principle is the
same, so far as 1 can comprehend it.
"Therefore, whero an attachment was issued, and
the defendants afterward applied for the benefit of-
tho bankrupt act, a plea of bankiuptoy was not suffi-
cient to prevent, a judgment from being rendered
condemning the property under attachment.
"Tho fourth section of tho statute, if it stood alone,
would make a plea of bankruptcy a good plea in bar
in dischargo of all debts; but if thewholo statute bo
construed together this is not theresult.
"A rcioinder, setting forth that tho district court
of tho United States hud decidcd that the attach-
ment was not a valid lien upon tho pioperty, was not
a good rejoinder.
" The district court eould not oust the State court
of its Jurisdiction which had already attached."
The bankrupt law of 1841 in States whore
they had not this attachment law—and I be-
lieve it existed only in New England—-reached
all the property of the debtor. In New Eng-
land when a debtor became in failing circum-
stances a creditor would issue an attachment
and require a lien, and in the distribution of
the assets would get his whole debt if the
assets were sufficient to meet it; but that prac-
tice was not allowed out of New England.
Yet the Supreme Court did not hold that tho
law was unconstitutional for that reason.
That was a greater and more unfair inequality
than will be created by allowing the States to
provide within their respective limits for a
small pittance to be reserved, either in the
shape of a homestead or an exemption of
property from execution, for the benefit of the
family.
Mr. FOSTER. I am quite unable to see the
analogy which the honorable Senator from Ne-
vada undertakes to trace between a lien created
by a creditor attaching property prior to final
judgment and an exemption law of a State
giving a man a homestead of unlimited value
free from all claims of creditors. In the case
of an attachment, the lien may become perfect
by pursuing the claim to final judgment, taking
out execution, and levying it upon the property.
The amount of the lien is then ascertained,
and it can be discharged by applying the prop-
! erty to the payment of the debt if the property
be sufficient. But the case the honorable Sen-
ator puts is that of an exemption of a creditor's
property as against all debts. Where is the
analogy? Is there any lien in that case which
is to be perfected by showing the amount which
may rest on the property ? None whatever—
the amount can neither be ascertained nor dis-
charged.
The Senator talks about creating a lien for
the benefit of the family. Suppose it were
provided that property of the debtor, a home-
stead of unlimited amount, should be exempt
from sale, attachment, or execution at the suit
of creditors, for the benefit of the family ; what
then? Would that aid the matter? Could the
family show the amount of their lien on the
property? Is there any mode of ascertaining
what the value of that lien is and discharging
it, and then having the residue of the property
applied to the payment of honest; debts? Not
at all. Nor is it necessary that what the Sen-
ator calls a lien should be for anybody s bene-
fit but that of the debtor himself. He may
