964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
have no family, no wife, no children, and still
if a State passes a law that every individual
may hold a house and land of unlimited value
exempt from attachment or execution in favor
of his creditors, the lien must he equally effect-
ive where there are no wife and children, as
where there are both. Bat it is no lien at all.
What we mean by lien is a legal claim on prop-
erty held for the satisfaction of a debt, .which
can be ascertained, and when ascertained, may
be paid, and the property so held as security
for the debt is then relieved. There is nothing
of that sort in this case. There is no analogy
whatever—not the remotest. This is no lien
in any sense in which the law recognizes the
term "lien." It is an abuse of terms to call
.it so.
Mr. STEWART. It appears to me that the
reason why the Senator from Connecticut fails
to perceive the analogy, is that he fails to see
the exact objection to this bill. The objection,
as I understand it, is want of uniformity; and
it is said that it must be uniform in distributing
all the property of the debtor, that if it dis-
tributes all the property of the debtor in one
State it must in another. We, on the contrary,
say that what is meant by uniformity is the dis-
tribution of what property the debtor has which
is liable to execution at the time of the act of
bankruptcy. _ Our opponents say that it means
the distribution of all his property. What dif-
ference does it make, so far as regards the prin-
ciple of uniformity, whether the property is
taken under the State law and given to his
family, or taken under the State law and given
to his creditors? It is not in either event dis-
tributed under this bankrupt law. Yon say that
if it is not distributed under the bankrupt law
the law is not a uniform law. We show you
instances where property was not distributed
under the bankrupt law, but taken by attach-
ing creditors who happened to get in first in
some States where they have that process; and
of course that proceeding was not allowed in
other States, and the Supreme Court recognized
the right of the attaching creditors in a few
States that had this summary process to acquire
a lien and take the bankrupt's property, and
thus to prevent its distribution among the credit-
ors generally. A State enables its citizens to
do that by its laws, and the Supreme Court held
the congressional act which permitted this to
be done to be a constitutional bankrupt law.
This bill provides that whatever is subject to
execution ijnder the State laws shall be dis-
tributed among the creditors. If in order to
make a uniform bankrupt law you must dis-
tribute all the property that the debtor has,
you must abrogate the State laws that allow
liens to be acquired. Then we say that the
former law was unconstitutional; because all the
property was not distributed in some States,
while it was in others—it operated differently
in one State from another.
The objection to this bill is that it operates
differently in one State from what it does in
another, because the amount of homestead
exemption in one State is larger than in an-
other. The former bill operated differently in
the different States; because Vermont had an
attachment lj,w which enabled her citizens
when they saw a debtor in failing circum-
stances to acquire liens upon his property, and
other States had no such law, and conse-
quently when the bankrupt's property came to
be distributed in Vermont the State laws regu-
lated the distribution to a certain extent. Now
we say we will allow these State laws to oper-
ate in favor of the homestead exemption for
the family of the bankrupt. It is quite as
equitable and as fair to allow it for that pur-
pose as to allow it in favor of the first grabbing
creditor, if I may be permitted to use the ex-
pression. Is it a greater exercise of power
to let a State law come in and take some of the
property for the support of the family of the
bankrupt than it is to let the State law come
in and take a portion of it for the benefit of
the attaching creditor? The equity is as high
in the one ease as in the other, and there is as
much uniformity in the one ease as in the other.
The objection to this bill is the want of uni-
formity. The act of 1841 had a greater want
of uniformity in reserving the liens of attach-
ing creditors and allowing them an advantage.
I think the law of 1841 gave an undue advan-
tage to attaching creditors by preserving their
liens. I think that was bad policy. I do not
think it was equitable and fair, W hen a man
goes into bankruptcy his property should be
distributed among all the creditors. But that
is not the point; the policy of'the law per-
mitted an exercise of power on the part of the
States to prevent an equal distribution of the
assets, if you mean by assets all that the bank-
rupt may possibly have. If you mean by a
uniform bankrupt law one which shall operate
alike on all the property subject to execution
in the various States, that the same acts of
fraud shall constitute a cause for forcing a man
into bankruptcy in one State as in another,
that the practico shall be the same in all the
courts, and that when the assets are distrib-
uted the citizens of one State shall share in
them like the citizens of any other State, here
you have such a bill, and you run in conflict
with no State laws. But if you say that there
shall be no State law which takes or appropri-
ates for any purpose anyportion of the debtor's
property that does not exist in all the States,
then you run in conflict with the legislation
of the States, with the reserved rights of the
States, and with their entire judicial system.
If you give the Constitution a rational con-
struction, if you say it did not mean to take
away from the States the power to exempt from
execution a portion of a debtor's property in
order that it might be used for the support of
his family, that it did not intend to take from
them the power of keeping the poor debtor and
his family from the poor-house, that it did not
intend to prevent the States from enacting
attachment laws giving the preference to the
most active; but did intend that when a man
went into bankruptcy his assets should be fairly
distributed among the creditors, citizens of all
the States alike, did intend that the practice
should be the same in all the courts of the
United States, did intend that the same acts
of bankruptcy should be sufficient to force a
man into bankruptcy—if that is what is meant,
you have here a law of uniform operation upon
the people of the United States. It takes hold
of and distributes all property that is not ex-
empt from execution, all that is subject to be
taken by creditors. But if, to be uniform, your
law must disturb and overturn the settled sys-
tems of the States, no bankrupt law can be
passed; and if this provision cannot be retained
I am opposed to ever passing a bankrupt law,
for I believe homostead exemption laws and
laws exempting from execution the necessaries
of life to a sufficent amount to support a family
for a limited time are essential to the peace of
society and to prevent suffering and distress.
The States have exercised their power in this
respect in a wise, economical, and judicious
manner. If these most essential regulations
of the States are to be set aside and overturned
by a bankrupt law, I say let us have no bank-
rupt law. But I do not believe the Constitu-
tion requires any such thing. I do not believe
any such stretch of power was intended to be
conferred upon Congress. I have no doubt
that if this bill be passed in the shape it now
is, it will be easily harmonized by the courts
with the systems of the different States, and
the real spirit and intent of the Constitution in
requiring the law to be uniform will have been
carried out.
Mr. FOSTER, it may be owing to my dull-
ness, Mr. President, but I do not see the exact
similarity which the gentleman says there is
between recognizing a lien created by the law
of a State and an entire exemption of the prop-
erty of a debtor from being taken by his credit-
ors for the payment of his debts.
Mr. STEWART. I beg pardon _; there is no
case of that kind existing; there is no State
where there is an entire exemption.
Mr. FOSTER. While the gentleman is
insisting upon tha rights of the States, he will
not forget that it is perfectly competent for a
State to make a law declaring that there shall
be no legal process at all in the courts of that
State to compel payment of a debt hereafter to
be contracted. The States beyond a doubt
may make "laws which shall entirely prevent
the suing of parties for debt, and leave every
man to make a contract on his own risk, trust-
ing to the honor of his debtor to pay him or
not. Now, suppose any State has such a law
at the present time, and we judicially, sena-
torially, have no means of knowing but that
some States now exempt all the property of
debtors from legal process for the payment orf
debts. In effect it is done where it is provided
that household furniture and the homestead
comprising a certain number of acres of land
shall be exempt from all liability. This is the
law in some States, and where that law exists
the Senator claims that it is a perfectly valid
law which we must not disturb. If that is all
the property that the man has got, and it may
be worth $100,000, by the law of the State all
that man's property is exempt from legal process
to compel payment of a debt. The gentleman
insists that that is the law. I insist that the
State has a right to make the law that there
shall be no legal process to compel the pay-
ment of a debt. If tb#t were the case we
should have this singular spectacle, according
to the gentleman's doctrine : that a bankrupt
law would be uniform when in some States
debts could be collected by law and in others
they could not be collected by law; because
the gentleman says the question is simply,
what are the assets of a bankrupt within this
State. If by law he has no assets that can be
applied for the payment of his debts, under the
law there is nothing to distribute in that State.
I was saying, Mr. President, that the Senator
from Nevada was making the claim, in effect,
that a man might be worth an independent for-
tune in one State and his property be protected
from all legal process for the payment of debts,
and another man worth but a pittance in an-
other State would be compelled to part with a
portion of that pittance to pay his debts under
the same law, and that a uniform law. I con-
fess I am unable to see any uniformity in such
a law. I do see a want of uniformity between
a law which in one State leaves a man inde-
pendently rich and exonerates him from all
debt, and takes all but a given amount in an-
other State for the payment of his debts. There
is no uniformity in that that I can see.
The gentleman can see no want of similarity
between the law of lien in some States created
by an attachment which he calls a grab law
and this present proposed law. The difference,
Mr. President, may be shortly stated thus: that
what he calls the grab law is a mode by law of
appropriating a man's property for the payment
of his debts ; the other is an appropriation of
his own property to himself for his own benefit,
putting his creditors at defiance. The one is
all for the debtor's benefit; he holds it' for him-
self, no matter how much, and his creditors
may whistle for their claim ; the other compels
him to give up his property, except such an
amount as the law holds to be necessary for his
subsistence, for the benefit of his creditors.
There is a difference, to me, in these two cases.
Why, sir, this very bill, on page 17, beginning
at the twenty-seventh line, has this clause:
And such other property not included in the fore-
going exceptions as is exempted from levy and sale
upon execution by the laws of the State in which the
bankrupt has his domicile at the time of the com-
mencement of the proceedings in bankruptcy, to an
amount not exceeding that allowed by such State
exemption laws in lorce in the year 1864.
Several States have altered their laws since
1864 on this subject, and of course the law in
those States would not be uniform in its appli-
cation ; so that within the same State there
would be a lack of uniformity under this bill,
as well as all over the United States. There
would be no uniformity in any two States out
of the thirty-six, and in many instances there
would be a lack of uniformity within the same
State ; and yet the gentleman says the bill is
uniform, because it distributes the assets of the
