1640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
party, the bulk of the Union party concluded
that they had better take the bill with these
amendments; and 1 shall vote in the same way
here. But it is still a fact which will be recorded
as a part of the history of this bill that if these
amendments are harsh and hard on any portion
of the people of the southern States, they are
put there, not by the Union party, but by the
Democratic party; and from that position no
logic can enable gentlemen to escape. Here
I will relieve my friends of the Democratic
party in the Senate from all blame on that
score, because they did not pursue that course.
They pursued the parliamentary course of
taking the best proposition. I do not cotti-
plain of what has been done, because they had
a right to do it. But the result will be that
many men will be prevented from voting in
the southern States who, but for the Dem-
ocratic party, might have voted and taken part
in the organization of governments in the
southern States.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am glad, sir, that my
judgment in hostility to this measure is in-
dorsed by the fact that the Senator from Ohio
feels it necessary to apologize for his party in
regard to it. He has referred to the tact that
the Senator from Pennsylvania and myself
voted for the amendment which he proposed
to the House bill, and that the Democrats in
the House would not do likewise; and there-
fore he says the responsibility rests upon them.
How was it? It requires no logic but a simple
statement of Facts.
A bill comes to the Senate from the House
of Representatives which is a very objection-
able bill, as objectionable as it was possible
for the ingenuity of man to devise, in my judg-
ment. The Senator from Ohio presents, ac
cording to the public papers, a report from an
outside committee or body, a proposition. I
read it over and I find it objectionable. I can-
not vote for it as an affirmative proposition;
he proposes it as a substitute for a measure
which 1 consider more objectionable than his;
and therefore, as an honest man, when the
question is between the original measure—
very objectionable indeed; and his proposition,
less objectionable—what is my duty? Clearly
to vote for the amendment. But then, when
his amendment was adopted, I voted against
the passage of the bill as amended. But when
it went to the House of Representatives there
was not presented to the members of that House
a choice between two objectionable measures or
an opportunity to take the less objectionable;
but the question was then, Shall the bill pass,
or shall the Honse concur in the Senate amend-
ments, which is the passage of the bill? The
effect of that vote was to pass the bill. A vote
to concur is a vote to pass the bill. And then
the Democrats voted "No," precisely as we
did in this body. I cannot conceive, there-
fore, that any Senator can find fault with that
unless he claims that the Democrats should
have voted for a measure that their judgments
and consciences disapproved.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to interrupt the
Senator. The avowed object of the minority
of the Union party was to hold the bill open in
order to put 111 an amendment. They would
have voted for it as it was if they could not get
it in what they conceived to be a better shape;
but if they could amend it they would, in order,
as they thought, to make it better. The great
leader of the House appealed to the Democrats
to help him keep it open until he could fix it
to suit, himself. The Democrats rallied to him
and did not allow the vote to come on until he
had had an opportunity to amend, and would
not sustain the previous question. How would
the Senator from Indiana have voted on that
question of sustaining the previous question?
Would he have kept it open to allow the mi-
nority to amend it, or would he have com celled
a vote on the main proposition?
Mr. WILLIAMS. When I made allusion
the other day to the proceedings of the House
of Representatives I was severely rebuked as
being out of order; but here appears to be a
discussion altogether in relation to what trans-
pired in the other branch of Congress and to
what members said and did in relation to this
bill, and as to the motives by which they were
governed. I make the point of order on gen-
tlemen, and insist that this discussion is out
of order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the Senator
from Oregon would have done well to have
made his point of order when the Senator from
Ohio commenced this. Does the Senator from
Oregon insist upon his point?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Not if the speeches be
short.
Mr. HENDRICKS. All right. I am safe,
for I believe I hardly ever make any other
kind. I am not going to refer to the rumors
the Senator from Nevada has spoken of or to
the purposes of gentlemen in the other House
in voting one way or the other. The fact is
that no Democrat or Conservative in the House,
so far as I know, offered any of these amend-
ments or voted for them. There is a Republi-
can majority in that House of two thirds; they
can control the legislation to suit their pleas-
ure; atid if there is a bill passed that is not
right they are responsible for it. It will not
do, allow we to say to Senators, to undertake
to throw the responsibility of dangerous legis-
lation upon a helpless minority. In neither
body can we control; and the effort of the dis-
tinguished Senator from Ohio to throw the
responsibility of this legislation upon a small
minority is a logical admission of the vice of
the legislation itself.
frow, sir, if, as was so veil said by the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania, the thing stands just as
the Senator from Ohio says it does, let us non-
concur in these amendments that the Senate
does not want; and I think I am safe in saying
that when the bill goes back to the House no
Democrat will vote for the amendments; and
then if it be true, as the Senator from Ohio
says it is, that two thirds of his party there
are opposed to these amendments, they stand
no chance, for the entire minority being op-
posed to them, ftnd two thirds of the majority
opposed to them, they cannot pass. The bill
can therefore become a law if there is a major-
ity in favor of the bill without the amendments.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not know just exactly
what is in controversy here, although I have
been listening for some time. The argument
seems to be drawn so fine that it has almost
passed from my perception. What is in ques-
tion appears to be the reputation of the bill
before us or the reputation of the Democratic
party. If it be the reputation of the bill, all I
have to say is that in my opinion the reputa-
tion of this great measure, which is to give
peace, as I believe, to the country and consol-
idation to the Union, will remain long after the
Democratic party Shall have ceased to exist.
If it is the reputation of the Democratic party
that is in controversy, I think nothing need be
said on that point. That is already established.
Now, Mr. President, as I said when I rose,
I really do not see the point in the controversy.
My opinion is that the discussion has reached
a point when the question may be voted upon
with great advantage, and I shall not delay the
decision by a longer discussion.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, I was greatly
tempted to ask the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Hendricks] when he was first upon the floor
a question; but being unwilling to interrupt
any Senator, as I usually am, I forbore; but
I will state in a few moments my position in
another form.
By the constitutions of the several States of
this Union I believe the Governors are em-
powered to grant pardons to men who have
been convicted of crime. I suppose that if
the Governor of any State should pardon a
number of men who had been convicted of
murder it would be perfectly legitimate for the
Legislature to enact a law that all such men
should not sit upon a jury in the trial of mur-
der cases. The same principle obtains in the
cr.se under consideration and in reference to
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Wisconsin. Here are a very large number of
men, traitors, who have been trying to destroy
this Government by all the means in their
power; some of them have been pardoned, it
is true; but I take it it is legitimate for Con-
gress, the law-making power of this Govern-
ment, to say that rebels who are guilty of a
crime greater than murder, even though they
have been pardoned, shall not be employed
as workmen in rebuilding or reconstructing the
Government which they sought to destroy.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, under
the English law the right to pardon was the
first and highest prerogative of the Crown, an
act of grace that when exercised was perfect
in itself. The same policy has been adopted
in our Republic and in our several States.
An act of grace on the part of the Government,
either before or after conviction of crime, is a
perfect obliteration of everything in the form
of charge or accusation or judgment passed.
Now, I say that it is just as legitimate to de-
prive of essential rights any citizen by rrame,
or fifty citizens of Maryland, or fifty citizens
of Virginia, or fifty citizens of Tennessee, by
name denominated, who have no relation to
pardon, and who have been Union loyal men,
if you please, as to deprive by legislation a
person who has had the grace of Government
as organized. There are conditions unwritten.
When Delolme presented his work on the
English constitution, where did he find it ex-
cept in Ma^na Charta and certain charters
that belonged to the Commonwealth and the
nobility and the'Crown, and yet Parliament
understands that'there is an English constitu-
tion ; and no member of Parliament, be he
lord or commoner, dare violate it. It is much
more perilous for them than us; for now there
appears to be a perfect absence of all regard
for those greAt Fundamental rules that lie at
the foundation Of society, elementary as well,
as exhibited in the first forms of Government.
A pardon granted by him who is established
as the Chief Executive Under the Constitution
of the United States makes a tabula rasa.
There is nothing more to be said of or about
that of which the party has been afceused ; and
they who do it do it in violation both of the
spirit and of the letter of the Constitution. It
is worth while occasionally to look at what are
our principles, and where is the la* and whai
are our institutions and how are they founded.
There is a very apt negligence on this subject,
it seems to me, at the present day. I can only
iiccount for it by a kind of aptitude to answer
particular purposes belonging to particular
ambitions or to the policy of political parties.
Who will dispute the axiomatic truth that a
pardon is a perfect tabula rasa so far as the per-
son pardoned is concerned in relation to Gov-
ernment? Who among the learned Thebans
on the other side of the Chamber will deny
that? It being so, then, why do they not stand
like any other citizens? And if they stand like
all other citizens, how can they be disfranchised
without violating the whole system of our laws
and our Constitution and Our Government?
Our Constitution is _ not altogether in written
Words. It has its history, much larger, more
extended and comprehensive than the mere
letter of the Constitution, for it embraces the
wisdom of long centuries, aggregated by men
who were conversant with such wisdom. I do
not know how men who profess.to be conver-
sant with our laws, who profess to regard our
institutions, who profess to believe in the insti-
tutions organized by our fathers, undertake to
say that this great power, the grace of the
Government in favor of a citizen, shall not
operate as grace, and shall not make a per-
fectly plain state for him who is pardoned, but
that his offense may be resurrected, his dry
bones exhumed and burned in an auto da /«?.
I have said enough about the question of
P?™' . If. I have not made myself intelli-
gible, it is either because there are inattentive
ears or lack of information or an indisposition
to be informed. This bill, as it now comes
back from the House amended, deprives the
gTeat body of the citizens of the South of the
right to take part in government, even in its
