202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December* 1%
supposed General Grant to be, sent the bill to
that officer, who, after investigating the sub-
ject, reported favorably upon it.
I wish to say to members of this House that
the warfare by the Indians on that route is
bow carried on to such an extent that trade
between the settlements and the mining region
of the country is almost entirely broken up.
By this warfare of the Indians hundreds of lives
have been destroyed and tens of thousands of
dollars' worth of property have been wasted
within the last two or three years. These lives
and this property are worth infinitely more than
it would cost to build this road. This warfare
by the Indians is now going on in the very
country through which the road is to pass,
although there are two or three military posts
upon it. It will be far cheaper for this Gov-
ernment to donate a few sections of land to
open a military road than it will be to fight the
Indians there for years to come, which will
have to be done if things continue as at present,
unless the Government intends to leave the
people of Oregon to fight tlieir own battles and
foot their own bills, as they have been obliged
to do to a great extent since the settlement of
that country. I do hope that the House will
take a liberal and just view of this matter and
pass this bill.
Mr. THAYER. I desire, with the consent
of the gentleman from California, [Mr. Mc-
Rtjeb,] to ask him a question.
• Mr. McRUER. Certainly.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to ask whether
this bill contains any clause excepting mineral
lands from this grant?
Mr. MeRUER. The mineral lands are
excepted by a general law; but I have no
objection to the insertion of a clause specially
excepting mineral lands.
Mr. THAYER. Then I more to amend by
adding the following:
Provided, That the grant hereby made shall not
embrace any mineral lands of the United States.
Mr. McRUER. That is very acceptable. I
now call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered: and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment of Mr. Thayer
was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was_ ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. McRUER. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. RANDALL,, of Pennsylvania, called for
the yeas and nays. 1
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 76, nays 37, not voting
78; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Alley, Allison, Delos R.Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baker. Baxter, Bidwell, Bingham,
Bromwell, Bundy, Chanlcr, Reader W. Clarke. Sid-
ney Clarke, Cobb. Cook, Dawes, Delano, Dixon
Hubbard, Edwin N; Hubbell. James R. Hnbbell, In-
gersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Kelley, Kelso, Koontz,
George V. Lawrence, Marvin, Maynard, McClurg,
MeKcc. McRuer, Mercur, Moorbead, Moulton. My-
ers O'Neill, Paine, Patterson, Perhnm, Plants, Price,
William H. Randall, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice,
John H. Rice, Sawyer, Scofield, Starr, Stevens, blokes,
Nathaniel O. Taylor, Thayer. Trowbridge, Upson,
Van Aernatn, Burt Van Horn,WilliamB. Washburn,
Welkcr,Williams. James F.Wilson, Stephen F. Wil-
son, Windom, and Woodbridge,—7fi.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Ancona, Boycr, Oarppbcll,
Cooper, Culiom, Finck, Glossbrenner, Aaron Hard-
ing, Hawkins, IXise, Chester D. Hubbard, Hunter,
Kerr, William Lawrence, Le Blond, Marshall, Mc-
CuHough. Morrill, Niblack, Nicholson, Isoell, Orth,
Phelps, Piko, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter, Sitgreaves,
Spalding, Strouse, Tabcr, Nelson Taylor, John L.
Thomas, Thornton,HamiltonWard, Wentworth, and
Winfield—3T.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Anderson, Arnell, Bald-
win Banks. Barkor, Beaman, Benjamin, Bergen,
Blaine. Blow,Boutwoll,Brandcgee,Broomall, Buck-
land, Conklins, Culver, Darling, Davis, Dawson,
Dcfrees. Doming. Denison.Dumont. Egsrleston, lild-
ridso, Eliot, Favnsworth. Ferry, Garfield. Goodyear,
JHsJe, Abner C. Harding, Hams, Hart, Higby, Hogan,
Hooper. Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard. Demaa Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kassoa,
Ketcbam, Kuykendall. Lafiin, Latham, Leftmch,
Loan, Longyear. Lynch, Marston, Melndoe, Miller,
Morris, Newell, Pomeroy, Radford. Rogers Rollins,
Ross, Rousseau, Sebenck, Shanklin, Sbellabarger,
Sloan. Stilwell, jFraoeis Thomas, Trimble. Robert T.
VanlXorn, Andrew H.Ward.Warner, Elihu B.Wash-
burne, Henry 1), Wa-hburn, Whaiey, and Wrijrht 78.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. MORRILL said: The gentleman from
Ohio, Mr. Garfield, is absent from his seat
to-day on account of sickness.
Mr. PERHAM said: My colleague, Mr.
Lynch, is confined to his house by illness.
The result was announced as above stated.
Mr. McRUER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. McRUER, from the same committee,
submitted adverse reports on the following
cases; and the same were laid upon the table:
A bill (H. R. No. 244) concerning certain
lands granted to the State of Nevada;
A bill (H. R. No. 245) concerning public
lands in the State of Nevada;
A bill (H. R. No. 707) to relinquish title to
the town of Santa Cruz, California; and
An act (H. R. No. 689) to encourage the
construction of a telegraph line between the
State of California and the Territory of Idaho.
KANSAS LAND GRANT.
Mr. DRIGGS. from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported back Senate bill No. 320,
to amend an act entitled "An act for a grant
of lands to the State of Kansas, in alternate
sections, to aid in the construction of certain
railroads and telegraphs in said State," ap-
proved March 3, 1863, with amendments.
The bill, which was read, provides that when-
ever it shall be deemed impracticable or inex-
pedient to construct any portion of said Atchi-
son, Topeka, and Santa F6 railroad in manner
as in said act required, and whenever the Gov-
ernor of said Slate shall certify to the Secretary
of the Interior that upon such portion, in lieu
thereof, said railroad company have constructed
a road suitable for the running of a steam trac-
tion-engine with its train of cars over the same,
the grant of lands in said act made shall be
confirmed to said State for the purpose of aiding
in the construction of said road, and in all
other respects as in said act provided; pro-
vided that the amount of lands granted in said
act, when applied to the construction of said
steam traction road, shall be three alternate
sections of land per mile, designated by odd
numbers, on each side of said road ; and pro-
vided that patents shall issue upon the comple-
tion of every twenty miles of road upon the
certificate of the Governor as aforesaid.
Section two authorizes said company to con-
struct said roadway from the boundary line of
the State of Kansas, through the Territories of
the United States, on the most eligible route
to Santa Fe, in the Territory of New Mexico,
and to such Government forts in said Territory
as the President of the United States may ap-
prove. And there is granted to said company
the right of way through the public domain to
the extent of two hundred feet on each side of
said road. And for the purpose of aiding in
the construction of said roadway and its equip-
ment, and to secure the safe and speedy trans-
mission of the mails, troops, munitions of war,
and supplies over said road, the same amount of
land, not mineral, but not excluding iron or
coal, is granted to said company, as in the first
section of this act is provided, and upon the
same terms and conditions, but upon the cer-
tificate of a commissioner, appointed by the
Secretary of the Interior, that said conditions
have been complied with.
Section three provides that said grants are
made only upon condition that said road
shall bo constructed in a substantial and work-
manlike manner, with all necessary culverts,
bridges, viaducts, crossings, stations and water-
ing-places, and other appurtenances, includ-
ing engines and cars sufficient to move not
less than fifty tons, or two hundred passengers
in one train, at a rate of six miles an hour.
The amendments of the committee were of
fered and agreed to, as follows:
In section one, line twelve, strike out the word
" three" and insert the word " Ave."
In section one, line fourteen, strike out all after the
word "numbers," to include the word "aforesaid"
in line sixteen, and insert "to be selected within ten
mite of said road, with all necessary ground for
depots, watering-stations, switches," &c.
In section two, line nine, strike out the word
" two " and insert " one."
In seetion three, line seven, after the word " of"
insert the words "at least."
At the end of seetion three insert the following;
"And uj>on the further condition that no land shall
be acquired by or patented to the company or cor-
poration building said road until fifty miles shall
have been completed, and the same shall bo in prac-
tical operation and engines and cars running over
the same, when ttro hundred and fifty sections of
land, in alternate odd-numbered conterminous sec-
tions, may be patented to said company; and so on
from time to time for each additional fifty miles that
may be completed, equipped, and running as afore-
said, until the whole is completed, at which time the
company shall reeeive patents for any fractional
miles, so as to acquire thefull amountoflandgranted
by this act for the whole number of miles of road
built."
Add a new seetion, as follows: "And he it further
enacted. That this act shall not take effect until the
State of Kansas, through the Legislature thereof,
shall eonscnt to and approve of the same."
Mr. DRIGGS. There is a report from the
Committee on Public Lands, which I ask- the
Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
The undersigned, to whom was referred Senate bill
No. 320, being an acttoamendana-ctentitled "An act
for a grant of lands to the State o£ Kansas, in alter-
nate sections, to aid in the construction of certain
railroads and telegraphs in said State," approved
March 3,186-3, has examined the same, and finds that
it proposes to reduce and limit said grant upon the
following contingency: that the company to which
said lands shall be granted by said State may substi-
tute for railroad steam traction-engines: and when
they shall have constructed and equipped twenty
miles of road, and shown an ability to move in one
train fifty tons of freight, or two hundred passen-
gers, at the rate of not less than miles per hour
over it, they shall be entitled to obtain lands at the
rate of five sections per mile instead of ten, as now
provided by said act for the railroad: but the bill
simply modifies and changes the conditions on which
a grant heretofore made may be claimed. I can see
no good reason why this change may not be made.
If the terms of the bill are not complied with, or, in
other words, if the experiment, if it may be properly
called such, is not successful, then no lands can be
claimcd. If it is successful it certainly seems as if
the Government could well afford to grant for ! he
demonstration as much as it has repeatedly given for
the construction of an ordinary wagon-road. The
committee therefore recommend that the bill be
reported back to the House with recommendation
that it be passed, with the following amendments.
JOHN F. DRIGGS.
For Committee,
Mr. DRIGGS. I have but one word to say
in regard to this bill, and it is this: that it pre-
sents the single feature of asking Congress to
reduce the ten sections to five. It provides also
instead of a railroad over the western prairies
they may employ traction steam.engines.^ I
have before me a report of several scientific
gentlemen who have examined the machine
and give it as their decided opinion it will work
successfully. If the experiment proves to be
successful it will bo the means of traversing
that vast region of prairie lying east of the
mountains and be of incalculable benefit to
the Government. The committee thoroughly
investigated the proposition, and we propose
to reduce the grant from ten to five sections;
and with the proper restrictions provided in
the amendment we recommend the passage
of the bill. I demand the previous question.
' The House divided, and there were—ayes
3G, noes 29 : no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, appointed
Mr. Driggs and Mr. Morrili, as tellers.
The House again divided; and the .'ellers
reported—ayes 40, noes 51.
So the previous question was not seev" led.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the bill be laid
upon the table.
Mr. DRIGGS. Allow the bill to be recom-
mitted. I did not explain the bill as I did wot
think there would be any objection.
Mr, THAYER. I agree to that. .
