966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
' My honorable friend from Nevada conceded
everything this morning in his argument, ac-
cording to my judgment, when he admitted so
strongly, in such few and plain words, that the
equality required by the Constitution in bank-
rupt laws was equality of distribution of the
estate among the bankrupt's creditors. A law
which by general terms or by express provis-
ion would make a different rule of distribution
of assets by reserving a different amount of
estate of th'e bankrupt to be exempt from dis-
tribution among his creditors in all the States
would be as flagrantly unequal and in violation
of the Constitution as it would be possible to
make anything.
Gentlemen may say that the amount is not
large, but you concede a principle here that
comprehends everything. As was stated by
the honorable Senator who is the President of
theSenate^>ro<e?repore, [Mr. Foster.] any State
may repeal all laws by which debts are to be
coerced within its boundaries. The subject of
exemption of property from execution belongs
to each State within its jurisdiction ; they may
make it of any amount they please; and this
concedes a principle that would enable any
State to exempt from distribution as a part of
the assets of a bankrupt any amount of prop-
erty in character and in value that the author-
ities of that State should choose to provide in
their laws.
Now, sir, after the objection which I have
stated, and which has been so much better
stated before by other gentlemen who have
participated in this debate, I think it is a per-
fectly plain proposition that the Constitution
requires equality of distribution of the assets
of the bankrupt; that all his property is a part
of his assets, that so far as there are liens upon
his property valid in law he is deprived of so
much of his property and it does not belong to
him, but it belongs to the parties who hold
these liens. But so far as there are no liens
held by third persons upon fair and valid con-
siderations all his estate, the whole of his prop-
erty, and the whole of his assets are subject to
equal distribution among his creditors, whether
be lives in California or in New Hampshire,
and whether he seeks to be declared a bank-
rupt in the one or the other State, and that
any law which provides for an unequal distri-
bution of those assets belonging to the bank-
rupt comes within the inhibition of the Consti-
tution.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President-
Mr. STEWART. With the consent of the
Senator from Wisconsin I should like to make
a single remark in reply to the Senator from
Kentucky. The Senator from Kentucky did
not quite understand my meaning, or I did not
make myself sufficiently plain. I wish to state
again that by the term "uniform" there must
have been contemplated an equal distribution
of the assets of the bankrupt; that is to say,
such assscts as he might not have exempt from
execution at the time of tlie decree. If it
meant other than that, if it meant an equal
distribution of all the assets of the bankrupt
at the time he committed the act of bank-
ruptcy, which the discussion has assumed,
then the law of 1841 was most clearly uncon-
stitutional, because it allowed particular cred-
itors to obtain advantages over others after the
commission of an act of bankruptcy. This
clause was put into the Constitution in view of
the law of involuntary bankruptcy as it existed
in England. Voluntary bankruptcy had not
then been resorted to except, perhaps, in some
of the States, but that was not a general sys-
tem ; andit was called insolvency and not bank-
ruptcy originally in the States.
The provision of the Constitution had refer-
ence particularly to involuntary bankruptcy
where the party was forced into bankruptcy
by his creditors, and the word "uniform" was
used in that view. If it means that there shall
be an equal distribution after the act of bank-
ruptcy is committed, then the law of 1841 was
unconstitutional, because it provided that after
the act of bankruptcy, and before proceedings
in bankruptcy were commenced, after the party
became insolvent; after he had committed a
fraud, the State might allow a favored creditor
to come in and acquire a lien on his property,
and thus prevent an equal distribution of it
among the creditors: and it was held in the
case which I have cited that all that was re-
quired was to distribute fairly among the cred-
itors, reside where they might, what property
wa^left subject to execution. That could be
distributed among the creditors, and that was
distributed. Thus the decision under that law
practically said that after an act of bankruptcy
was committed a creditor might secure an un-
equal distribution of the property under the
authority of the State. If a State could do
that, surely a State may reserve a lien for the
benefit of the family.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I had intended to sub-
mit some remarks in reply to the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] but the ground has
been covered by other Senators, and therefore
I shall forbear making any further remarks, for
the purpose of allowing a vote to be taken on
this question if the Senate are prepared to
vote, without my detaining them further.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilsox] to the amend-
ment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs upon the amendment of the com-
mittee, upon which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that the
committee reported in favor of striking out
the clause which preserves the State exemp-
tions, and now the question is whether we
will concur with the committee in striking out
the clausc.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on striking out the clause recommended
by the Committee on the Judiciary, to be
stricken out in the fourteenth section, on page
17.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Cragin, Davis, Dixon, Fogg, Foster,
Harris, Henderson, Lane, Saulsbury, Sprague, Sum-
ner, Trumbull, Wiliams, and Wilson—1-1.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew.Cattell, Conness,
Cowan, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessenden, Grimes. How-
ard, Howe, Johnson, Kirkwood, Morgan, Morrill,
Norton, Patterson, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross,
Stewart, Van "Winkle, Wade, and Willey—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Creswell,
Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Guthrie, Hendricks, Mc-
Dougall, Nesmith, .Nye, Riddle, Sherman, and
Yates—13.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOWARD. Now that we are upon this
passage, I desire to move an amendment which
is verbal rather than substantial.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that there are other amendments
reported by the committee not yet acted upon.
The general practice is to go through with the
amendments reported by the committee; but
the Chair will entertain the amendment of the
Senator from Michigan if he presses it.
Mr. POLAND. I shall not object to that
course if the Senator from Michigan desires to
move his amendment now.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to insert between
the word "execution" and the word "by"
the words "or other processes or order of any
court;" so as to read:
Such other property not included in the foregoing
exception as is exempted from levy on execution or
other processes or order of any court.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next amendment
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary,
which was in section twenty-six, to strike out in
lines forty-four, forty-five, and forty-six the
words " on the application of any creditor or
of the wife of the bankrupt, and on such rea-
sonable notice shown as the court may direct,
and for;" and in line forty-six after " shown"
to insert "the wife of;" and in line forty-seven
to strike out "bring his wife" and insert
"attend;" so as to make the clause read:
For good cause shown, the wife of any bankrupt
may be required to attend before the court, to the
end that she may be examined as a witness.
The amendment was agreed to.
.message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolution of the Senate with amend-
ments, in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested.
A bill (S. No. 453) regulating the tenure of
certain civil offices; and
A joint resolution (S. R>. No. 96) providing
for the payment of certain Kentucky militia
forces.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bill and joint resolution; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore.
A bill (H. R. No. 1090) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to receive into the
Treasury the residuary legacy of James Smith-
son, to authorize the Regents of the Smithson-
ian Institution to apply the income of the said
legacy, and for other purposes; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 126) for the
relief of certain settlers on the Sioux reserva-
tion in the State of Minnesota.
tenure of office.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will take this occasion to lay before the Senate
the amendments of the House of Representa-
tives just received to the bill (S. No. 453) reg-
ulating the tenure of certain civil offices.
The Secretary read the first amendment,
which was in section one, to strike out in lines
three, four, and five the words "excepting
the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury, of
War, of the Navy, and of the Interior, the
Postmaster General, and the Attorney Gen-
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
disagree to these amendments, and request of
the House of Representatives a conference on
the disagreeing votes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall agree
to the House amendment. I see no occasion
for a committee of conference. I think there
if no reason in the world why the members of
the Cabinet should not be included in the pro-
visions of this bill. I think that we may as
well meet that question here now as in a com-
mittee of conference. I was not present when
this bill was passed by the Senate; but it
seems to me that all the reasons why we should
regulate the appointment and removal of offi-
cers applv to the members of the Cabinet as
well as all others. I see no propriety in the
exception. I trust we shall take the vote in
the Senate upon the proposition, and see if we
cannot agree with the House; and if it be in
order, I make the motion that the Senate con-
cur in the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion supercedes the motion that the Senate
disagree and request a conference. The ques-
tion, therefore, is on the motion of the Sena-
tor from Illinois, that the Senate agree to the
amendment made to this bill by the House of
Representatives.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe that it is usual
in this body and in most other deliberative
bodies, where, after a full and fair debate, a
large majority have decided upon the propriety
of a particular act of legislation, and the other
House disagrees to that and proposes to amend
it, to insist upon the view of this body and to
ask for a conference upon the question. Now,
sir, upon this very question, after full and fair
debate, after all the reasons of both sides had
been, I think, pretty much exhausted, after
my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] had
stated with great ability and with still greater elo-
quence, if it were possible, the reasons why the
heads of Departments ought hot to be excepted
from the provisions of this bill, and when thi*
considerations that presented themselves upon
