1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1648
plete were we in an actual state of war and
neither ourselves nor other nations recognized
in the enemy a belligerent.
But the Senator s objection, I presume,
comes from the fact that this was a civil war,
a war of the sovereign against rebels, and
hence the ordinary rules of war cannot apply.
I read from Vattel on this subject:
"When a nation becomes divided into two parties
absolutely independent, and no longer acknowledg-
ing a common superior, the State is dissolved and the
war between the two parties stands on the same
ground, in every respect, as a public war between
two different nations. Whether a republic be split
into two factions, each maintainingthatitalonecon-
stitutes the body of the State, or a kingdom be divided
between two competitors for the Crown, the nation is
severed into two parties, who will mutuallytermeach
other rebels. Thus there exist in the State two sepa-
rate bodies, wbo pretend absolute independence, and
between whom there is no judge. They decide their
quarrel by arms, as two different nations would do.
The obligations to observe the common law of war
toward eachotber is therefore absolute—indispensa-
bly binding on both parties, and the same which the
law of nature imposes on all nations in transactions
between State and State."— Vattel, book three, chap-
ter eighteen, page 427.
Mr. DAVIS. Will my honorable friend per-
mit me to ask him another question ? What
provision of the Constitution incorporates that
principle of the law of nations which he has
just read?
Mr. HENDERSON. Our Constitution was
adopted by learned and able men who recog-
nized the international law. It was a code
then well established and well understood by
those men. Many provisions of the Constitu-
tion refer directly to this code, and without its
aid we could not interpret those provisions.
Mr. DAVIS. But suppose there is a prin-
ciple or a provision of the Constitution of the
United States incompatible with and contra-
dictory to a principle of international law, ;
which is to prevail ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not apprehend
that there is any such contradiction. The
principles of international law are but the laws
of nature; they are but Christian principles if
I understand them properly, and I presume our j
Constitution was not intended by its framers
to be made in disregard of those principles.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Irumbull,] ■
directs my attention to some of the provisions ,
of the Constitution on this point. For instance, !
power is given to Congress "to define and
Eunish piracies and felonies committed on the
igh seas and offenses against the laws of na-
tions," also, " to make rules concerning cap-
tures on land and water" and "to grant letters
of marque and reprisal.'' In these clauses
the international law is recognized 
Mr. DAVIS. In the specific cases named.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is expressly recog-
nized in some provisions and not contravened
in any that I am aware of, and hence I assume
that even the American Constitution, great as
I admit it to be, is subject to those established
and recognized principles of reason and Chris-
tian brotherhood that control and must con-
tinue to control the conduct and intercourse of
nations. Of course in times of peace our
internal and municipal government is not in-
terfered with by the international law, for no
principle of it is then applicable to the sub-
ject. But even in peace the power to appoint
embassadors, ministers, consuls, and other
agents of like character is to be exercised in
accordance with that law, and their duties are
regulated by it. And no power, in my judg-
ment exists in Congress to authorize these
agents, in their intercourse abroad, to violate
or disregard it. But in this case there is no
power left to treat with. The enemy is com-
pletely conquered. The war was to expel the
usurping rebel authorities. If the seceded
States had always been independent, never
connected with us by the Federal Constitution,
no one will doubt the absolute power and juris-
diction of Congress in the premises.
Vattel likewise settles this question:
"If the entire State be conquered, if the nation be
subdued, in what manner can the victor treat it with-
out transgresssing the bounds of justice? What are
his rights over the conquered country?"
"The whole right of the conqueror is derived from
justifiable self-defense, which comprehends the sup-
port and prosecution of his rights. When, therefore,
he has totally subdued a hostile nation, he undoubt-
edly may, in the first place, do himself justice re-
specting the object which had given rise to the war,
and indemnify himself for the expenses and damages
he has sustained by it; he may, according to the exi-
gency of thecase, subject the nation to punishment, by
way of example; he may even, if prudence so require,
render her incapable of doing mischief with the same
ease in future. But for the attainment of these dif-
ferent objects he is to prefer the gentlest methods,
still bearing in mind that the doing of harm to an
enemy is no further authorized by the law of nature
than in the precise degree which is necessary for jus-
tifiable self-defense and reasonable security for the
time to come."
Again, says this humane and distinguished
author:
" In general, he [the conquoror] ought to consult
the true interests of his own State, and by sound
policy to reconcile them, as far as possible, with those
of the conquered country." «« * *
" When a sovereign, arrogating to himself the ab-
solute disposal of a people whom he has conquered,
attempts to reduce them to slavery, he perpetuates
the state of warfare between that nation and him-
self. The Scythians said to Alexander the Great,
'There is never any friendship between the master
and slave: in the midst of peace the rights of war
still subsist.' Should it be said that in such a case
there maybe peace, and a kind of compact by which
the conqueror consents to spare the lives of the van-
quished on condition that they acknowledge them-
selves his slaves, he who makes such an assertion is
ignorant that war gives no right to take away the
life of an enemy wno has laid down his arms and
submitted. But let us not disputethe point; letthe
man who holds such principles of jurisprudence
keep them for his own use and benefit: he will de-
serve to be a subject to such a law. But men of
spirit, to whom life is nothing, less than nothing,
unless sweetened with liberty, will always conceive
themselves at war with that oppressor, though actual
hostilities aresuspended on their part through want
of ability. We may, therefore,safely venture to add.
that if the conquered country is to be really subject
to the conqueror as to its lawful sovereign, he must
rule it according to the ends for which civil govern-
ment has been established."
Are not these principles of international law
in strict conformity with our own Constitu-
tion ? Surely there is no contradiction between
them. The Constitution simply provides for
enforcing these humane principles of general
law when it is made the duty of the United
States to protect each State against invasion
and domestic violence, and to "guaranty to
every State a republican form of government."
Vattel says that if a war is waged only against
the rulers of the conquered State, when the
conqueror expel the rulers he must govern
the State according to its laws or as the old
rulers should have governed. But if the peo-
ple willingly participated and aided their rulers,
then the war may be against both; and in such
case he says: "He," the conqueror, "may,
according to the degree of indocility apparent
in their disposition, govern them with a tighter
rein, so as to curb and subdue their impetuous
spirit," &c. "But this forced condition,"
continues the author, " ought to cease from the
moment the danger is over. Then at length,"
he says, "everything is to be rendered con-
formable to the rules of a wise Government,"
&c.
Whatever may be the situation of the rebels,
whether conquered public enemies or subdued
traitors, all our severity toward them should
be limited by our own proper defense and
safety. If we intend they shall again be citizens
of a common country we should not oppress.
This same author says:
"What fidelity, what assistance can yon expect
from an oppressed people? Do you wish that your
conquest may prove a real addition to your strength
and be well affected to you? Treat it as a father,
as a true sovereign."
Now, it appears to me that the question of
reconstruction is a great political problem
which must be dealt with by the political or
law-making power of the nation, and the
measures that may be adopted as necessary to
restore the rebel States to their former rela-
tions, provided they are in harmony with the
established principles of international law,
such as Christian nations now adopt for the
settlement of questions entering into and pro-
voking wars between independent Powers,
cannot and should not be interfered with by
the judiciary department of the Government.
Should the law-making power propose to sell
prisoners into slavey it might be answered
that our own Constitution, in strict harmony
with international law, forbids such barbarity;
that no such incident is now recognized as
following a state of war.
Hence we may justify the enfranchisement
of the blacks on two grounds : first, they were
themselves a conquered, subject people, held
by the enemy in slavery; and Vattel, speaking
of such a people, says:
" If they have not freely aided her [the enemy
nation] in the war against us, we certainly ought so
to use our victory as not merely to give them a new
master, but to break their chains. To deliver an
oppressed people is a noble fruit of victory: it is a
valuable gain to acquire a faithful friend."
And second, it maybe justified on the ground
that the future safety and security of the
conqueror "demand the extension of the suf-
frage. It may be that without such extension
it would be inadvisable to return at once to
those principles of popular government to which
our people are accustomed and without which
they will not long be satisfied. The pro-
posed disfranchisement is much more diffi-
cult to justify. It may be said that the same
necessity existing for one calls for the other.
Reason assents readily to the proposition that
he who performs the duties of citizen, regard-
less of color, should have a voice in making
the laws that govern him and his fellow-citi-
zens. But that same reason thus impressed
revolts when a good man, convinced of error
and repentant of sin, is still disfranchised on
the plea of the public good. The difficulty is
that a double argument is needed, one that
contradicts and answers itself. The argument
has to war against reason, and th«y who sup-
port it, having to urge it in one case and answer
it in another, become gradually condemned in
the eyes of consistent people, if not in their
own consciences. If necessary for safety of
the nation, it may be justified, but it cannot
be justified beyond reasonable security.
At the last session of Congress a constitu-
tional amendment was adopted and put before
the States for ratification, and by many it has
been assumed that on its being ratified by the
seceded States they would be admitted to rep-
resentation. The amendment was just in its
terms and ought long since to have been
accepted. The only provision to which excep-
tion could be taken was the one disfranchising
those who had taken an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States from holding
office. This in itself was no hardship, and had
some limitation of time been pat upon its con-
tinuance it might have been accepted. To
deny the privilege of holding office to the
leaders of the rebellion is but just. The hard-
ship of the amendment, if there be any, con-
sists in the fact that the voters are required to
disfranchise the prominent men in whom they
formerly placed trust. It required the followers,
not tacitly to submit to the disfranchisement of
their leaders, but by their votes to assist in the
work. On my theory the conqueror possesses
the power to prescribe his own terms of adjust-
ment, subject only to the recognized principles
of international law, and if disfranchisement
were absolutely essential for national safety it
could be resorted to.
In my opinion the error of our action, if any
error existed at all, is to be found in the fact
that we did not then prescribe the terms of re-
construction and proceed boldly to the work.
To adopt the constitutional amendment re-
quires some sort of humiliation at the hands of
the southern voter. It requires that he shall
turn upon his trusted leader and become instru-
mental in doing an act which some of them
regard as dishonorable. They say they are
willing to submit to it as the act of the con-
queror, but they themselves will take no part in
it. It is enough to say that either from this cause
or some other the amendment has not found
favor with the people of the seceded States.
Some other States have also rejected it, and it
may be as well now to look out for other terms
of adjustment. Whether Congress would ac-
cept the southern States on the terms of the
amendment is perhaps questionable; but so
