1866.
T00 > GON"QR®SSIOFAL-GLOBE;
The bill, as amended, was recommitted to
the Committee on Public Lands,
pay op tennessee members.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Armsofthis Honso
be instructed to pay Hons. Samuel L. Arnell, Wil-
liam B. Campbell, and Isaac R; Hawkins, the mile-
age due. them for the first session of this Congress.
These gentlemen were in-attendance, except
Mr. Arnell, during a part of the session be-
fore the. State was admitted; and Mr. Arneli.
started from Tennessee on receiving a dispatch
informing him of the fact, and got here the next
day after the adjournment, having been de-
tained on the way. by a railroad accident. The
Sergeant-at-Arms decides that he cannot pay
them. I merely offer this in order that he may
be authorized to pay them. I move the pre-,
vious question.
,-Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to refer the res-
olution to the Committee on Mileage.
Mr. ASHLEY, .of Ohio. I have no objec-
tion.
The resolution was accordingly referred to
the Committee on Mileage.
. Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was l-eferred ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table..
The latter motion was agreed to.
lease of school lawds.
Mr. HOLMES, from the Committee on
Public Lauds, reported back House bill No.
653, to amend section two of an act entitled "An
act to authorize the Legislatures of the States
of Illinois, Arkansas, Louisiana, and Tennes-
see to sell the lands heretofore appropriated
for the use of schools in those States," with a
substitute therefor.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, Tl^it section two of said act be, and tl: 5 s.ime
hereby is, amended so as to read as follow?, n nn, ly:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Legisla-
tures of said States be, and they are hereby, author-
ized to make such laws andneedful regulations as may
be deemed expedient to secure and protect from in-
jury or waste the sections reserved by the laws of
Congress for the use of schools to each township, and
to provide by law, if not deemed expedient to sell,
for leasing the same for any term not exceeding four
years for agiicultural lands, and fifteen years for
mineral lands, in such manner as to render them pro-
ductive and most conducive to the object for which
they were-designed.
Mr. HOLMES. In 1843 Congress passed a
law authorizing the Legislatures of the States
of Illinois, Arkansas, Louisiana, and Tennes-
see to sell the lands appropriated for public
schools. The second section, proposed to be
amended, authorized the States, in case the
lands were not sold, to provide by law for leas-
ing th&m for four years. Some of these lands
have been discovered to contain minerals, and
it is found impossible to lease them advantage-
ously for so short a term as four years. The
amendment changes the second section only by
authorizing the Legislatures in those States, if
they shall think proper, to provide for the
leasing of the mineral lands for a period not
exceeding fifteen years.
Mr. GRINNELL. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman if there is any such thing in his judgment
as a Legislature of the State of Arkansas?
Mr. HOLMES. The gentleman is as com-
petent as I am to answer that question.
Mr. GRINNELL. I am not desirous of
legislating on any such supposition. If there
is no Legislature, of course they cannot legis-
late.
Mr. HOLMES. The original bill applies to
several States which are assumed to have Le-
gislatures, and this bill simply changes the
former law in such a way as to allowthc Legis-
latures of those States to lease the mineral
lands for a term of years not exceeding fifteen,
if they shall see fit.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Is this bill printed'?
Mr. HOLMES. It is not.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Then I move it be
printed and postponed.
Mr. HOLMES. I decline to yield for that
purpose.
Mr. STEYENS. I think the gentleman had
better have it printed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I have no dispo-
sition to oppose the passage of the bill, but I
shall vote ior no bill recognizing any of these
illegal Legislatures or bogus governments, and
I must have this bill printed before I vote for
it. I will therefore move that it be printed
and postponed or recommitted to the commit-
tee, whichever the gentleman chooses.
Mr. HOLMES. I do not desire to have it
recommitted, and I do not propose to yield for
any such purpose or motion.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move to post-
pone it till the 3d Monday in January.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
in the present condition of the Calendar, with
the various special orders made, by an ordi-
nary postponement the bill would not proba-
bly be reached during the session.
Mr. HOLMES. I want to say in reply to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] that
this is not an original bill. It simply proposes
to amend section two of the law of 1843, and
this bill does not in my opinion recognize the
Legislatures of any of the States lately in
rebellion.
Mr. STEVENS. The law to which the
gentleman refers was passed when a different
state of things existed from what exists now.
I am opposed to recognizing Louisiana and
Arkansas as States of the Union, and I move
to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. HOLMES. I have no objection to the
insertion of a proviso excluding any of the
States not now represented in Congress, if the
gentleman desires it.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I would suggest
that the following proviso should be inserted:
Provided, That this act and the act to which this is
supplementary shall not be applicable to any States
declared in rebellion by proclamation of the Presi-
dent of the United States.
Mr. HOLMES. I will yield to allow the
amendment to be offered.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move the amend-
ment I have indicated.
Mr. HOLMES. I now call the previous
question upon the bill and amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. HOLMES. I call the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BROMWELL. I would inquire if the
amendment adopted upon the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] does not
exclude the State of Tennessee, because it has
been declared at one time to be in insurrec-
tion?
The SPEAKER. That amendment has
been adopted, and the House is now acting
undet the operation of the previous question.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. STEYENS. I move to amend the title
of this bill by striking out the words "Ar-
kansas, Louisiana," so that it will read as
follows:
An act to amend section two of an act entitled "An
act to authorize the Legislatures of the States of Illi-
nois and Tennessee to sell the lands heretofore ap-
propriated for the use of schools in those States,"
approved February 15,1843.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed : and also moved
that the motion to reconsider bo laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
Subsequently, on motion of Mr. ASHLEY,
of Ohio, by unanimous consent, the amend-
ment offered by him to the bill amending, the"
act relating to the sal# of school lands, was so
amended that it would, read as follows:
Provided, That this aet and theact to which this is
supplementary shall not be applicable to any States
declared in rebellion by proclamation of the Presi-
dent of the United States except the State of Ten-
nessee.
national banks and currency.
Mr. LAPLIN, from the Committee on.Print-
ing, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to-:
Resolved, That there be piinted forthcrtse of the
House, in bill form, one thousand extra copies of
bill No. 771, to amend the national bank act.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also,
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. .
homestead lands. ;
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution"; - which was
read, considerfed, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be
instructed to inquire'intothe expediency of so amend-
ing the act approved June 24,1866, for tbedisposal of
the public lands for homestead actual settlement in.
certain States therein mentioned,"as toTequire the
applicant, from and after the first day of January,
1867, to make oath that he has not borne arms against
the United States or given aid and comfort to its
enemies.
supplies for indian service.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the.following preamble and resolu-
tion ; which were read, considered, and agreed
to:
Whereas the Commissioner of Indian Affairs did, on
the 21st day of November, 1866, advertise for sealed
proposals for supplying the Indian service with cer-
tain goods, wares, and merchandise.; and whereas it
is reported that said Coinmissioncr«did, On the 18th
day of December, 1866, award the contract for sup-
plying said goods, wares, and merchandise on a bid
much higher, andon samplesinferior-to those offered
by other parties: Therefore,
Be it resolved. That the Secretary of the Interior
be directed to transmit to the House Committee on
Indian Affairs the bids received on the 15th day of
December, 1860, by the Commissioner of Indian A £-
fairs, in compliance with the advertisement above
referred to, and the award made by him on the 18th
day of December, 1866; and all papers received by
said Commissioner in any way relating to said bids
and award, together with all samples accompany-
ing said bids; and that said committee be instructed
to examine into the acts of said Commissioner and
report the result of their investigation to this Houso;
and in the mean time the Seoretary of the Intorior
is directed to suspend contracts based upon said
award.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would say that I
suppose the House alone can hardly direct the
Secretary of the Interior not to carry out a con-
tract he has made.
The SPEAKER. The objection comes too
late. The resolution is agreed to, whether the
House has such power or not.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Lawrence, of Pennsylvania, in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
House bill No. 896, making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of Juno, 1867.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read the following:
For compensation to the private secretary, assist-
ant secretary, short-hand writer, clerk of pardons,
three clerks of fourth class, steward, and messenger
of the President of the UnitcdStates, $18,800.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to amend by
striking out in the paragraph just read the
words "clerk of pardons." I believe that the
insertion in an appropriation bill of an appro-
priation for this officer is of very recent date.
We have endeavored to ascertain by resolution
how many pardons have been granted. We
have thns tar been unable to obtain this inform-
ation. Now. sir, 1 wish to grant as few facili-
ties as possible for the granting of pardons.
