204
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 1
It is known that one prominent rebel, the
great pirate of this century, has received a par-
don, and has been permitted to become the
professor of moral philosophy in a southern
college. I propose that we shall dispense with
this clerk for the present. Hence 1 have sub-
mitted my amendment.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I am opposed to
striking out the appropriation for the pay of
this clerk. We have sent to the President
calls for information with reference to par-
dons, and-it would be impossible for him, so
numerous hare been the applications for par-
dons, to make out a full reply without this
clerk. At least I hope the resolution that was
adopted this morning at my instance will not
fail to be answered for the want of clerical
force. I find by looking at some southern
papers that the members of the Legislature
of Florida—a Legislature of traitors—pretend
to have recently paid a visit to the Dry Tor-
tugas, where they have been investigating the
claims of prisoners there to pardons. They
have recently taken up the case of a notorious
leader in the attempt to liberate the rebel pris-
oners at Chicago and afterward bum the city
a few years ago ; and that Legislature has
decided that he was convicted on the testi-
mony of pequred witnesses. I suppose they
would say the game of every other criminal
there. That there was a conspiracy to liber-
ate the prisoners in Camp Douglas on the
night before the election, and to take posses-
sion of the polls and burn the city, has been
proved to the satisfaction of every one who
ever investigated the subject. The evidence
was so overwhelming that one of the prisoners
on trial killed himself. Another was sentenced
to be hanged, but his sentence was commuted
to imprisonment for life, Mid he is now at the
Dry Tortugas. The Legislature of Florida has
now taken his case in hand, petitions Presi-
dent Johnson to pardon him, and charges that
he was convicted by perjured witnesses. I
would like to see the papers in the case before
the President takes action, if possible. If not
possible before the pardon, it would gratify
my loyal constituents exceedingly to know
upon what ground our President pardons trai-
tors and convicted incendiaries.
Mr. SCOFIELP. Mr. Chairman, during
the last session I was told that on all these par-
dons sent South each recipient was subjected
to a charge of S300. A gentleman residing at
the South informed me that he saw a great many
pardons come there, which were delivered by
the express company, and each was charged
with $300.
Mr. WARD, of New York. That is cheap
enough. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCOFIBLD. I made some inquiries
here of persons perhaps not altogether respon-
sible, but whom I thought trustworthy enough,
and they informed me that the Adams Express
Company were receiving a great many pardons
from the State agent of Alabama, who also
acted as agent for the State of Tennessee; that
many hundred pardons had been sent by this
express company to the persons entitled to
receive them through some State authority;
that each one had marked upon it " C. 0. D.
$300"—"C. 0. D." meaning, I believe, "col-
lect on delivery," and that the money had
been returned here. Now, I would not assert
this to be the fact, because I do not know it,
although at that time I thought the authority
was pretty good; but if fees are being charged
by agents here they certainly ought to pay this
clerk of pardons. [Laughter.] Therefore I
believe I shall vote for this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For paper, special dies, and printing of circulating
notes, and expenses necessarily incurred (including
express charges) in procuring the some, in the office
of the Comptroller of the Currency, $200,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
whether the item just read is intended to cover
the printing of «uch Treasury notes and frac-
tional currency as are now issued.
Mr. STEVENS. That is the object of it.
The Clerk read the following:
For salaries and expenses of collectors, assessors,
assistant assessor?, revenue agents, inspectors, and
superintendents of exports and drawback, together
with the expense of carrying into effect the various
provisions of the several acts providing internal
revenue, excepting items otherwise estimated for,
Sti.000,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend by add-
ing at the end of the paragraph just read the
following:
(Provided, That no assessor or collector shall be en-
titled to any portion of the salary pertaining to the
office until such assessor or collector shall have been
confirmed by the Senate.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest to the gentle-
man whether it would not be proper to modify
his amendment by inserting "unless" instead
of "until."
Mr. BENJAMIN. I cannot see that the
change would add to the force of the amend-
ment in any way, though I do not know that I
would have any serious objection to the modi-
fication.
Mr. MAYNARD. The word "until" would
imply that the payment was to be postponed,
and the word "unless" would imply more
than that, that unless he was confirmed he
should not have pay at all.
Mr. DAWES. Though he be confirmed by
the Senate he would not be entitled to pay
until he was confirmed.
Mr. MAYNARD. " Unless" is the better
word.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have nothing to say in
regard to the word to be used.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the word "until" be
U3ed would the officer draw any pay for ser-
vices rendered prior to the time of his con-
firmation?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I apprehend he would
after he has been confirmed.
Mr. MAYNARD. If he has been appointed
regularly by reason of a vacancy and is con-
firmed he ought to be paid from the time he
was appointed.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Chairman, I suggest to
the gentleman from Missouri this is nothing
but an intimation to collectors and assessors of
internal revenue to reimburse themselves. If
these men are to receive no salary they will
certainly take their case into their own hands.
I have no complaint to make in regard to
the system of internal revenue as administered
by the Administration, nor have I any personal
charge to make against the different collectors
and assessors; but it is very weak legislation
to say to a body of men throughout the whole
country, "Though you are entitled to compen
sation for your labors, you shall not have it un-
less you are confirmed by the Senate." You
use your political power to put these men upon
the defensive; and if the records in the office
of the internal revenue are correct, a more rot-
ten and corrupt system never was invented and
does not exist. You are but adding another
incentive to the same men to continue the sys-
tem of corruption into which you have appointed
a select committee in this body not two weeks
since to examine and report. If this is done
for political personal reasons, if this is done
for the purpose of visiting upon those who have
been put into office where certain gentlemen
elected to the Fortieth Congress have questions
of revenge to settle, let us know the facts. Let
the committee of investigation, when it comes
to lay before the House its report, tell us the
causes for visiting upon these men the chastise-
ment of the law.
But, sir, for a Legislature to pass such an
amendment is a stultification, if honesty is the
basis of your legislation. If mere party perse-
cution is the rule here, then make the law as
the gentleman suggests. You have created a
committee: trust that committee. They are
men of your own choice, appointed by the Pre-
siding Officer of this body. Their investigations
are now going forward.
I hope, sir, no sueh act will be passed in the
face of the existing charges against the Internal
Revenue Bureau. It would be much more con-
sistent with the dignity of the body and common
sense and the common principles of human na-
ture that you shoald allowthe officers in author-
ity to do their duty, under the contract, which ia
always implied, that they will be paid for their
services. Whether the Executive has placed
them there, or they were appointed at the sug-
gestion of certain members upon this floor, is a
matter of no consequence. I have nothing to
say on that subject, but I do ask the gentleman
to withdraw bis amendment in view of the facts
of the ease, ttntil the report of the committee
of investigation comes in. Let us see what we
are doing before we drive these men to *.ho
wall and force them to take their Salary out, of
the proceeds of the revenue, thereby cheating
the citizen. These men will not work for
nothing. The honorable gentleman from Mis-
souri does not work for nothing, patriotic as
he is ; and patriotic as this body is, the in-
crease of their salary at the last session is an
indication that they will not work for nothing.
Now, sir, men who are not remunerated for
their services are tempted to help themselves,
It is a bid for dishonesty in every bureau of
the internal revenue throughout the country.
On that I rest the question. It is not soand
legislation. It is not creditable to this body.
It is not dignified.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move the following
amendment to the amendment:
Except in cases of commissions to fill vacancies
which may have happened by death or resignation
during the recess of the Senate.
I call the attention of the committee to the
fact, as the amendment stands it excludes the
payment of assessors or collectors commis-
sioned by the President to fill vacancies hap-
pening during the recess of the Senate. If a
vacancy happen by death or resignation, so
stands your Constitution, the President is em-
powered to fill that vacancy by a commission
which shall expire at the end of the next ses-
sion of the Senate. There is certainljfno man
here prepared to say that that duty, enjoined
upon the President by the express words of
the Constitution, shall nevertheless be so far
interfered with that the person so commissioned
shall receive no compensation. There is no
excuse for any such legislation. On the other
hand, I am free to confess that I am not of
that class of persons who suppose that the
words in the Constitution of the united States,
"vacancies that may happen during the recess
of the Senate," may be tortured into any such
construction as 'has been attempted to "be put
upon them by the present Executive, to wit:
that he will make vacancies at his arbitrary
will and pleasure without regard to the public
interest. Satisfy this House that a vacancy
has been .created in that way for corrupt ends,
and you satisfy it at once that the Executive is
guilty of a high crime and misdemeanor within
the meaning of the Constitution. When he
is armed by the Constitution with all execu-
tive power and charged with the duty to take
care that the laws are faithfully executed, it
never by implication or otherwise was intended
that he, under pretense of executing the laws
of the United State', should remove men from
office duly appointed and commissioned by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, not
because of incapacity or infidelity to duty, but
men of eminent capacity, because of their stern
fidelity to duty and unwillingness to corrnpt a
trust.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask a question?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I wish
to inquire whether President Lincoln did not
during the whole term of his tenure of the
executive power, exercise it in the same man-
ner in which the gentleman now complains
President Johnson has done?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman misun-
derstood me. I qualified the words which I
uttered, and when the gentleman asks me a
question of that sort he assumas that I have
decided myself that removals have been made
for corrupt purposes.
Mr. RAN DALL, of Pennsylvania. It is not
