me wmm>mQN]& globe
February 20,
far as they are concerted fbey relieve nB from
settling the question. They take the responsi-
bility and reject the terms of settlement for
thcrosclvcSt
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I would like to ask my
honorable friend a question. How did the
South reject it ?
Mr. HENDERSON. By their existing Le-
gislatures.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Have they any Legisla-
tures that are capableof rejecting it? I should
like the Senator to answer the question.
Mr. HENDERSON. My friend is in the
habit of asking this question, and prides him-
self that it cannot be answered. It is a favor-
ite question, and no answer perhaps would be
satisfactory to him.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask a practical ques-
tion : have they got any Legislatures that they
can reject a constitutional amendment?
Mr. HENDERSON. I did not say that they
have. Whether they have legal Legislatures
or not is not pertinent to the argument I was
pursuing. Those bodies are certainly compe-
tent to give an expression of popular senti-
ment. No white person was disfranchised from
voting, and I take it for granted the delegates
or representatives express on this subject the
wishes of those who elected them. The Sen-
ator no doubt insists that they are valid Legis-
latures, and he will see at once that from his
own stand-point the position taken by me is
correct. I simply said they have rejected the
amendment. Whether the rejection be valid
or invalid, entitled to much or little-weight,
does not in the least affect my argument.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Thegentleman is avoid-
ing the question. He Says these States have re-
jected the constitutional amendment. How can
they reject it if they have not any Legislatures ?
It was to the Legislatures that you submitted
it. You did not submit it to anybody else. If
they have no Legislatures they cannot Tejeot
it; and therefore to make war upon them be-
cause they have rejected it, when yon assume
that they have no Legislatures which had any
power to reject it, is both illogical and unjust.
Mr. HENDERSON. On the point of the
Senator's interruption I had said nothing,
and must express surprise that he persists in
pushing a question that is wholly impertinent
with so muoh zeal and excitement. As to the
validity or invalidity of the existing govern-
ments in the seceding States I had not spoken
and did not intend to say a word. 1 care
nothing for mere formality. If these govern-
- ments promised us the security of which I have
spoken, and we could rely upon them for the
protection Of person and property and for
future attachment to the Union of the States,
I for one would not hesitate to accept them.
But the Senator will not rest, it seems, without
having my opinion upon that subject. I there-
fore tell him it is clearly within the power of
Congress to recognize them or reject them. I
do not condemn the President for attempting
to establish civil government. Bad as it may
be, it is certainly better than no government at
all, and in my judgment it is better even than
pure military law. But in whatever light we
view them they are without legal validity as
State governments. Whatever the President
may think of them, Congress is not bound to
recognize them. If they were erected by vir-
tue of the war power, before they can be bind-
ing on Congress or have any right to challenge
recognition by that body, the law-making power,
representing the sovereignty of the nation, must
have prescribed the terms and conditions of
their creation. If, on the other hand, they
were erected by virtue of the Constitution,
then they are equally invalid, for the United
States alone, and not the President can guar-
anty republican forms of government to the
States. I did not intend to enter on this
branch of the subject at all, but the Senator
insists on it, and 1 give him the benefit of my
opinion. I hope he will not get excited again.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my honorable friend
supposes I am angry he does not know me. I
am not at all angry. My friend has said what
has been said all around me, what is said every
day: the people of the South have rejected the
constitutional amendment, and therefore we
will march upon them and force them to adopt
it at the point of the bayonet, and establish
military power over them until they do adopt
it. I simply put to my friend the question,
how have they rejected it. He answered, by
their Legislatures they have rejected it. I ask
him the question, have they got Legislatures
that are capable of rejecting it. In the first
place he answers yes, and then he sees at once
where that will lead him : if they have got
Legislatures that can reject it, then they are
States organized, with Legislatures with power
to reject a constitutional amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, am I
entitled to the floor or not?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understood the Senator from Missouri to yield
to the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. HENDERSON. I did not yield the
last time. I yielded several times, but I can-
! not yield longer to have the same question
repeated over and over again. If I have not
answered, then I cannot answer, and that is
all of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri is entitled to the floor, and
must not be interrupted without his consent.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not wish to be
discourteous to the Senator, but it is my duty
to say to him that he either misapprehends my
position or mistakes his own. I said the con-
stitutional amendment had not been adopted.
I further said that Congress would not likely
accept the southern States without its adoption.
My impression was that many members of
Congress would require even more than this.
I thought, therefore, that this plan would prove
a failure, and I was proceeding to discover
what plan should now be adopted. Does the
Senator controvert any of these positions? He
cannot. But with a considerable degree of
excitement he changes upon me the purpose
to compel the South to adopt the constitutional
amendment at the point of the bayonet. Upon
what does the Senator found the charge? I
spoke against the military bill and did not
vote for it on its final passage, although modi-
fied, as I have already stated, by the Sherman
amendment. I do not want military govern-
ment. I ask the establishment by Congress
of a civil government in each State. I want
that government placed in loyal hands. I would
let that government make and administer the
laws. I am no rhore favorable to military rule
than the honorable Senator himself.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I withdraw the charge
as against the Senator.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not yield the
floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin must not interrupt the
Senator from Missouri without his consent.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I withdraw the charge
as against the Senator. I meant to charge it
on the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator frorh Wisconsin is out of order.
Mr. HENDERSON. I regret that I have
been drawn aside from the course I intended
to pursue. For myself, I distinctly avow that
I am in favor of an early restoration of the
southern States. Candor compels me to say
that we are much further from the point of
reunion than we were on the day Lee surren-
dered. Reconstruction has now become a polit-
ical question. Until it ceases to be such there
can be no reunion worth having. If the Repub-
lican party regards it as a political necessity
to exclude the South, no reconstruction can
take place until apolitical revolution is wrought
in the North. When that comes reconstruc-
tion ceases to be necessary for the purposes of
the Democratic party. For many years the
slave furnished food for party consumption.
Unfortunately, no party did much for him,
though each party professed to be his best friend.
If, unfortunately, the southern question should
occupy this position restoration may be long
delayed. Men will find themselves drifted
along in party currents without power of resist-
ance. Party is a relentless tyrant. It looks
upon hesitancy to do its mandates as down-
right treason. He who falters in zeal is sus-
pected, and he who flinches from action is
promptly ostracised.
Should this southern question be removed
from the forum of patriotism and placed among
, the planks of party platforms, it may prove
not only sad for the South, but disastrous for
: the loyal States themselves.
I If military power is absolutely necessary, I
would not hesitate to use it, but I do not like
to judge of that necessity. If disfranchisement
is necessary, I would not hesitate to resort to
that; but it will be exceedingly difficult for
us to determine how far it should be carried.
What would be advisable in this respect in
South Carolina might riot be proper in Louisi-
ana. Hence I have always doubted the pro-
priety of any inflexible or iron rule of disfran-
chisement. I have said that the constitutional
amendment .will not likely be indorsed. It is
just as improbable, I fear, that the present
measure will meet with such acceptance in the
South as to insure speedy reconstruction under
it. Therefore I would not be at all surprised,
that, after a year or two lost in this experiment,
we shall be forced at last to do what I would
now gladly do.
For five years we waged continual war to
overthrowthe rebel governments of the seceded
State* When the war closed it was our plain
duty to establish local civil governments in
each one of the States. Congress failed to
provide for such governments. Every sensible
man admits the superiority of civil over mili-
tary government for the administration of jus-
tice. Indeed, peace corrupts the military, a3
war demoralizes and breaks down the civil
authority. I might trust to military power for
justice in time of war, when honor is then
bright as the sword itself; but in peace honor
too often cankers while the sword rusts.
This feeling, entertained by everybody, and
no less perhaps by the President than by
others, induced him to attempt the reorgani-
zation of civil governments. In doing so he
exercised the undoubted rights of a conqueror.
He prescribed the qualifications of voters,
appointed governors, with powers executive
and legislative. He dictated the organic laws
of the States and controlled their ordinary
legislation. When the laws failed to meet his
approval he set them aside by military orders.
This was complained of by our Democratic
friends as earnestly as they now complain of
the proposed action of Congress. It was no
less complained of in the southern States. It
was denounced as usurpation and tyranny.
But notwithstanding all these precautions of
the President, it is now insisted by Congress
that the State governments are Btill in rebel
hands. It is urged that they who controlled
during the war still control.
Now, under circumstances like these, what
is our plain duty? If I had my way I would
appoint a loyal Governor, and a loyal council
of ten or fifteen members to act as a Legisla-
ture in each State. Let them be appointed by
the President and confirmed by the Senate. I
would give them the entire power, executive
and legislative, in the respective States. Under
certain prescribed limitations on the subject of
suffrage, I would leave to them the entire sub-
ject of electoral qualifications. To them I
would intrust the question of disfranchise-
ment. In that way we could avoid this
unprofitable and angry discussion in the two
Houses of Congress. We would get rid of the
existing governments, which are daily con-
demned, though suffered to exist. Indeed, one
of the very amendments we are now consid-
ering to a certain extent recognizes these pro-
visional governments, and contemplates their
continued existence by fixing the qualifica-
tions of voters who are to participate in the
election under them. Our party friends ir.
the House and even here have had bickerings
