968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
the archives of the Department. That, in my
judgment, confers an authority upon the Pres-
ident to remove, not by express grant, but by
clear and unanswerable implication. I ask
my honorable friend from Michigan, as we are
fond of putting questions, whether such a stat-
ute in such language would not by implication
confer the power ?
Mr. HOWARD. _ I should hardly give it
th^t effect myself in construing the statute ;
but I should treat it rather in this way: I
should treat it rather as a recognition of the
practice and usage of the Government on that
particular subject. I should not treat it as a
legislative affirmation of the principle.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The misfortune about
that is that it is arguing exactly as my friend
from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] and my friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buckalew] did, be-
cause they contend that those early acts of
Congress were a recognition of what the con-
stitutional law was; but the difficulty about
its being the recognition of a practice is, that
when the act of 1789 was passed establishing
a Department of Foreign Affairs and some of
the other Departments, the Government hav-
ing just gone into operation, there was no
practice to recognize. They were initiating a
policy or a construction as the case may be;
and the dispute, therefore, has always been
since, whether under the force of those laws
which were then enacted a prescription, so to
speak, was running in favor of a particular
construction of the Constitution because it was
recognized, or whether no prescription ran at
all, because upon the other side it might b?
treated as a power conferred. That has been
the question, and that is illustrated more largely
I think than in any other way, if you attend to
the course of debates in the First Congress of
the United States when that act was passed.
A majority of the persons who spoke in the
House of Representatives upon the subject eon-
tended that the President under the Constitu-
tion had no such authority of removal. Some
of that majority contended that it was a subject
of legal regulation. Others of that majority
contended^ that it was a power which, under
the Constitution, resided incommunicably in
the President in conjunction with the Senate.
On the other hand, a minority of the speakers
contended that the President possessed it alone.
When a vote came to bo taken a majority voted
in favor of retaining the clause expressed in
these words: "tobe renjovableat the pleasure
of the President." Some of them evidently
voted in favor of that upon the ground that it
being a subject of legal regulation it was ex-
pedient to confer the power upon the Presi-
dent. Others may have voted npon the ground
that the President had the power alone. A
day or two afterward it was claimed by the
friends of the presidential construction" that
this language expressly conferred a power,
and therefore did not amount to any declara-
tion of what the Constitution ought to be or
was. They reconsidered that vote, and substi-
tuted for it this language, that -when this offi-
cer shall be removed by the President of the
United States then a certain other personage
should exercise its functions ad interim.. Even
upon that vote some of the most distinguished
of the members of that Congress who contended
that it was a subject of legal regulation voted
for those words, and voted for them upon the
ground that there was still by that language a
power conferred, and a power which thev
thought it expedient to confer.
J herefore, it results, Mr. President, that this
early language of the statutes, this early pas-
sage of this act and the debate upon it demon-
strate nothing in the way of an acknowledg-
ment of constitutional and exclusive presiden-
tial power; and we are compelled now in
resorting to that language to take it as it stands
and to give it that construction which a lawyer
ora judge or a satesman ought to give to it under
the circumstances. I contend that we ought
to give to it the construction of conferring upon
the President a power which by legal regula-
tion might be conferred if the law-making
power should think expedient to bestow it;
and that has been followed; that is the his-
togy of legislation ever since. We have even
gone so far only four or five years ago, in
1863, I think, in creating the national Cur-
rency Bureau, as to provide that the chief of-
ficer of that department should not be removed
by the President without the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, and no man made any spe-
cial objection to it. There was then nothing
political in it at all.
Therefore, Mr. President, to conclude, (for
I am digressing from what is now the true point
under consideration,) while the principle of
this bill does proceed upon the idea that all
this is a subject of legal regulation, the appli-
cation of that principle proceeds upon the not
unusual idea that there are certain classes of
offices that ought to be held upon one tenure,
and certain other classes of offices that ought
to be held upon another tenure; and the reasons
why these specific offices we are now speaking
of ought to be held at the will of the President
during the recess, and the reason why they
ought not to be, were largely and fully and
exhaustively gone into the other day, as it ap-
pears to me, when my friend from Wisconsin
made a most able and exhaustive argument on
the subject, when my friend from Michigan
backed him with the power of his logic and his
influence, and my friend from Massachusetts
also. What, then, are we to gain by displacing
the deliberate judgment of the Senate and
undertaking now to accede to what appears to
me to be the passionate will of the House of
Representatives? We ought to consider, it
appears to me, that in undertaking to do, we
ought not to allow ourselves in the heat of the
momentto over-do, and make that which is
good in itself bad by carrying it too far.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to;
there being, on a division—ayes 9, noes 25.
death of iion. philip johnson.
Mr. McPherson, Clerk of the House of
Representatives, appeared below the bar and
delivered the following message:
Mr. President, I am directed by the House
of Representatives to communicate to the Sen-
ate information of the death of Hon. Philip
Johnson, late a Representative from the State
of Pennsylvania, and the proceedings of the
House thereon.
The PRESIDENTproierajwre. The resolu-
tions of the House of Representatives will be
read.
The Secretary read the resolutions adopted
by the House of Representatives.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I have
certain resolutions to present to the Senate for
adoption consequent upon the information just
received from the House of Representatives.
Before submitting those resolutions, however,
I must say a few words which I think appro-
priate to the occasion.
Philip Johnson, a Representative in the
other House from the eleventh congressional
district of Pennsylvania, is no more. The
House of which he was a member has adopted
appropriate resolutions to do honor to his
memory and to express, so far as any expression
by them can go, their sincere condolence with
his wife and friends overthe great bereavement
which they have suffered. I embrace the
opportunity to express some words suited to
the occasion, and they will be words, not of
warm or extravagant eulogy, but of sincere
regard and of genuine respect for the character
and memory of the deceased.
Mr. Johnson was born in Warren county,
in the State of New Jersey, on the 17th of
January,^ 1818. When quite young he re-
moved with his father to Northampton county,
Pennsylvania, where he has ever since re-
sided. He was a student of and received his
education at La Fayette college, located at
Easton, in that county. Subsequently, like
many, perhaps a majority of the members
doing setviee in the Senate and House, he was
a teacher of youth, and served for two years in
that capacity. Afterward he was a student at
law, and was, I think in 1848, admitted to prac-
tice in the several courts of Northampton
county. In 18-53 he was elected to the House
of Representatives of the Legislature of my
State, and was reelected in the year following,
having thus two years of service in that body.
In 1860, just before the commencement of our
unexampled difficulties and sufferings in this
country, he was elected from his congressional
district to the national House of Representa-
tives. He was again elected in 1862, and still
again elected in 1864, though more than two
elections to that branch of Congress is unusual
in the practice of my State. I think that habit
which the people of that State and many other
States have fallen into is an exceedingly ob-
jectionable one. However, this is not the
occasion to discuss it. Mr. Johnson was re-
turned for a third time, the people of his dis-
trict thus deviating in his favor from the ordi-
nary political rule among the people of Penn-
sylvania in the election of members to the
other House.
Almost at the end of his third term he has
been struck down. He will no longer move
among us to give his counsel or to utter those
words of encouragement which are as neces-
sary in public as in private life to the honest
and faithful discharge of duty.
Mr. Johnson was my friend, and he exhibited
that friendship on more occasions than one.
It is therefore a duty in which regret and pleas-
ure are mingled to stand forward and cast upon
his bier an offering of some few, poor words.
The closing of a life career, especially of one
which has been passed under public observa-
tion, is well calculated to arrest the attention
and to subdue the passions of the human breast.
We know that we are all destined, sooner or
later, to pass through the dark valley and ex-
perience new conditions of existence in a future
state; and naturally we feel coneern and inter-
est in the character and fate of the traveler
who precedes us. Human sympathy is roused
in contemplating his departure from among us
to that bourn from whence none have returned
to reveal to us the dread secrets of the future.
Such occasions as this allay passion, because
they render the contests of the time insignifi-
cant in our eyes. 'Jfhey g,re made to appear
to us as the accidents of an imperfect life, ut-
terly unworthy of comparison with those tran-
scendent possibilities which lie hidden beyond
the portals of death. What we can affect in
this life we will be apt to think must appear
of little moment in the eye of the Deity, under
whose power are the gates of life and of death ;
who openeth and no man shutteth, and shut-
teth and no man ope.neth; in whose presence
we are as the--dust of the balance, and our
proudest works as naught.
Come, ye proud and lofty ones of the earth,
whose eyes are lifted up and before whom men
make abject obeisance. Behold the end of life,
to which you are destined in common with the
humblest and weakest of men! Will you not
perceive in the august presence of death that
wealth is nothing and fame but emptj' sound,
and that your ordinary cares and labors are
but vanity and vexation of spirit.
But thanks be unto God, whose power and
presence fill alike the earth and the heavens,
that He hath established a moral government
for the world, and that whatsoever is excellent
and true and noble and just is pleasing in
His sight and accordant to His will! and that
even finite man, in his low estate, may in some
measure glorify His government and His laws.
Our departed associate had earnestness of
conviction and sincerity of soul. He did not
ever bow basely to Mammon ; he did not scorn
or scoff the humble; he was not abject before
the face of power; he was not subservient to
the passions of others; nor did he shrink and
cower before difficulties and opposition. While
he was gentle and generous to the appeals of
friendship, he was courageous and brave in the
presence of danger.
But that feature of his character as a public
man for which I bespeak particular commend-
