970
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
February 2,
Griswold, Hale, Aaron Harding, Hawkins, Hise, Ho-
fan, Holme?, Chester D. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hub-
ell, James It. Hubbell, Humphrey, Hunter, Ingersoll.
Jenckcs,Itasson, Kuykcndall, George Y.Lawrence,
LoBiond, Leftwich, Longyear. Marvin.Maynard.Mc-
Cullough, Niblaek, Nicholson, Noeli, Phelps, Plants,
Pomeroy, Samuel J. llandall, Raymond, Ilogers.
Boss, Sehenck, Shanklin, Stilwell, Strouse. Nathan-
iel G. Taylor, Francis Thomas, Thornton, Trimble
Andrew H. Ward, Warner, William B. Washburn,
Whuley, and Winiield—66.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Benjamin, Blow, Brande-
gee,- Bundy, Chanler, Culver, Darling, Denison, Du-
mont, Harris, Hart, Henderson, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Demas Hubbard, Jones, Kelso, Kerr, Kctcham,
Latham, Marshall, Marston, McClurg, Mclndoe,
Mcrcur, Morris, Newell, Patterson, Radford, Alex-
ander II. Rice, John H. Riee, Ritter, Rousseau, Sit-
grcaves, Starr, Taber, Nelson Taylor, Thayer, John
L. Thomas, Robert I. Van Horn, Hamilton Ward,
Elihu B. "Wa&hburne, Windom, Woodbridge, and
Wright—£9.
So tbe motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment.
Mr. ANCONA demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LE BLOND. I ask unanimous consent
to submit an amendment to the amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object. -
The question was taken ; and it was decidcd
in the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 63, not voting
55; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Bidwell,
Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Boutwell,Bromweli, Broom-
all, Bucltland, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, E?gleston, Eliot. Ferry,
Garfield,Grinncll, AbnerC. Harding, Hayes, Hender-
son, lligby, Hill, Hooper, Ilotchkiss, John II. Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Julian, Kclley, Koontz, Laflirr, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, McKee, McRuor, Mil-
ler, Moorhead, Morrill, JVloulton, Myers, O'Neill,-
Orth, Paine, Perham, Pike, Price, William II. Ran-
dall, John 11. Ricc, Rollins, Sawyer. Scolicld, Shella-
barger, Sloan, Spalding, Stevens, Stokes, Trowbridge,
Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Henry D.
Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Williams, James If.
Wilson, Stephen E. Wilson, and Windom—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Dclos 11. Ashley, Bergen,
Boycr, Campbell, Cooper, Davis, Dawes, Dawson,
Defrees, Doming, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Farquhar,
Einck, Glossbrcnner, Goodyear, Griswold, Hale,
Aaron Hnrding, Harris, Hawkins, Hiso, Ilogan,
Ilolmes, Chester D. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell,
James R. Hubbell, Humphrey, Hunter, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, ICasson, ltuykendall, George V. Lawrence,
Lo Blond, Leftwich, Longyear, Marvin, Maynard,
MeCullough, Niblaek, Nicholson, Noell, Phelps,
Plants, Pomeroy, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond,
Rogers, Rops, Sehenck, Shanklin, Ktilwell, Strouse,
Nathaniel C. Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, Andrew
II. Ward, Warner William B. Washburn, Whaley,
and Winficld—63.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnoll, Balrhvin, Banks,
Barker,Benjamin, Brandegee, Bundy, C'hanlcr, Cul-
vor, Darling, Delano, Denison, Dodge, Ilart, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Dcmas Hubbard, Jones, Kelso, Kerr,
Kctcham, Latham, Marshall, Maiston, McClurg,
Mclndoe, Mercur, Morris, Newell, Patterson, Rad-
ford, Alexander II. Rice, Ritter, Rousseau, Sit-
grcaves, Starr, Taber. Nel«on Taylor. Thayer, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Robert T. Van Horn,
Hamilton Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, Woodbridge,
and Wright—45.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. VAN" HORN, of New York, stated his
colleague [Mr. Ward] was detained from the
House by illness, and that if present he would
vote in the affirmative.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent,
the gentleman from Ohio [Air. Garfield]
was authorized to offer an amendment to the
second section, which was to be voted upon in
case the House agreed to the amendment just
adopted. It could not have been offered as an
amendment to the amendment because the
power of amendment was exhausted uirder the
rule.
Mr. GARFIELD, I only waived it because
this was not carried. I now renew it.
The Clerk reported the amendment of Mr.
Gakfield as follows:
In lines three and four of section two strike out tho
following:
And excepting those specially excepted in section
one of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LB BLOND. I now ask unanimous
consent to offer an amendment, which I think
ought to go in in order to carry out the object
of the bill. I think it will meet with no
objection.
Mr. BENJAMIN objected.
Mr. LE BLOND. Let it be reported.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
read a third time, and was accordingly read
the third time.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LE BLOND. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken, it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 111, nays 38, not voting
41; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Baker, Baxter, B"amau, Bidwell, Blaine, Blow, Bout-
well. Bromwell. Brooinall, Buckland, Bundy, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook,
Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Defrees, Deining, Dixon,
Dodge, Donnelly, Drigg3, Dumont, Eekley, Eggles-
ton, Eliot, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Kerry, Garfield,
Grinnell, Griswold. Halo, Abner C. Harding, Hart,
Hawkins, Hayes, Henderson, Iligby, Hill, Holmes,
Hooper, Ilotehkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, John II.
Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Julian, Ivasson, Kclley, Koontz. Kuyken-
dall, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marvin, Maynard,
McKee, Mcltuer, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill. Moul-
ton, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Paino, Patterson, Perham,
Pike, Plants, Pomeroy. Price, William II. Randall,
Raymond, Alexander II. Rice, John II. Riee, Rol-
lins, Sawyer, Sehenck, Scofield, Shellabarger, Sloan,
Spalding, Stokes, Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Up-
son. Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Warner, Henry
D. Washburn, WilliamB. Washburn, Welker, Went-
worth, Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wil-
son, and Windom—111.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Camp-
bell, Cooper, Dawson, lilldridge, l inck, Glossbrenncr,
Goodyear, Aaron Harding, Harris, Ilise, Hogan, Ed-
win N. Hubbell, Humphrey, Hunter, Le Blond, Left-
wich, MeCullough, Niblaek, Nicholson, Noell, Phelps,
Samuel J. Randall, Hitter, Rogers, Ross, Rousseau,
Shanklin, Stilwell, Strouse, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Thornton, Trimble, Andrew H. Ward, Whalcy, and
Wmfield—38.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
Jarne- M. Ashley, Baldwin. Banks, Barker, Benja-
min, Bingham, Brandegee, Chanler, Culver, Darling,
Delano, Denison, Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas Hub-
bard, Jones, Kelso, Kerr, Ketcham, Latham, Mar-
shall, Marston, McClurg, Mclndoe, Mcrcur, Morris,
Newell, Radford, Sitgreaves, Starr, Stevens, Tabor,
Nelson Taylor, Thayer, John L. Thomas, Robert T.
Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Elihu B. Washburne,
Woodbridge, and Wright—41.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. HUMPHREY stated that his colleague,
Mr. Taylor, was paired with Mr. Ward.
Mr. NII3LACK stated that his colleague,
Mr. Kerr, was still detained from the House
by indisposition.
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table the tariff bill and
have it printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted tho following resolution ; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing, under
the law:
Resolved, That two thousand copies of tho tariff
bill be printed for the use of the House.
IIEIES OF THOMAS W. IIAUVEY.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced and the House resumes the
consideration of the bill pending at the ex-
piration of the morning hour yesterday, being
House bill No. 1060, extending certain letters-
patent for benefit of heirs of Thomas W. Har-
vey, the pending question being on seconding
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time, and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HALE. I demand the yeas and nays
on the passage.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to lay the
bill on the table.
Mr. ALLISON. On that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 74, nays 62, not vot-
ing 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Beaman, Bid-
well, Bingham, Boutw ell, Boyer, Broom all, Campbell,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling,
Cook, Cooper, Dawson, Defrees, Delano, Doming,
Dumont, Eekley, Eliot, Earnsworth, Finek, Garfield,
Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grinnell, Hale, Aaron Har-
ding, Hawkins, Henderson, Holmes, Hooper, Edwin
3SF. Hub'bell, Humphrey, Hunter, Ingersoll, Julian,
Kasson, Koontz, William Lawrence, Leftwich, May-
nard, McKee. Moorhead, Morrill, Nicholson, Paine,
Perham, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Price, Samuel J.
Randall, William 11. Randall, Ritter, Ross. Sawyer,
Sehenck, Scofield, Shellabarger, Sloan, Spalding,
Stevens, Stokes, Francis Thomas, Van Aernam,
Warner, William B. Washburn, Wentworth, Wil-
liams, and James F. Wilson—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Baker, Bald-
win, Bergen, Bromwell, Buckland. Bundy, Davis,
Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eldridgo, Ferry,
Griswold, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hayes, Higby,
Hill, Hogan, Hotehkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, John
H.Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd, Jenckes,
Kclley, Kuykendall, Laflin, Le Blond, Loan, Long-
year, Marvin, McClurg, MeCullough, Miller, Moul-
ton, Myers, Niblaek, Noell, O'Neill, Orth, Pomeroy,
Alexander II. Rice. Rogers, Rousseau, Shanklin,
Stilwell, Strouse, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thornton,
Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn, An-
drew II. Ward. Henry D. Washburn, Welker, Stephen
F. Wilson, and Wright—62.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Banks,Barker, Baxter, Benjamin,
Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Chanler, Cullom, Culver,
Darling,Dawes, Denison, Eggleston, Farquhar, Har-
ris, Hise, Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard,
Jones, Kelso, Kerr, Ketcham, Latham, George V.
Lawrence, Lynch, Marshall, Marston, Mclndoe, Mc-
liuer, Mercur, Morris, Newell, Patterson, Radford,
Raymond, John II. Rice. Rollins, Sitgreaves, Starr,
Taber, Nelson Taylor, Thayer, John L. Thomas,
Robert T. Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Elihu B.
Washburne, Whaley, Windom, Winfield, and Wood-
bridge—54.
So the bill was laid on the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. RITTER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Hise, was absent from the House on account
of indisposition.
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was laid on the
table, and to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
Mr. MYERS. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Then I withdraw
the motion.
The SPEAKER proceeded with the call of
committees.
were made,
, of Massachusetts, said:
I rise to a privileged motion. I move to re-
consider the vote by which tho bill in relation
to the Harvey patents was laid on the table,
and to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER resumed the call of com-
mittees for reports of a private nature.
Mr. ROLLINS. Is a bill regulating the pay
of the employ6s of the House a private bill?
The SPEAKER. It is not. A bill regu-
lating the pay of one employe would be a pri-
vate bill, but one regulating the pay- of all the
employes would not be.
MRS. EMMA A. PORCH.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Mrs. Emma A.
Porch ; which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Mrs. Emma A. Porch   dol-
lars for services rendered by her to the United
States as a spy and agent of the United States
in the State of Missouri.
Mr. DELANO. I move to fill the blank
with "$500," and I ask that the bill be put
upon its passage.
Mr. ROSS. The bill makes an appropria-
tion, and I move that it be referred to the Com-
