206
TBtB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
felt humiliated at the fact of this board sitting
in the Philadelphia navy-yard. I could name
the gentlemen who were upon that board—dis-
tinguished officers of the Navy, some of whom
had fought the battles of their country upon
the sea. Not one of those men dared to pro-
test officially against the requirement of this
duty which they were called upon to perform.
I will say here boldly that I consider it a high
misdemeanor on the part of the Secretary of
the Navy, or any other officer, to call naval
officers from the discharge of their legitimate
duties to perform the miserable work which
was required of these officers. Whether they
were ordered to do it by the President or the
Secretary of the Navy or the chief of the
Bureau of Yards and Docks or by the com-
mandant of the yard, all I have to say is that
the record of their examination into the politi-
cal status of the employes in that yard is now
on file in the Navy Department, and those who
did not pass the examination satisfactorily
to the political exactions of the Johnson party
were discharged, although many of them but
one year before had successfully passed a com-
petitive examination, open to the Whole world,
for the places which they filled. *
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. And
some of the men who had been indicted for
stealing were reinstated.
Mr. "STEVENS. I must rise to a point of
order, for the purpose of putting a stop to this
discussion, which is clearly out of order.
Mr. O'NEILL. I wan# to say a word in
reply-to my colleague.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope Pennsylvania may
have the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. Subjects have been brought
here and discussed which have nothing to do
with this bill; affd the rule is, in the five-mm-
utes debate, that gentlemen should be confined
strictly to the pending amendment.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I thought
my colleague was^always in favor of a " scrim-
mage," and I hope he will not stop this one.
Mr. STEVENS. I insist the debate shall
be confined to the pending amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The question recurs on the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Benjamin*.]
Mr. LE BLOND. I rise to a point of order.
"While the amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri wejs ^pending, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania moved to amend it by striking
out the last two words; and the question now
is, therefore, not upon the amendment of the
gentleman from Missouri, but on the amend-
ment to the amendment moved by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
the gentleman from Pennsylvania offered his
amendment merely for the purpose of making
some remarks. Indeed, when it was offered
no amendment was in order.
Mr. LE $L0ND. I understand when a
motion is made the Chair is not to determine
whether it is made simply for delay, or for the
purpose of speaking on it, or made in gopd
faith. I understand that to be the jurisdic-
tion of this House. I insist, therefore, on the
question being presented to the House in its
proper form.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will say that he made the amend-
ment in good faith the Chair will put it to the
House.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I did
make my amendment in good faith, and I
thought I had one minute left. [Laughter.]
If not, I will withdraw my amendment to the
amendment.
The amendment, as amended, was then
agreed to.
Mr. LE BLOND. I move to amend the
amen Iment by striking out the last two words.
The CHAIRMAN. As I understand the
parliamentary rules the gentleman's amend-
ment is not in order.
Mr. STEVENS. The words cannot be
*
stricken ont because they have just been in-
ssrtsd
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment, as
amended, has been adopted, and is not subject
to further amendment.
Mr. LE BLOND. I understand the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania was
still pending, and hence the other proposition
could not be offered. i
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Chair has de- j
does not
want to be rude to gentlemen. He is only
temporarily in the chair and he hopes the gen-
tlemen will confine themselves to the rule.
Mr. LE BLOND. I take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment to the amendment, tad the
amendment as amended were adopted. From
that decision the gentleman takes an appeal.
While the question was being put to the
House Mr. Lb Bi.oxd continued to seek the
floor, but was not recognized by the Chair.
The decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. LE BLOND. I yield to power but not
justice.
The Clerk read as follows:
Contingent expenses of the Treasury Department.
In the office of the Secretary of the Treasury:
For copying, labor, binding, sealing ships' registers,
translating foreign languages, advertising,_ and ex-
tra clerk hire for preparing and collecting informa-
tion to be laid before Congress, and for miscellaneous
items, 810,000,
For temporary clerks in the Treasury Department:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized, in his discretion, to
classify the clerks authorized according to the char-
acter of their services, $50,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move, in line three hun-
dred and seventy, after the word " services,':
to insert the following:
And in his discretion to employ ladies when their
services can be made equally profitable.
I do not propose to argue this amendment.
It is a subject we have all had before us. I
leave it to the good sense and good feeling of
the House. It gives to the Secretary of the
Treasury, in expending this sum of $50,000 for
temporary clerks, the discretion to employ
ladies when they can be employed as econom-
ically as men. It has been tried for several
years and in the main has worked well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike
out the whole paragraph in reference to tem-
porary clerks. It will make no difference so
far as the amendment, of my friend from Ten-
nessee is concerned, for the Secretary of the
Treasury has already the authority to employ
ladies as temporary clerks, and there is no
necessity for giving him the authority over
again.
I am against giving the Secretary of the
Treasury authority to employ clerks at his dis-
cretion, and at his discretion to classify them.
I think it is high time to stop the gi\ ing of this
discretionary power to employ and classify these
temporary clerks. If any legislation is needed
it is a law to reorganize and classify the clerks.
We have seen how the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has exercised the discretion which Con-
gress has heretofore given him. We gave him
$250,000twoyearsago to be distributed through
his Department to clerks according to merit and
the character of their services. He expended
a portion of that by giving it to the heads of
bureaus, and fourth-class clerks, perhaps giving
a little of this money to third-class clerks, but
not a dollar to the first and second class clerks
or to the ladies and messengers employed at a
small compensation. Last: year Congress pro-
vided how he should distribute the balance of
the appropriation. We directed if to be ex-
pended on the low-class clerks and employfis
of the Department. We then gave him an
additional appropriat ion at his discretion again,
and how has he disposed of that. In the same
way that he disposed of a portion of the first
appropriation of $250,000, by giving it to the
heads of the bureaus and higher-class clerks.
So, if we give him this $50,000, according to
the precedent already set, how will he expend
it? Why, he will give it to the heads of the
bureaus, and perhaps to such of the clerks as
he happens to like best. He will give a'por-
tion of it to the fourth-elass clerks, but not one
cent to those men with families who are trying
to live on $1,200 a year.
Mr. HILL. I would inquire of the gentle-
man what information he has as to the manner
in which the money has been expended. A
resolution was introduced a few days ago call-
ing for that information, but I am not aware
that it has been replied to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. lam not aware that
any official information is before the House. I
get my information from the persons about
the Department who say they know that the
money has been distributed in this manner.
So, I hope this giving the Secretary money to
distribute to his clerks according to his discre-
tion will be stopped.
Mr. LE BLOND. I wish to offer a few
remarks in reference to this proposition. It
is curtailing the powers of the Secretary. It
is akin to the proposition disposed of by the
House in a very summary and unheard-of man-
ner but a few moments ago. Sir, this system
of legislation I for one feel it my duty in my
my humble capacity to oppose, and I do so in
good faith and not with any captious disposi-
tion.
Who is best qualified to know the character
of persons that are serving under another;
their capacity to discharge their duties and their
worth as officers in the Department? None so
well as the men who have charge of the Depart-
ments. This same principle prevails through-
out your whole Government. There is no one
who knows better the worth of an officer and
his faithfulness to the Government than the man
who has the appointing power, or who is chief
executive over a certain class of these officers.
He has control of them and he should make
the appointment.
There are gentlemen here who in the last
political contest went over the country saying
that a certain party was a "bread and butter
brigade." What evidence have we had of the
truth of the assertion on this floor? It is a
struggle on the part of these men who shall hold
these offices and strip the Executive of the ap-
pointing power. Who constitute the "bread
and butter brigade?" Why. sir, the very Con-
stitution is stricken down, all the powers that
have been conferred upon the President of the
United States and exercised since the founda-
tion of the Government are to be upturned, and
for what? For the purpose of saving the ""bread
and butter " to the party here who seek to con-
trol matters in their own way, right or wrong.
Sir. sound policy and economy require that
the power of appointing these officers should
be in the President. It has been so exercised
by all the Executives from President Jackson
down to the present time. There never was a
time in the history of the American Republic
when so many officers' heads fell as during
the three months when General Harrison was
President of the United States. That fact has
become history. Did you find the party then
in power saying it was wrong? Did you find
the opposition party legislating against the
Executive for the purpose of retaining pa-
tronage? No, sir. The party then in power
adhered to the policy that had been inaugu-
rated because it was wholesome. Did you
find any of the gentlemen on the other side
eomplainingdurmg the administration of Pres-
ident Lincoln because he removed Democrats?
: Not a word of complaint emanated from that
side. Everything was right. But now, when
the present Executive, a man of their own
choice, seeks to exercise that power and to
use the patronage for the purpose of carry-
ing out constitutional measures, you find these
very men rising up here and com plaining of
the'Administration for the exercise of lawful
power. _ p
Now, the contest goes on as to who is to have
this bread and this butter, who are to have
epaulettes on their shoulders as the officers of
