1867.
THE COjSTGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
971
mittee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
vr. w. POTTER.
Mr. DELANO, by unanimous consent, also,
from the Committee of Claims, reported a joint
resolution to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay a certain draft of W. W. Pot-
ter, late acting military agent of the State of
New York.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the .vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAYMENT OF KENTUCKY MILITIA.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee of
Claims, also reported back, with an amend-
ment, Senate joint resolution No. 94, providing
for the payment of certain Kentucky militia
forces.
The joint resolution was read. It directs
the Secretary of War to cause to be investi-
gated the claims of the forces called out under
the command of James S. Fish in May, 18C2,
and to pay the said forces at the same rates for
actual service rendered while passing from
their homes as was allowed by law at the time
to other volunteer forces; the officers to be
paid as of the grade to which the number of
men, under the mustering regulations of the
Army in force at that time, would have enti-
tled officers.
The amendment of the committee was to add
the following:
And no allowance shall bo made for any troops
which did not perform actual military service in full
connection and cooperation with the authorities of
tho United States and subject to their order; and be-
fore recognizing the services of the claimants under
tin? act the Secretary of \Var shall bo satisfied that to
insure the safety of Brigadier General Morgan's com-
mand there wasarcasonablcnccessity thathcshould
ca.ll out the said troops.
Mr. MeKEE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last clause, as fol-
lows :
And before recognizing the services of the claim-
ants under this act tho Secretary of "War shall lie
satisiicd that to insure the safety of Brigadier Gen-
eral Morgan's command there was a reasonable ne-
cessity that he should call out tho said troops.
I make this motion for this reason : those
troops were ordered out by the general then
commanding at Cumberland Gap. If tlioy are
entitled to pay at all, they are entitled to it
upon their services in pursuance of this order.
Now, if this amendment reported from the
committee shall be adopted without modifica-
tion it will make it a matter of discretion with
the Secretary of War to judge at this time of
the necessity of that order of the general in
command of the post at Cumberland Gap at
that time. Now it is very probable that there
was no pressing necessity for that order; but
even if that be true, these troops which were
ordered into the service had no discretion ; it
was not in their power to decide upon the ne-
cessity of the order. They were obliged to obey
the order without question ; they did obey that
order; and if they are entitled to pay at all
they are entitled to it for the services they ren-
dered, whether the order was necessary or not.
Mr. DELANO. I have only a word to say.
The joint resolution requires that the Secretary
of War shall find that there was a reasonable
necessity for the order calling out these troops.
This subject received the fall consideration of
the Committee of Claims, and the amendment
I have reported received the approbation ot'all
the members but two, I believe. I now call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. McKee to the amendment reported from
the Committee of Claims; and being taken,
upon a division, there were—ayes 18, noes 40;
r:.o quorum voting.
Mr. McKEE. I will not insist upon a fur-
ther vote, though I think the amendment I
have offered should bo adopted.
Mr. LIfi BLOND. 1 will call for tellers on
the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. McKee.] These troops per-
formed this service under orders, aud they
should be paid whether the order was proper
or not.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Delano
and Le Bi.ond were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes P>2, noes 40.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was then
agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was then
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
aiso moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE RETORTS.
Mr. THORNTON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported adversely upon the following,
which were laid on the table, namely:
The petition of Mrs. Susan Buchanan, pray-
ing that she be reimbursed for losses sustained
in consequence of acts of the Federal Army ;
The petition of Madison Newton, asking al-
lowance of extraordinary medical expense and
personal attention because of wounds of his
son received in the service ;
Memorial of Airs, Rachel Holt, for damages;
Petition of Captain A. N. Wells, for claim
against the United States; and
Petition of Mrs. Susan B. Ager, for damages.
GEOKGJ! M. AND SAIH7.lt FAY.
Mr. THORNTON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back, with an amendment, a
bill entitled "An act for the relief of George
M. Fay and Nahum Fay.''
The bill, which was read, proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Messrs.
Fay, of Eureka, Humboldt county, California,
$7,000 in full for the use of premises occupied
by captured Indians from 1802 to 1865, for
taking care of sick and infirm Indians, and for
depredations sustained from the Indians.
The amendment of the committee was to
strike out $7,000 and insert $3,000.
Mr. BID WELL. I desire to make an inquiry
of the committee with reference to this bill,
which is one introduced by myself. These
parties actually claimed damages to the amount
of about ¥13,000. A thousand Indians were at
one time stationed upon their premises, remain-
ing there from 1S62 to 1805. I would like to
know why the committee have cut down the
amount to S3,000.
Mr. THORNTON. There was no satis-
factory proof that damages to the amount of
more than §3,000 had been sustained by the
claimants. Tho committee based this amount
entirely upon the damage to the farm of the
claimants, the destruction of their crops, fences,
&c. For this the committee deemed it proper
to make allowance at the rate of §1,000 per
year.
Mr. Speaker, I call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered: which was upon the
amendment reported by tho committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read tho third time,
and passed.
• Mr. THORNTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
J. AND 0. V. COBB AND COMPANY.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back without amendment a
joint resolution for the relief of J. & O. P.
Cobb & Co., of Aurora, Indiana.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
poses to direct the Treasurer of the United
States to pay to Messrs. Cobb & Co., out of
any money applicable to the payment of claims
against the Quartermaster's Bureau, $7,890 1 8,
in full compensation for hay taken and de-
stroyed by order of General Boyle, on the Ohio
river, in July, 1863.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.  
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEORGE IIENRY PREBLE.
Mr. DELANO. The Committee of Claims,
to whom was referred Senate bill No. 170, en-
titled "An act for the relief of George Henry
Preble," a commander in the Navy of the
United States, have directed mc to report it
back, and move that it be indefinitely postponed,
Mr. BLAINE. I trust the gentleman from
Ohio will not press that motion. Let the bill
go on the Private Calendar.
Mr. DELANO. Very well. I withdraw the
motion to postpone indefinitely, and move that
the bill be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on tho Private Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
CHARLES TAYLOR.
Mr. SLOAN, from tho Committee of Claims,
submitted an adverse report on the petition of
Charles Taylor, collector of customs for the
district, of Saluria, Texas, praying reimburse-
ment of moneys paid by him to subordinates
and not allowed him by the Treasury Depart-
ment ; which was laid on the table.
JOHN TRADER.
Mr. SLOAN also, from the Committee of
Claims, submitted an adverse report on the
petition of John Trader, praying compensation
for the use of lots in Washington city by the
quartermaster's department; which was laid
on the table.
, ItfiNJAMIN BE FORD AND OTHERS.
Mr. SLOAN also, from the Committee of
Claims, submitted an adverse report on tho
petition of Benjamin, Isaac, and Thomas De
Ford, of Baltimore, Maryland; praying com-
pensation for property used by the Army;
which was laid on the table.
UNROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled House bill No. 1090,
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
rcceive into the Treasury the residuary legacy
of James Smith, to authorize the regents of
the Smithsonian Institution to apply the income
of tho said legacy, and for other purposes;
when the Speaker signed the same.
VICTOR MYLENS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, from tho
Committee of Claims, reported a bill for the
relief of Victor Mylens, first lieutenant sixty-
eight New York volunteers; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of War and
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
to recognize the military services of Victor
Mylens, late of the sixty-eighth New York vol-
unteers, as an officcr of said regiment; and that
he shall receive the pay and allowances of the
rank of second lieutenant from the 17th of April
to the 10th of May, 1803, and of the rank of first
lieutenant thereafter to the 0th of June, 1805,
deducting therefrom the amount received by
him as a private soldier in said regiment for
the same time.
The report was read.
Mr. COBB. I make the point of order that
that bill should have its first consideration in
