THE CONOBBSSIOMi GLOBE
February 28,
decision of the committee bat not beesi taken
on this subject. One member of the commit-
tee, the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Nib-
lack,] dissents from the views I entertain on
the subject, and I therefore think it proper to
Submit the facts to the House.
Under the treaty with the Miamis of Indi-
ana, and approved in the Senate of the United
States, August 4, 1854, there was the follow-
ing proviso :
" Pmvided, That no other persons other than those
embraced in the corrected list agreed upon by the
Miapm ofindiana, in the presence of the Coramis-
eiorter of Indian Affairs, in June, 1851., comprising
three hundred and two names as Miami Indians of
Indiana, and the increase of the families ot the per-
sona embraced in said corrcctcd list, shall be re-
cipients of the payments, annuities, commutation
moneys, and interest horeby stipulated to be paid to
the Miami Indians of Indiana, unless other persons
shall be added to said list by the consent of the said
Miami Indians of Indiana, obtained in council
acoording to the oostom of the Miami tribe of In-
dians."
Under that clause of the treaty it was evi-
dently improper, more than that it was illegal,
in the United States to make any payments to
any other Indians than those described in that
clause. In 1858 the following clause, which 1
shall ask the Clerk to read, in violation of that
treaty was inserted into the Indian appropria-
tion bill of that year.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Sec. —. And he it farther enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized
and directed to pay to such persons of Miami blood
as havo heretofore been excluded Irom the annuities
of the tribe since the removal of the .Miamis in 1846,
and since the treaty of 1854, and whose names qre not
included in the supplement to said treaty, their pro-
portion of the tribal annuities from which tliey have
been excluded; and ho is also authorizecl'Attd directed
to enroll such persons upon the pay list'or Said tribe,
and oawse tl*«ir annuities ta be paid to them in
future.
It will thus be observed tha,t Congress under-
took by this clause to nullify the clause of the
treaty to which I lm,ve referred. That treaty
provides first for three hundred and two names,
ascertained by a corrected list, for the increase
of the families of the persons whose names
were there contained, and for such other per-
sons should be added by the Miamis in
council according to the custom of the tribe.
Congress, after the treaty was ratified and an
appropriation made under it, undertook to
Qrder that the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
should add arbitrarily the names of certain
additional persons to receive the moneys which
by the treaty were expressly confined to the per-
sons therein described. Now, the attention of
the eommittee has been called to this, and the
object of this amendment is to coahne the dis-
tribution of this fund exclusively to the per-
sons authorized by the treaty* and in order to
avoid ail difficulty in the matter I have em-
braced in the amendment the very language
of the treaty itself; so that it amounts simply
to instructing the Commissioner of Indian
A flairs to carry out the terms of the treaty,
and qething eJ8e. That is all I wish to say
unless some gentleman has a desire for infor-
mation.
Air. NIBLACK. Does the gentleman offer
this as from the Committee on Appropriations,
or on his own motion ?
Mr. KASSON. I stated at the opening
that the committee had not passed formally
upon that clause.
llr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, this is a sub-
ject which 1 do not pretend to be entirely
familiar with, so far as the original merits of
the controversy are involved. It seems that
some years ago, when the Miami Indiana emi-
grated west, a portion of that tribe remained
behind in the State of Indiana, and that a con-
troversy afterward arose between those who
emigrated and those who remained as to
whether those remaining behind should be
entitled to the benefits of treaties with and of
annuities paid by the General Government.
In 1&34 this subject was referred by the Secre-
tary of the Interior to the Attorney General
for his decision. The Attorney General decided
that in view of the treaties which existed be-
tween the Uaijed States and the tribes, and in
view of the acts of Congress on the subject
amendatory of some of the existing treaties,
the portion of the tribe residing in Indiana
were entitled to their share in the distribution
of moneys due to the Miami Indians as a class.
He advised, therefore, that the Secretary of the
Interior should be governed by the acts of Con-
gress on the subject, and should continue to
distribute the money thus due to all the Miami
Indians, including those remaining in Indiana.
Very soon after that decision was made a new
treaty was formed between the Government and
these Miami Indians, and in that treaty it was
stipulated, as the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Kasson] has just said, that Hone but those
embraced in the regular list of the tribe should
receive the money to be paid under it, unless
additional names were added by the consent
of the tribe in council, according to the custom
of the tribe.
Afterward, however, in 1858, an act of Con-
gress was passed, as appears by the portion of
an act which the gentleman from Iowa has
just had read at the desk, providing for the
addition of certain names intended to em-
brace and embracing the Indians thus ex-
cluded by this treaty in 1854. Ever since
1858, therefore, this Indiana branch of the Mi-
amis have been drawing their proportion of
the annuities due to this tribe. Efforts how-
ever have been made, similar to that of the
gentleman from Iowa, to modify the exist-
ing laws on the subject and to confine the dis-
tribution of moneys to those Indians embraced
in the list under the treaty, thus excluding the
names of Indians added. But so far that prop-
osition has always failed, Congress refusing
to disturb the arrangement made under the
law.
Mr. KASSON. I would like to ask, in order
to bring the debate to a focus, as the gentle-
man assents to the provision of the treaty, if
he maintains that a law of Congress can abro-
gate a provision of a treaty.
Mr. NIBLACK. The Attorney General in
May, 1854, expressly so decided. I will send
to the Clerk's desk the book containing that
decision in order to have a portion of it read.
Mr. KASSON. Do I understand this de-
cision refers to the treaty in question ?
Mr. NIBLACK. It refers to these existing
treaties with the Miami Indians and covers the
principle involved as to the power of Congress
over Indian treaties.
Mr. KASSON. But the decision referred
to is prior to the treaty.
Mr. NIBLACK. Yes, Bir; but it covers the
whole question so far as the principle is in-
voked, as I have already said.
The Clerk read as follows:
" In the treaties of 1838 and 1840 the intent is man-
ifested that those of the Miami Indians who did not
remove to the new habitation assigned to the tribe
should nevertheless receivo their shares and propor-
tions of the moneys and annuities engaged to the
tribe. The resolutions of Congress of 1845 and 1830
did nothing more than carry out the intent and
spirit of the treaties. Those Indians are dependent
wards and pupils under the guardianship and pro-
tection of the Government of the United States."—
Cherokee Nation vs. State of Georgia, 1 Peters, 17.
" The resolutions of 1845 and 1850 have ordered a
distribution as to the Indians residing in Indiana,
per capita or by families, in the proportion of their
numbers to those of the tribe residing west of the
Mississippi river, to which non-residence tho Miami
tribe were consenting by the treaties of 1838 and
1840. and are consenting." * * * * ♦
" Tho political action of Congress in dipeoting how
the annuities to the Miami Indians shall bo distrib-
uted, ought, in my opinion, to continue to beobeyed
by the Department.''
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, that is a
portion of the opinion of the Attorney Gen-
eral, under date of May 4,1854, which decides
that the Indians being wards, pupils of the
| Government, it is competent for Congress to
determine generally what shall be done in rela-
tion to them, and to override treaties. That
involves, however, a question of good faith
which I do not now propose to discuss, because
it is not germane to this view of the subject;
but that we have unlimited power to legislate
for the Indians, as the wards of the nation,
that opinion decides.
But, sir, about tha commencement of the
present Congress, some time in January or
February last, a resolution was offered in this
House bringing up this same question. That
resolution was referred by the Committee on
Indian Affairs to the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs. He returned a long report, or rather
addressed a letter to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs in this House, em-
bracing the history of this transaction. That,
however, ia too long, and I will not ask to have
it read; but the Committee on Indian Affairs
submitted a report based upon the information
thus furnished ; and that report, covering this
samq question, I ask to have read.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
Mr. Wixdom, from tho Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, made the following report:
The Committee on Indian Ai^iirs, to whom was
referred the resolution directing an examination,
and report by bill or otherwise, who constitute the
tribe of Miami Indians of Indiana, respectfully ask
leave to report:
That they havehad the aubjcct under consideration,
and alter a careful investigation ot the tacts and the
law appertaining thereto, they aresatisfiednolurther
legislation is necessary on the subject. Your com-
mittco are of the opinion that the tribe of Miami
Indians of Indiana consists of the persons named in
the list or pay-ioll, as added to by the Secretary of
the Interior, under theact of June 12t 1858. In con-
firmation of this opinion the committee beg leave
to append hereto the opinion of the Attorney General
of the United States, given under date ot October 26,
1865, and ask that the same may be printed as a part
of this report:
Attorney Gkxiral's Office, October 26, 1865.
Sib: In the treaty betwixt the United States and
the Miami Indians, (see United States Statutes-at-
Large, volume tcu, page 10i&,> it is provided in the
Senate amendments, "That no person other than
those embraced in the corrected list agreed upon by
tho Miamis of Indiana, in the presence of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs in June. 1854, comprising
three hundred and two names, as Miami Indians ot
Indiana, shall be the recipients of payments, annui-
ties, commutation moneys and interest, thereby stip-
ulated to be paid to the Miami Indians of Indiana,
unless other persons shall be added to said list by the
consent of the said Miami Indians of Indiana, ob-
tained in the council according to the custom of their
tribe."
liy the third section of the act of June 12,1858,
(section eleven, Statutes-at-Large, 832,) it is enacted,
'"That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to pay to suoh per-
sons of Miami blood as have been heretofore excluded
from the annuities of tho tribe since the removal of
tho Miamis in 1846 and since the treaty of 1854. and
whoso names are not included in the supplement to
said treaty, their proportion of the tribal annuities
from which they have been excluded; and he is also
authorized and directed to enroll such persons upon
the pay-list of said tribe, and cause their annuities
to be paid to them in future."
In October of that year, pursuant to the authority
so given, the Secretary of the Interior directed thai
the names of sixty-eight persons should be added to
the roll of the Miami Indians of Indiana, and on the
12th of November, 1862, the Secretary added other
names for participation in the then future payments
to the Miami Indians of Indiana, and the persona
whose names were so added in 1858 and 1862 h&vereg-
ularly received their annuities, but tho tribein couu-
cil never did, according to their custom, consent to
the addition of those names or to their being paid.
In tho act of March 3,18G5, (see Sessions Acts, 1864
and I860, page 546.) there are appropriated,' " lor in-
terest on $221,257 80, uninvested, at five per cent.,for
Miami Indians of Indiana, per Senate's amendment
of fourth article treaty June 5,1864, 811,062 89."
In your letter of 12th of October you ask me whether,
in view of the treaty and legislation aforesaid, any
part of the amount appropriated by the act of March
3, 1865, can bo paid to persons other than those em-
braced in the corrected list aforesaid, and to the
incrcaso of families embraced in said list?
In order to answer this question it must be consid-
ered, first, whother the aot of 1865 repeals or modifies
the actofl858; and, secondly, ilitdoesnotrepealthe
act of 1858, whether payment must be made to the
persons named in the corrected list mentioned in the
treaty and representations only, or to them and the
persons whose names have been added by the Secre-
tary of the Interior under the authority given in tho
act of 1858.
As to the first branch, so far as the Miami Indiana
are concerned, the act of the 3d March, 1865, is one
of appropriation only: such an act cannot, by con-
struction or implicatiou.be made to repeal or modify
previous permanent legislation. The act of 185S ia
not a simple act of appropriation, but expressly
authorizes and directs the Secretary of the Interior
to add other names to the corrected list mentioned in
the treaty, and commands that the persons so added
shall be upon the pay list, and that tlieir annuities
I be paid to them in the future. TI10 act of 1865 does
not, in terms, repeal theact of 1858, nor are the pro-
visions of the two in such positive conflict that Doth
cannot stand. When the act of 1865 was passed, Con-
Kjess not only had the treaty before it, but theact of
1359 also, and the fact that the authority given under
that act had been exercised. The reterenc© in th%
act of 1SJ5 to " the Senate's amendment to the fourth
article treaty June 9,1854," was to show the reason
for and object of the appropriation.
An intention U repeal or modify the Mt of UBS,
