208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
Add tke following:
Provided, further. That said work shall be given
only to persons in indigent circumstances, and to
soldiers and to widows of soldiers who served in the
Union Army daring the late reb«tlioo, and to bedone
only by tilts employ6 in person.
I do not intend to take up the time of the
House with any lengthy remarks on the sub-
ject. I wish to correct an abuse I understand
to exist relative to the service contemplated by
this section. I hear, sir, that persons obtain
work under that section and sub-let it so that
thev are able to make quite a sum of money,
ana are thus enabled to travel for pleasure
and to spend a considerable portion of the
summer at the springs. I know that persons,
competent to perform the service, widows of
soldiers who fell at Gettysburg, have been
turned away after repeated efforts to procure
some portion of this work to pay their daily
board. I thiuk I can assure the House, if
proper investigation be made, it will be found
that persons not at all in indigent circum-
stances, who have friends high in office, are
receiving most of this work, for which they are
receiving high compensation. I have for this
reason moved the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe what the gentle-
man says about the employment of clerks, and
it is true in regard to" all of the Departments.
I believe a great many who do not need it
are appointed. A great many are appointed
because members of Congress insist upon the
employment of their friends ; and they are
employed without regard to their merits and
necessity. I suppose it is so with regard to
those who have been appointed at the sugges-
tion of members on the other side of the House,
as we have no power of appointment. It has
been the practice, and I do hot see how the
Committee on Appropriations can refuse to
pay those who are there under the law. We
must make the appropriation if they a,re there
according to the law.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I beg leave to
correct the gentleman; it is not to refuse to
pay but to limit the employment to persons in
indigent circumstances and soldiers and the
widows of soldiers. /
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose they will say any
one is indigent who wants money. [Laughter. ]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to strike out the
following:
Bureau of statistics:
For contingent expenses, namely: laborers, offiee
furniture, carpets, fitting up files, and miscellaneous
items, $4,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For compensation of the Secretary 01 War, Assist-
ant Secretaries ofWar, solicitor, chief clerk, and the
clerks, messenger, assistant messengers, ana laborer
in his office, $61,330.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to insert the
word "Secretary" instead of "Secretaries."
I do not suppose there is any necessity for two
Assistant Secretaries of War.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out the
word " solicitor."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike out
this item under the head of "Post Office De-
partment:"
For additional and temporary clerks, 840,000.
I would like to understand the reason for
the employment of these additional clerks, and
what reason there is for employing more clerks
in the Post Office Department than they had
before the war. During the war they were
employing not so many on account of the post
offices being closed in all the southern part of
the country. Now, I suppose the post offices are
reopened and the post routes restored, but there
is yet no addition, as I conceive, to the duties
of the Post Office Department beyond what
they were before the wai. I know it is the
custom of the heads of the Department* to in-
crease their estimates from year to year. If
you give them the right to employ additional
clerks this year they send in an estimate for
more the next year. They always increase but
never diminish their demands. •
Mr. STEVENS. This is the usual appro-
priation. It has been going on from year to
year. The Department always finds it conve-
nient to employ others than the regular clerks
from time to time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think my friend
from Pennsylvania is mistaken. This has been
going on for the last year or two, but I do not
think a precedent can be found for it before
the war. The excuse for the last year and the
year before was the additional labor in the
Post Office Department, in. consequence of re-
opening post offices and post routes throughout ,
the South. Now, I admit that they are entitled 1
to all the clerks they had when all the post j
offices in the country were in operation, but I j
see no necessity for more. I
The question being taken on the amendment,
it was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows: j
For compensation, of Commissioner of Agriculture. |
chief elerk, entomologist, chemist, and theelerksand I
employes in his office, $33,020. !
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to insert after j
the word "chemist'' the words "and assist- j
ants." I am aware that this Department of j
Agriculture is in a little bad odor with this j
body, and perhaps elsewhere, but that it is a .
most important Department in the economy of !
our Government I have long been satisfied, j
And there is no branch of u I think of more j
importance than the chemist's laboratory. At \
present the laboratory is confined to a very
small, dark, unhealthy room, hardly sufficient
for a private, gentleman to conduct experi-
ments as an amateur. The amount of appa-
ratus is also very small and wholly insufficient.
The principal chemist is expected, as some one
has expressed it, to be "his own glass-holder
and bottle-washer," and perform all the man-
ual operations without assistance. The chem-
ist of the Department ought to have leisure for
a great many other things than the mere mani-
pulation of the laboratory.
This department of agricultural chemistry
connected with the Department of Agriculture
should, in my opinion, be enlarged and made
more serviceable and effective than it now is.
In order to do that it is necessary to give the
chemist at least two assistants, and I think we
might as well make the provision to that effect
at this point in this bill as at any other. I do
not desire to detain the committee by enlarg-
ing on this subject. It is one of not very lively
interest, I am aware, but one of great practi-
cal importance to a great number of agricul-
tural people.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read as follows:
For purchase and distribution of valuable seeds,
namely:
For purchase of cereal, vegetable, and flower seeds,
and for labor in pu'.ting up seeds, seed bags, and mis-
cellaneous items, $80,000: Provided, That the Com- ,
missiouer of Agriculture shall only purchase and diw-
tributo, with the fund herein appropriated for that i
purpose, such seeds as are raro and uncommon to tho i
country or such as can be made more profitable by !
frequent changes from one part of ourown country to (
another.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I think there should ;
be another proviso to this paragraph. I there- !
fore move to amend it by adding the following: j
And provided further. That ho shall purchase seeds j
in this country onlyfor distribution in foreign coun- i
tries, and that he shall distribute in this country only
seeds purchased in foreign countries.
I have, as an agriculturist, been familiar with
this Department of Agriculture from its origin.
I think it has gone far beyond the original
intention of the agriculturists who labored for
its establishment.
Mr. BIDWELL. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wentwokth]
uiat be can accomplish his object better upon
another bill, upon the hill for the reorganiza-
tion of the Agricultural Department.
Mr. DAWES. And I would suggest another
amendmentto this effect; that the beans which
have already been left with members be re-
turned. [Laughter.]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I second that
amendment.
Mr. WENTW ORTH. I very frequently
find that I have been sending home to my con-
stituents seeds that can be bought anywhere
in the West. Now, I do not censure the pres-
ent Commissioner of Agriculture for this. All
other Commissioners of Agriculture have done
the same thing, and the present Commissioner
. is expected to continue doing what they did.
I find upon going to the seed department,
especially in the spring of the year, the inhab-
itants of this city and the neighboring country
up there begging for seeds. A great many of
them have learned to go there to get their
supply of seeds from the Department. Yet I
am not one who entertains the opinion of the
present Commissioner which seems to be en-
tertained by many gentlemen in this House.
I think he is a very worthy gentleman, one
well qualified for the place he occupies. I
think he will comply with any restrictions or
limitations which we may apply. Those of us
who have paid any attention to this subject
certainly know that great abuses have crept
into that Department, abuses which the Com-
missioner may not feel authorized to remove
at his own instance,
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the gentlemen from Illinois [Mr. Wext-
wokth] to this fact, that different portions of
our country with different climates and different
soils require different seeds. Those that flour-
ish very well in one locality will not flourish in
another. By changing seeds from one part of
the country to another, their growth is vastly
improved. For example, the growth of wheat
in our country has been almost entirely reno-
vated, once if not twice, within a few years past
in that way. That feature of the Agricultural
Department, the transmission of seeds from
one portion of the country to another, has been
of great service.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I think I understand
this subject as well as the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Matxard,] for 1 have thoroughly
investigated it. The people of the North are
raising and sending seeds all through the coun-
try, North and South; and the people of the
South are raising seeds. You can buy almost
anywhere such seeds as are required in this
country. But I have no objection to the pur-
chase of foreign seeds for this country, or the
purchase of seeds in this country for foreign
countries.
Mr. STEVENS. I know that every year
some assault is made upon this Department of
Agriculture. I know also that there is no
branch of this Government in which the peo-
&le generally take so much interest as in this
'epartment. The distribution of seeds espe-
cially is valued very highly in the agricultural
portions of the nation. I do not know any-
thing in which my constituents feel more inter-
est than they do in getting a change of seeds
even from portions of our own country. Trans-
ferring seed from one locality to another, as the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Mayxard] has
well said, is a very excellent thing, having very
often a most remarkable renovating effect. If
you strikeout this appropriation, therefore, you
strike out that which is very much desired by
all the agriculturists of Lancaster county, Penn-
sylvania, ,
I know that in the distribution of these seeds
there are many things that look frivolous.
There are some things done, I suppose, to
please the ladies, and some things to please tho
gardeners; yet this distribution of seeds is all
very useful, and I do not think that heretofore
there has been any abuse in this matter except
such as is incident to all human affairs. I be-
lieve that this distribution of seeds, together
with all the other operations of tho Department
