1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
209
of Agriculture, has been of great public advan-
tage, and the Department ought to be cherished
for the benefit ot the public at large. Although
it is easy to ridicule a few items introduced in
this bill, yet I think that these appropriations
for the benefit of the agricultural interests of
the country are of great importance. The De-
partment of Agriculture has been so conducted
that it has proved more valuable than I ever
expected it to be.
Mr. B1DWELL. I move to "amend the
amendment by striking out the last word.
Notwithstanding all the embarrassments and
imperfections that may be connected with the
operations of the Department of Agriculture,
I think we ought not to do anything which may
have the oft'ect of crippling it and marring still
further its efficiency. I believe that this De-
partment might be and should be reorganized
and made more efficient. It is a Department
in whose operations the entire country takes
an interest and a pride.
The proposition of the gentleman from Illi-
nois is ono which cannot be introduced here
so as to be made effectual and practical There
is no doubt that seeds can be purchased in
Europe and introduced in this country to very
great advantage; and the practice should be
continued. X think, also, that it is of advan-
tage to purchase seeds in our own country and
send them to Europe, exchanging them per-
haps for European seeds. It is also desirable
to exchange the seeds of one part of our coun-
try for those of another portion. But the ne-
cessary legislation for carrying out this object
cannot be properly embodied in a brief amend-
ment, to an appropriation bill. We cannot in
this hasty manner prescribe the necessary legis-
lation as a guide for the Commissioner of Agri-
culture, so that the object we have in view may
be put into practice. We had better allow the
clause of the bill to stand as it is, and let a bill
be introduced hereafter for the reorganization
of that Department. This is my judgment on
the matter. I hope, that the amendment will
not prevail.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to ask the
gentleman from California [Mr. Bidweli,] a
question: is there not as much difference
between the crops of his State and those of
mine as there is between the crops of either
of our States and those of any country in
Europe ?
Mr. BIDWELL, Oh, yes, sir. And I be-
lieve that the Commissioner of Agriculture
ought to require every person upon the Pacific
coast to whom, seeds are sent, to send in return
a certain quantity of seeds raised in that' region.
In other words, seeds raised iri the Atlantic
States should be distributed on the Pacific
eoast, and those raised on the Pacific coast
should be distributed in the States of the east.
There are great advantages in exchanging
seeds, as I. know by experience. I withdraw
mv amendment, ta the amendment.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I renew the amend-
ment; and I desire to say that I trust nothing
I have said may be construed as reflecting in any
way upon the Department of Agriculture, and
least of all upon the Commissioner, although
I think "that great abuses have crept into the
Department with reference to the purchase of
American, seed for American distribution. But,
as tbe gentleman from California, [Mr. Bid-
well,] who is the chairman of the Committee
on Agriculture, and no doubt understands this
subject thoroughly, has declared his intention
or-willingness to introduce a bill .for the reor-
ganization of this Department, a measure which
will provide a cure for existing abuses and
seeure the intended efficiency of this branch
of the governmental administration, 1 am will-
ing to withdraw my amendment. I shall look
to him to introduce a proper measure for rem-
edying all existing defects.
Mr. BID WELL. I pledge myself to the
gentlemanto use my urgent exertions to accom-
plish that end, . <- ■ .
Mr. WENTWORTH. Then I withdraw the
amendment to the amendment, and also the
original amendment.
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 14.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend by
striking out in the seven hundred and eighty-
sixth fine the word "eighty" and inserting
''sixty;" so that the clause will read:
For purchase of cereal, vegetable, and flower seeds,
and for labor in putting up seeds, seed bags, andmis-
cellaneous items, $G0,0U0.
This will make the appropriation correspond
in amount with that made last year.
Mr. BID WELL. I trust the gentleman will
give us some reason why this amendment should
be adopted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Sixty thousand dol-
lars was considered sufficient last year; and I
do not see why the same amount should not be
enough now.
Mr. BID WELL. I think that $80,000 was
the amount appropriated last year.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The document in my
hand shows that the appropriation last year
for this item was $60,000. This year the
amount callcd for by the estimates of the Com-
missioner was $90,000. The comoaittee reduced
it from $90,000 to $80,000, striking off $10,000;
and I desire the Committee of the Whole shall
reduce it to the appropriation of last year.
Jt will be observed by the House that these
estimates are increasing from year to year.
If Congress gives every time they ask all they
ask, they will run up thousands every year. It
is our duty to keep them in bounds. I wish to
keep this within the bounds of last year. My
proportion of seeds under that appropriation
is all I ask.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the
amendment by reducing the sum to $40,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I accept that:
Mr. MORRILL., Mr. Chairman, I ihave
heretofore struggled to make soma reformation
in that Department, but our friends are so fond
of the "stistics" and "anilysas" oftheDe-
partment that I have never been able to suc-t
ceed. We have here an appropriation of
$38,000 for employes without any specifica-
tion and left entirely to the disposal of the
chief of Department. When this Department
was first established that sum was; I believe,
about the amount of the whole cost of its an-
nual maintenance. As the gentleman from
Illinois has stated, all we allowed last year was
$60,000—much more than was necessary if
economically expended. All of the items as
this year proposed in this appropriation amount
to $162,000-—every year increasing, as will be
seen, and more than three times what it cost
only a few years ago. And beyond this the
Commissioner is allowed to go to the Pub-
lic Printing Office and have published a
monthly or semi-monthly document costing the
Government, as I am informed, an amount
equal to this whole appropriation. Some of
the articles published in this governmental
periodical may be of some value, but they
might much better be included in the aunual
report.
It strikes me we should at this time pay
some attention to the expenditures made in
this as well as in other Departments. And
what is the character of the seeds we receive?
Seven eighths are precisely such as you can go
to any agricultural seed-store and buy. -twill
do the justice to say that even the old names
of thirty years ago have not been changed. • It
is nothing more than a bonus to those people
who see fit to write to the Department or call
upon it for their regular annual supply of com-
mon garden-seeds. Look at the way in which
these seeds are expended, saying nothing of
the equally extravagant manner in which they
are purchased. One half at least are given to
those who call eitlifer in -person or by letter
upon the Department for their Supplies. For
those who happen to live near by it-is just the
thing to call and seledt their annual supply of
seeds without paying; for-them, while those who
live at remote distances are compelled to forego
such privileges- It seems to me equally unfair
that persons living near by or remote from the
capital shall be allowed annually to address a
letter to the Department for parcels of seed,
thus sponging them: out of the Government
instead of paying for them at the agricultural
seed-stores. These are little matters but they
constitute a large item in the expenditures of
the Department. And I speak from knowledge
that tbe quality of these seeds is inferior to
what they were someyea,rs ago. Then wo had
the best kind selected from the old varieties,
and some of a new and rare sort. Now we
have the commonest varieties and sometimes
the poorest distributed in small parcels, a large
share of which are useless when received be-
cause not suited to the climate. * I do not wish
to cripple this Department. 1 wish to reform
it and make it worthy of the Government; and
now everybody knows that it is discreditable.
Mr. SPALDING. I move .that the commit-
tee now rise.
The motion was agreed to1.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Lawrence, of
Pennsylvania, reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union having had
under consideration the state of the Union gen-
erally, and particularly House bill No. 896,
making appropriations for the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1868,
had made sundry amendments thereto.
OCCUPATION OF SAN JUAN.
Mr. DENNY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the foliowing.resolution; which was read,
considered, an(l agreed to:
Resolved, That ths President of the United States
be requested to communieato to this ityU3o, if tilig
can be done compatibly with tho public interest, a
copy of all correspondence between tho Government
of the United States and Her Britannic Maj esty's Gov-
ernment on the subject of the joint occupancy of tho
Mind of San Juan, in "Washington Territory..
RECONSTBOOTION.
Mr. STEVEN'S,. I desire to move to take up
House bill No^ 623, to enable the States1 lately
in rebellion to regain their privileges in the
Union, for the purpose of offering some amend-
ments and having them printed. It is an im-
portant bill lying over fronj the last session,
and ought to be. taken up and acted on after
the holidays. . ,
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to postpone all the
preceding special orders.
The motion was agreed to. '1
Mr. STEVENS. I present certain amend-
ments to the bill and move that they be printed.
The motiou was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
.A message .from the Ser\ate;. by Mr. John W.
Forney, its Secretary, iijfprmed tKe House that
the Senate.had framed & joint resolution (S. R.
No. .140) for the relief of Charles Clark, mar-
shal of the United States for the district of
Maine, in which he was directed to request the
concurrence of the House.
order op business for to-morrow. ..
: "Mr. HALE. I ask unanimous consent.that
the House devnte to-morrow to the considers*
tion of the President'.® annual message, in Com-
mittee of the Wliole" on the state of. the Union,
and that ho other business be transacted..
Several Members. Oh, that.will ndfc do..
Mr. STEVENS. I hope we will have no
such understanding. If there is no quorum
herethatwill be the fact, butl object to losing
another day in addition to the two weeks' recess;
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As chairs
man of the Committee of the Whole on. the
state of the Union, I desire; tor say that there
are many gentlemen, some thirty" I' believe,
who desire to make speechesjand I hope unan-
imous consent will be "given to devote to-mor-
row to speech^makiijg. •- -We lose ne time by it.
. Mr. STEVENS; .SJpposewe say to-morrow
and.during; the vacation: ^Laughter.]
. The SPEAKER; That will not be in order,
as thk two Houses have, resolved not to be in
session. •■■■■, hi
•Mr.- SPALDING -and Mr. FINCK objected
to mating the'order;. ; . >
