1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1649
and reverse the action of the Government thereun-
der, cannot be inferred from such reference in such
an act.
The act of 18tV> does not repeal the act of 1858.
As to the second branch, a treaty is a contract
betwixt Powers independent, and, for the purposes
oi the treaty, e^ual under our form of Government.
Treaties are made by the President and Senate,
t^ome treaties require legislation by Congress before
they can be executed. Thisisknown to the contract-
ing parties, as money cannot bo drawn from the
Treasury except under an act of appropriation. All
treaties that cannot be performed without the pay-
m«ut of money must be executed after Congress shall
act, and then in the mode, and only in the mode,
prescribed by Congress. The Executive and the
judiciary are powerless to execute such treaties in
any other way. It is by virtue of the act of Congress,
and not of the treaty, that the money is obtained
from the Treasury.
A treaty is a contract of the very highest charac-
ter, and invested by the Constitution with the dignity
of an act of Congress, but with a character no higher
and a dignity no greater than an act of Congress made
in pursuance of the Constitution. A right which is
vested under either cannot be divested by an act of
Congress, and yet it is in the power of Congress, by
refusing the necessary appropriations, to defeat the
performance of a treaty. Treaties made by the Pres-
ident and the Senate, that require legislation to exe-
cute them, are thus brought under the consideration
and are subject to construction by Congress. When
Congress has considered and construed them the sev-
eral Departments are bound by such construction.
The President and Senate, who made the treaty, join
in the act which gave it construction.
01 the construction given to a treaty by Congress,
no one has a right to complain except the Power with
which thetreaty wasentered into, and such complaint
must be made to the political power of the Govern-
ment, and not to the organ charged by Congress with
the execution of an act.
These views are sustained, as I think, by the cases
of James Turner vs. The American Baptist Mission-
ary Union, 5 McLean, 344, and Charles G. Taylor et
al. vs. Marcus Morton, 2 Curtis, 454.
I am therefore of the opinion that payment must be
made according to the list or pay-roll as added to by
the Secretary of the Interior under the act of June
12, 1358.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES SPEED,
i. Attorney General.
Hon. James Harlan, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. NIBLACK. I will occupy the floor but
a few moments longer. It seems that two
Attorney Generals have sustained the validity
of the action of Congress which recognizes
that portion of the tribe living in Indiana as a
part of the Miami tribe of Indians notwith-
standing treaty stipulations or objections from
any other source under any pretense whatever.
The Secretary of the Interior, acting under
the authority of Congress, and in pursuance,
as we are bound to presume, of authority con-
ferred under existing treaty stipulations, re-
ferred to by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Kasson,] added these sixty-eight other names
to the list embraced in the treaty, and I think
we ought to assume that that was correctly
done. It is a matter which Congress cannot
very well supervise, and therefore I think we
ought not to attempt to regulate it by legis-
lation without the concurrence of the Depart-
ment of the Interior.
But, as has been shown by the report just
read, this matter was referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs at the last session of Con-
gress, and after examination that committee
recommended that legislation similar to that
proposed by this amendment should not be
adopted. Therefore the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] is in opposi-
tion to the recommendation of the Committee
on Indian Affairs at the last session of Con-
gress, as well as to the action of the Depart-
ment of the Interior under the authority of
Congress.
I now ask that the Clerk read a letter from
the present Commissioner of Indian Affairs
to the chairman of the Committee of Indian
Affairs of the Senate.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department op the Interior,
Office Indian Affairs,
Washington, D. C., February 23,1867.
Sir: Having heard that it hag been proposed to
have legislation in connection with the Miami In-
diana of Indiana, striking at certain individuals ad-
mitted upon the pay-rolls of those Indians, by virtue
uf an act of Congrefcs passed in 1858,1 have the honor
to iniurm you that attempts have been repeatedly
made, similar to the one now current, and that Con-
gress has as often refused to disturb the status of the
people in interest. I would, therefore, most respect-
fully suggest, that before any delinite action shall be
o9th Cong. 2d Se^.—No. 104.
taken in the premises, that your honorable commit-
tee may refer the matter to this office for facts, &e.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
LEWIS V. liOGY, Commissioner.
Hon. John Henderson, Chairman Committeeon Indian
Ajfairs, United States Senate.
Mr. NIBLACK. Now, it will be seen that
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, who is
charged with the execution of treaties and the
payment of these annuities, asks that we will
not pass the legislation proposed by the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] without lirst
referring this matter to his office for exam-
ination, and report by hiin upon the facts of
the case. I therefore think we ought not, in
opposition to the recommendations I have re-
ferred to, attempt to adopt the section proposed
by the gentleman from Iowa.
| Mr. KASSON. A very few words, if the
; House will observe the principal facts in the
li case, will settle this whole question. The first
opinion of the Attorney General which has been
read relates to an entirely different subject. It
does not relate at all to this treaty, but was
published prior to the making of the treaty.
, The treaty was made for the express purpose,
: among other things, of avoiding a difficulty that
was raised by that very opinion of the Attorney
General. Under the old provisions of thetreaty
the Miami tribe of Indians were entitled to
annuities, and consequently Congress had a
i perfect right to say who constituted the tribe.
Under the new treaty, the treaty itself declared
who constituted the tribe of Miamis within the
meaning of this clause. Consequently there is
nothing left to the discretion of Congress or the
discretion of the Attorney General. That set-
tles the first point.
The second point is that the opinion of the
second Attorney General is upon the right of
the executive department to act under the
control of the legislative department in expend-
ing the appropriations made by Congress. He
, says rightfully in that opinion that it is a
1 question for the political department to deter-
mine what conditions and charges shall accom-
pany the amounts appropriated; he is perfectly
right in that, and he says distinctly that if
Congress had not left it in doubt about the re-
peal of this clause of 1858 there would be no
difficulty about it at all. And that is precisely
what is now proposed to be done: to insert a
section that shall restore the treaty and repeal
the law that abrogated the treaty or attempted
to abrogate it.
The whole question is therefore in a nut-
shell; it is whether this House is willing to
declare that this treaty shall be carried into
effect in its express terms or whether it shall
continue to declare that sixty-eight persons
who are not included at all in the treaty shall
continue to draw annuities from which they
are excluded by the terms of the treaty itself.
I consider it almost a legislative outrage; al-
most as much so as if Congress were to de-
clare that a portion of the debt owing to the
Territory of Nebraska, and admitted to be
owing to that Territory, should be turned away
and arbitrarily appropriated to the State of
Iowa.
That is the whole question involved in this
case, and I call the attention of the House to
the clause now proposed to be added to this
bill as an additional section. It says that the
money shall be paid according to that treaty,
and I have incorporated in the amendment the
very language of the treaty itself; and it repeals
the clause which diverted the money from the
Indians to whom the treaty gave it.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to ask my col-
league on the committee whether there is not
a question of fact involved here, and that is :
whether any additional Indians are to be em-
braced under the stipulation of the treaty by
the order of the Indians themselves in council.
Mr. KASSON. I will say to my colleague
on the committee that that question of fact is
avoided entirely in the amendment, which pro-
vides that none shall be paid except the three
hundred and two embraced in the corrected
list and the increase of their families, as
provided by that clause of the treaty, and such
other persons as shall be shown to have been
added by order of the Miamis in council
according to the custom of their tribe. No
possible exception can be taken to the amend-
ment now proposed, as it leaves the matter
stand directly upon the treaty and steers clear
of all questions of fact. Any Indian whose
name may be shown to have been added
according to the treaty by the Miamis in coun-
cil will come in under this amendment as fully
as he could by any provision of law.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as I am unwilling to
detain the House when there is so much
pressing business, I call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HILL. Will the gentleman yield to me
five minutes ?
Mr. KASSON. Certainly.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, there is so little
room for argument in this case—the simple
statement of the proposition must present the
matter so clearly—that I need not occupy the
attention of the House fdr any great length of
time.
As has been so clearly stated by the gentle-
man from Iowa, a treaty was made with the
Miami tribe of Indians by the terms of which
the benefit of certain annuities were set apart
for the Miami Indians of Indiana designated
in a certain list. Those were the terms of
the treaty: that the persons embraced in a cer-
tain list of names should be treated as the
Miami Indians of Indiana, entitled to the ben-
efit of these annuities.
Mr. SPALDING. And such others as they
might receive.
Mr. HILL. Not such others as they might
receive, but such others as might be added to
the list with the consent of that tribe in council.
Mr. SPALDING. That is it.
Mr. HILL. Now, I will state to the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] that there
never has been another name added to that
list by the consent of the tribe in council.
The simple question now is whether the terms
and stipulations of a solemn treaty entered into
by us with these poor Indians shall be carried
out with the same good faith which would be
observed with regard to a treaty entered into
with one of the most powerful nations of the
earth. I undertake to say that if we should
undertake to pursue with Great Britain or
Franco a similar course to that which has
been pursued by Congress since 1858 in refer-
ence to these Indians, we should call down
upon us the guns of those nations if they re-
tained a particle of self-respect or national
pride. And there would be justice in such a
resort on their part.
We have stipulated by solemn treaty that
certain persons, and none others unless the
tribe shall consent to it, shall receive the ben-
efit of these annuities ; yet in violation of that
treaty—made not by Congress, but by a power
recognized under the Constitution as separate
and distinct from Congress, the treaty-making
power—we by legislation, without the consent
of the other party to the treaty, in direct vio-
lation of the contract, in gross violation of
ordinary good faith, add the names of persons
not entitled and give them portions of these
annuities, the number of persons already thus
added amounting to one hundred and five.
Now, sir, all I ask is that the same good
faith which we observe with other nations, the
same good faith that we would demand at the
hands of other nations, shall be observed with
regard to these poor children of the forest. I
have no desire to appeal to sympathy. I base
this matter on the requirements of the merest
justice.
Mr. WINDOM. Will the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Hill] yield to me for a moment ?
Mr. HILL. Certainly.
Mr. WINDOM. The report which has been
brought to the attention of the House by the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] was
made in March, 1866, by the Committee on
Indian Affairs of this House. In that report
the committee refer simply to the opinion of
the Attorney General, basing their opinion, as
