1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
973
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Boutwell re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole House
had had under consideration the Private Calen-
dar, and had instructed him to report to the
House a joint resolution and two bills with the
recommendation that they do pass.
The House proceeded to the consideration
of the joint resolution and bills reported by
the committee.
john r. beckley.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 174) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to audit and pay
the claim of John II. Beckley.
Mr. DELANO. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and, being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
e. j. cttriey.
A bill (S. No. 443) for the relief of E. J.
Curley.
Mr. DELANO. I demand the previous
question on that bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. •
MRS. EMMA a. PORCH.
A bill (H. R. No. 1094) for the relief of
Mrs. Emma A. Porch.
Mr. DELANO. I move the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONGRESSIONAL I'lUNTER.
Mr. LAPLIN. The Committee on Printing,
which is authorized to report at any time, have
instructed me to report a bill providing for the
election of a congressional printer.
The bill was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that the House of Representa-
tives shall elect viva voce some competent per-
son, who shall be a practical printer, to take
charge of and manage the Government Print-
ing Office.
The second section provides that the person
so elected shall be deemed an officer of the
House of Representatives, and shall be de-
nominated "Congressional Printer," and shall
hold his office -for two years and until his suc-
cessor shall be elected. He shall pf-int and
bind the Journals and such other documents
as may be ordered by each House of Congress;
and shall execute all the printing and binding
for the Executive Departments now required
by law to be executed at the Government office ;
and shall in all respects be governed by the
laws in force in relation to the Superintendent
of Public Printing, and the execution of the
printing and binding.
The third section provides that from and after
the passage of this act, and the election of a
Congressional Printer in pursuance thereof, the
office of Superintendent of Public Printing
shall be abolished.
The fourth section provides that this act shall
take effect from and after its passage; and all
laws inconsistent with its provisions are hereby
repealed.
Mr. ROSS. I would inquire how this bill
comes before the House at this time?
The SPEAKER. It was reported from the
Committee on Printing, which is authorized to
report at any time.
As the question was raised the other day in
regard to the authority of another committee,
the Committee on Enrolled Bills, to report
original bills or resolutions under the general
authority to report at any time, the Chair will
state that it has been decided upon appeal
that the Committee on Printing is not confined
merely to resolutions for printing copies of
documents, but it can also at any time report
bills and joint resolutions pertaining to the sub-
ject of printing.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. LAPLIN. This bill explains itself; its
provisions are short and so plain that they can
be clearly understood by every member of the
House who has given his attention to its read-
ing. The object of the bill is to place the con-
trol of the Government Printing Office in the
hands of Congress ; that being the body which
is chiefly responsible for the heavy expendi-
tures made in that office, it has been thought
proper that upon them should devolve the
responsibility of selecting the individual to
manage that office.
It is needless for me to occupy the time of
the House by any further explanation of why
it has been thought expedient by the Commit-
tee on Printing to recommend the passage of
this bill. The committee do not desire to
press the subject upon the House without due
and proper consideration. If there is any one
here who desires to discuss this question I am
perfectly willing-—in the mean time retaining
possession of the floor—to give him such an op-
portunity. I believe in a matter of this mag-
nitude, in regard to whicli there may properly
be a just difference of opinion, it is due to those
who may differ with the committee that they
should have an opportunity to express that
difference. I do not care to press this subject
to an immediate consideration without afford-
ing such an opportunity. This session being
so near its close I trust no member of the
House will consider mo as ungenerous if I
ask that any one who may choose to submit
his views in opposition to this bill will do so in
as short a time as possible—will condense his
views into as brief a space as he can.
And now, if there is any one who desires to
speak, either in favor of or in opposition to
this bill, I will give him the opportunity, re-
taining, as I have already said, my control of
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
it is the desir#of the Pennsylvania delegation
to take the floor at half past two o'clock, to
announce the death of their late colleague, Mr.
Johnson.
Mr. ROSS. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Laflin] that as
this is a new measure and just introduced, it
had better be postponed until next week, and
in the mean time the bill can be printed.
Mr. LAFLIN. I cannot consent to that
arrangement. As gentlemen are well aware,
it is now so late in the session that if this bill
should encounter the veto of the President it
will be impossible for us to pass it over that
veto, unless it should now be passed at once.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us vote now.
Mr. LAPLIN. As there seemsto be no one
who cares to discuss this subject, I now call
the previous question.
Upon seconding the demand for the pre-
vious question, upon a division, there were—
ayes 80, noes 23.
So the previous question was seconded.
The-main question was then ordered ; which
was upon ordering the bill to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I move that the bill be
laid on the table; and upon that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering th®
yeas and nays; and upon a division, there were
—ayes 21, noes 87 ; not one fifth voting in the
affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. FINCK called for tellers.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest that we take
the yeaa and nays on the passage of the bill.
We do not want them twice on substantially
the same question,
Mr. FINCK. Has the bill been printed?
The SPEAKER. It has not been.
Mr. FINCK. What is the necessity of rush-
ing through the House a bill of this kind to-day
■which has not been printed?
Mr. CONKLING. We propose to electa
printer that we may have this and other bills
printed. [Laughter.]
Mr. NIBLACK. I beg to appeal to the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Laflin] to let
the bill lie over till next week.
Mr. FINCK. I insist on my call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
The SPEAKER. Twenty-fiv® members—a
sufficient number to call the yeas and nays—
have voted to order tellers. If there be no
objection the Chair will consider the yeas and
nays as ordered.
There was no objection.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fornet,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill and joint resolution of the follow-
ing titles, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
An act (S. No. 490) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to provide a temporary govern-
ment for the Territory of Idaho," approved
March 3,1803; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 157) in relation
to ocean mail service between San Francisco,
in California, and Portland, in Oregon.
death of itox. philip johnson.
The SPEAKER. The hour of half past two
o'clock having arrived, the Chair, in pursuance
of the arrangement agreed to by unanimous
consent, recognizes the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Ancona,] who takes the floor
to announce the death of his colleague, Mr.
Johnson.
Mr. ANCONA. Mr. Speaker, it has become
my melancholy duty to announce to the House,
the death of a friend and colleague, Hon.
Philip Johnson, a member of this House from
the State of Pennsylvania. This sad event
occurred on Thursday evening, at eight o'clock,
at his rooms in this city. Though suffering
with a chronic disease for the past three years,
preventing his attendance here nearly all of
last and up to a recent period of this session,
the immediate cause of his dejtth was a cold
contracted a week ago, when last he participated
with great earnestness in the discussions in this
House, resulting in congestion of the lungs.
Philip Johnson was born in Warren county,
New Jersey, January 17,1818. In 1839 he re-
moved with his father to Northampton county,
Pennsylvania. He was educated at Lafayette
College, Easton, Pennsylvania, spent several
ycars'teaehing school in the South, after whicli
he studied law, and was admitted to the bar in
1848, soon afterward elected clerk of the courts,
and in 1853 and 1854 to the State Legislature
from Northampton county. In 18C0 he was
the revenue commissioner for the third judicial
district of the State, and was elected the same
year a Representative from Pennsylvania to
the Thirty-Seventh Congress; reelected in 1802
and 1804 to the Thirty-Eighth and Thirty-Ninth
Congresses.
Mr. Johnson was a man of positive convic-
tions, sound judgment, quick of comprehen-
sion, and earnest in his advocacy of meas-
ures he believed right. Of stern integrity and
unquestioned fidelity to the principles of
his political faith, with manners which to
1 those who did not know him well might have
