974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
appeared somewhat brusque, he possessed
great kindness of hearfc and was devoted in
his friendships.
It was my privilege to enjoy an intimate
acquaintance with him since we first met in
this city, in July, 1861; for a time occupying
the same rooms in common with two other col-
leagues of congenial sentiment, dne of whom
(the late Hon. Thomas B. Cooper) passed to
that home from whose bourn no traveler re-
turns, long since. I visited him frequently dur-
ing his illness, seeking and profiting by his
counsels—always clear, comprehensive, and
correct. He died as he lived, calmly, and in
full possession of all his mental faculties.
Surrounded by his sorrowing relatives and
friends, his spirit took its departure from the
earthly tenement, leaving it undisturbed, with
features placid and serene as in life, so that it
could hardly be realized as death.
Mr. Speaker, I offer the following resolu-
tions :
Revolved, That the House has heard with deep
emotion the announcement of the death of Hon.
Philip Johnson, a member of this House from the
State of Pennsylvania.
Resolved, That this House tenders to the relatives
of the deceased the expression oi its sympathy on this
afflicting event, and as a testimony of respect for the
memory of the deceased the members and officers
of the House will go into mourning by wearing crape
on the left arm for the residue ot the session.
Hesolved, That the members of the House will at-
tend the funeral of the deceased from the Hall of the
House of Representatives at eleven o'clock a. m.
to-morrow; and that a committee of arrangements
of nine members bo appointed to superintend the
same.
Resolved, That the Clerk communicate a copy of
tho foregoing resolutions to the widow of the deceased;
and, further, that he communicate these proceedings
to the Senate, with the request that it unite in the
eeiemoniesol this occasion.
lb-solve(/, That as a further mark of respect to the
memory of the deceased the House do now adjourn.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Mr. Speaker, in sec-
onding the resolutions which have been offered
by my colleague from the Berks district, I beg
leave to add my tribute of respect to the char-
acter of my deceased friend. He had many
admirable traits, was kind-hearted, generous,
manly, and of unquestioned integrity and fidel-
dily to his convictions of duty. He served sev-
eral years in the Legislature of Pennsylvania.
11 was there that I first formed his acquaint-
ance' and began to appreciate his value. He
was an active, efficient member of the body,
and was devoted to the interests of his constit-
uents, among whom his popularity grew as their
knowledge of him extended. When opportu-
nity offered for sending him to a wider sphere
of usefulness they elected him as their Repre-
sentative to the Thirty-Seventh Congress. He
was reelected to the Thirty-Eighth and Thirty-
Ninth, when failing health admonished him to
decline the nomination, which would have been
freely given him, to the Fortieth.
During much of the last and present ses-
sions he has been largely withdrawn from
active participation in the proceedings of the
House; but hi's mind was equally intent upon
the great questions now engaging the atten-
tion of the nation, and when last in the House
about a week since he participated in debate.
His views on public affairs were decided, and
he never shrank from their assertion or vindi-
cation, yet he never heedlessly obtruded them,
nor allowed them to weaken the ties of friend-
ship. His ill health often weighed upon his
spirits and occasionally made him appear de-
spondent.
Mr. Johnson had few advantages m early
life. ^ Until he reached manhood he was com-
paratively untrained. But, appreciating the
importance of education, he roused himself to
the required effort, and by his own labor sup-
ported himself and paid the expenses of a col-
legiate course at Lafayette College, after which
he turned his attention to the study of law and
soon became a practitioner at the bar.
His mind was clear and quick; he had a
good delivery and easy power of expression.
His friends were warmly attached to him be-
cause of his manliness and truthfulness. He
will be much missed in his town and district,
at the bar and in the social circle. I lament
his death as of a friend I have long known and
highly esteemed.
Mr. Speaker, this is another loud admonition
to us all. But a few days since a highly valued
friend, H. S. Magraw, Esq., a member of the
Maryland Legislature, and a warm personal
and political friend of the deceased, was stricken
down in full health by apoplexy. While watch-
ing over his insensible condition I received the
startling news that Philip Johnson was dead.
They have both passed together into immor-
tality. How important that we, while using
our best energies to reconstruct our Govern-
ment for time, should not fail to use proper
exertions for reconstruction personally for
eternity.
Mr. BOYER. Mr. Speaker, the shadow of
death has again fallen upon us, and one who
was familiar here during six eventful years
will be seen in this place no more ! I stood
by his bedside on the evening of his death.
He was then near the hour of his dissolution,
and struggling with the agony of his disease ;
but calm and patient and uncomplaining, as
he had always been through the whole period
of his protracted illness. His was a nature
not easily depressed nor discouraged, and yet
never over hopeful nor exultant. The state
of his health made it necessary for him of late
to be frequently absent from his place in this
House; but he was never away from choice,
and when present no one was a more vigilant
and conscientious observer of passing events.
Although the district which I have the honor
to represent lies adjoining to the one lately
represented by the deceased, I had not, until
I met him here, the pleasure of his intimate
personal acquaintance. But the more 1 learned
to know him the more I admired the sterling
virtues which distinguished him. His qualities
were all of the solid kind. There was nothing
about him which was meant for show alone.
He was plain and unassuming, and what
might be termed old-fashioned in his manners;
sometimes blunt but never gross or wantonly
offensive. His wit, which was often pungent,
was never barbed with malice. His exuber-
ant humor and quick perception of the ludi-
crous never left him even in his sickness; and
he remained till almost the day of his death a
most genial and cheerful companion. He had
many friends. His enemies were few ; for he
was amiable, forgiving, and without deceit.
Candid and generous himself, he could not
tolerate the opposite in others, and if the fires
of his sarcasm were ever meant to scorch it
was when provoked to indignation by a mean
action, which his soul abhorred.
His character was decided. He was not in
the habit of halting long between two opinions;
and although never obstinately closed to con-
viction, lie did not often find occasion to
change his mind, for his judgment was clear
and practical. Indeed, the moSt distinguish-
ing quality of his mind was his plain common
sense. He adhered with great fidelity to the
political party to which he belonged; not for
office or emolument, but from convictions of
right and a sense of public duty. His public
and private character were equally above re-
proach. By the death of Philip Johnson
Pennsylvania has lost an incorruptible Repre-
sentative, and those who were associated with
lnm in life have lost a friend, the recollection
of whose solid merits and mirthful pleasantries
will long survive and keep his memory green
amid the fading years.
Mr. STROUSE. Mr. Speaker, having been
intimately acquainted for years with Mr. John-
son, I feel it a duty on this sad occasion to
express my deep regret at the loss of one whom
I was proud to call my friend. Nearly thirty
years ago Mr. Johnson came to Northampton
county, Pennsylvania, and settled in Easton,
the county town. His industry, ability, and
honorable eonductvery soon secured him troops
of friends, and he became deservedly one of the
most popular men in northeastern Pennsylva-
nia. Of this the many positions of trust and
responsibility conferred upon him, not by ex-
ecutive appointment, but by the free suffrage
of the people of his district, afford the best evi-
dence. For three successive terms they chose
i him as their Representative in this House; and
such was their confidence in his sterling integ-
rity and ability that he would have been again
their choice at the last election had he not per-
emptorily declined a reaomination on account
of his failing health.
In every relation of life lie maintained an un-
sullied and spotless character, and even those
who differed with him on questions of govern-
mental policy readily acknowledged his hon-
esty of purpose and true patriotism. As a
man he was what is well designated the noblest
work of God—"an honest man." As a hus-
band he was most affectionate and kind. As
a counselor he was reliable and conscientious ;
and in the forum, both in the State and in the
councils of the nation, ho was candid, truthful,
patriotic, and honorable. As a friend, I can
well say he was warm-hearted and sincere,
ever ready to aid those in need and extending
his generous hand to those who by misfortune
were thrown upon an uncharitable world.
His kindness of heart was touchingly mani-
fested at the time when the three years' troops
were raised in 1863. Several companies of
volunteers from Mr. Johnson's district were
ordered to report at Pottsville, my home, for
the purpose of joining the regiment then form-
ing in my district. At that time Mr. Johnson
wrote me several letters requesting me most
earnestly to see to it for him, that " the boys
from old Northampton" were well cared for
and to do all I could for the comfort of the
soldiers from his district, adding that any dis-
bursement of money I might make he would
gladly repay. Acts and conduct like these ex-
press more genuine patriotism than all the
windy harangues of the politician.
But he is gone from our midst! While we
mourn his loss—a loss indeed to the devoted
and faithful partner of his bosom as well as to
his district, State, and the nation—we can con-
sole ourselves by the knowledge that the vir-
tues manifested by him in this world have
secured him a place in the bright realms of our
Heavenly Father. May his honorable course
of conduct be imitated by men of our country ;
and when our time comes—when the last bell
shall toll for us—may we be prepared to ap-
pear at the bar of that great tribunal from
which there is no appeal, and may we so have
lived as our good departed friend has lived, to
truly earn the title of "good and faithful ser-
vant. '' Jiequiescat in pace.
The resolutions submitted by Mr. Ancona
were unanimously adopted.
The SPEAKER. In accordance with uni-
form usage, the committee of arrangements was
named by the Speaker yesterday. At the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Ancoxa,] he was excused, and his col-
league [Mr. Glossbkenmer] was appointed
chairman of the committee; and the Chair
has also appointed the gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. SitgreavesJ in place of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Harding,] who
also requested to be excused. The committee is
as follows: Hons. Andrew J. Glossbrenner,
of Pennsylvania; John B. Alley, of Massa-
chusetts ; James K. Moorhead, of Pennsylva-
nia ; Charles A. Eldridge, of Wisconsin;
John A. Nicholson, of Delaware; William
E. Pinck, of Ohio; Thomas W. Ferry, of
Michigan; William E. Niblack, of Indiana,
and Charles Sitgreaves, of New Jersey.
And then (at two o'clock and fifty-five min-
utes p. m.) the Speaker declared the House
adjourned till Monday next.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &a., were presented unci or
t> I^,1 t'le appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of A. H. Arnold,
ot Jonesboro , Georgia, for payment for property
destroyed by United States forces.
Also, the petition of M. L. McClelland. Hon. P.
Church, Hon. S. I. Anthony, A. Gurney, General B.
A. Cameron, and 70 others, business men of Yalpa-
