1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
over for the present. I desire to introduce a
joint resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It lies
over under the rule.
librarian's report.
Mr. BOSS. I moye to take up the joint re-
solution that I introduced yesterday in relation
to the government of the States lately in rebel-
lion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports
from committees are first in order.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
'the report of the Librarian of Congress and five
hundred copies for the use of the Library, have
directed me to report it back without amend-
ment and recommend its passage; and I ask
for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution, which is as
follows:
Resolved, That the usual number of copies of the
report of the Librarian of Congress for the present
year be printed for the information of the Senate,
and five hundred extra copies for the use of the
Library.
Mr. SUMNER. Is that a report from a com-
mittee?
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is the report of
the Librarian of Congress made to the Com-
mittee on the Library, giving information which
thev called for and which is important.
'fhe resolution was adopted.
GOVERNMENT OF THE REBELLIOUS STATES.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I sup-
pose that byunanimous consent, the honorable
Senator from Kansas [Mr. Ross] may now be
permitted to call up his resolution. I under-
stand that he desires to call it up in the morn-
ing hour with a view to make a few remarks
upon it, and as this is the last opportunity he
will have before the recess, I think the Senate
will be disposed to indulge him.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the resolution may
be allowed to be considered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator now
makes his motion, I presume, by unanimous
consent, it will be allowed.
Mr. POMEROY. It will occupy but a few
moments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, No objec-
tion being interposed, the motion of the Sen-
ator from Kansas [Mr. Ross] will be enter-
tained. The motion is that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the joint resolution named
by the Senator from Kansas. Is there any ob-
jection to its present consideration.
Several Senators. No objection.
Mr. HOWE, I shall not object to this mo-
tion of course under the circumstances, though
it embarasses me somewhat to allow it to be
done, considering that I was deeply interested
iu the business pending in the morning hour
yesterday; but I shall waive that out of defer-
ence to the wishes of the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. SUMNER. I will make a similar re-
mark. I have given notice that I should call
up this very day the joint resolution reported
from the Committee on Foreign Relations,
tendering the thanks of Congress to Cyrus W.
Field; but as the Senator from Kansas desires
to occupy the time, I shall let that pass over
until after the recess.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion being interposed, the resolution named by
the Senator from Kansas is before the Senate.
It will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 152) relating to the gov-
ernment of the States lately in rebellion.
"Wheres the amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, proposed at the first session of tho
Thirty -Ninth Congress, known as article fourteenth,
and submitted to the several States for their accept-
ance or rejection, not having been accepted by acon-
stitutional majority of tho States, and certain sections
of the country lately in rebellion being deemed
thereby in danger of falling into a state of anarchy,
by reason of thoir having no legitimate civil govern-
ment: Therefore,
_ Be it resolved by the Senate and Home of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That tho joint committee on reconstruction bo
directed to inquire into tho oxpediehcy of establish-
ing sueh regulations for the government of such dis-
tricts lately in rebellion against the United States
as shall have refused or may hereafter refuse to adopt
the said proposed amendment, as may be found ne-
cessary for the preservation* of the peaee and the
protection of society and the interests of the Gov-
ernment in those districts.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. President, it wotild appear
to be a work of supererogation to attempt to
demonstrate the necessity for the adoption of
the measures contemplated in this proposi-
tion. Of the justice and reasonableness or the
pending constitutional amendment, the non-
acceptance of which is proposed to be made
the basis and pretext for further legislation for
the purpose sought to be attained thereby,
there is no occasion for further argument.
That amendment has passed the ordeal of the
most exhaustive public discussion to which
any policy was ever subjected, and the voice
of the people has been overwhelmingly in its
approval. A verdict of commendation has
been passed upon it which no political measure
ever before received, and we are admonished
thereby, to adhere faithfully and persistently
to it, as the only one upon which the people
of this country are willing to risk the work of
reconstruction—as the plan, of all others,
which will most speedily, most etfectually, and
most safely compass the great object we all
have in view—the rehabilitation of that section
of the country lately in rebellion against the
General Government, and its restoration to its
former peaceful prosperity in the Union.
Thus far all attempts to that end have failed
of accomplishing the desired object, in fact
have worse than failed, through causes that
have been needlessly and unexpectedly thrown
in the way, and we are to-day witnessing an
apparent negation of the axiom that "revo-
lutions never go backward.''
There is now no protection under the law,
in many of those districts, for life or property;
and it has become a grave question how the
rights of loyal citizens there may be best con-
served and society reorganized upon a stable
and enduring basis. Manifestly in no way but
by the assertion of the power of the Govern-
ment in such a manner as to compel respect.
Theorize as we will about the particular legal
status of the late States we cannot escape this
conviction: that they are practically out of the
Union ; that so far as the exercise of the func-
tions of sovereign States in the Union are con-
cerned, it is an impossibility. Those functions
have been destroyed by the acts of rebellion,
war, and a general surrender. Those people
surrendered all they had and were, including
the right to exist as States in this Union, con-
sequently they cannot again exist as States until
political vitality is breathed into them by the
general Congress. The labor now demanding
our attention is, instead of simply discussing
theories, whether practicable or impracticable,
to devise forms which shall accomplish the
great aim of human government—the protec-
tion of the citizen in all his rights. If those
States persist in refusing to be reconstructed
within the Union, it is our duty to reconstruct
them outside of the Union. They are none
the less under the obligations of citizens be-
cause traitors ; their obligations to the Govern-
ment remain unimpaired notwithstanding their
rebellion; while the duty of the Government
to preserve so far as possible the organization
of society, and to secure a complete and impar-
tial administration of justice among them, is
equally enduring and unimpaired.
But a brief period has elapsed since the whole
country was ablaze with joy as the tidings of
peace spread over the land. The most de-
spondent were hopeful of a restored Union and
the reestablishment of better and safer counsels.
Under these inspiring impulses, that magnifi-
cent Army which had exceeded in equipment,
in discipline, in fortitude, in heroic devotion
to the cause in which it was enlisted, and in
splendor of achievement, all previous military
establishments of the world, suddenly melted
away and was absorbed in the commercial,
mechanical, and industrial pursuits from which
it had been drawn at the call of its beleaguered
and endangered Government. Oar -country
appeared about to resume, as a whole, its march
on the high road of material prosperity and
political greatness which had been so summa-
rily checked by the inauguration of the rebel-
lion. The rebel armies had been vanquished
and scattered. Disloyalists everywhere had
seen and experienced the futility of their trea-
sonable armaments and schemes. The' power
and vitality of the Government and people had
been demonstrated to them in a most convin-
cing and fearful manner, and nothing appeared
to remain to them but submission to and acqui-
escence in the decisive verdict that had been
pronounced upon the field of battle. "Nothing
but a desire to gather up the wrecks of what
they had been, and prepare, submissively yet
joyfully, for such a future as their magnami-
mous and forgiving conquerors had hastened
to declare they might hope for, seemed to actu-
ate them; and the country, from one end to the
other, joyously proclaimed the advent of peace.
But in an evil hour of our destiny that good
man who, like the fabled Atlas, had, as it
were, carried the nation upon his shoulders
through its four years of war and' tribulation,
was permitted to be taken from the -post of
honor and responsibility which he had so
worthily filled, and the fruition of that hope
which had been the ever-present and abiding
faith of loyal men, was put far from us. The
hand of the assassin had nearly undone the
work of years and scattered the bright visions
of the future. An insidious, baleful influence
seemed to have taken possession of a portion
of the Government, and unrepentant rebels
were permitted to swarm at the capital of that
Government which had so recently been the
object of their vengeance, impudently demand-
ing the restoration of rights which their great
treason had forfeited. Treason, instead of
being made odious, became apparently the
surest passport to executive clemency and
favor. Under no other Government and in no
other age was a parallel to it ever witnessed.
Encouraged by favor and patronage, where
there was a conscious merit of punishment,
the central idea of the rebellion, resistance to
the always and everywhere aggressive spirit of
liberty and progress, seemed again to take pos-
session of that people, and the hope was tacitly
held out to them by wicked and designing men,
in power and out of power, that that which
physical force had failed to accomplish might
yet be secured by partisan machinations and
the ballot.
In furtherance of this diabolical plot we have
knocking at our doors to-day the representa-
tives of former States which yet stand unwashed,
unpurged of the greatest crime of the age-
treason to the Republic and to liberty. The
party of treason, which gave no word of en-
couragement to the armies of the Republic in
the day of its sore trial, which pronounced the
war a failure, and clamored lor disbandment
and separation, finds in those late States its
warmest partisans and adherents. There the
more prominent a man may have been in the
rebellion, and the greater his zeal in resist-
ing the proposed measures of restoration, the
more certain are his chances for official prefer-
ment by the suffrages of the people; while the
reverse is equally true, that continued and con-
sistent loyalty to the Government is deemed
ample warrant for oppression, ostracism from
society, and expatriation. So long has this
state of things continued, and to suehan extent
has it been carried, that there is now practi-
cally no law in many localities of that country,
for the protection even of property or life.
'Loyalty to the Government is made a social
crime, for which the offender is, in too many
instances, thrust beyond the pale of society,
beyond the protection of law. The Constitu-
tion and the laws of the country are daily and
hourly violated, in that a discrimination in
political creeds is established which excludes
the citizens of many of the States from resi-
dence and the prosecution of commercial and
industrial pursuits in large portions of the
Republic.
