1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
975
raiso, Indiana, praying that there may be no curtail-
ment or withdrawal of the national currency.
By Mr. COJS'KLING: The petition of willow-grow-
ers, asking increased tariff on willows.
By Mr. DONNELLY: The petition of Stephen
Ilcwson, and others, citizens of Minnesota, praying
for the removal of the land office from Taylor s I? ails,
Minnesota, to Cambridge, Minnesota.
By Mr. JDODGE: The petition of Peter Cooper. jW.
B. Astor, Wilson G. Hunt, and many others, praying
that books, maps, charts, &c., imported tor the use
of literary institutions and the encouragement 01 the
fine arts, be admitted free of duty.
By Mr. GARFIELD: The petition of 0. K. Wol-
cott, and 2U others, citizens of i armmgt9n, Irumbuil
county, Ohio, for an increased protection on flax,
hemp, and jute.
By Mr. GOODYEAR: The petition of divers citi-
zens. of Schoharie county, Now York, praykig for a
protective duty on flax.
By Mr. IIUNTBR: The petition of Mrs. Anna Bag-
lev, for a pension.
By Mr. LONGYEAR: The memorial and state-
ment ol Colonel George G. Briggs, and others, officers
of the seventh Michigan cavalry, asking for payment
of Lieutenant John H. Hamlin, for military scrviccs
in said regiment.
By Mr. M0011HEAD: A petition from citizens of
Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, engaged m the
manufacture of leather, asking for a reduction of
internal revenue t.ix.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The petition of "William John-
son, for Amerio.ui register for brig Karnak.
Bv Mr. PAINE : The petition of Mary J. Dexter,
of Wauwatosa, Milwaukee county, Wisconsin, for a
pension. _ _ _
By Mr. PERU AM: The petition of Henry Mitchell,
for compensation for services rendered tho Govorn-
ment.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of 56 citizens of Linn
and Jones counties, Iowa, asking for the establish-
ment of a mail route from Central City, Linn county,
to Monticello. in Jones county, Iowa.
By Mr. RAYMOND: Tho petition of John T. Hoff-
man, Samuel G. Courtney, and others, citizens of
New York city, remonstrating against movements
looking to the impeachment of the President, and
praying for the adoption of measures to promote the
peace and prosperity of the country.
Bv Mr. UPSON : The petition of Ira Chaffe, John
R. Kellogg, and 39 others, citizens of Allegan county,
Michigan, praying Congress to make an appropria-
tion for a survey, and tho improvement of tlie har-
bor at Saugatuck, at tho mouth of the Kalamazoo
river.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: Tho memorial of tanners,
&c., of Pittsburg and Alleghany cities^nd vicinity,
praying for a reduction of the internal revenue tax
on the manufacture of leather.
IN" SENATE.
Monday, February 4, 1807.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. II. Okay.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
Saturday was dispensed with.
wisconsin senators.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the credentials of Hon. Timothy 0. Howe,
chosen by the Legislature of tho State of Wis-
consin Senator from that State for the term of
six years, commencing March 4, 18G7 ; which
were read and ordered to be filed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin instructingHon. Jambs R.
Doolittle to resign his seat in the United
States Senate ; which werifordered to lie upon
the table and be printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. CONNESS presented the petition of
John Clark, a soldier of the Mexican war and
a pensioner, praying for an increase of his
pension ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Wisconsin, in favor
of the establishment of a mail route from the
city of Milwaukee to Painsville in that State ;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CHANDLER. I _ rise to present a
memorial of citizens of Michigan, which I will
read :
"Wo the inhabitants of the State of Michigan,
vessel-builders and owners, desire to set lortli the
following facts and circumstances and petition your
honorable body for relief: .
"In consequence of the laws of the United fctates
prohibiting foreign-builtvessels from coasting ia the
waters of tho United States, and tho business of
freighting being far more profitable in our country
than in Canada, tlie owners of vessels in Canada and
England are applying to your honorable body to
enact special laws registering their vessels m the
United States, against which we the undersigned bog
leave most respectfully to enter our solemn protest,
and therefore set forth a few facts and reasons forthe
same.
" Owing to the enormous debt of the United States
and the absolute necessity of providing not only for
the interest but the gradual reduction of the princi-
pal, your honorable body has been compelled to levy
large taxes upon almost every branch of industry in
our country, which has raised the prices of all com-
modities to a fearful extent, oausing tho necessity
of high prices for labor and rendering vessel-building
unprcoedontly high in our States, while in Canada,
under their small debt and light taxation, it being
comparatively now and sparsely settled, provisions
and labor very low, the abundance of and conveni-
ence to water communication of her timber, vessels
can bo built there at about one half tho oost they
can in tho waters of the United States.
" And if Congress continues to permit the Canadian
vessels to become registered in tho United States froo
from the enormous expense we are subjected to, it
gives foi eignors not only a preference over our own
vessel-building and business but must eventually
retard ship-building in our country and throw largo
numbers of mechanics and laborers out of employ-
ment.
" Even at tho present time there arc a large number
of vessels being built in Canada with the intention
of getting them registered in the United States.
"There are other and perhaps stronger arguments
which might bo given why foreign vessels should not
bo registered in the United States; but those already
given, wo belicvo, are quite sufficient.
" We therefore pray that your honorablo body will
hereafter cease to register any more foreign vessels
in the United States; and your petitioners in duty
bound will over pray."
This memorial is numerously signed by our
most extensive merchants and ship-baihlers.
I ask its reference to the Committee on Com-
merce.
It was so referred.
Mr. HOWARD presented a petition of citi-
zens of Michigan, praying for a survey of the
Kalamazoo river and harbor so far as it impedes
navigation, and an appropriation for the im-
provement of that harbor; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of the super-
visors of the county of Muskegon, in tho State
of Michigan, praying that the land included in
township No. 12, north of range No. 15 west,
in the State of Michigan, now held as an Indian
reservation, may be placed in the market; which
was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Michigan, who had settled upon and improved
lands in Mason county in that State, which were
afterward granted to the railroad from Pore
Marquette to Flint by an act of Congress, pray-
ing for the adoption of measures for their relief;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. SUMNER presented a resolution of the
Legislature of the State of Massachusetts, in
favor of an appropriation for the protection of
certain headlands and bluffs and the removal
of certain obstructions in Boston harbor ; which
was referred to tho Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS presented the memorial of
Frances Ann McCauley, widow of Daniel S.
McCauley, praying for compensation for the
judicial services of her husband as consul
general at Tripoli, Barbary, and Alexandria,
in Egypt; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. COWAN presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
the passage of any law authorizing the curtail-
ment of the national currency, or a return
within a limited time to specie payments, and
against compelling all national banks to redeem
their notes in New York, or prohibiting them
from paying or receiving interest on bank bal-
ances ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Ho also presented a memorial of bankers of
the city of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, remonstrat-
ing against any alterations in the provisions of
the act to provide a national currency ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. PATTERSON presented a resolution
of the Legislature of Tennessee in favor of an
amendment to the act donating public lands
to the several States and Territories which may
provide colleges for the benefit of agriculture
and the mechanic arts, approved July 2,
1803, so us to enable the State of Tennessee
to accept the benefit of the provisions of that
act; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition
of James H. Norwood, praying to be com-
pensated for his services as assistant assessor
of internal revenue in the first district of
South Carolina ; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILSON presented a communication
addressed to him as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, by the Secretary of
War, inclosing a report of General Grant in
regard to military operations in connection
with Indian affairs ; which was ordered to be
printed.
reports of committees.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 032) to authorize
the building of a military and postal railroad
from Washington, District of Columbia, to
the city of New York, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 500) to amend the twenty-first section
of an act entitled "An act to amend the sev-
eral acts heretofore passed to provide for
tho enrolling and calling out the national
forces, and for other purposes," approved
March 24, 1863, reported it with a recommenda-
tion that it be indefinitely postponed; which
was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 03-1) to provide forthe allotment of the
members of tho Supreme Court among the cir-
cuits, and for the appointment of marshals for
the Supreme Court and for the District of
Columbia, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (II. R. No. 002)
to declare tho sense of an act entitled "An
act to restrict the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims, and to provide for tho payment of
certain demands for quartermasters' stores and
subsistence supplies furnished to the Army of
the United States,'1 reported it with amend-
ments.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution, submitted by Mr.
Davis on the 12th of December, lSO-T, declar-
atory of the principles of the Constitution in
relation to tho writ of habeas corpus, reported
it with a recommendation that it be indefinitely
postponed ; which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom,
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 84) to regu-
late the time and places of holding tho district
court of tho United States within and for the
district of Maine, reported it with a recom-
mendation that it be indefinitely postponed ;
which was agreed to.
I!II,LS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 5G3) supplementary to the several acts of
Congress abolishing imprisonment for debt;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 504) to provide for the more efficient gov-
ernment of the insurrectionary States ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the joint
Committee on Reconstruction, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to'introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 10.0) to provide in certain
cases for the removal of alcohol from bonded
warehouse free from internal tax; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
claims of loyal east tennesseeans.
Mr. PATTERSON submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Reeolvid, That tho Secretary of War bo requested.
