1652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
past seven o'clock to-morrow evening, for re-
ports from the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING. I call for the regular
order.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask consent to move that
the Committee on Public Lands be discharged
from the further consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 8G5) for the construction of a railroad
from Stockton to Copperopolis, that the bill
be printed, and laid on the table. In connec-
tion with this motion I will state that if a con-
venient opportunity offers I shall ask the House
to- pass the bill before this session expires.
Mr. CONKLING and others objected.
Mr. HIGBY. I pledge myself that I will
not ask any action on the bill until it has been
printed, so that members may see what it is.
Mr. CONKLING. I think the bill had better
wait and come up in the regular way.
ORDER OF BUSINESS:
The SPEAKER announced as the business
in order during the morning hour the present-
ation of reports from committees, beginning
■with the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
HENRY E. PECK.
Mr. BANKS, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported back adversely a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 277) for the relief of Henry
E. Peck, minister-resident and consul-general
in Hayti; which was laid on the table.
JEAN AND ELIZA CHAUTEMPS.
Mr. BANKS, from the same committee,
reported back the memorial and accompanying
papers of Jean and Eliza Chautemps; and
moved that they be referred for consideration to
the State Department.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DIPLOMATIC CORRESPONDENCE.
Mr. BANKS, from the same committee,
also submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President be, and is hereby, re-
quested, if not inconsistent with the public service,
to transmit to the House of Representatives the diplo-
matic correspondence of the Department of State not
hitherto communicated up to the opening of the sec-
ond session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
Mr. BANKS. Since the commencement of
the war the President has communicated at
the opening of every session of Congress the
diplomatic correspondence up to that date.
This was omitted at the commencement of this
session, and this resolution only calls for that
correspondence.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MRS. ANDREW CUNNINGHAM.
Mr. BANKS, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of the widow of
Andrew Cunningham; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill provides that the widow of Andrew
Cunningham, of Montreal, Canada, shall be
paid the sum of $2,600, as compensation for
the loss sustained by her in the death of her
husband, illegally enlisted in the Army of the
United States^ and killed inb&ttle at Po river.
May 10, 1864. '
It appears by the report that Andrew Cun-
ningham came from Montreal to New York
in .January, 18b4, and after remaining four
days found he had been enlisted a private in
company G, thirty-ninth New York volun-
teers. He alleged he had been invited by
runners to a bar-room and the drink stupefied
him, and that he knew nothing until he found
himself enlisted in the Array of the United
States. He was a trader in Montreal, thirty-
five years of age, and left a widow and a
mother who were dependent upon him. He
alleged that he received no bounty but seventy-
five dollars, which the officers insisted upon his
taking. The case was brought to the attention
of the Secretary of War, who said Cunning-
ham had been improperly mustered into the
service, and the officer so mustering him had
been dismissed the service for similar acts. By
special order Cunningham was ordered to be
discharged, but in the meantime he was killed
in battle.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I want to move to refer
this to the Committee of Claims or the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions. There are a great
many such cases. I think we ought to have
such uniform legislation instead of having
these stray bills coming from different com-
mittees.
Mr. BANKS. If it were a case like that
presented by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
I would not object; but it is one which stands
alone. It is submitted by the Secretary of
State, and is a question between our Govern-
ment and another Government, and therefore
it does not come under the head of ordinary
claims.
It is a matter of public interest now, for this
Government is in negotiation with other Gov-
ernments, and with several successfully, for the
relief of American citizens who were enlisted
while happening to be abroad and who were
compelled to serve in the armies of other
nations. When we are pressing this, not only
through the executive department but by legis-
lation, it is proper for us to consider what we
will do in a case which presents a clear case
of wrong in the action of our Government.
Cunningham, to whom reference is made,
came to New York for the transaction of busi-
ness, and was enlisted in the Army of the Uni
ted States. There is no question at all, as
appears by the letter of the Secretary of War,
he was improperly as well as illegally enlisted,
and the officer mustering him was dismissed
the service. The War Department ordered
his discharge, but the necessary investigation
required delay, and his discharge was not issued
till the 30th of May, but he was killed at Po
river on the 10th. It does not appear he was
not faithfully doing his duty, and inasmuch as
this is a case in which the Government can
not justify itself some reparation ought to be
made.
I would say that the Committee on Foreign
Affairs has carefully considered this question
in all its bearings, and after very mature
deliberation they were of the unanimous
opinion that this bill ought to pass. There is
upon the records of the Government or on file
in the State Department no cases which will
come within the line of precedent if this bill
shall become a law, and I hope therefore it will
pass.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to move to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. BANKS. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I suppose the reason why
there are no similar applications on file in the
State Department is that no one else ever
thought of applying to the Secretary of State
for a pension. There are many similar cases
all along the line where foreigners coming from
Canada have been wrongly enlisted in the
United States Arinv.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman misunder-
stands the bill. This is not a claim for pension,
pay, or for anything that comes under the laws
of the United States. All such matters are
settled by the proper Departments. This is a
reclamation for losses made by a foreign Gov-
ernment upon our Government, and therefore
the reference proposed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is not appropriate and I cannot
yield for his motion.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I would
inquire of the gentleman from Massachusetts
if this man or his family has not received all
the bounties that were allowed to persons en-
listing in our service, and also if the widow of
this man is not now receiving a pension from
the Government?
Mr. BANKS. The report states that this
man received seventy-five dollars of bounty,
and his widow receives a pension of eight dol-
lars a month.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would ask the gentle-
mart if the widow of this man is not now re-
ceiving the same pension which she would
have received if she and her husband had
been citizens of the United States?
Mr. BANKS. If there had been no wrong
committed by the Government of the United
States this widow would stand exactly as the
widows of other soldiers stand.
Mr. SCOFIELD.' She now gets the same
pension as the widows of United States citi-
zens get.
Mr. BANKS. She receives a pension of
eight dollars a month.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to lay the bill
upon the table. I do not see why a Canadian
lady should receive more than an American
lady receives under similar circumstances.
The question was put; and the House re-
fused to lay the bill on the table—ayes 40,
noes 58.
Mr. BANKS. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BANKS. I move the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed — yeas 56,
nays 42.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the' vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NOTT AND COMPANY.
Mr. RAYMOND, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported a bill for the relief
of Nott _& Co.; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill directs the envoy extraordinary and
minister plenipotentiary of the United States
to China or the chief diplomatic agent of the
United States in China to examine the claim
of Nott & Co., American merchants doing
business in China, against the Chinese Gov-
ernment, for a loss of coin sustained by them
in 1857 by the capture and robbery of a vessel
called the Neva, and also directs that if, in
his opinion, the claim ought to be paid, it
shall be paid with the same rate of interest
allowed on other claims from the time of the
loss, out of any funds received from the Chinese
Government under the treaty of 1858 for tho
payment of losses sustained by American citi-
zens, and that the amount shall be paid to
Nott & Co., or to the surviving copartner or
copartners, or to any person duly authorized
to be their agent or attorney. The bill fur-
ther provides that the decision of the Ameri-
can minister in China as to the right of the
claimants to be paid, as to the amount to be
paid, and as to the parties entitled to receive
the same shall be final and conclusive.
Mr. WRIGHT. I object to the considera-
tion of the bill unless it is in order.
Mr. RAYMOND. I will state that the bill
contains no appropriation. The claim is to
be paid out of a fund provided by the Chinese
Government for the payment of such losses.
I will state the circumstances under which
this claim arises and that led the committee to
report this bill. The house of Nott & Co. is
an American house trading in China. In the
year 1857, during the war between China and
England, they shipped at Hong Kong one hun-
dred and twenty thousand Mexican dollars in
coin on board an English vessel bound for the
town of Fou Chow. The vessel was under the
command of European officers. She left Hong
Kong and anchored five miles below that city
