212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
The first business of this Congress should
be to seek and find a remedy for this grievous
and growing wrong. The abortive and ill-eon-
eeiveil subterfuges thus far applied by the ex-
ecutive branch of the Government have but
aggravated the evil, and already brought this
question into almost interminable complica-
tions. The pretended Governments attempted
to be established there, are but ashamand not
worthy to be dignified by the term. The most
practicable and effective plan for its solution
now presented is, in my judgment,.that con-
templated by this joint resolution—the institu-
tion by this Congress of a vigorous system .of
government for that country, which shall en-
force obedience to the law ana respect for the
rights of others; which shall be able to -create
a degree of loyalty to,the Government, if not
in this generation, then in the next. Let it be
understood as a foregone conclusion, that the
just and righteous principles of the pending
constitutional amendment must be acceded to
in some legal, responsible form, by convention
or otherwise, before they can ever again enjoy
the privileges and prerogatives of citizens .of
the United States.,
Whether that plan shall conform to the one
now maintained for the- ga^ternment of the
Territories, or whether it shall combine the
territorial with the State organization, is pro-
posed to be made in part the duty of this joint
committee to determine and report. The
xn&in thing to be accomplished is the success-
ful government of the turbulent elements and
the protection of society in that country against
that confusion and anarchy to which, under its
present misgovernment, it is rapidly hastening.
If we would not see repeated at our own door,
and within our own borders, the supremacy of
violence, and that absence of law and order
which has characterized the history of neigh-
boring nations, we must act promptly and de
cisively. We have within the body-politic a
stupendous moral and political evil, which can
be removed only by the application of the
most vigorous measures of cure, those meas-
ures to be continued in effective, practical
operation until that people shall consent to be
governed, in common with ourselves, by a
Constitution broad enough to embrace within
its protecting folds the humblest of God's
creatures, who confesses to it allegiance and
support. It is my own deliberate and settled
conviction that a thorough, complete readjust-
ment of the machinery of government of those
States, entirely in harmony with the General
Government in all its parts, can never be se-
cured until the ballot shall have been placed
in the hands of every loyal man in those com-
munities, whatever may have been his previous
condition, or what his color.
I take the broad ground that suffrage is a
natural right, one which inheres in every hu-
man being, not to be restricted except for in-
competency or the commission of crime—
circumstances which render that restriction
imperative for the preservation and well-being
of society and of government. It is upon this
principle that all forms of republican govern-
ment and law are based, and without which
those forms would bo tyranny and oppression,
in that they would deny the right of the indi-
vidual to participation in the formation of laws
for his protection and for his government.
Where does any man, any class, or any race,
procure the exclusive authority to_ make laws
for his fellow or his neighbor? Vv here all are
contending for equal political right, who is to
decide in which party or race that right shall
rest? I am aware that the custom of the world
has been for the stronger to arrogate to itself
the right to govern and make laws for tho
weaker. In our own day it has ever been so,
and the further back wo go in the history of
our race, the more marked and prominent be-
comes that custom, tho more conspicuously and
hatefully is that old idea illustrated, that cer-
tain races were born to rule; that ceriain
classes in those dominant races were still more
elevated in tho-scaleaud fitted forgovernment;
and to carry the logic to a legitimate conclu-
sion, there were in those superior classes cer- I
tainfamiliesand individuals peculiarly endowed !
with the capacity for the government of their
neighbors—a peculiarity which came to consti-
tute in the ignorance and superstition of that
day a sort of divine right to rule and lord it
over their fellows from generation to genera-
tion.
Sir, if that species of logic was good then,
it is good now, and our forefathers made a
fearful mistake when they established this Gov-
ernment of the people, and introduced the sad
innovation of declaring that all men were in-
vested by nature with equal inalienable politi-
cal rights, and were entitled to an equal voice
in the selection of their rulers.
Now, sir, if this theory proves anything it
proves too much, unless its advocates are will-
ing to go back to the political systems of the
early ages of mankind, which vested in the
patriarch.of the clan th? sole sovereignty, de-
scending from father to son. To thatdoes the
principle inevitably tend. There is no escape.
If one race is endowed by nature with political
prerogatives over another, then the same must
of necessity be true of classes, families, and indi-
viduals ; and we find ourselves reverting backto
the mostabsolute forms of monarchy. So that,
admitting for the sake of the argument, the gen-
eral inferiority of the negro as a race, the de-
duction therefrom that he is incapable and not
entitled to exercise the right of suffrage, the
principal argument used by the opponents of
all measures for his enfranchisement and ele-
vation to political equality, by proving too
much, proves nothing. The proposition to
invest the negro with the right of suffrage has
been denounced on this floor as monstrous.
Sir, another proposition has also been advo-
cated on this floor equally monstrous—the con-
tinued exclusion of a race from the enjoyment
of the rights of manhood because they have
from time immemorial been deprived of them.
It is simply a proposition to perpetuate a wrong
upon a whole race because, forsooth, that race
has borne it so long that they are not deemed
worthy of redress. What can be more mon-
strous than this ?
Again, sir, we are accused of insincerity in
our profession of a desire to deal justly and
generously with this despised race; and gen-
tlemen-claim for themselves credit for the per-
formance of acts of kindness toward these peo-
ple, which those who are demanding for them
concessions of political right would not deign
to perform.
Sir, what is kindness? Is it simply the doling
out of a few crumbs, or perchance a pleasant
word, to one whose manhood or womanhood
we are daily and hourly gi inding out of them
under tho iron heel of oppression? Or is it a
confession and fosteriug of that manhood, and
a concession of those God-given rights which
it carries, the right to live, the right to work,
the right to be "peers in the Commonwealth,
tho right to own ourselves and be ourselves?
That, sir, is kindness, that is justice, and it is
not strange that those who are most nearly-
interested should be quick to perceive it.
For one, sir, I confess that I do. not share
the fear expressed by some gentlemen, of the
effect of precipitating a mass of ignorance, as
it is styled, upon the ballot-box. The black
man's aspiration for liberty has always been as
fervent and enduring as the white man's, not-
withstanding the lamentable feet that he was
totally unable to decipher the printed word
whicli spelled it. He has ever been an enthu-
siastic lover and devoted follower of our beau-
tiful flag, although totally unable to read or
comprehend the cabalistic device inscribed
thereon. He has always known enough of
astronomy even, to comprehend the fact that
the north star pointed to liberty, although he
and his fathers were prohibited, by most sol-
emn legal enactment, and under fearful pains
and penalties, from learning it from books. _
Where will you draw a line of demarkation
which shall rule out such men as these? Shall
tho fact that a man is able to make a scratch
with a pen and call it his written name, or read
his A, B, C, alone entitle him to the almost
sacred right of suffrage ? By no means. There
is a test infinitely above these by which they
should be judged—a test established- by God
himself when He set his seal upon his finished
work and saw that it was good. That test is
manhood, and by no other can we safely abridge
that right which was an outgrowth and has
become a characteristic of this western world.
That test, thank God, has been established here
at the fountain head of the Government, and
I have an abiding faith that it will be eventually
copied and imitated by all the branches, and
this country made in truth what it has been in
theory—the home of liberty.
These are laid down simply as the bases of
correct republican government, to be ultimately
provided for in the reorganization of these
States, though it is not my purpose to insist
upon them as a condition-precedent to their
readmission. We have proffered to those
States specific terms of readmission in the pro-
posed amendment. We have virtually said to
them that their claim for representation in
these Halls shall be granted upon the accept-
ance of that amendment, necessarily, of course,
in the nature of our Government and in view
of constitutional provision, with the right to
criticise and determine the qualifications of
individuals who are thus returned by them for
admission. I regard the proposal of this
amendment as in the nature of a compact by
which at least this Congress is virtually pledged
to so admit them upon the fulfillment of tho
terms proposed, and that to do otherwise
would be an act of bad faith which could not
but be disastrous in the operation of the prece-
dent which would thus bo established. Espe-
cially in view of the fact, that a portion of that
people, as in the State of Tennessee, have
accepted the terms and returned to their alle-
giance, would it be unjust to vary those terms
to others who are even now laboring for their
acceptance in their own States, and with
whom the proposed amendment is being daily
strengthened and its ultimate ratification be-
coming more certain.
In a limited sense we are treating with them
as with a foreign nation; we offer them terms
of readjustment; we have had with them a
war which, though it practically destroyed their
former governments and relations with the
Federal LTnion, yet demonstrated their inabil-
ity to discard their allegiance to this or perma-
nently establish other governments in its stead.
The question now recurs, their governments
having been destroyed by a war which has left
in existence but little of the material of .which
they were originally composed, having inca-
pacitated themselves by treason from partici-
pating in any form of loyal government until
authorized to do so by the removal of that dis-
ability bvCongress. and having relinquished the
right to "maintain any other by the implied and
universally understood terms of a general sur-
render—who shall reorganize those Govern-
ments, and by what power can they bo \ested
with the authority so to do? Manitestlv that
authority must be delegated to whatever loyal
persons may be found there who have survived
the chaotic condition which has passed over
them, together with such others, if any, the
Congress niav deem it safe and proper to
reinvest with that franchise.
This theory cannot be justly made obnoxious
to the charge of destroying' those governments
and seeking to replace them with others, as so
far as practical operation and eiiicieucy are
concerned, no matter what theory may obtain,
tiiey were already destroyed, and by the hostile
act "of those people themselves. The law- mak-
ing power of the country not having reorgan-
ized them or instituted others, the conclusion
becomes inevitable that there is now no legit-
imate local government in those late States.
Under this stateof facts the duty of the Con-
gress, in my judgment, becomes clear and pa! fa-
ble. The Constitution imperatively requires us
to guaranty to every State a republican form oi
government. The dictates of humanity require
that individuals and society shall he protected
