1866.
mm .gongkession al globe.
ms
in the enjoyment of rights incident t,o, manhood
an d associated co mmunities,- while the integrity
of the Government demands that its power shall
be asserted through forms competent for the
protection of the loyal citizenin the -exercise
of his political rights, s
In my judgment these ends'can be reached
in no way so effectually as. by reinvesting the
power of the State in the haads of those who, be
they few or many, hayebeen its faithful friends
in the- day of its extremity, and guarantying to
them the support of the military power of the
nation, if thqA should be necessary, for their
m^iptenanee, and the administration of impar-
tial justice throughout the limits of those dis-
tricts.
It is' not sufficient to_ say that Congress is
unmaking States by the institution of this pro-
cess,, for-they first unmade themselves. They
first subverted or destroyed the forms which
■had been originally given them, the perma-
nency of which had been guarantied by the
.Constitution, and assumed to set- up in their
stead a spurious government in contravention
of that guarantee. That spurious government
assumed to make war upon the General Gov-
ernment, and was in its;turn destroyed; all its
functions, all its powers, all its rights—if that
that term were admissible—having been sur-
rendered unconditionally at the close of that
war.
Now, what is an unconditional surrender?
Manifestly a yielding of all pretensions, forced
though it be, which were in dispute and which
had produced the state of war. When an
army is vanquished and its members surrender
themselves as unconditional prisoners of war.
they manifestly surrender-t-heir cause as well
as their persons, the^ right to resume the same
.to accrue only at the voluntary consent of the
.victor. So it is to-day alt over the South.
Those ten late States are simply ten camps of
paroled prisoners of war, every man of them
who voluntarily pronounced allegiance to the
confederate government being liable to be ar-
rested and shot by a drum-head court martial
upon the first manifestation of turbulence or
insurbordination. How can such a people or-
ganize or reorganize a political government?
Manifestly only by the consent of the conqueror.
There is obviously no power but in the general
Congress for their resuscitation.
Another most potent reason why the action
I now propose should be taken, and that with-
out delay, is that the youth of that country are
growing up under the baleful influence of the
political dogmas which inspired and sustained
the rebellion, unchecked by that wholesome,
restrictive legislationforwhichloyal men every-
where are now looking anxiously to this body.
It is our bouuden duty to throw around that ris-
ing generation the better influences of loyalty,
to teach them the necessity of obedience to"
law, by punishing disobedience and enforcing
order and respect to the authority and rights
of the Government and society. It is to those
who are now coming upon the stage that we
must look for the permanent maintenance of
peace and the ultimate restoration and reor-
ganization of the social and political systems
of that region.
The great bulk of those who have been en-
gaged in the effort to overthrow the Govern-
ment can never be expected to enter with any
genuine heartiness into this work. The virus
of treason has been too long rankling in the
body-politic; has too thoroughly permeated
the social system and characterized the habits
of thought of that people to admit of any future
dependence upon them for any cooperation in
the great labor of reconstruction which the
history of the past five years has imposed upon
us. With them the question is not-one of con-
ciliation. It is simply one of government;
whether they shall be permitted longer to in-
sult. the Government for which their fathers
and ours passed through untold horrors to
establish; whether they shall be permitted
longer to defy its just and equal laws; whether
they shall continue with impunity to harass and
oppress those to whom the law of God and of
the land vouchsafe the right to live and traffic
among them. -
In those who are so soon to step upon the
stage of political life and in their turn to
assume the privileges and prerogatives of citi-
zenship, we have a plastic element which, by
wise and just, yet decisive legislation, w.e may
mold into firm and faithful adherents of the
Government, out of which may be evolved a
powerful and consistent loyalty that will birid
together the extremes of this country with an
indissoluble bond. This is one of the para-
mount objects of legislation on this-subject. It
should be ours. We are not making laws for
tokday, nor for this generation simply, but for
air time to come. The influence of a right
determination of this now long-mooted and
distracting question of reconstruction cannot
hut be felt to the late&t'day of the Republic.
Let us keep steadily in view that magnificent
future which, the concurrent data of the past
warrants us in anticipating, and legislate for
that as well as for the present Let us secure
a firm reunion of this Republic, now stepping
upon that elevated political dais assigned to
the front rank of nations, by the institution of
measures which shall irrevocably establish
justice and equality of political right between
all its citizens. In no other way can we hope
to secure this beneficent result. The meas-
ures to that end now pending before the
cotintry in the proposed constitutional amend-
ment promise all that is asked or hoped for.
In the language of the bronzed and scarred
veterans who fought out the late war to its so
successful termination, language spoken by one
of the mightiest gatherings of freemen ever
witnessed upon this continent, that amend-
ment is wise, prudent, and just:
" It clearly defines Americancitiienship and guar-
anties all his rights to every citizen.
" It places on a just and equal basis the right of
representation, making the vote of amanin one State
equally potent with tlio vote of another man in any
State.
" It righteously excludes from places of honor and
trusttheehiof conspirators and guiltiest rebels, whose
perjured crimes have drenched the land in fraternal
blood. >
"It puts into the very frame of our Government
the inviolability of thcnational debt, and tne nullity
forever of all obligations contracted in support of tho
rebellion."
But in their blindness and the madness of
their folly, a portion of this people have refused
the terms of restoration thus fairly, even gen-
erously offered, and persist in those practices
which in the late war made our country a re-
proach to the humanity of the age. In the
insanity of their treason they have contempt-
uously spurned the proposition, and thrust it
ignominiously from the doors of their legisla-
tive assemblies. It is too just and equitable
a proposal to find favor in the eyes of this gen-
eration of traitors. It breaks down the bar-
riers which successive ages of class legislation
have established between men. It humbles
that gilded and guilty aristocracy which for two
hundred years has preyed upon tho rights and
lived upon the labor of those it had succeeded
in despoiling of their manhood.- That amend-
ment lifts a race from that condition of abject
serfdom in which the end of the war found
them, and invests them with tho common rights
of man. Yetitisspurnedandjeered, and those
who now essay to wield the destinies of one
third of the Republic will haVo none of it._ They
vainly and foolishly throw themselves in the
way of the pacification of the country, and
would retard its progress to its high and inevi-
table destiny, heedless of tho misfortunes of
those who f\re blind to the logic of events, and
resist the decrees of fate.
What then? Shall we regard the impotent
ravings of madmen and recede from the work
so well begun and so vehemently approved by
the country? Undo the labor of a year, and
abandon a cause which is watered by the tears
and carried to the throne of the Most High
upon the prayers of good men everywhere?
By no means. The Divine curse rests upon
him who puts his hand to the plow and looks
back. We are enjoined by every consideration
of justice, of mercy, and of wise and prudent
statesmanship, not to retrace our steps, not to
yield the vantage ground thus far attained in
the scheme of reconstruction and national prog-
ress, but to press forward and to seal with fur-
ther discreet and opportune legislation, -that
triumph which time will speedily unfold to our
view.
It is useless for that people to demur against
this proposed amendment, that it disfranchises
those who have taken prominent paH in the
war of the rebellion, and guaranties the faith-
ful payment of the debt created for their subju-
gation. This action is but a repetition of the
history of all unsuccessful rebellions. Not ts
thus protect ourselves, our institutions, and
our credit, would-justly subject us to thecriti-
cisms which have been so lavishly made upon
our form of government by the statesmen of
other nations, of instability and of containing
within itself the germ and moving cause of its
own-dissolution. Not to do it would but sow
the seeds of another and perhaps more potent
rebellion in future years. * ;
But we must stand by that amendment. It
has triumphantly passed the ordeal of public
criticism, and is practically established as a
feature of our fundamental law. Let us be
admonished by the spontaneous outburst of
popular feeling in its favor. Not only the
people proper, but that grand army of the Re-
public, which carried the country through the
terrible fires of the rebellion, which left dead
upon the' field an eighth of its entire number,
sacrificed in the fury of battle- that the Re-
public might live, has resolved that no traitor
whose hands have been lifted in impious.and
fratricidal strife against his country, shall ever
again have it in his power to use the functions
of the Government for its destruction. We
want no more examples of public officials, who
but seek power that they may the more effect-
ually subserve the puiposes of treason and
repudiation.
We who have stood shoulder to shoulder in
the battle's red front, where the fires of carnage
lighted the souls of brave comrades to death
and immortality, will not now insult the cher-
ished names of the dead ; will not falsify the
issues upon which we have fought and con-
quered in this war; will not now blacken the
record of devotion to our country and to liberty
which has been signalized upon a thousand
battle-fields by honoring treason and exalting
traitors. We have not forgotten our murdered
President—wc have not forgotten our martyred
comrades, starved in the loathsome pens of
Libby, of Andersonville, of Saulsbury, and of
Belle Isle. We have not forgotten those faith-
ful spirits who piloted our escaped prisoners
through dreary nights of wandering in south-
ern,swamps and forests, who fed and secreted
them from their blood-hound pursuers, and
then paid the penalty with their lives. We
have not forgotten those unconquerable south-
ern loyalists who braved persecution and death
to signalize their love for the old flag and their
faith in the ultimate triumph of the cause which
it symbolized. We have with us the widowed
and orphaned ones of this war. We have with
us an army of scarred and maimed heroes,
who are condemned, but wrecks of their former
selves, to walk the earth in sadness and in
sorrow all their after lives. We remember that
"it was by this great affliction that the coun-
try was saved—that they unflinchingly stood
in the breach between the Eepublic and her
foes, and we will be true to them. No diabolical
rebel scheme of repudiation shall ever deprive
them of the just and grateful tribute which our
rescued country pays to these stricken ones.
In view of the distracted condition of that
country the most effective and speedy legis-
lation consistent with prudence is imperatively
demanded. Everywhere throughout the late
rebellious States loyal men are imploring with
outstretched hands for that protection which
only this Congress can give, through the opera-
tion of just and equal laws. Not alone to
the persistent, long-suffering loyalists of that
countrv. who through the night of horror
which"followed the attempted secession of
