1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1653
for the evening, and next day she got under
•way; a boat then came alongside containing
eight Chinamen, who asked to be taken as
passengers. There were no suspicious indi-
cations about them, and they were received by
the captain as passengers, bringing on board
the ordinary amount of luggage. At night,
•when the captain and mate had retired below,
and there were bat three men left on deck,
these eight passengers rose, secured the crew
under the hatches, and took command of the
vessel. The captain, on coming up the hatch-
way, was killed. The mate, who was armed
with a double-barreled rifle, succeeded in get-
ting into the rigging. The next morning they
came to anchor and proceeded to take the coin
on shore. While they were engaged in doing
that the mate came down from the rigging, j|
released the crew, drove the Chinamen over- ,
board, and regained possession of the vessel.
But it was found that $20,000 of the coin had
been lost, and of that $20,000 §10,000 be-
longed to the American firm of Nott & Co.
Now, what makes the Chinese Government
responsible for the loss is the fact that by
treaty with the United States they had agreed
that whenever a loss was sustained by piracy
and the robbery of an American vessel it
should be the duty of the Chinese officers at
the port nearest to the point where the loss
occurred to take measures to capture the rob-
bers and recover the stolen property. The
American consul at the nearest port made 1
application to the Chinese authorities for that i
purpose, but the Chinese authorities not only !
refused to order a pursuit of the robbers, but
refused to hold any intercourse with the Amer-
ican consul, inasmuch as he was a foreigner
and they were at war with a foreign nation,
(England,) and they treated all foreigners alike.
That fact establishes a claim on the part of
Nott & Co. on the Chinese Government, be- j
cause by the treaty or convention of 1858 the ]
Chinese Government assumed the payment of ;
such losses sustained by American citizens.
Instead of investigating these claims them- '
selves, they handed over $175,000 to our Gov-
ernment in full settlement of all these claims,
and the American Government undertook the
adjustment of each particular claim as it might
arise. A commission was appointed for that
purpose, composed of two American citizens,
and this claim was presented to and investi-
gated by them, but for some reason which has
not been stated it was rejected. It was pro-
vided by the same convention that an appeal
should be allowed from the decision of the com-
mission within a certain length of time. It hap-
pened that there was no representative of this
American firm in China during the time within
which such an appeal could be taken.
But when the representative arrived there
the American minister had gone to a distant
part of China, and did not return until long
after the time provided by the commission for
an appeal.
The representatives of this firm now ask that
they may be allowed to make the same appeal
which they would have made if their repre-
sentative had been there at the time, or if,
when he did arrive, the American minister
had been there ; and that the American minis-
ter be now authorized to hear the appeal pre-
cisely as he would have done had he been there
at the time the representative of this firm
arrived there.
The convention provides that in every case
an appeal may betaken from the decision of the
commissioner to the American minister, or the
chief of the American legation in China. The
only effect of this bill is to give these claimants
precisely the same rights they would have had
if the American minister had been on the spot
at the time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would ask the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Raymond] how
much of this fund is left?
Mr. RAYMOND. The claims that have
b,een paid amount to about a half million dol;
lars. There is now remaining in the hands of
the American custodian in China about two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars; and if
this claim should be paid, there will still be
left something over two hundred thousand dol-
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I would inquire
if it is proposed to allow interest on this claim?
Mr. KUYKENDALL. The claim is not
against this Government, but against a foreign
Government.
Mr. RAYMOND. I believe it is usual in
the case of claims against foreign Governments
+ allow
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. My impression
is that interest should not be allowed on such
claims.
Mr. RAYMOND. Our Government is not
to pay either the principal or the interest.
And if it has not been usual under the con-
vention of 1858 with China to pay interest on
such claims then I suppose no interest will be
allowed on this claim.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. As we are
establishing what may be regarded hereafter
as a precedent against our Government, al-
though it is now in favor of our own citizens,
I think we should exercise great caution.
Mr. RAYMOND. The gentleman is mis-
taken in supposing that we are establishing a
precedent. We are simply following the uni-
form precedent which, has been established
under this very convention.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Raymond] a single
question for information. The principal ob-
jection which I have to the passage of this bill
arises from the fact that it is stated therein
that the decision of the American minister
upon a claim made by an American citizen
against the Chinese Government shall be final
and conclusive. My question is this : can the
gentleman furnish a precedent for that mode
of determining the rights of parties ?
Mr. RAYMOND. In reply to the gentle-
man from New Jersey, [Mr. Wright,] I beg
leave to repeat what I have already stated, that
such is the provision of the convention of 1858
between our Government and China, that the
decision of the American minister upon appeal
from the commission shall be final and conclu-
sive. This bill merely conforms to the lan-
guage of the convention itself.
I now call the previous question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main Question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. RAYMOND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SALARY OF CONSUL AT HAMBURG.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported back House bill No. 1063,
to regulate and fix the salary of the consul at
Hamburg, with a recommendation that the
same do pass.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It provides that
the salary of the consul at Hamburg, from and
after the 1st day of June, 1867, shall be $3,000
per annum, the same as of consuls at Bremen
and Frankfort.
Mr. KASSON. I would inquire of my friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dawson] if that was
not provided for in the diplomatic appropria-
tion bill? My recollection is that we amended
the bill so as to accomplish the purpose of this
bill.
Mr. DAWSON. Not that I am aware of.
The diplomatic appropriation bill might .have
provided for a consul at Hamburg; but it did
not fix the rate of salary, as this bill does.
The SPEAKER. The recollection of the
Chair is that the word "Hamburg" was in-
serted in one of the schedules; but which
schedule the Chair does not call to mind now.
Mr. KASSON. I have no opposition to offer
to the proposition contained in this bill, for I
think it is right. I only thought that it had
been already provided for.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAWSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MEXICAN AFFAIRS.
The SPEAKER. Reports are still in order
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs. If
there are no further reports from that com-
mittee, reports from the Committee on the
Territories are now in order.
Mr. ANCONA. Are the Committee on For-
eign Affairs through with their reports? I
was out for a few moments during the pre-
sentation of their reports; but so far as I have
observed, no report has been submitted with
j reference to Mexican affairs. Various resolu-
! tions, bills, &c., relating to this subject have
: during this Congress been referred to that com-
mittee ; but so far as I am informed no report
upon any of those propositions has been pre-
sented. I merely desire to ask for information
whether any such report has been made or is
in contemplation.
Mr. BANKS. The committee does not in-
tend to make any report upon that subject at
this time.
LAWS OF DAKOTA TERRITORY.
Mr. HILL, from the Committee on the Terri-
tories reported back adversely a bill (H. R.
No. 736) to provide for the publication of the
laws of Dakota Territory ; which was laid on
the table.
ARIZONA AND NEW MEXICO.
Mr. COOPER, from the Committee on the
Territories, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 050)
to amend the organic acts of Arizona and New
Mexico, with a recommendation that it pass.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It provides in
the first section that after the next annual
sessions of the Legislative- Assemblies of the
Territories of Arizona and New Mexico the
sessions shall be biennial. Members of the
Council are to be elected for the term of four
years, and members of the House of Repre-
sentatives for the term of two years, and instead
of the compensation heretofore allowed are to
receive six dollars per day each during their
attendance at the sessions, and four dollars
for every twenty miles' travel in going to and
returning from the sessions, the 'distance to
be estimated according to the nearest traveled
route.
The second section provides that each House
shall have authority to elect, in addition to the
officers now allowed by law, an enrolling clerk,
who is to receive five dollars per day. The
chief clerk is to receive six dollars per day,
and the other officers elected by the Legisla-
ture five dollars per day.
The third section provides that the first elec-
tion for the first biennial Session af the Legis-
lature shall be at the time of holding the general
election for the Territory in the year 1868.
The fourth section provides that the seats
of government of the Territories of Arizona
and New Mexico, fixed by the Governors and
Legislative Assemblies, shall not at any time
be changed except by an act of the Assemblies
duly passed, and which shall be approved, after
due notice, at the first general election there-
after by a majority of the legal votes cast on
that question.
The fifth section provides that every bill
which shall have passed the Council and House
of Representatives, shall before it becomes a
law be presented to the Governor, who, if he
approve, shall sign it; but if not, he shall re-
turn it, with his objections, to that House in
which it originated, who shall enter the objec-
tions at length on their Journal, and proceed
to reconsider it. If after such reconsideration,
two thirds of that Honse shall agree to pass
