$78
THE: CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
the pay of the $1,200 clerk, who is,a male,
and exclude from the benefits of the act the
female who gets but $900,. or perhaps $600.
If the intention of the joint resolution is to
deny its benefits to the female clerks, I hope it
will be amended before it shall be enacted into
a law; and at the proper time I shall move
that agiendmeat if no other person does, so as
not to deny the female clerks in the Depart-
ments the,benefits of this resolution.
- Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not intend to op-
pose any such amendment to this joint resolu-
tion, but I will state the facts by which a ma-
jority of the committee, as I understand, were
influenced in directing me to report the amend-
ment in its present shape. This resolution
proceeds upon the assumption that the salaries
that were fixed pripr to 1864 are adequate
to compensate those who are now in the em-
ployment of the Government at the present
high prices. At that time these ladies received
$600 per annum; subsequently their salaries
were fixed at $720 per annum, and then at the
last session of Congress their salaries were
raised to $900 per annum. In addition to that
they have each received $100,of the balance of
the $225,000 which the Secretary of the Treas-
ury was authorized to distribute among those
clerks who received less than $1,200.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. Allow me to inquire
have all the lady clerks received that? ,
Mr. WILLIAMS. They have.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Both the $600 and the
$900 clerks ?
• Mr. WILLIAMS. There are no $600 ones.
There are no female clerks in the Treasury
Department at this time receiving $600. They
all receive $900.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to inquire if
they do not receive in the Quartermaster Gen-
eral's Department and some other Depart-
ments less than $900 ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is my impression.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We raised them all last
year in all the Departments to $900. There
were, I believe, six or eight in the Post Office
Department who were accidentally left out,
and this resolution will apply to them.
Mr. WILLIAMS. A11 the ladies, I think,
who are clerks in the Departments have been
paid $900; and I was about to say, in addition
to that, a portion of them in the Treasury
Department have received some share of the
$165,000 that was put in the hands of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury for distribution at the
last session of Congress. The idea that influ-
enced the decision of the committee, as I un-
derstand, was this: that the question as to how
much these ladies should receive had been be-
fore Congress and it had been determined, and
was last year determined, that they should
receive §900 per annum. The question of
their compensation was taken up and consid-
ered, and they were allowed $900 per annum;
but as to these other clerks, their salaries were
fixed many years ago, and they have not been
changed by subsequent legislation. It was said
that as the subject of the compensation of these
ladies had been considered by Congress at the
last session, and as it was then the judgment
of Congress that' $900 per annum was an ade-
quate compensation, this twenty per cent, ought
not to apply to them. I recognize the force
of the argument advanced by the Senator from
Illinois, that a lady in the Treasury Department
or any other Department who performs duties
that are equal in importance to those devolved
upon a clerk of the other sex should be entitled
to receive the same compensation. I know
of no particular reason why they should not
receive that compensation. I have simply
stated upon what idea, as I understood it, this
exclusion of these ladies proceeded, without
intending to oppose any amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit
me a word 
TEhURE OF OFFICE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of Saturday, which is the bill (S. No. 453) reg-
ulating the tenure of certain civil offices. This
bill is returned to the Senate from the House
of Representatives with an amendment, and
the question is on the motion of the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] that the Senate
concur in the amendment made in the bill by
the House of Representatives. ,
Mr. POLAND. This bill returned from the
House came in while the bankrupt bill was
under consideration on Saturday, and it seems
in some way it has obtained precedence. I
desire to inquire if when this bill is completed
the bankrupt bill will then be entitled to be
considered?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that there are several bills in the list
of special orders, the bankrupt bill among
them, and the oldest special order would be
entitled to priority. The Chair is not advised
at this moment which, in the special orders, is
the oldest special order. The Chair will state,
in reply to the suggestion of the Senator, that
this bill when it came from the House was laid
before the Senate by the Chair to expedite
business by the unanimous consent of the'
Senate, the Chair supposing that it would be
very soon disposed of.
Mr. POLAND. I have no desire to antag-*
onize the bankrupt bill in the order of business
with the bill that is now before the Senate ;
but I desire to have it understood that I shall
ask to have the bankrupt bill proceeded with
immediately upon the disposal of this bill,
whether I am entitled to it as a matter of right
or not.
Mr. HOWE. I inquire if "this bill has pre-
cedence of the bill in the charge of the Sen-
ator from Vermont?'
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks it has, it being the unfinished business
of Saturday, being the business in hand at the
time of the adjournment. Under the rule that
is the unfinished business after the expiration
of the morning hour.
Mr. HOWE. How was the other bill dis-
placed ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was dis-
placed by the common consent of the Senate,
and this bill was taken up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It being a proposition
for a committee of conference, it was not sup-
posed that it would take any time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think it is fair
that the bankrupt bill should be displaced by
the accidental fact that the question on the
amendment of the House to this bill led to
discussion, and thus crowded it for the rest of
the session on Saturday. If it is in order, I
move to lay aside the unfinished business and
proceed to the consideration of the bankrupt
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope my friend from
Ohio will not insist on that motion. The bill
now under consideration has gone through a
discussion in this body and in the House of
Representatives, and has come back with one
single amendment, which has been under dis-
cussion before. Now, the simple question is,
it having been debated, whether we shall agree
in that amendment, or whether we shall not.
It is a bill which it is quite desirable, if it is to
pass at all, should pass early, for reasons that it
,is unnecessary to mention. Therefore, I hope
the Senate will be willing to proceed now with
it. We shall gain time by so doing on the
whole, because it is now fresh before us and
we can soon dispose of it. I am not disposed
to occupy time. A single vote on it will then
leave us free to proceed with something else.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit my motion, not
with any desire to interfere with the order of
business, but simply because I do not think it
is exactly fair, when a bill comes from the
House with an amendment and by common
consent the question is about to be put to the
Senate, to allow a long debate to intervene on
that motion, thus crowding aside the pending
business. It is rather contrary to the usual
eustorij, because the action of the Senate on a
House amendment is usually taken as a matter
of course and rapidly disposed of, either re-
ferred, agreed to, or rejected. Certainly the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Poland,] in agree-
ing to waive his right to the floor, did not
expect or did not intend to allow a long dis-
cussion to intervene on another subject post-
poning his bill. I think it is a matter of justice
and fairness to the bankrupt bill that it should
be disposed of one way or the other. I do not
think the pending question should be pressed
unless the Senate by commdn consent would
appoint a committee of conference, which they
can do by disagreeing to the House amendment,
and that may expedite'the action of the Senate
on the bill; and if that can be done without
further debate I think it will expedite the pas-
sage of the bill itself.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is precisely what I
desired the Senate to do when the bill came
back to us, but that was opposed by my friend
from* Illinois, on the ground that he wished to
have a direct vote on the main question of con'
currence. That having led to a little debate,
I think it is right, as it is now suggested, to ask
the Senate to dispose of it. It will only take
but a short time, and then we can go on again
with the bankrupt bill. There are peculiar
reasons attending the passage of this bill which
I think make it right that I should insist upon
thaU; although I entirely agree with the Sen-
ator from Ohio, that in an ordinary and usual
case it would be my duty to yield and not dis-
place the pending business by the accidental
circumstance of a debate having arisen. As
it is, I hope the Senate will finish this bill.
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senate would allow
this bill to go over. I agree with the Senator
from Ohio that, in justice to the bankrupt bill
and those having charge of it, it ought to go
over, and I should like it as a matter of per-
sonal convenience. I should like to say some-
thing upon the question on agreeing with the
House of Representatives in the amendment,
and I would rather not say it to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the
Senate ready for the question on the motion
of the Senator from Ohio ?
Mr. POMEROY. What is the motion?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That the
Senate postpone the present and all prior 9r-
ders and proceed to the consideration of the
bankrupt bill.
- Mr. EDMUNDS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Dixon. Doolittle,
Foster, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, Mc-
Dougall, Morgan, Nesmith, Norton, Patterson, Po-
land, Pomeroy, Ramsey. Ross, Saulsbury, Sherman,
Sumner, Van Winkle, Willey, and Yates—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Conness, Cra-
gin, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fogg, Grimes, Howard,
ICirkwood, Lane, Morrill, Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—16.
ABSENT—Messrs^Anthony. Cattell, Cowan, Cres-
well, Fowler, FrclinfPuysen, Guthrie, Johnson, Nye,
Riddle, Sprague, and Stewart—12.
So the motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr.-WADE. I rise to give notice that I
shall endeavor to call up to-morrow the joint
resolution proposing an amendment to the
Constitution limiting the presidential term. I
do not suppose it will take very long, and I aoi
very anxious to dispose of it. I wish it to be
understood, therefore, that I shall try and get it
up then.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to give notice that
as soon as the bankrupt bill is disposed of I
shall ask the Senate to take up the amendment
of the House, which has just been laid over.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represenia-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill of the Senate
(S. No. 433) for the relief of E. J. Curley.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolutions, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 284) for the relief of
George M. Fay and Nahum Fay;
