214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
their States bravely kept the faith, but to our-
selves and to the world, do we owe the duty of
suppressing the reign of violence inaugurated
by the war and fostered by the machinations
of demagogues. The humanity of the enlight-
ened and progressive age in which we live,
demands at our hands that the massacres of
Memphis and New Orleans shall not be re-
peated ; that the sacred regard of human life
and human right which characterizes this age
of all others shall again be restored there;
that the downtrodden poor, who for two cen-
turies have borne in meekness and humility
the lash of the taskmaster, shall be reinvested
with their manhood and protected by the
strong arm of the Government in the enjoy-
ment of those rights which the contempora-
neous verdict of all other nations has given
them, and which ours can no longer withhold
with safety to our political or social fabric.
It is to this end that I offer the joint reso-
lution now submitted, and I move its reference
to the joint committee on reconstruction.
TJie motion was agreed to.
LAND OFFICE REPORT FOB. DISTBIBUTION."
Mr. STEWART. I am instructed by the
Committee on Public Lands to report the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed of the report of
th o Commission er of the General Land Office, with the
in the French language, five thousand copies in the
Swedish language, and five thousand copies in the
English language, for distribution in foreign coun-
tries; and five thousand copies for the use of the
Senate; and the Secretary of State is requested to
cause the distribution of the aforesaid twenty thou-
sand copies through the .Commissioner of the Paris
Exposition, or such other persons as in his discretion
he may deem proper.
The cost of this printing with the large con-
nected map will be $27,297 25, according to
the estimate of the Superintendent of Public
Printing. That estimate includes the printing
of twenty-five thousand copies, five thousand
for distribution in this country, and twenty
thousand for distribution in foreign conntries
with the large map. The large map includes
all that is in the other maps and excludes a
variety of maps that accompany the report.
Tie large map will be sufficient for all pur-
poses. The translation is to be done in the
Interior Department, where there are several
clerks competent to that duty, and of course
that will involve no expense except the em-
ployment of their time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands the Senator from Nevada to ask
for the present consideration of the resolution
now reported by him from the Committee on
Public Lands. It requires unanimous con-
sent to consider it at this time. Is there any
objection?
Mr. WILSON. It is evident that it will lead
to debate, and I hope it will not be pressed as
another question is to come up very soon.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose the probability
is that the expense will be $100,000 instead of
$27,000.
Mr. WILSON. The proposition will evi-
dently load to debate.
Mr. STEWART. If the resolution is to be
fassed at all, it ought to be passed before the
olidavs.
Mr. WILSON. You had better not hurry it. *
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the consideration of the reso-
lution at this time?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes sir, I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution must lie over under the rules.
NAVY REGISTER.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing:
Betolved, That one thousand extra copies of the
Navy Register of the United States for tho year 1S6T
be printed for,the use of tho Senate.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 484) to secure the speedy construction of
the Union Pacific railroad, southern branch,
and telegraph line, and to secure to the Gov-
ernment the use of the same for postal, mili-
tary, and other purposes; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 153) authorizing the
President of the United States to prevent the
infliction of corporeal punishment in the States
lately in rebellion.
Mr. GRIMES called for the reading of the
resolution at length ; and it was read.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is that offered for con-
sideration now"?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; for the purpose of
reference.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I have no objectien
to its introduction.
The joint resolution was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed an
enrolled bill (S. No. 62) to amend an act
entitled "An act granting lands to the State
of Oregon to aid in the construction of a mili-
tary road from Eugene City to the eastern
boundary of said Stateand it was thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 222) prohibiting payments by any
officer of the Government, to any person not
known to have been opposed to the rebellion
and in favor of its suppression.
The message further announced, that the
House had passed the joint resolution (S. B.
No. 123) in relation to the settlement of the
accounts of William P. Wingate, collector at
the port of Bangor, Maine.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following House bill and joint resolution
were severally read twice by their titles, and
referred as indicated below :
A bill (H. R. No. 553) to amend section two i
of an act entitled "An act to authorize the
Legislatures of the States of Illinois and Ten-
nessee to sell the lands heretofore appropri-
ated for the use of schools in those States''-—
to the Committee on Public Lands.
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 222) prohibit-
ing payments by any officer of the Government
to any person not known to have been opposed
to the rebellion and in favor of its suppression—
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
UNITED STATES TROOPS IN MISSOURI.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour
has arrived for the consideration of the unfin-
ished business of yesterday.
Mr. HENDERSON. With the permission
of the Senator from Ohio, who has charge of
that business, I desire to state that, I have just
received a dispatch from the Governor of my
State which makes it necessary, in my opinion,
to offer a resolution of inquiry. I submit this
resolution:
Rcmlved, That the Presidentbc requested to inform
the Senate whether since thel>t day of December,
18t>6, he has caused troops in the service of the United
States to bo marched to tho inteiior of the State of
Missouri, for any purposo whatever; and if so. that
he communicate the reasons for such orders and also
whether such action lias been taken on tho appliea-
eation of the Legislature or tho Executive of said
State.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of the resolution.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have just received
a dispatch from the Governor of the State, in
the following words:
Jekfeksox City, Missouri, December 19,1866.
General Grant has sent United States troops to
Lexington. I have protested against their presence
there unless asked for by me. I will not submit to
the interfoi'cnec with n matter of exclusive State
jurisdiction. I ask Congress, if he docs hot, remove
them, to require him to do so. Correspondence by
mail to Henderson.
THOMAS C. FIETCHER. .
Governor of Missouri.
To Senators Heudebsos and Brown of Missouri, and
Eepresmtat iomBlow, Kelso, McClcko.Y an Hokn,
IjOax, Bjekjajiis, and Anderson.
Mr. President, I know nothing, of course,
in regard to the matters npon which the dis-
patch is predicated. The Constitution requires
that the President shall interfere upon the re-
quest of the Legislature, or, if the Legislature
be not in session, on the request of the Exec-
utive of the State, in order to suppress domes-
tic violence. I suppose that the object of send-
ing the troops there is merely to enforce obedi-
ence to the laws of the State. I understand
that the State Executive feels himself perfectly
capable of doing so, perfectly able to enforce
obedience to the laws. The people of the
State take it upon themselves so to do, and
do not ask the interference of Federal troops.
I desire merely to get the facts, because I do
not know from the dispatch the Governor
sends me what the facts are, and it is better
that the President communicate them"; and
until he does communicate them, or until I
receive a letter from the Governor, I am ut-
terly unable to explain the reasons for his
action. Of course there will be no objection
to asking for the information.
Mr. DAYIS. I am no advocate for the en-
largement of executive power, nor am I an
advocate for the enlargement of congressional
power. I want these branches of the Govern-
ment to be restricted by the Constitution and
to know no call except that which the Consti-
tution makes. Now, if I understand the com-
munication of the Governor of Missouri, which
has been read by my honorable friend, he sim-
ply states the fact to be that the General-in-
Chief of the United States ordered some Gov-
ernment- troops to be stationed at Lexington,
and that he requested their removal and the
President had not removed them.
Mr. HENDERSON. It was to suppress
domestic violence.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not so understand the
communication of the Governor.
Mr. HENDERSON. The newspapers so
state.
Mr. DAVIS. I am not speaking of the news-
papers : I am speaking of the communication
officially sent by the Governor of Missouri to
her Senators. Does the Governor of Missouri
intend to controvert the position that the Pres-
ident of the United States has the perfect and
the undeniable constitutional power to locate
the troops of the United States in any State he
may choose, and in any locality in any State?
Is there any plainer principle of constitutional
law than that? Was it ever thought of being
controverted before? Are the times becoming
so out of joint, so frenzied, so utterly mad, sis
to deny propositions so unquestionably true as
that?
Mr. President, it is not my purpose to in-
terfere in any way to prevent the object which
the honorable Senator from Missouri has in
view. I merely state my understanding of the
law that regulates the case as presented by the
Governor of the State of Missouri. I have noth-
ing more to say.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, I of
course cannot take up the time of the Senate
now. because I have asked this only as a favor
of the Senator from Ohio, who has charge of
the business regularly before the Senate. The
Governor, I may state, cannot be expected to
state all the faets connected with this matter
in a telegraphic dispatch. He states that he
has written to me. I do not know the circum-
stances, nor has the Governor undertaken to
communicate them to me. I suppose that this
was not the case of a mere order that the
troops should go to the city of Lexington,
there to be stationed ; and my friend is mis-
taken when he supposes that to be the purpose
of the order. I find outside of this dispatch, ■
in the newspapers, that they have been sent
there for the purpose of suppressing domestic
