1866.
TME CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
violence, that they have been ordered there
for the purpose of enforcing obedience to the
laws of the State, and that the1 Governor has
protested against their interference.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman just allow
me to make a suggestion?
. Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly. _
Mr. DAVIS. The communication of the
Governor of Missouri to my honorable friend,
is not that the President, had ordered those
troops there, but that General Grant had sent
them there.
Mi-. HENDERSON. I suppose :
Mr. DAVIS.. That is the power which has
made the order, but of course the General
would act in subordination to the President.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose that there
is no objection to the resolution, and I desire
that it be passed.
The resolution was agreed to.
ADMISSION OF NEBRASKA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
456) for the admission of the State of Nebraska
into the Union.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is on the motion of the Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] to postpone
the further consideration of the bill to the 7th
of January and make it the special order for
that day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, when I
was interrupted last evening by the motion to
adjourn I was about to read from the act of
Congress of the 30th of May, 1854, to show
the position that the Congress of the United
States, under the influences which then con-
trolled it, assumed in respect to this Territory
and in respect to the sister Territory of Kan-
sas. I was about to read from it also to show,
in reply to the observations of my friend from
Kansas who addressed us last evening, [Mr.
Pomeroy,] that if there be anything in this
notion of estoppel upon the legislative power
of the country, when we go back to the found-
ation of the thing we find that we should be
now estopped from refusing admittance to this
Territory into the State representation of the
nation if she presented herself, as happily she
does not, with a constitution which authorized
involuntary servitude and perpetual slavery.
That act declares:
"That when admitted as a State or States, the said
Territory orany portion of thesame shall be received
into the Union with or without slavery as their con-
stitution may prescribe at the time oftheir admission."
Another section of the act provides, "that
the true intent and meaning of this act is to
leave to the people of the Territories" the
exclusive right and privilege of regulating their
own domestic affairs in their own way. It is a
complete delegation of the power, which the very
passage of the act itself implied to have resided
in Congress before that time, to the people of
the Territory to set up institutions, which should
be in opposition to what we all now agree is the
proper political status of a Territory, or not, as
they pleased, and Congress committed itself if
it had the power to do so, committed us if it
had tho power to do so without question, with-
out objoction, to receive this Territory into the
galaxy of States with slavery if she chose to
have it. For one, I wish to repudiate once for
all the ideathat the Congress of 1854 or of 1864
or of any other year had any rightful authority
whatever to forestall the action which we here
and now think it fit to take respecting the polit-
ical condition of the people of any Territory or
any section of the country over whom by the
Constitution we are authorized to exercise con-
trol. It is a doctrine which would carry us, as
Englishmen are fond of saying, to grief very
rapidly indeed.
When in 1864 what is called the enabling
act was passed, Congress did not feel itself
bound by the political opinions of ten years
before that time; it did not find itself com-
mitted then to any faith which would preclude
it from imposing such further conditions and
restrictions as it might think desirable for the
welfare, not only of the people of this Terri-
tory, but of the whole nation, and* therefore it
provided that the seventy-eight thousand miles
of territory which composed the Territory of
Nebraska might be admitted as a State, the
language of the act being that "the inhabit-
ants of that portion of the Territory" within
the"described limits "are hereby authorized"
to set up a State government—
" Provided, That the constitution when formed
shall be republican and not repugnant to the Con-
stitution of the United States and the principles of
the Declaration of Independence: And provided
further, That said constitution shall provide by an
article forever irrevocable"—
And I beg the learned Senators who believe
,in the power of the States to repudiate their
constitutional compacts the moment they get
in, or to repudiate the conditions upon which
we-may choose to admit them, to observe it—
" By an article forever irrevocable without the con-
sent of the Congress of the United States:
1. That slavery or involuntary servitude shall be
forever prohibited in this State.
2. That perfect toleration of religious sentiment
shall be secured, and no inhabitant of said State
shall ever be molested in person or property on ac-
count of his or her mode of religious worship.
3. That the people inhabiting said Territory do
agree and declare that they forever disclaim all right
and title to the unappropriated public lands," &c.
It makes no provision as to the class or color
or race of persons who shall be authorized to
set up that Territory into a State, and who shall
then be entitled, having complied with these
conditions, to present themselves to us that
their claims for admission may be considered.
There is, therefore, it appears to me, no
plainer proposition than that now, when the
constitution is presented to us, we are, without
any estoppel or committal orother qualification,
left free to exercise our judgment ajid discretion
which the Constitution has reposed in us upon
the question whether, under the circumstances
as they now exist, in the light of the history
that since then has passed over the country, it
is fit and right that this Territory ought to be
admitted as a State with the constitution which
she brings to us; because, as I have said, in
the nature of things there can be no binding
estoppel upon the legislative power of the coun-
try at any time, and because it is manifest to
me that the act of 1864 which authorized the
creation of a State from this Territory commits
us to no principle whatever upon the subject
of the right of suffrage, the right of representa-
tion, the method upon which the State should
organize its government, except upon the gen-
eral declaration of principles which should be
the %uidc to that people in forming a constitu-
tion. Hence, if we find in that constitution
anything respecting, the establishment of its
courts; the trial by jury—a right held in most
civilized countries, deriving their ancestry from
Anglo-Saxon sources, at least, to be sacred—-if
we find in it anything which does not commend
itself to our sound sense of what is just and
right, is it to be said that by any implied estop-
pel our mouths are to be closed and we must
aecept that now which otherwise we would not
have done?
I think, then, sir, that it is clear that we
must meet this case upon tho reality, if it be
a reality, of the question which is presented,
and that we cannot shelter ourselves, however
much we might wish to do it, behind the thin
disguise that we have committed ourselves
to this false step which we are asked to take.
We must meet the question as it is._ Now,
what is the question? Tho question is, first,
whether we have the power under the Consti-
tution of the United States to dictate the terms
and conditions and qualifications under which
Territories shall be created into new States
and admitted to an equal participation in the
active operations of the Government. If we
are a mere machine, obliged to act whenever
a Territory presents itself and in whatever form
it presents itself, as the Douglas doctrine
up'on which this Territory was first organized
seems to declare, then of course there is no
room for debate: we are exercising, then,
merely executive and not legislative functions,
and we- have no opportunity for the exercise-
of any discretion whatever. If, on the con-
trary, the grant of power which the Constitu-
tion gives to Congress to admit new States
into the national councils is one which implies
judgment and discretion, implies that sense
of responsibility which ought to operate in all
legislative affairs, then most clearly it is- our
duty to scan to the uttermost letter the cout
stitution of any new-formed State which is
presented to us. The Constitution of the Uni-
ted States upon the subject of our power over
the admission of new States reads as follows:
"New States may be admitted by the Congress into
this Union; but no new State shall be formedor
erected within the jurisdiction of any other State,
nor any State be formed by the junction of two or
more States or parts of States, without the consent
of the Legislatures of the States concerned as well as
of the Congress."
There is an unqualified grant of power in the
first instance; discretionary, depending upon
the will of the law-making power of the coun-
try for the admission of new States. Then
there are imposed upon it conditions and qual-
ifications respecting the carving of new States
out of old ones, and no other condition and no
other qualification whatever. Therefore I take
it to be plain and beyond contradiction that it
is within the clear constitutional power of Con-
gress to prescribe the terms and qualifications
and the time and the fitness upon which any
new State shall be created out of any of its
Territories. It is a right whieh cannot be
questioned at all; and it is a right which, inde-
pendent of the Constitution, flows logically and
necessarily from the supreme legislative domin-
ion which we have over the Territories of the
United States; Territories many of whom, this
very Territory indeed itself, were not within
the dominion of this Government when the
Constitution was formed, and which, there-
fore, the Constitution itself by its own vigor
never could have operated upon. We having
exclusive and complete jurisdiction over these
Territories, and having complete discretionary
power by the express letter of the Constitution
over the admission of States, is it to be said
that we must shut our eyes to what is contained
in the constitution of a Territory which is of-
fered to us for acceptance, and are we to be
told that this objection or that objection which
may be just in itself cannot be heard because
we are trampling upon the rights of any body
or set of men ? I take it not. There is no
inherent right in the people of any Territory
to be constituted into a State. Congress may
never organize a Territory at all; it may never
dispose of its public lands there; when organ-
ized it may keep it in the perpetual condition
of a Territory if it pleases; because all the
considerations which govern .such questions
are considerations which merely appeal to the
ordinary legislative discretion of the law-mak-
ing, power, and therefore every_ circumstance
and consideration %hich enters into the fitness
of the thing itself which is proposed to be done
is a matter that we have no right to set aside.
Then, Mr. President, if we have the power,
and it is our duty in the exercise of that dis-
cretionary power to exert it as we do all other
legislative power upon the principles of legis-
lative and political justice, the question is what
this constitution ought to contain to authorize
us to receive this new State into the family of
the nation. It would hardly seem that, on this
side of the Chamber, in reaching forward to
the discussion of a question of that kind, I
should be met with any objections from the
gentleman who so properly leads us on these
territorial measures, a man who has been all
his lifetime in the skirmish line and front bat-
tle rank of liberty and equal rights everywhere.
He can hardly, I think, rise in his place and
tell us that it is not right and fit that men, irre-
spective of race and color, should be entitled
in a republican and a free government to the
exercise of political rights. I mean innocent
men; 1 mean men who have forfeited no nat-
ural or social or political rights which they may
have been otherwise entitled to by treason or
