1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1656
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be read
a third time, and it was accordingly read the
third time.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I call the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a question of
order. Is this a report of the committee?
The SPEAKER. It is a Senate bill.
Mr. STEVENS. Did it come from the
Committee on the Territories in this House ?
The SPEAKER. It was taken from the
Speaker's table by unanimous consent.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to say that the
Legislature of Montana, having lapsed, it is
necessary to have some law there to authorize
the present Governor to make an apportion-
ment, in order that there may be a Legislature
legally elected. The court of the Territory
having pronounced invalid all the laws enacted
by the so-called Legislature which met last
year, it is very necessary that this bill pass.
One word as to the salaries. Gentlemen can
live in Dakota and Nebraska and the adjacent
Territories for almost, if not quite, one half
what they can live for in Idaho and Montana.
That is the reason we have made a distinction
between the Territories of Dakota and Mon-
tana.
Mr. FINCK. What salary does the Gov-
ernor of Idaho get?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Twenty-five hun-
dred dollars.
Mr. FINCK. Why not put the judges on
the same footing?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Governor Smith
asked me, within three days, to have the prop-
osition to increase his salary stricken out of
the bill. He said if the bill came from the
Senate with that proposition he would like to
have it stricken out, and the bill passed as now
reported.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Where does he expect
to get the balance of his living?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. It was his own
proposition. He has the balance in honor.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire of the
gentleman whether he thinks it is wise legis-
lation to start these new communities, neces-
sarily composed of people of small means,
emigrating from different parts of the country,
with this idea of high, not to say extravagant
salaries? Is it not better that in " the day of
small things" they should start just as the
people of his State and mine did, just as he
and I started in life ? It does seem to me that
the same principle is applicable to these Ter-
ritories.
Mr. SPALDING. I supposed the gentle-
man was going to move that the salaries be
reduced. I ask that the call of the yeas and
nays may go on.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. In reply to the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] I
will state that having been over that Territory
and spent five and a half months in it, and
having been at the head of the Committee on
the Territories for six years in this branch of
Congress, understand what the cost of living
is, and I say to him that no man can live in
Idaho or Montana on less than §5,000 a year.
Mr. SPALDING. I object to further de-
bate unless the gentleman modifies his propo-
sition.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Provisions are
brought a thousand miles over land. These"
are not agricultural Territories, such as my
State was, and such as Tennessee was. These
are mining communities.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. How is the Governor to
live?
Mr. ALLTSON. I object to further debate.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. My colleague from
the Cleveland district [Mr. Spalding] says that
he will withdraw his objection if I will permit
the amendment to be modified and make it
$3,500, which I will do; I am so anxious to
secure the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. "Is there any objection to
making it read "£3,500."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think if should be the
same as the salary of the Governor.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The Governor
does not ask it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no ob-
jection, and the modification is made. The
question is, Shall the bill pass as amended?
If there is no objection, the yeas and nays will
be considered as ordered upon the bill as
amended.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 105, nays 39, not voting
4G ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Anderson, Arnell,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Barker, Baxter,
Beaman,Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Boutwell,
Brandegee, Bromwell, Broomall, Buekland, Bundy,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Davis,
Dawes, Delano. Doming, Dixon, Dodge, Dumont,
Eggleston, Eliot,Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield,Grinnell,
(iriswold, Hale, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hawkins,
Hayes, Henderson, Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss,
j vc, ilvuuvi oi/U) iiin, ixui , Aiutv/uaiooi
Chester D. Hubbard, DemasIIubbard, John H. Hub-
bard, James R. Hubbell, Jenckes, Julian, Kelley,
Kelso, Ketcham.Koontz, George V.Lawrence, Long-
year, Lynch, Marvin, McClurg, McRuer, Mercur,
Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Moulton, Myers, Newell,
O'Neill, Paine, Perham, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy,
Price, John H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck,
Scoflekl, Shellabnrger, Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Ste-
vens, Stilwell, Stokes, Strouse, Thayer, John L.
Thomas, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, War-
ner, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Wentworth, Whaley, JamesF. Wilson, and
Woodbridge—105.
NAYS —Messrs. Ames, Ancona, Bergen, Boyer,
Campbell, Reader W. Clarke, Cooper, Dawson, Eld-
ridge, Farnsworth, Finck. Glossbr.enner, Aaron Hard-
ing, Hise, Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey, Kasson,
Kerr, Kuvkendall, William Lawrence, Le Blond,
Leftwich, Loan, Marshall, Maynard, Niblaek, Nich-
olson, Noell, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Shanklin, Sit-
greaves, Taber, Nelson Taylor,Trimble, Trowbridge,
Andrew II. Ward, and Winfield—39.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R.Ashley, Banks,
Benjamin, Chanler, Culver, Darling, Defrees, Deni-
son, Donnelly, Driggs. Eekley, Goodyear, Harris,
Higby, Hogan, Asahel W. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hun-
ter, Jngersoll, Jones, Laflin, Latham, Marston, Mc-
Cullough, Mclndoe, McKee, Morris, Orth, Patterson,
Phelrs, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, WilliamH. Ran-
dall, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, Rousseau, Na-
thaniel G. Taylor, Francis Thomas, Thornton-Rob-
ert T. Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and
Wright—46.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also move to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the amendment of the House to the
bill (S. No. 592) to provide for a temporary
increase of pay to the officers of the Army of
the United States, and for other purposes.
Also, that the Senate had passed a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 189) authorizing Gustavus
V, Fox, late Assistant Secretary of the Navy,
and the officers of the iron-clad Miantonomah
and gunboat Augusta to accept presents ten-
dered them by the Emperor of Russia, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested.
north missouri railroad company.
Mr. HOGAN, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, by unanimous consent, reported a
bill for the relief of the North Missouri Rail-
road Company, accompanied by a report;
which were ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted to the Committee of Ways and Means.
john sedgatick.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report from the Committee of Ways
and Means, for consideration at this time, a
bill authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to audit and settle the accounts of John Sedg-
wick, collector of internal revenue for the third
collection district of California.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I think there
is a general law providing for such cases.
Mr. MOORHEAD. This bill relates to what
occurred before that law was passed, and does
not therefore come within the operation of
that law.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I must object
to this bill.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Then I move that the
rules be suspended so that I may be able to
report the bill at this time.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 68, noes 28.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended.
The bill was then reported from the com-
mittee and read the first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It authorizes
the Secretary of the Treasury to audit and
settle the accounts of John Sedgwick, col-
lector of internal revenue for the third collec-
tion district of California, for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 18G4, as he may deem just and
equitable.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Instead of saying any-
thing myself, I will ask that the Clerk read a
letter from the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue, which I send to his desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
Office op Internal Revenue,
Washington, February 4,18(37.
Sir: In reply to yours of 22d January, that John
Sedgwick was originally appointed as collector of
internal revenue for the third collection district of
California July 30, 1862, bond approved December
23, 18(32, and appointment confirmed by the Senate
February 3,1863. The date of commencement of ser-
vice by him is entered on the records of this Depart-
ment as loth September, 1862, from which date he is
entitled to the pay and emoluments of the office.
For timo prior to 30th Juno, 1863, expenses of ad-
ministering his office were 84,622 12, which amount
has been allowed Mr. Sedgwick in addition to a per-
sonal salary at the rate of $2,500 per annum.
For the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1864, his com-
missions as allowed amounted to $6,423 77, and ex-
penses as shown by statement of the collector were
610,111 34, thus showing a loss of $3,687 57, allowing
nothing for his personal salary. For this time, under
the act of 3d March, 1863, section seventeen, the total
amount which can be allowed to any collector for sal-
ary and expenses is limited to $10,000; and to reach
this limit a special allowance of $3,576 23 was made
by the honorable Secretary under date of 23d Octo-
ber, 1866.
For subsequent' years there is no limit fixed by
law, and consequently we call for special legislation.
Very respectfully, E.A.ROLLINS,
Commissioner.
Samuel V. Niles, Esq., No. 262 I Street, Washing-
ton, V. C.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third timej and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORHEAD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
national capitol insurance company.
Mr. MERCUR, from a committee of con-
ference, made the following report:
The committee of conference appointed upon the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon House
bill xfo. 234, to incorporate the National Capitol In-
surance Company, having met, afterfull and free con-
ference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses, as follows;
That the Senate recede from theirfirst amendment,
with the following amendment: in line nine, page 1,
after the word "elsewhere" insert "subject to the
laws of the several States."
That the Senate recede from their second amend-
ment, with the following amendment: in line four-
teen, page 1, afterthe word "elsewhere" insert "sub-
ject to the laws of tho States as aforesaid."
That the Senate recede from their third amend-
ment, and that the whole of section nine, as amended,
be stricken from the bill.
That the Senate recede from their fourth amend-
ment, with thefollowing amendments: in line twenty-
seven, page 6, strike out the word "twenty" and
insert " one hundred and fifty;" after the word " dol-
lars" in line one, page 7, insert "in shares of fifty
dollars each;" in line two of same page strike out
the word "twenty" and insert "one hundred and
fifty;" strike out all of the tenth section after the word
"insurances," in line three, page 7.
That the House concur in the fifth amendment of
the Senate, with the following amendments: in line
four of said amendment strike out the word * Jan-
uary '^and insert in lieu thereof the word Febru-
ary;" after the word "Interior" in line six of said
amendment insert as follows: "a detailed report of
