186T.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
979
A bill (H. R. No. 1094) for the relief of Mrs.
Emma A. Porch;
A bill (H. R. No. 1095) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay certain drafts
to W. W. Potter;
A bill (H. E. No. 1096) for the relief of J.
& 0. P. Cobb & Co.:
A bill (H. R. No. 1097) for the relief of
Victor Mylens, first lieutenant sixty-eighth
New York volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 1099) providing for the
election of a congressional printer;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 174) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to audit and
pay the claim of John R. Beckley; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 259) of thanks
of Congress to Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Sec-
retary of War, M. C. Meigs, Quartermaster
General, and Brevet Lieutenant Colonel James
M. Moore, assistant quartermaster.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker had signed the enrolled bill (S. No.
433) for the relief of E. J. Curley, and the
enrolled joint resolution (S. R. No. 94) provid-
ing for the payment of certain Kentucky militia
forces; and they were thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore of the Senate.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following hills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on Claims:
A bill (II. R. No. 284) for the relief of
George M. Fay and Nahum Fay;
A bill (H. R. No. 1094) for the relief of
Mrs. Emma A. Porch ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1095) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay certain drafts
tf> W W "Potter*
A bill' {H. R.'No. 1090) for the relief of
J. and O. P. Cobb k Co.;
A bill (H. R. No. 1097) for the relief of
Victor Mylens, first lieutenant sixty-eighth
New York volunteers; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 174) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury to audit and
pay the claim of John R. Beckley.
The bill _(H. R. No. 1099) for the election of
a congressional printer, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 259) of
thanks of Congress to Hon. Edwin M. Stanton,
Secretary of War, Major General M. C. Meigs,
Quartermaster General, and Brevet Lieutenant
Colonel James M. Moore, assistant quarter-
master, was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
BANKRUPT BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. li.
No. 598) to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States.
The Secretary resumed the reading of the
amendments reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The next amendment was in section thirty,
line three, after "bankrupt," to insert the
words " on his own applicationso as to
read :
That no person who shall have been discharged
under this act, and shall afterward become bank-
rupt, on his own application shall again be entitled
to a discharge whose estate is insufficient to pay sev-
enty per cent, of the debts proved against it, unless
the assent in writing of three fourths in value of bis
creditors who have proved their claims is filed at or
before the time of application for discharge, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out of
lines eight and nine of section thirty the words
" no discharge shall be granted to a debtor a
third time bankrupt."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion thirty-one after the enacting clause, in
these words:
That any creditor opposing the discharge of any
bankrupt may, upon filing a specification in yrriting
of the grounds of his opposition, demand that the
question of the bankrupt's right to a discharge to bo
tried by a jury, and the same shall be so tried at
a stated session of the district court, unless it be
satisfactorily, showh to tho court that it would be
unjust to the bankrupt to subject him to the expense
and delay of such trial, in which case it shall be the
duty of tho court to refuse such trial. But only one
such trial shall be had; and if the jury disagree the
eourtshall decide upon the application as if no jury
had been called; and the verdict of the jury or the
decision of the court shall bo final, so lar as tho pro-
ceedings in bankruptcy aro concerned.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
That any creditor opposing the discharge of any
bankrupt may filo a spccifioation in writing of tho
grounds of his opposition, and the court may in ife
discretion order any question of fact so presented to
be tried at a stated session of tho district couit.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines three and
four of section thirty-three, to strike out the
words "executor, administrator, guardian,
trustee, assignee, or factor;" and in line four
to strike out the word "other" before "fidu-
ciary," so as to make the section read:
That no debt creatod by the fraud or embezzle-
ment of the bankrupt, or by his defalcation as a
public officer, or while acting in any fiduciary char-
acter, shall be discharged under this act; but tho
debt may bo proved, and the dividend thereon shall
be a payment on account of said debt; and no dis-
charge granted under this act shall releaso, dis-
charge, or affcct any person liablo for tho saino debt
for or with tho bankrupt, cither as partner, joint
contractor, indorser, surety, or otherwise.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho next amendment was to strike out all
of section thirty-three after the word " other-
wise" in line ten, as follows:
And in all proceedings in bankruptcy commenced
after one year fiom tho time this act shall go into
operation, no discharge shall bo granted to a debtor
whose assets do not pay fifty per cent, of tho claims
against his estate, unless tho assent in writing of a
majority'in number and value of his creditors who
have proved their claims is filed in the caso at or bo-
fore tho timo of application for discharge.
Mr. WILSON. Before the question is taken
on striking out that whole clause, I move to
amend it in the eleventh and twelfth lines by
striking out the words "commenced after one
year from the time this act shall go into opera-
tion."
Mr. POLAND. If the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts should be adopted,
and the amendment that is proposed by the
Judiciary Committee as to the residue of this
clause should not be adopted, it would make
a very material change in this bill. The result
would be that in no case whatever would a
bankrupt be entitled to be discharged if his
estate did not pay fifty cents on the dollar,
unless the creditors assented to the discharge.
I do not wish to enter into any discussion on
the subject, but to slate what the effect of this
proposition will be. I do not think the Senate
are prepared to make such an important limi-
tation upon this subject, as would be the effect
if this amendment were adopted and the resi-
due of the clause were not stricken out. If
the amendment of the Judiciary Committee is
agreed to, it is immaterial what becomes of
this amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, for that strikes out the whole clause.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Vermont
has stated the precise effect of the amendment
if adopted. That is just what I intended to do
by the amendment should it be adopted. This
bill is modeled on the bill of my State, probably
the most perfect bankrupt bill in the country,
and that bill requires the payment of fifty cents
on the dollar or the assent of a majority in num-
ber and amount of the creditors before the bank-
rupt can be discharged. I think the experi-
ence of twenty-five or thirty years shows that
that law operates well, and that there is very
little difficulty in a bankrupt getting discharged
under it in a proper case. If it extended over
the whole country I think we should_ have an
excellent system. While this bill, if it shall
pass, will relieve a great many excellent men
who ought to be relieved and w>hom I shall be
glad to see relieved, we shall have a great deal
of dishonesty enacted under it, and there will
be a great deal of fault found and complaints
made, as there were at the time we passed the
bankrupt bill in 1841 or 1842. I think if we
pass this billwith the amendment I propose
all persons in the country who ought to be
discharged will find no great difficulty in mak-
ing settlements with their creditors. I do not
know what others will do; I 3imply want to vote
for it myself. I believe it to be sound policy.
Mr. HARRIS. The proposition of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is a very ingenious
mode of entirely defeating this measure. No
honest man could get a discharge under this
law if the amendment should prevail. How
is it? An honest man devotes his property s\>
far as -it will go toward the payment of his
debts in the first place. Ho then finds a bal-
ance of indebtedness which he has no means
of paying. The proposition of the Senator
from Massachusetts is, that in addition to th'e
devotion of his property to the payment of his
debts he shall pay fifty per cent, of the bal-
ance of the debts, when probably he has not a
dollar to devote to that purpose. No honest
man can get a discharge under tho law if the
proposition of the Senator from Massachu-
setts prevails ; it defeats the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that after
twenty-five years'experience in an agricultural,
mechanical, and commercial State, where there
is a great deal of indebtedness, we find that
the system works admirably, and honest men
experience no great difficulty under it. I do
not know what the Senate intends to d<*; but
I shall vote that way myself. I have great
doubts about the propriety of passing this bill,
especially at this time, and with the limitations
we have got upon it. I see very plainly that a
man may be a man of fortune and yet not be
compelled to pay his debts. I expect it will
be so construed that the stay laws which have
recently been passed in some States to enable
men to retain their property, so that their cred-
itors can obtain nothing from them will be in-
eluded under this bill, and their creditors may
whistle for their claims.
Mr. POLAND. ' 1 suppose there will be a
great many dishonest men in the world whether
this bankrupt law is passed or not. There are
a groat many men in the world who evade the
payment of their debts now. I know no reason
why we may not have as ample and as sharp
machinery in a bankrupt law to compel dis-
honest debtors to disgorge as in any other law.
The provisions of this bill are exceedingly sharp
in relation to the means furnished for ascertain-
ing the truth in that respect; and if my friend,
the Senator from Massachusetts, can devise any-
thing more stringent, anything that will be more
available, he is perfectly welcome to have it
put into the bill. It is drawn with very great
care in that respect. If my friend has any lears
in relation to the stay laws of the southern
States 1 shall be perfectly willing for one to
vote for an express amendment that shall pre-
vent their being included.
In relation to what the Senator says as to the
exemption that lias been made, that a man
may have the benefit of thi3 law and still be a
wealthy man, have a large amount of property,
I will only remark that tho provisions of this
bill do not allow any debtor to retain any greater
amount of property or any different property
from what, by the laws of the several States, he
is now entitled to retain. It exempts nothing
from the reach of the creditors except what is
exempt now by law. We have not increased
the amount of exemption at all, or allowed a
debtor to retain anything against his creditors
except what is now protected by law from his
creditors under any process of the law now
known.
Mr. WILSON. I wish the Senator from
Vermont had given us his deliberate opinion
whether those stay laws will be under this bill
protected. I should be very glad to hear his
opinion upon that point.
Mr. POLAND. I am very willing to give
my opinion to the Senator. I think those stay
laws are unconstitutional and void, and that
nothing in this bill covers them or protects
them or makes them valid.
Mr. WILSON. Well, if the bill is to pass,
