THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
.and I suppose it i$ from indications about us,
we shall see w&at will be the result. I have
always heen in favor of a bankrupt law well
guarded, taking care ,of the creditor and the
debtor alike, doing justice to both, although I
have thought that until matters jvere settled
and the,creditors liad an Qpportunity to col-
lect something of the millions of indebtedness
4ue them from the rebel regions of the coun-
try, it would not be wise to pass such a bill.
J had hop.ed tliat before this time sortfe prog-
jess would have been made in the settlement
,pf these vast claims from that section of the
country. , Instead of that, however, they have
been recently passing stay laws and exemp-
tion laws.
It seems to me that we ought to have in this
bill something that shall set aside those laws,
Something by which persons may not roll in
wealth themselves while their creditors are
starving, for I know to-day many a man who
js toiling and supporting his family by wages,
while others have his earnings for years in their
pockets and are living in idleness.
Now, sir, I do not wish to legislate either for
the debtor or the creditor in this matter. I
wish all honest debtors to pay over what prop-
erty they have got and get their discharge; but
under this bill, as it now stands, men may
©wn in several of the .States a largCfarpount of
property, and yet hold it in suqh a way that
poor iaboring men, men who have labored for
them for wages, men who a,re struggling to
obtain a livelihood, cannot get fro.m them what
is honestly their due. If this bill was only to
operate in the future I would not care any-
thing about the exemptions, for, believing as I
do sincerely, after much reflection upon the
subject, that nine tenths of the credits in this
country are injurious and demoralizing to the
people of the country, I should be perfectly
willing that every person who credits another
phould rely entirely upon the integrity and
personal character of the person to whom he
gives the credit. But it is not so ; there are
tens of thousands of men in the country who
in the past have been embarrassed.
We all >vant to relieve thefn. I should be
glad to see every honest man among them re-
lieved, and I should also be glad to see those
who have property covered, hid away, or pro-
tected by any exemption laws give up that
property and pay their debts, except a reason-
Able amount to be retained by their families.
I shall vote for the amendment, because I
believe one of the oldest, if not the oldest and
,]t>est bankrupt law in the United States, from
which this bankrupt bill has been drawn sub-
stantially, has that provision in it, and there
it works well, and our experience justifies us, I
.think, in putting it into this bill.
Mr. STEWART. The adoption of this
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, of course, is the end of the bill. There
will be no bankrupt bill if you now provide
.that no debtor shall be a discharged bankrupt
unless his assets are sufficient to pay fifty pgr
cent, of the claims against his estate. And
now I should like to Say a word in regard to
one remark made by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts in support of this amendment. He
.says that it is objectionable to pass this bill at
.this time, because there is a large amount of
indebtedness due by persons in the South, pay-
Jnent of which has been postponed in conse-
quence of the_ rebellion, which will be lost to
northern _ creditors if this bill be passed. I
think he is entirely mistaken as to the practical
operation of this bill so far as that matter is
concerned.
In the first place, the theory of a bankrupt
bill is, that when a man is hopelessly insolvent
it is better for the creditor that he should be
discharged, so that he need not send good
money after bad, and it is better for the com-
munity that the debtor should be discharged, so
that he may be of use to the community. If a
pan, whether in the South or in the North, is
hopelessly insolvent, I would not wish to tax
the creditor by putting him to the expense of
attempting to collect anything.
A word further in respect to the operation
of this bill in the South. (Jentlemen com-
plain of stay laws, and I admit they are oner-
ous and wrong. This bill sweeps out of exist-
ence the stay laws. If a southern" debtor .has
property and is willing to avail himself of stay
laws or of the prejudices of the community
which would prevent a fair verdict by a jury in
a suit for the recovery of a northern debt, this
bill enables the creditor to force him into bank-
ruptcy, to compel a distribution of his assets,
and this through the process of the United
States courts, whereas the State courts there
as now organized are very poor machinery for
the collection of debts.
Then I say that where the debtor is hope-
lessly insolvent it is better for the northern
creditor that he should know it, and the less
money he sends after what is lost the better;
and where the debtor is not insolvent, but
wishes to shield behind stay laws or to avail
himself of a prejudice that exists in the com-
munity, so as to affect juries or interrupt the
due administration of justice, this bill enables
the creditors to go into the United States courts
and coerce the creditor into bankruptcy and
have a fair distribution of the a,ssets. So far
as the northern debtor is concerned it is much
better that he should have a settlement. This
bill enables him to get a settlement in any
event. If he can get nothing he knows it; if
there is anything to be distributed it enables
him to reach the debtor who is attempting to
evade payment. Really it is some relief to the
northern creditor.
Then, throughout the North values have
changed so rapidly in the last six years, men's
property has fluctuated to such an extent, that
there is a large number of persons who are
insolvent, with large indebtedness hanging over
them, which is merely the result of the fluctu-
ation in prices, and which no human foresight
could have guarded against. It is highly im-
portant that they should be relieved. The
community demands their services in the av-
enues of business. If there ever was a time
when a bankrupt bill was appropriate it seems
to me now is the time.
Furthermore, we should have such a law on
onr statute-book as a regular system for all
time. All civilized nations recognize the im-
portance of this. A bankrupt bill holds np a
moral standard for traders that does not exist
independently of it. If a trader commits an
act of fraud, an act of bankruptcy, he can be
driven into bankruptcy, although he may have a
large surplus above what is sufficient to pay his
debts. Such a law fixes a standard of moral-
ity which is higher than is recognized by the
insolvent laws of the different States. It is a
compulsory as well as a voluntary system of
bankruptcy. Most of the States have their
insolvent laws, but they are not as good for
the general creditor throughout the United
States as this bankrupt law would be. The
insolvent laws in most of the southern States
enable a debtor to much more easily prevent
his property being fairly distributed among his
creditors than this bill. You cannot wipe out
the insolvent laws that exist in the South. The
States all over the Union have insolvent laws,
and under those laws there is no possibility of
a creditor non-resident in the State getting a
portion of the proceeds when there is a distri-
bution. That was the evil aimed at by the
framers of the Constitution when they gave
Congress power to pass a uniform bankrupt
law, as the debates show, because the States
were passing bankrupt and insolvent laws that
gave a preference to resident over non-resident
creditors. There was an evil in that respect, >
and that was the very evil intended to be re-
moved by giving this power to Congress. The
evil still exists, however.
I say, then, this bill, as a measure in favor
of creditors, and of northern creditors if you
please, is of some advantage to them. It gives
them a remedy which they do not now have,
and takes away from them no right which they
now have. Anything that can be done to avoid
the payment of a debt can be much more read-
ily done tinder the State insolvent laws that
exist throughout the South.
I hop.e the bill will become a law; but if
this amendment prevails it is the end of the
bill. ■
Mr. WILSON. Why does the Senator say
that it is the end of the bill? I should like to
know why he.makes that particular remark.
I do not so understand it. We can pass the
bill afterward, and the bill will be effective. I
do not see anything that justifies the Senator
in making 'that declaration. If he means to
say that some persons cannot be cleared of
their debts, relieved of .their obligations, if we
pass the bill in this form, it is a fair declara-
tion ; but the bill, in my judgment, is a much
better bill with the amendment than it is with-
out it.
Mr. STEWART. I will explain why it is
the end of the bill. Here is one man who is
a rascal, who has committed all the acts of
bankruptcy that are possible, who has con:
cealed his property, and has defrauded his
creditors in ev^ry possible way. .Under the
amendment the creditors cannot drive that
man into bankruptcy unless they can show
that they can make fifty per cent, out of his
assets. If he has got his property hid so that
the assets available will not pay fifty per cent,
of his debts, the creditors cannot drive him
into bankruptcy. He will be able to say to
them, " Although I have committed innu-
merable frauds, although I,ought to be hung,
perhaps, for the frauds I have committed, still
I have not got property which can be got hold
of to divide fifty per cent, among my creditors,
and therefore you cannot force me into bank-
ruptcy." Is that right?
Mr. WILSON. This bill was drawn by an
eminent member of the House of Representa-
tives, and passed by the House of Representa-
tives, and they propose precisely the same
thing at the end of a year. I propose to begin
now and require the debtor to pay fifty cents
on the dollar, or obtain a majority in number
and amount of the creditors before he can be
discharged. There is no end to the bill by
adopting the amendment. The bill is just as
good a bill, and in my judgment a much better
and safer one for us to pass, with the amend-
ment than without it; and after we put it in
operation, if modifications be needed they can
be made. In my judgment, if this bill passes
as it stands you will find thousands of men
over this country who haye concealed prop-
erty, who have cheated creditors, rushing for-
ward first to obtain relief under it, as was'the
case under the old bankrupt law, and you will
find a great putcry against it.
Now, sir, I believe that if the well-settled
system existing in my State, and which has
existed there for a quarter of a century, con-
taining the provision which I have here moved,
which works admirably, and under which hardly
any man fails to obtain his discharge, is incor-
porated into this bill, its operation will be bet-
ter and more satisfactory, and will work out
greater results of justice than it will in this
manner. I shall therefore vote for the amend-
ment.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts the other day in debate enlightened
us as to the paternity of a bill which was then
under consideration. Now, I should like to
know of him whether or not he regards this as
a western measure.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir. I do jiot think it
is a measure that the agricultural, laboring,
and mechanical interests generally take a great
deal of concern in. It is a commercial bill. I
believe a good bankrupt bill ought always to
exist. I think that it was a great mistake that
the old bill, after it had done all the evil it
could do, was not properly amended according
to the experience of the country and then con-
tinued in force. If that had been done we
should now have a good bankrupt bill in the
country._ We ought to have such a bill, and l
move this amendment for that purpose. This
I know is a qomroercial measure, a measure
for protecting the m;e.n of.the country
