216
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20;
any other crime; but innocent, honest citizens
of the country, without respect to race Or color,
are certainly, the honorable Senator must ad-
mit, entitled, as a matter of justice as well as a
matter of policy and purity, to be represented,
to have a voice in the selection of their repre-
sentatives, and to be among those who consent i
to the laws which are to affect their life, their '
liberty, and their pursuit of happiness.
Why, sir, the notion that Government is
instituted for a seleet few who are to be dis-
covered by their descent as kings are, or by
their learning as the priests used to be, or by
their property as aristocratical Governments
generally are, ought to have been exploded in
the-light of recent events in this country. There
can be no solid foundation upon which demo-
cratic government—I do not mean to use the
term " republican " because that seems to ex-
eite the opposition of the other side of the
Chamber as to the definition of the term—there
can be no solid foundation upon which demo-
cratic government, if we have any faith in it,
can rest except that the people, irrespective of
what their racc is, irrespective of the accidental
conditions of birth or fortune or learning, must
consent to the laws and have a voice in the
selection of the agents who are to make and
execute the laws under which they are to live.
I believe that every writer upon the theory
of democratic government, upon the abstract,
theory of all just government, agrees that any
arbitrary distinction, any arbitrary test., even
of intelligence, has no place in the foundation
of the exercise of those rights which relate to
the selection of the persons who are to admin-
ister the government for the benefit of all; be-
cause the man who is ignorant has precisely
the same right to protection, he has precisely
the same right to every species of protection
that the law gives to his neighbor who is intel-
ligent, he has the same right to choose among
his intelligent neighbors as any other man
which of them shall make laws for him. The
absurdity of undertaking to set up these tests
is the more manifest from the fact that so far
as the world has at present progressed we can-
not fail to see that if any special test of intel-
ligence or of property or any other arbitrary
rule were laid down, the larger part of man-
kind would have no voiee in government.
There are many communities in which intel-
ligence has reached a very small point of ad-
vancement. Is it to be said that those com-
munities must necessarily and theoretically be
governed by some despot or king; and if so,
how is he to be selected? By his superior
strength or by his age or by his color? No,
Mr. President: there is and there can be no
just dispute, when we consider this subject in
the light of the democratic equality which we
all profess to believe in, that the right to select
your rulers, the right to have a voice in choos-
ing those who are to make your laws, 1511st
necessarily reside in every^erson in the com-
munity over whom those laws are to operate,
so long as that person entitles himself by obe-
dience to the law, by making 110 war upon his
neighbor, by committing no crime, to have a
voice in the administration of affairs.
I do not mean by this to undertake to make
any argument against the propriety of learn-
ing. That is not the point. The more we
have of it, the better we shall be off. But I j
do undertake to say that to make learning or j
color or property or race a test in a demo- j
cratic country of the right to choose its rulers, |
is to sap the foundation of the very principle ;
of the democracy upon which you act. In this j
body, by a very large majority, we have agreed ;
to this proposition, and discarding every test 1
save citizenship and loyalty we have declared |
that distinctions of race and color or of learn- j
ing have no place in the democratic theory of j
this Government; and we expect to be obliged, :
gratefully obliged it may turn out, to carry this ,
principle wherever the Constitution permits us 1
to carry it, into more sections of this country !
than it has yet been carried by far. :
Following upon that action of ours in this !
district, the people of this Territory, over which
Congress has the same control, for which it has
made laws and set up institutions, and from
which it may take them to-day lawfully and
constitutionally if it pleases, come to us with a
constitution which has this inherent and radi-
cal distinction. Wherefore is it there?
Mr. WADE, If the Senator will allow me,
I wish to ask him a question. If this amend-
ment or any other amendment which may be
made here should be ingrafted on the consti-
tution which Nebraska has presented with her
application for admission, cannot the State
after her admission alter it at any time? Can
we make such a permanent regulation with
regard to suffrage here that will continue against
the will of the State after her admission?'
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very happy to an-
swer the question of my honorable friend.
Speaking for myself, I have not a particle of
doubt that we can. If we cannot, in "what con-
dition do we find ourselves? If we cannot ad-
mit States upon a condition, what becomes of
our condition on the subject of slavery? If we
have the power to provide that Kansas or Ne-
braska shall never set up slavery, have we not
the power to provide that she shall never set
up any other arbitrary or unjust or unequal
distinction among her citizens?
Mr. WADE. I never supposed we could
prevent a State settingjip slavery unless by an
alteration of the Constitution. Now, of course
she cannot do it, because the Constitution for-
bids it. Before that time I supposed that she
could.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not. Why, sir, we
have uniformly admitted States on conditions.
Every State that has been admitted, I think has
been admitted on some condition or other. We
have usually provided, it is true, that that con-
dition should be incorporated by an ordinance
irrevocable in their constitution, but so far as
it derives its validity from that constitution the
people have a right to change it at any time.
Therefore, when you go back to the root of the
matter, the binding obligation upon these new
States to adhere to the conditions which we
impose and which they agree to, grows out of
the paramount and supreme power of the will
of their creator, the Congress of the United
States, exercising its functions under the Con-
stitution of the United States, which declares
that its laws, independent of all State constitu-
tions and State laws, shall be the paramount
law of the land.
Now, Mr. President, to return to the point
to which I was speaking: wherefore is^this
distinction set up in the fundamental law which
the people of this Territory have brought here
and laid upon our desk? My honorable friend
from Ohio, imitating a distinguished citizen of
Massachusetts who is now dead, in believing
that the Declaration of Independence was only
a sounding and glittering generality, tells us
that this is only a mere technicality; it does not
amount to anything; there arc no colored men
there, and we are really ' • sticking in the bark
when we are endeavoring to ingraft upon this
constitution the perpetual and fundamental
condition that equality among men shall be
preserved there; that we are really impeding
the progress of republicanism by being over-
nice about such little, immaterial trifles as the
right of men of any particular race or color to
exercise the full political privileges of citizen-
ship to the exclusion of all others.
Mr. President, I do not regard it as-an im-
material trifle. If it was of consequence
enough to be matter of deliberate considera-
tion in the territorial convention of the people
of Nebraska, as I assuhie that it did, if it was
of consequence enough to go into the funda-
mental law as one of the cardinal principles
upon which that free government is to be insti-
tuted, then certainly it is no such mean thing
as not to deserve consideration and debate
from us; it is something more than si mere
technicality, in the language of the Senator
from Ohio; it is soniclhing more than the
sounding aud glittering generality that that
eminent citizen of Massachusetts to whom I
have alluded characterized as being the chief
quality of the Declaration of Independence;
and I am surprised indeed, sir, surprised be-
yond measure, and I feel regret that is even
greater than my surprise, to see the honorable
Senator from Ohio, whom we all love so well
to follow, leading us through this District
against all opposition for these same equal
rights, and then turning to the westward and
saying that after all it is nothing but a tech-
nicality, that men are standing 111 their own
light and in the light of their party if they
venture to lift their voices in favor of erasing
this offensive, unjust, and inhuman distinc-
tion!
There is everything, Mr. President, in just-
ice; and we shall learn when the empire of
tradition which has been tottering has at last
completely fallen, we shall learn in the new
light that we are coming to, that we shail never
have complete prosperity if we do not stick to
our principles through thick and thin. There
can be no temporary triumph^ there can be no
temporary necessity m the nature of things
possible which will justify a true man in de-
parting one hair from justice and truth.
There is something more, Mr. President.
While we all love justice and equal rights, and
we all love our party because we believe it
represents the active operation of that justice
and the essential propagation of those rights,
we must still remember that even the party
which we wish to carry forward and build up
for this purpose is not great enough and strong
enough to do wrong. We must remember that
we must not stand upon one principle in the
District of Columbia and upon exactly the op-
posite one in the Territory of Nebraska, because
although we are strong now, the free people
of this country will never believe ia a party
which is inconsistent with itself, and of whom
it might be justly said if we put this bill through
as it is: "Your pretense®in the District of
Columbia and in the southern States about the
equality of men is merely because it suits your
purpose to get in Republican Senators and
Representatives: but when it suits your pur-
pose to get in Republican Senators and Rep-
resentatives from Nebraska, then you believe
that there is no such thing as equal rights irre-
spective of race or color: it is only a techni-
cality, then, or a glittering generality."
Mr. President, as strong as we are, and justly
strong: as proud as we are and as conscious as
we are of our strength, we do not deserve to be
strong or proud or successful if we do not ad-
here to a great principle of justice and equality
which we practice upon here where we have
the power; if we do not adhere to it in Ne-
braska because it happens at the moment that
we are to gain a Representative or two or a
Senator or two by denying the principle there.
And as we have the power, in my judgment,
the clear and unquestioned power, in the ex-
ercise of our discretion, in admitting this Ter-
ritory to be a State, in creating it to impose
such conditions cardinal and perpetual as seem
lit to us. why not let us do it? Why not let us
say to the people of this T erriturj, :' We receive
you upon the condition that withiu your bor-
ders, notwithstanding your constitution or your
laws, you shall practically exercise equality and
justice toward every citizen within your lim-
its?" As I have said before, the power can-
not logically under the Constitution be denied.
There is 110 danger if it eoukl 111 trying the ex-
periment; the friends of this measure certainly,
if they believe it to be merely a bfi'fittnj'iilmeii,
are not injured by it, and will thus concede the
assertion of a principle upon the part of (he
Congress of the United States, which 1 trust
within the next five years will be carried to the
remotest corner of the land.
Mr. WADE. I had not intended, Mr. Pres-
ident. to say anything more on this subject;
nor shall 1 now detain the Senate longer than
will enable me to reply to some of the positions
which the Senator from Vermont has assumed,
placing me 1 think in a faloe position, or at
