1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
981
more than the agricultural and mechanical in-
terests.
Mr. JOHNSON. If I understated the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, it is that no party shall have the benefit
of the bankrupt act who is now actually bank-
rupt, unlfe'ss he shall be able' to show assets to
the amoun t of fifty cents oh the dollar upon his
whole indebtedness. The effect of that amend-
ment, as I think the honorable member' will
see when he reflects more maturely upon it,
would be to deprive of the benefit of this law
perhaps nearly half, if hot more, of those who
stand very much in need of this relief. Thfe
honorable member tells us that a provision of
the same kind is found in the insolvent laws of
Massachusetts. I suppose iii that he is right;
and as these laws have been' in force for many
years as far as relates to'dll who could bo bene-
fited by a discharge under those laws, he thinks
the amendment which he proposes would have
no deleterious operation. «But the honorable
member knows that the Supreme Court have
decided1, and that is considered now as the
settled doctrine on the subject, that the insol-
vent laws of the States have no operation to
free the citizens of those States from the obli-
gation to pay any debts which they may owe
to the citizens of other States. And the result'
is that even the people of Massachusetts who
may be unfortunately bankrupt, as well as the
people of the other States who are in that situa-
tion, are not now, and have not been since the
repeal of the last bankrupt act, able to free
themselves from the embarrassments of their
debts. In the absence of the bankrupt law,
therefore, those debtors who are honest (for
the law is intended only to apply to them) have
exhausted all their assets, and they could not
be relieved from their debts by surrendering
what they had at the moment they ascertained
they became bankrupt; there being no law in
force by which they could be relieved to that
extent," they have lived on hoping often against
hope until they are without anything.
And independent of that, the civil troubles
to which we have been subjected, and which
have more or less had an effect upon commer-
cial men, and upon all other men, have been
such as at once in many cases to sweep away
from them all their assets SO that they are hope-
lessly insolvent. Now, all that the House
proposed was to require a debtor to show as-
sets to the amount of fifly cents on the dollar
who may apply for the benefit of this statute
after the expiration of a certain period, I
think, and not from the passage of the act.
The object of that provision is very apparent.
If at the time of the passage of the act, when
he can be relieved, lie is in the possession of
assets which would go to discharge in whole
or in part his debts, although lie finds that
ho may not bo able to go 011 so as to save
anything for himself after discharging his
debts, and he refuses to apply until he has ex-
hausted all his assets, there may be some rea-
son in requiring of him the possession of as-
sets to the extent of fifty cents on the dollar,
or any other amount before he shall have the
benefit of this law ; but what is to become of
the almost innumerable number of men who
are now unable to pay their debts and unable to
show any assets? The honorable member can-
not, I am sure, fail to be aware that whatever
may be the condition of Massachusetts debtors
or Massachusetts men in the South, whatever
their condition was before the war commenced,
every thing has been swept away. I suppose
there is no debtor in the South who would be
able to show assets to the amount of fifty
cents on the dollar if ho was in debt any
amount. Those who have been trading with
Massachusetts and trading with the other At-
lantic States in mercantile business have had
taken from them, by means of the war, in
consequence of the war, all the assets they
had. One of the objects of this bill is to pro-
vide for that class of citizens as well as to
provide for the class of citizens who have
become unfortunately bankrupt in our own
States.
The view of the committee, however, was
that, looking to the purpose of an, act of this
description, looking to what we supposed was
the policy that ought tO be pursued iii refer-
ence to such eases, it was riot advisable to
include in the law any such limitation. I
know it may be said that it is one of the means
by which' frauds to any' extent may be pre-
vented. But no party is entitled to the bene-
fit of this act -unless he can show that he has
been perfectly' innocent of all fraud. The
objection to the provision is as it came from
the House, and it applies with still more force,
to the amendment of that provision suggested
by the honorable member from Massachusetts,
that it makes the absence of assets to the ex-
tent of fifty cents 011 the dollar conclusive evi-
dence against the debtor. Why should that
be so? How many of the merchants of the
land and the business men of the country, to
stiy-nothing of the South, from time to time
have embarked in enterprises depending for
their success upon the honesty of others, an
amount ^yhich if lost would reduce their assets
to less than fifty ccnts on the dollar? Arc
they to be denied the privilege of the law?
Are they to be stricken down hopelessly, hav-
ing no means at all of laboring successfully for
the support oven of their own families, and still
less of laboring so as to increase the wealth of
the country? It, will be so if this passes; and
the committee were of opinion—and in that
opinion, I believe I may say, if it is proper to
refer to such a subject at all, there was perfect
unanimity—that it was a sufficient guard against
any improper appropriation of assets after an
act of bankruptcy committed or after the fact
of bankruptcy became known to the debtor, to
provide that lie should not be entitled to a
discharge unless ho was able to show that he
had acted fairly. Innocent mistake we thought
ought not to involve him in hopeless misery,
to use a term not at all too strong for the con-
dition in which a hopeless bankrupt is placed,
with his wife and children around him, de-
pendent not only for education, but even for
maintenance upon his being able to provide
the means by which both are to be obtained
or acquired. We thought—and in that partic-
ular we acted in accordance with nearly all the
laws to be (bund oti the continent of Europe
and in England—that, innocent bankruptcy was
110 crime, and that in the abscncc of crime it
was fit and proper that every man should bo
made a freeman absolute, a freeman discharged
from the thralldom of debt, a freeman discharged
from the thralldom of laws which enforced may
make a slave of a freeman.
The honorable member from Massachusetts
and others who are upon this floor—and in that
opinion 1 concurred—thought that the institu-
tion of human slavery was abhorrent,, not only
to all ideas of justice,"but-to all ideas of human-
ity, and that it should be at once put an end
to. They thought evidently the other day, as
that opinion was indicated in the debates, that
the laws to be found in the statutes of some of
the States authorizing the sale, even for crime,
of any individual, were abhorrent to all the
modern notions of humanity. And yet, Mr.
President, can any one imagine a slavery more
absolute and more heart-rending, a slavery
that more effectually strikes at human energy,
than that which, although not existing in the
walls of a penitentiary or of a jail, a man sees
in his own household in the utter hopelessness
with which his wife and his children from day
to day live, with no expectation of beingrelicved
from the slavery of debt in the absence of a law
of this description ? And all that the law pro-
poses is, that he who is in that condition of
human thralldom shall bo permitted to escape
from it and be again a man, if he has inno-
cently been brought to that condition.
1 hope, Mr. President, the amendment will
not prevail, and that the bill as it came from
the House in that particular section will be
altered by striking out the clause which the
committee have moved to strike out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] to the amendment of the com-
mittee.
The amendment to the amendment was
reiected
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The <jnes-
tioh recurs on the amendment of the commit-
tee.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment. After the word
" and!' in line ten of the clause proposed to
be stricken out I move' to strike out all the
residue of the words of that clause and to
insert in lieu of them thesG words':
Provided, That no person who files a petition ask-
ing to bo declared a bankrupt, or who may file any
pleading in court, or give his consent 011 the record
to the judgmont or order of tho court declaring him
to bo a bankrupt, shall have a discharge from his
debts, until a minority,-both in number and amount
of debt, of his creditors shall givo their assent thoroto-
by some pleading or oth'or paper filed, by order of
tue court 01 upon tho record.
I will say a word in explanation of my amend-
ment to the amendment. The object of my
proposition is to discriminate between volun-
tary and involuntary bankruptcy. The effect
of my amendment, if adopted, will be to leave
tho provisions and principles of the bill as re-
ported by the committee to apply to all eases
of involuntary bankruptcy, and to establish a
different rule in relation to all cases of volun-
tary bankruptcy. My own judgment would be
that where a man is declared a bankrupt against
his will he is made an involuntary bankrupt:
where his property is wrested from him and dis-
tributed among his creditors, if he makes a fair
and full surrender, he ought to be entitled to
his discharge. But in that other and more
recent class of cases of bankruptcy, voluntary
bankruptcy, I want to establish a different rule.
I have always doubled myself whether the
framers of the Constitution intended to allow-
any other class of bankruptcy than involuntary
bankruptcy ; but the act of 1841 established a
different principle, and created voluntary as
well as involuntary bankruptcy, and I suppose
that tho law of 1841, and its acquiescence in
by the country, has probably settled forever
tho principle that bankruptcy may be volun-
tary as well as involuntary. But I know the
abuses to which the law of 1841 was made sub-
servient. Hundreds of thousands of men that
owed but a small amount of debt, .in my own
State many who owed debts under $500 and as
low as $200, filed their petitions^ to be de-
clared bankrupts, and were so adjudged and
received their discharge. If these men, owing
but a small amount of debts, had with energy
and frugality and industry gone to work they
could in a very short time have made money-
enough to liquidate and dischatgo all their
debts ; but they fraudulently preferred the
mode of liquidation by bankruptcy sooner
than by labor and economy.
Now, sir, I suppose you cannot by any sys-
tem or by any regulations which may be
adopted, define and eviscerate clearly and
infallibly the cases of voluntary and involun-
tary bankruptcy. In many cases where the pur-
pose seems apparently to be to declare a debtor
'a bankrupt against his will, it may, and no doubt
often will be with his full consent and concur-
rence. But so far as that point can bo ascer-
tained and made certain, my wish and the
principle of my proposition is simply that in
cases of voluntary bankruptcy the bankrupt
shall not have his discharge until a majority
of his creditors, both in number and amount,
give their assent upon the record to his dis-
charge. I believe that that piinciple would work
very inconsiderable, if any, injustice, because I
doubt not that in every case even of voluntary
bankruptcy where a bankrupt ought to have
his discharge from his debts he would be able
to obtain the conscnt of a majority of his credit-
ors, both in number and amount; and my
proposition is simply to guard against fraud
committed under this bill by persons who vol-
untarily seek bankruptcy.
Mr. POLAND. 1 do not design, upon theso
amendments to etiter into any discu-ssion about
the general merits of a bankrupt law. lac
