18G7.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1657
Mr. ALLEY. I object to the gentleman's
yielding for explanation.
The SPEAKER.. The gentleman from
Massachusetts can make the point of order
that there is no question before the House, but
if that is waived then the gentleman from
Vermont has a right to yield for explanation.
Mr. ALLEY. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, yesterday I
raised a question in regard to the constitutional
power of the Senate to return to the House a
bill in the shape in which this bill has been
sent here. I did not take an appeal from tbe
decision of the Chair, and I desire now only
to state the reasons why I believe that the ob- ;
jection which I made is sound and sustained
by constitutional principles.
The Constitution provides that—
"All bills for raising revenue shall originate in the
House of Representatives; but the Senate may pro-
pose or concur with amendments as on other bills."
Now, sir, the point with me is this: that an
amendment which strikes out the entire pro-
visions of the bill and substitutes a new bill is
no amendment at all. It is a creation and
nothing else. If we look at the bill passed by
the House of Representatives and compare it
with the bill passed by the Senate we shall see
that their calling their bill an amendment is a
misnomer. They have taken the principal text
of the House bill and amended it in certain
particulars, and then tlicy say they have stricken
out the House bill and send us what by a
misnomer they call an amendment. It was
therefore my hope that the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, who reported
this bill to the House, would propose either to
concur or to non-concur in the Senate amend-
ment and send the whole subject to a com-
mittee of conference, in order that we might be
able to obtain some action by Congress upon
this great question of the tariff. I desire to
say that the country is looking to us for action
upon it. The languishing interests of the man-
ufacturers of the country appeal to us for aid,
and those who represent the farming interests
of the West, those who say that the farmer and
the producer from the soil demands the right
to purchase where he can purchase cheapest,
are mistaking very much the interests of their
constituents; they are looking to popularity at
home on a false pretense, and the action of the
country, if we do not pass a tariff bill, will con-
vince them of the truth of what I say.
Mr. MORRILL. I will now yield for a few
minutes to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Allison.]
Mr. ALLISON. When I was interrupted
by the gentleman from the State of New York,
[Mr. Davis,] who just now imputed improper
motives to the men who differ with him on this
floor, I was about to state 
Mr. DAVIS. Allow me to say that I did
not design to impugn the character or reflect
upon the action of any member of this House.
The love of popularity, I suppose, is not con-
fined to Iowa. It is not confined to New
York. We all of us love it. I only say that in
matters which affect ourselves personally we
may sometimes be influenced to vote against
the interests of the country generally.
Mr. ALLISON. I was about to say that so
far as the Committee of Ways and Means is
concerned, to my knowledge it has assiduously
endeavored to bring this bill before the House
at the earliest possible period. From the 5th
day of February up to the very hour when the
bill was reported the majority of that commit-
tee were in session in the committee-room in
the morning during the sessions of the House,
and in the evening for the purpose of con-
sidering this bill and preparing amendments
thereto. I believe that the gentlemen upon
that committee will say that although I have
opposed the increase of many of the rates pro-
posed by the Committee of Ways and Means,
and although I was opposed, in many instances,
to the rates of duty imposed by the Senate
bill, yet I have thrown 110 obstacles in the way
of its consideration, either in the House or in
the Committee of Ways and Means.
I desire now to say a word with reference
to the present action of the House. If I un-
derstand the motion of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Mor-
rill,] it is to take the bill out of the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
where it is now being considered, and place it
within the control of a majority of this House
in the House and to have but a single vote
thereon. He tells us that there are but three
living days of this session. He informs us
truly that the Senate has taken into considera-
tion the whole scope of the existing tariff. If
the bill comes back again into the House, it is
perfectly apparent that it must be considered
only by a committee of conference, consisting
of three members of the House and three i
members of the Senate, and that the report of
this conference committee must be adopted
in the House without debate and without oppor-
tunity of amendment, or that we must adopt
the bill of the Senate without further consider- \
ation or amendment, affecting as it does the 1
entire range of dutiable imports, affecting as it
does materially almost every branch of indus- |
try, and changing existing values of almost
every manufactured commodity in the country.
Now, sir, in my judgment abill of this magni-
tude should not be passed without careful con-
sideration in Committee of the Whole House,
in order that the varied interests in the country
may be properly cared for and adjusted one to
another. If this consideration cannot now be
given, only a few days will pass until another
Congress will assemble having ample time to
consider this ■ffhole subject, and in the mean
time we have a law imposing high duties upon
most articles imported, amply protecting nearly
if not quite all the varied manufacturing indus-
tries of the country, a law which as declared
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means was only intended to bridge over the
period of war, through which we were passing
when it was enacted.
The motion of the gentleman from Vermont,
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
should it prevail, will allow but one vote to be
taken in the House upon this subject, and that
without further debate or amendment, a prop-
osition to which I cannot assent at this time.
There are several vital objections to the Senate
bill which would be finally passed upon by the
vote to be taken under the motion of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means.
It is perfectly apparent, as I have before stated,
that even upon a conference report no debate
can be had, as if this bill passes it must pass
to-morrow or Saturday at farthest to receive
the signature of the President or his veto
before this Congress expires by limitation.
Not willing, sir, to commit a measure of
this importance entirely over to a committee
of three, without opportunity of revision or
explanation, I shall be compelled to so vote
as to keep this bill within the Committee of
the Whole, when amendments may be offered
and its various provisions carefully consid-
ered. If this vote has the effect to postpone
for the present the consideration of this sub-
ject, I shall take my full share of the respon-
sibility of such action.
Mr. MORRILL. I will yield now for a mo-
ment to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to say a word,
not precisely in response to my colleague on
ti« Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Al-
lisox,] but to show what has been the action
of the Committee of Ways and Means and
what is the duty of the House at this time in
reference to this bill.
As has already been said, considering the
late date at which the printed bill came into
our hands, and considering the work on hand
at the time, both in the committee and in
the House, and considering particularly the
heavy pressure upon the committee by dele-
gations and interests from all parts of the
country, seeking to be heard, it would hardly
have been possible to get the bill through the
committee at any earlier hour. But this is
now our situation. We must decide within
the next half hour whether the majority in this
House shall be permitted to vote for or against
a tariff bill. It so happens that owing to a
division of opinion among the Union men of
this House the fate of this bill is likely to be
determined by the vote of the Democratic
members. Under the rules of the House it
is possible for one more than a third of this
body to prevent one less than two thirds from
taking any decisive action on this bill.
Now, I appeal to those who belong to the
majority on this floor, in view of the fact that
there are differences in our own party, differ-
ences which before twelve months have passed
may forever divide us, differences upon which
political parties may be entirely recast. I ask
them whether they will now precipitate a divis-
ion by using the power in their hands to-day
in connection with our political enemies to
defeat a measure which a very large majority
of their friends desire to have enacted into a
law?
Of course the power is entirely in their
hands. But as the Union party is responsible
for the action of the House, I hope gentlemen
will hesitate before they consent to aid our
enemies in tying the hands of the House and
thwarting the efforts of one hundred out of one
hundred and sixty members. I make no
charges against any man, I recognize the abso-
lute right of each member, as I claim the right
myself, to vote on all propositions as he may
deem best. And if this bill is released from
the Committee of the Whole, every member
will have full opportunity to record his vote
and make up his record.
I hope, therefore—perhaps I hope against
hope—that the House will enable us to take
this bill from the Committee of the Whole
and submit it to the action of the House.
Mr. MORRILL. Mf. Speaker, I do this
with reluctance 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is debate in order? I
do not understand that there is any proposi-
tion before the House.
The SPEAKER. If the point of order is
insisted upon, the Chair must rule that debate
is not in order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have said about all
that I need to say. I therefore move that the
rules be suspended, in order that the Commit-
tee of the Whole may be discharged from the
further consideration of House bill No. 718,
and I will merely add that if this motion does
prevail, then so far as the Committee of Ways
and Means are concerned we shall probably
make no further effort in relation to a tariff
bill at this session.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest
to the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Mor-
rill] that unless he makes his motion more
comprehensive than he has now made it, each
one of the amendments which have been made
in Committee of the Whole may be voted upon
in the House by yeas and nays.
Mr. MORRILL. I will modify- my motion
so as to require that a direct vote be taken
upon concurring or non-concurring in the Sen-
ate amendment.
Mr. HILL. And require the vote to be
taken at once?
Mr. KASSON. Without any opportunity
for further amendment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
motion of the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Morrill,] so that it maybe understood by all
the members of the House. It is that the
Committee of the Whole be discharged from
the further consideration of the tariff bill,
and that the House proceed at once to vote
upon concurring with the amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. MORRILL. I am willing to include
the amendments adopted by the Committee of
the Whole to the amendment of the Senate. _
The SPEAKER. Then if the motion is
agreed to, the amendments of the Committee
of Ways and Means, so far as they may have-
been adopted by the Committee of the \V hole,
will be included; those which have not been
