1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
least using arguments that I had employed in
a sense in which I did not intend and which I
hardly think could hare been properly so
understood. •' - _ -
The Senator rather insinuated that after
having been for a great many' years an advo-
cate of free and liberal principles, I have some-
how fallen from that position-a&d become the
advocate of other principles.- • I do not under-
stand thatto.be my position.' When slavery
was the question before as, when the right of"
men to vote was 'presented to us, I have always
been the advocate of principles of liberty ; and
where tlie proper- opportunity was presented
ft>r my action'in support of them I have been
I believe as unwavering in that respect as any
other Senator on this floor. I do not admit
that I have now less zeal on that subject than
I have always had. I have never, however,
been one of those who would drag those prin-
ciples to an extreme so as to lose a practical
opportunity of advancing great public objects
on account of what I considered an abstrac-
tion, a technicality. Sometimes a thing like
that may be insisted upon so as to lose the
opportunity of performing great good. When-
ever such occasions have arisen there may
have been an apparent inconsistency on my
part, but I have been willing to stand the haz-
ard of it before the people and before my own
conscience and to risk a shadow to obtain the
substance.
That has always been my course; I am never
frightened at a red rag hung up; I do not bite
at it. But show me that the principle which
you say I am about to violate is really a prin-
ciple and not the bare shadows of a principle,
the ghost of a principle, as I think is the ease
here, and I am with you.
Now, how stand these Territories? The
Senator from Massachusetts yesterday branded
the proposition that I have been advocating
here as shameful and disgraceful. He repeated
that assertion in the face of this Senate, almost
two thirds of whom at the last session voted
for this very measure—not once, but more than
once, for they repeated the vote in regard to
both these Territories; and the same members,
if we may judge by the votes they constantly
gave yesterday, stand ready now to give the
same vote, notwithstanding all the Senator's
arguments, and although he has branded the
proposition as shameful and disgraceful.
Do gentlemen think that four fifths of the
Republican members of this body are advo-
cates of absolute wrong and injustice, that they
are willing to sacrifice those principles for which
they have so long and so courageously con-
tended under all circumstances, that they stand
up here shamefully to trample them under foot
to-day with no motive 011 earth to do so ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask my
friend one question: whether in his own indi-
vidual and conscientious judgment he believes
this provision in the constitution which is
offered to us, excluding all other than white
men from political rights, to be a just and
proper conslitutional provision or not?
Mr. WADE. I am willing to answer that.
I do not think that the right of voting is like
the right that a man has to personal liberty. I
think it is subordinate perhaps to that; but un-
doubtedly 1 think it is right and proper that all
mankind, certainly without any distinction of
color, and perhaps without regard to sex, ought
to have the right of voting. I agree to that;
but I know it has been the practice of all our
governments to deny that right for certain po-
litical reasons that they believed justified them
in doing so. It has been the habit of our Gov-
ernment from its foundation, and it has met
the approbation of all the just men in it up to
a very recent period.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So it has, but 
Mr. WADE. I will answer the Senator; I
never dodge anything. I do not think it was
right politically. 1 am an advocate for uni-
versal suffrage, and always have been; but
when you ask me to stand by that principle
whore it will have no effect, and where, as I said
before, to insist on it will defeat a great meed
of good that is within our reach in order to as-
sert the ghost of that principle, I do not think
is to act wisely. Therefore the Senator was
wrong when he said I had argued this right of
suffrage as a glittering generality, as a certain
gentleman said of the Declaration of Independ-
ence. I never have treated the Declaration
of Independence as a glittering generality, but
as a reality,- yea, sir, more important to man-
kind than any declaration that has been made
since'that which was made to Moses cm Mount
Sinai. Its effect on the world has been greater,
and it has had no sterner advocate for its prin-
ciples than myself, so far as I have been able
to assert them always.
I have said nothing about this right in the
abstract. It is a right, and I am the advocate
for it; but I am not willing to sacrifice every-
thing to it whefe it has no application. I was
endeavoring to show the improbability of an
abandonment of their principles by two thirds
of this Republican Senate, yea, more than two
thirds of the Republican Senate, more than
four fifths of them, who are as tender upon the
subject of human rights, and even upon this
political right of voting, as the Senator from
Vermont. And he must not attempt, nor must
the Senatorfrom Massachusetts attemptto brand
the Senate with standing here ready, prompt,
eager to do a shameful and disgraceful thing.
A little modesty should assure a maa that such
a proposition as that would hardly go down in
this Senate.
I have resisted the application of these
amendments because I doubt now the consti-
tutionality of them ; but I am willing to tell
the Senator from Vermont, and all other
Senators, that if his proposition is constitu-
tional I have no objection to it. I am in
favor of it now if it can be done properly and
within the verge of the Constitution of the
United States. If I am wrong in the sup-
position that we cannot ingraft upon the con-
stitution of a State seeking to come into the
Union a condition that shall be binding upon
her when she is in and a continual provision
that she never can violate, convince me of it
and I shall be willing to enforce in the present
case this principle of absolute right, if you
please to consider it so, so that it never shall be
•changed. I do not see, however, that we have
that power ; and I argued as well as I could,
and I believe in accordance with all the great
jurists of the United States heretofore, that we
had no such right; that it would be in the
power of this State the next day after you
admitted her to turn around and change her
constitution, and thrust out the provision that
you had forced upon her.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will allow
me, I wish to ask him how can he ever have
it determined whether he can impose such a
condition or not unless we first make a law
which shall propose such a condition? We
can never reach the point of finding it out if
we do not do that.
Mr. WADE. We cannot foresee exactly
what the courts will do, who are supposed to
have the ponstruction of the constitution in
the last resort, and even their decisions are
not like those of the Medes and Persians; they
do not always stand. There is no such thing
as absolute certainty. There is no test of the
constitutionality of a law, perhaps, except it is
the final decision of the court of last resort
upon full deliberation.
Mr. SUMNER. Will my friend allow me
to call his attention to the very enabling act
under which the people of Nebraska have
acted? I find by referring to that that it re-
quires that the constitution shall provide by
an article forever irrevocable without the con-
sent of the Congress of the United States three
different things: first, that slavery shall be pro-
hibited ; secondly, that there shall be perfect
toleration of religious sentiment; and thirdly,
that the people inhabiting the Territory shall
disclaim all right and title to the unappropri-
ated public lands.
Mr, WADE. I underftand all those pro-
visions. .
Mr. SUMNER. The question is whether
those conditions afe not irrevocable.
Mr. WADE. I think they are.
Mr. SUMNER. V%ry well; let us -add
another to them. .
Mr. WADE. They are in the nature- of a
compact between the-people of the Territory
when, they apply and Congress who have made
the_ proposition. They have agreed to frame
their constitution upon thatkypothesis, and
aMhongh we CQald not bind them from hereby
ingrafting upon their constitution any such
provision as this, I have no doubt that we
may make stipulations -with regard -to the pub-
lic lands, beeatrse they have been in every
constitution that eyer has been made and ad-
mitted here, of the western States at.least.
But they should have been put into the ena-
bling act. If at the time wheal we told them
that on complying, with the propositions we
made in that act they should be admitted, we
had said to them, "It shall be an irrevocable
condition of your entering into this Union that
you shall make a provision for the elective
franchise, so that no person shall be excluded
on account of color," and they had complied
with it and placed it in their, constitution in
accordance with the requisition we made, then
it would have partaken of the nature of a com-
pact between the General Government and the
people of the Territory, in such sort that I am
by no means ready to pronounce that it would
not be binding forever, except by the mutual
consent of the parties that agreed to it. But
this proposition stands in no such position. I
wish the Senator from 'Vermont would -con-
vince me that it does. I am perfectly willing
that the proposition he has made, as I under-
stood him, should be placed upon this consti-
tution, provided it can be done constitutionally.
He aims at a thing that I am not averse to;
but I am averse to sacrificing the opportunity
and doing a wrong to ourselves, to the people
of the Territory, and to the gentlemen who are
seeking seats upon this floor, upon what I fore-
see will never touch the rights of a man.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I wish to suggest
to my friend from Ohio that if my amendment,
being incorporated into this bill, should turn
out to be unconstitutional it will not do any
harm; the State will be in. Why does he
object to it?
Mr. WADE. So anxious am I that this
State should be admitted and that Colorado
should also be admitted that I am willing, if
it will produce harmony here, so that we can
carry both measures and all unite upon the
same ground, which would be an excellent
thing for ourselves, to agree to the proposed
condition if we can do it constitutionally. I
have grave scruples in regard to it; I think it
would not be binding upon the State. That is
my judgment, but as the Senator says, if it
should be otherwise, the provision can do no
harm, and every gentleman who believes it to
be constitutional may vote for it. If it is an
error at all, I admit it is in the right direction;
and although as I have said, it is a bare abstrac-
tion, nevertheless if Senators believe it is con-
stitutional, or if they believe that is so doubt-
ful a point that it ought to receive the sanction
of the courts to determine it., certainly I have
no objection to their voting for the amend-
ment. I want these States in. I have argued
all the time that I do not care anything about
this word " white " as applied to these States,
because in my judgment it has no effect, not
because the word "white" may not be a
materiality and of great consequence in some
connections, but in this connection where it
stands it will harm a hair of no man's head.
The Senator from Vermont mistook me when
he supposed I was going to argue in the ab-
stract that it was wrong to admit colored pp-
sons to vote; I gave no such intimation. I wish
it might be so that they could vote everywhere;
and I wish the Senator would remember my
argument, good or bad. My argument was,
