THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
principle upon which this bill goes is, that a
debtor who is unable to pay his debts and who
surrenders all his property is entitled by law
to have a'discharge. The simple question is,
whether we will say that the principle of this
law is to be entirely thrown aside, and declare
that whether a man shall have a discharge or
not shall depend upon the consent of the credit-
ors. If we require that wt> may as well not
have any bankrupt law.
Mr. DA-VIS. I do not think the proposition
I make interferes with the general principle of,
the bill. I agree as a general proposition both
of humanity and of policy that where a debtor
is unable to pay his debts and ho is forced into
bankruptcy against his will, or, if you pleased,
without his concurrence, and he is compelled
to surrender his property to his creditors, he
ought to have his discharge. The -proposition
which I make does not apply to that class of
cases at all. It applies only to cases where the
application is in form, as well as in substance,
in the name of the debtor himself to be declared
a bankrupt, and in all such cases that the
debtor where he seeks himself to be declared
a bankrupt shall not have the privilege of can-
celing his debts by a judgment against him in
bankruptcy unless that judgment is concurred
in by a majority of his creditors both in num-
ber and-in amount.
In every case in which the proceeding is
instituted by a creditor and not by the debtor
himself, the general principle of the act would
be left to apply, aud the debtor would be al-
lowed to have the benefit of his free and full
discharge. It would only be in case where the
proceeding was instituted formally by the debtor
himself and not by his creditors, and where
the presumption might arise that it was a fraud
and speculation on his part to get a discharge
from his debts under the forms of this pro-
ceeding by his own movement, and not by the
movement of his creditors—it would only be
in that class of cases that the consent of a
majority of the creditors in number and amount
would be required under my amendment. In-
deed, I am not certain that it would not be a
salutary principle, one that would be promo-
tive of justice anil not at all inhumane in its
operation, to require such a consent of credit-
ors in every case of bankruptcy, whether it
be voluntary or involuntary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds.) The question is on agreeing to the
amendment of the Senator from Kentucky to
the amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion again recurs on the amendment of the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOWARD. Let it be read.
The Secretary road the amendment, which
was to strike out all of section thirty-three
after the word " otherwise" in line ten, in the
following words:
And in all proceedings in bankruptcy commenced
after ouo year from tho time this act shall go into
operation, no discharge shall ho granted to a debtor
whose assets do not pny fifty por cent, of tho claims
against his estate, unless the assent in writing of a
majority in number and value of his creditors who
nave proved thoir claims is filed in the ease at or
before the time of application for dischargo.
Mr. HOWARD. I was not in my seat when
the pending amendment was first stated, but I
can see no reason^ for making such a distinc-
tion as this. I think it is unfounded. I can
sec no justice in it; I hope, therefore, it will
be stricken out. I will not detain the Senate,
however, at this time with any further remarks.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifteen of
section thirty-four to strike out "two years"
and insert "one year;" so as to make the pro-
viso to that section read:
Ahcays provided, That any creditor or creditors of
said bankrupt, whoso debt was proved or provable
against the estate in bankruptcy, who shall see fit to
contort the validity of said discharge on the ground
that it was fraudulently obtained, may, at anytime
witmn oaoycay after tho date thereof, apply to tho
court which granted it to set aside and annul the
same. -
Mr. POLAND. It is just perhaps that I
should make some little explanation in refer-
ence to this amendment. Under the bank-
rupt law of 1841, whenever a bankrupt pleaded
his discharge in bankruptcy when sued for any
debt that had accrued prior to the discharge,
the creditor was at liberty upon the trial to
come in and impeach the discharge. When
the discharge was set up and pleaded as a de-
fense to an action against a .bankrupt the
creditor was authorized to come in and answer
that discharge by,showing that there was some
fraud in the proceedings of the bankrupt, that
his property was not all surrendered, that there
were almost any violations of the requirements
of the bankrupt law. By this bill the discharge
is made final and conclusive. The discharge
when pleaded by the bankrupt to an action is
not allowed to be impeached in that collateral
way. But the creditor is authorized to apply
to the court which granted the discharge to
have the discharge itself set aside. If the
creditor discovers that the bankrupt has been
guilty of any concealment of his property, or
for any reason was not entitled to the discharge,
he might have appeared before the court and
objected to the court's giving the discharge,
and he may again apply to the court after the
discbarge has been given to have the discharge
itself annulled or set aside. „
Mr. HOWE. Within what time?
Mr. POLAND. The bill as it passed the
House gave the creditor two years for that pur-
pose. The amendment proposed by the com-
mittee restricts it to one year. I do not desire
to discuss tho relative merits of the respective
times, one year or two years ; but the effect of
this amendment is to reduce the time from two
years as the House fixed it to one year.
Mr. IIOWE. I decidedly like the amend-
ment reported by the committee. I think effect
should be given to this judgment of the court
in bankruptcy some time or other. I think it
should take effect at least in a year. That is
time enough, it seems to me, given to any
creditor who did not appear on the hearing to
move for a rehearing, which I understand this
to be in effect. The very object of the bill is
to enable insolvent debtors to procure a dis-
charge from their indebtedness, and they ought
to bo able to know whether they are discharged
or not in some reasonable time. To require
them to go through all the steps preliminary
to a hearing, give all the notices, cite all the
creditors, have the hearing, obtain the decree,
and then be compelled to wait two years to
know whether that decrce is worth anything
or not seems to me to bo a very great hard-
ship.
1 believe a year is as long as is allowed any
party to move for a rehearing on a new trial
in ordinary proceedings. To allow so long a
time as two years goes very far to defeat the
whole purpose of the bill. It is said that there
is a great urgent public necessity for unfetter-
ing a vast amount of business talent and ability
that is now tied up by indebtedness. If you
want to unfetter it do so. There is no object
in merely changing the fetters. Do it in the
course of their lives. They will be unfettered
in the course of time at some time or other,
and the great majority of them, I am inclined
to think, before they would be by the force of
this bill if that time is extended to two years.
I hope tho Senate will agree to the amend-
ment of the committee.
Mr. HOWARD. After the proceeding has
been finished, resulting in the granting of a
discharge to the bankrupt, which is a formal
paper issued by the court under its seal to dis-
charge him from his debts, there is a privilege
given to creditors to contest the validity of the
discharge. Otherwise, I suppose, that the
bankrupt's discharge would be binding and
conclusive upon all creditors, and would pre-
vent them forever from questioning the validity
of the discharge upon the ground of fraud.
There are numerous causes which creditors
may allege by way of setting aside the discharge
and haying it canceled. The bill itself spreads
out before us this field of objections. I read
from page 42 of the bill:
No discharge shall be granted, or, if granted, bo
valid, if the bankrupt has willfully sworn falsely in
his affidavit annexed to his petition, schedule, or
inventory, or upon any examination in the course of
tho proceedings in bankruptcy, in relation to any
material fact concerning his estate or his debts, or to
any-other material fact; or if he has concealed any
part of his estate-or effects, or any books or writings
relating thereto, pr if he has bijen guilty of any fraud,
or negligence in the care, custody,"or delivery to tho
assignee of the property belonging to him at the time
of the presentation of his petition and inventory,
excepting such property as he is permitted to retain
under the provisions of this act, or if he has caused,
permitted, or suffered any loss, waste, or destruction
thereof; or if, within four months before the com-
mencement of such proceedings, he has procured his
lands, goods, money, or chattels to be attached, se-
questered, or seized on execution; or if, since the
passage of this act, he has destroyed, mutilated, al-
tered, or falsified any of his books, documents, papers,
writings, or securities, or has made or been privy to
the making of any false or fraudulent entry in any
book of account or other document, with intent to
defraud his creditors jor has removed or caused to
be removed any part of his property from tho dis-
trict with intent to defraud his creditors; or if he
has given any fraudulent preference contrary to the
provisions of this act, or made any fraudulent pay-
ment, gift, transfer, conveyance, or assignment of
any part of his property, or has lost any part thereof
in gaming, or has admitted a false or fictitious debt
against his estate; or if, having knowledge that any
person has proved such false or fictitious debt, he has
not disclosed the same to his assignee within one
month after such knowledge; or if, being a merchant
or tradesman, he has not, subsequently to the passage
of this act, kept proper books of account; or if he,
or any person in his behalf, has procured the assent
of any creditor to the discharge, or influenced the
action of any creditor at any stage of the proceed-
ings, by any pecuniary consideration or obligation;
or if hehason contemplation of becoming bankrupt,
made any pledge, payment, transfer, assignment, or
conveyance of any part of his property, directly or
indirectly, absolutely or conditionally, for the pur-
pose of preferring any creditor or person having a
claim against him, or who is or may be under liabil-
ity for him, or for the purposo of preventing the
property from coming into the hands of the assignee,
or of being distributed under this act in satisfaction
of hisdebts: or if he has been convicted of any mis-
demeanor under this act, &c.
There is a vast number of causes which may
be alleged by the creditors against the validity
of the discharge, and these causes cover almost
every transaction connected with the bank-
rupt's estate, the entries in his own books,
and a thousand other matters, which it will be
very difficult for the creditors or any one of
them for a considerable length of time to de-
velop and expose. The policy of the bill, as it
passed the House of Representatives, was to
allow a reasonable time for making the neces-
sary inquiries, with a view to contest the valid-
ity of the discharge, and they fixed the time at
two years within which this was to be done. I
think that time is quite short enough for the
benefit of the creditor. The great creditor
classes of this country reside chiefly at the East
and in eastern cities. It is not to bo presumed,
that they or their attorneys can within any very
short time make a full and thorough investiga-
tion into the condition of the affairs of a bank-
rupt who lives at a distant place in the far
West; and the same may be said of every sec-
tion of the country. Non-resident creditors,
whose claims and rights are as dear to them as
to any other class of men, certainly ought to be
allowed a reasonable length of time to contest
the validity of the discharge, and to show the
court that the discharge was based upon false-
hood or upon fraud; and it seems to me that
one year is quite too short a time within which
to confine the inquiries of the creditors.
I hope, therefore, that two years will be re-
tained. I do not remember what the fact was
in relation to the act of 1841, whether the time
was one year or two years.
Mr. POLAND. By the act of 1841 it was
not necessary that the creditor should apply to
get the discharge set aside. Ho could contest
it wherever it was set up as a defense.
_ Mr. HOWARD. He could contest it atany
time?
Mr. POLAND. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. I believe such was the
law. There was no limit as to the time within
which this contestation could be made. The
creditor could at any time within twenty years
contcst the validity of the discharge upon the
