220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
December 20,
State fails to Mfill its functions, if the State of
Vermont or the State of Michigan dislikes the
conditions upon which it has been admitted,
and; chooses to elect no Senators or members
of Congress or members of the Legislature, and
chooses to become wholly disorganized, are the
people of either of them any less citizens of the
United States than they were before? Does
not the paramount law of the land still operate
npon their persons and upon their property?
Or are they adrift and loose in the world, with
no power on the part of the Government to
regulate their conduct toward the rest of the
country? I do not. believe in any such doc-
trine. •
This proposition which I advance is not a
new proposition; the power which it seeks to
exercise is not a new power. In some form
or other it has been exercised from the begin-
ning of the Government to this day; because,
as 1 said before, those conditions which we
have heretofore imposed to be incorporated
into the constitutions of these States, the con-
ditions which we imposed by the act of 1864
to be incorporated into this very Constitution,
have their only force and vitality from onr ac-
tion ; for, so far as it depends upon the will of
that people, they may change that will to-mor-
row and reconsider it and set it aside, and
then so far -as their action was concerned, it
would no longer exist; but the paramount law
under whieh that Constitution was formed and
which created its very existence remains intact
and in vigorous force and exercise as it did
before. That is my position, and standing
upon that position I am quite ready to meet
the Senator.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I have been from the
commencement of this discussion very anxious
for the admission of the State of Nebraska.
I am so yet. I should have been glad if the
people of this Territory had come here with a
constitution not containing the word "white;"
it would have been more nearly in accordance
with my particular views of what a constitution
ought to be; but they have not done so. Now,
sir, there are three propositions before the
Senate touching that question; one submitted
by the Senator from Vermont, which proposes
substantially that we shall here say that that
word shall be stricken out. Now, I should be
glad to know what would be the effect of doing
that thing. There is an old saying "that it
takes two to make a bargain." Suppose we
pass this bill with the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Vermont; what then? Is Nebraska
  State or not? Has she agreed to the Consti-
tution as we expound it, as we lay it down ?
Has she agreed that she will have the consti-
tution with the word "white" stricken out?
If she has not agreed to it, can we impose it
upon her without her consent? In other words,
suppose the bill with that amendment be passed
by both Houses and signed by the President,
are the Senators from that State and the mem-
bers from that State in the other House enti-
tled to admission in the two Chambers at once?
If Nebraska be a State they would be so enti-
tled, and would have the same rights as any of
us here. But suppose their people at home
should not approve of this proceeding; sup-
pose they should say they do not want this word
"white" out of their constitution; then one
of two things would follow: either they would
have .a constitution imposed upon them to
which they had never given their consent, or
else they would not be a State in the Union.
Following out the argument of the Senator
from Michigan, how can we here make a con-
stitution for the people of that State? I do
not see how we can. If we can say that the
word "white" shall be stricken out of their
constitution in fact, can we not say that twenty
other words shall be put in, and then if our
action concludes them they are governed by a
constitution they never made.
In regard to the amendment submitting this
question to the action of the Legislature of that
State, I would have no objection to that but for
the fact that the Geueral Assembly is already
elected; it does not know the views and wishes
and opinions of the people of Nebraska on
that subject; and not knowing them, it cannot
express them. If it were to be submitted tp a
General Assembly to be elected after our ac-
tion, then we should know what the views of the
people of Nebraska were on the question; but
i f i t is submitted to a Legislature already elected,
as I understand that of Nebraska to be, we
cannot find out what are their views upon this
question. If we adopt the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri and submit the matter
to the people of Nebraska, it must necessarily
delay the admission of the State until the next
session of Congress, and I do not think that
the practical importance' of the question
involved is sufficient to justify us in producing
that result.
For these reasons I shall vote against all the
amendments for the admission of the State.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to postpone the further
consideration of this bill until the 7th day of
January next and make it the special order at
one o'clock on that day.
Mr. BUCKALEW obtained the floor.
Mr. G-RIMES. I think it is quite evident
that we shall not be able to get to a vote on
this question to-day, and it is very important,
as this is our last sitting during the present
year, that there shall be an executive session,
in order that some confirmations maybe made.
I do not want to interfere with the course that
the Senator from Ohio has marked out for
himself; but, if he will give his consent, I
should like to move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business. I
understand there are five or six gentlemen
who propose to speak on this question.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I hope the Senator will
not make that motion until I am through.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Pennsylvania give way to the
Senator from Ohio ?
Mr. WADE. If the gentleman has got the
floor I have nothing to say.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I do
not feel any great amount of interest in the
pending motion for the postponement of this
subjeet until next month, nor do I feel any con-
siderable degree of interest in the amendment
to the bill which has been the main matter of
debate this morning: I mean the admission of
this State upon a proposed fundamental con-
dition relating to suffrage. As to the first
question, the question of postponement, it is
one of those which naturally and properly be-
long to the majority of the body to fix and
determine for themselves. All that the gen-
tlemen who do not constitute that majority, who
are not responsible for the manner and time in
which the business of the Senate is conducted,
can claim is, that when measures are pending
they shall be fully and fairly heard ; that the
judgment of the body shall only be pronounced
after they have had a reasonable opportunity
to submit their sentiments to it for its consid-
eration. Therefore, last evening I submitted
some remarks in the spirit in which I have just
made this observation. I then stated that I
desired to be heard upon this general question
of the admission of new States into the Union,
and that I was content to conform myself to
the desire of the majority of the Senate,'either
to proceed last evening or to speak to-day or
upon some other subsequent occasion which
might be fixed.
As to the proposed amendment to the bill,
to which I have alluded, I have to remark
that in the first place I suppose it has been
sufficiently discussed; it is unnecessary to
add anything upon either side of the argu-
ment. In the sccond place, confessedly as
regards the application of a provision of this
kind to the Territory or proposed State of Ne-
braska, it would have no considerable effect,
110 practical operation, and therefore it is not
necessary that we should debate it at length.
I pass that topic, therefore, and embrace the
occasion to speak upon the merits of the hill
itself, following in this particular the example
set me by other members who have discussed
the bill itself when speaking in point of form
upon different propositions of amendment sub-
mitted to it.
Mr. President, in 1861 the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] who has charge of the pres-
ent bill, as the chairman of the Committee on
Territories, reported three enabling acts to the
Senate. One was to enable the people of
Nevada to form a constitution of State gov-
ernment for themselves; another was to ena-
ble the people of the Territory of Colorado to
do the same thing; and the third bill was to
enable the people of Nebraska to do the same
thing. These three bills were reported by
him and were passed by the Senate at his
instance, he taking upon himself on several
occasions the whole or nearly the whole of the
debate in their favor. I propose to examine for
a short time those bills presented by the same
member who now desires us to pass this bill;
and I make this examination because those
bills, and the time and circumstances under
which they were passed and the objects in
view in their enactment, are all intimately
connected with the question before us.-
The enabling acts for the Territories of Ne-
vada and Colorado were passed on the 2lst of
March, 1861. and that relating to the Territory
of Nebraska upon the 19th day of April of the
same year, about one month afterward. Now,
sir, what were the leading and material pro-
visions of those acts? I may state, in the first
place, that those acts were all very much alike.
They were, I believe, identical in all their pro-
visions except the particular of the name of
the Territory, and also in the particular desig-
nation of boundaries : otherwise the three acts
were precisely alike, and the examination of
one gives us complete knowledge of the pro-
visions of the others. I will take the act relat-
ing to the Territory of Nebraska, which appears
on the fifty-first page of the pamphlet of laws
of the session of 1803-64. By the third sec-
tion of that act the Governor of the Territory
was authorized to issue a proclamation calling
upon the people of the Territory to elect dele-
gates to a constitutional convention. The
words are :
*' And the Governor of said Territory shall, by
proclamation, on or before the first Monday of May
next, order an election of tho representatives as
aforesaid to be held on the first Monday in Jane
thereafter throughout the Territory, and such elec-
tion shall be conducted in the same manner as is
prescribed by the taws of said Territory regulating
elections therein for members of the House of Bep-
rescntatives."
Then by the fourth section it was provided:
"That the members of the convention thus ducted
shall meet at the capital of said Territory on the first
Monday in July next, and after urbanization shall
declare, on behalf of the people of said Territory,
that they adopt the Constitution of the United
States: whereupon the said convention shall be,
and it is hereby, authorised to form a constitution
and State government for said Territory."
Then follows in the fifth section a provision
with regard to the adoption of the constitution:
" That in case a constitution and State govern-
ment shall be formed for the people of said Territory
of Nebraska, in compliance with the provisions of
this act, that said convention forming the same shall
provide by ordinance for submitting said constitu-
tion to the people of said State for their ratification
or rejection at an election to be held on theseeond
Tuesday of October, 1804, at such places and under
such regulations as may be prescribed therein."
There is only one other provision of these
enabling acts to which I propose to call atten-
tion, and that is found in the concluding part
of the fifth section. After providing for the
returns of the election upon the question of
adopting or rejecting the constitution—tho re-
turns are to bo made to the acting Governor—
it proceeds:
" The said acting Governor shall ecrtify the same to
the President of the United States, together with a
copy of said constitution and ordinances; whereupon
it shall bu the duty of the President of the United
States to issue his proclamation declaring the Stato
admitted into the Union on an equal footing with the
orkinal States, without any further action whatever
on tho part of Congress."
