1866.
TSS €0M?RBSS1ONAL GLOBE.
m
The- Senate will perceive that.-this /enabling
act with reference to the Territory ofNebraska-
■nras that the Governor should/ by proclama-
tion,'call a convention-to-.meet in - the month
of July following; that;- if- -die, convention
formed a constitution-it- should^be voted upon
and accepted or rejected in October following;
and that in case* of the acceptance of the con-
stitution and a return of such acceptance made
to the President of the: United States, he
should issue a proclamation declaring the
State admitted into the" Union. It will be
seen-that it was contemplated that these Torri-.
tories, if they- chose- to assume to thejnselves
tH'e dignity and character of States, should be
prepared for representation in Congress at the
second session of the Thirty-Eighth Congress,
to wit, when it assembled in the month of- De-
cember, 1864. These bills contained provisions
by which the people of each of- these three
Territories would be enabled to take their place
in the confederacy of States and obtaiu full rep-
resentation in both Houses- of Congress upon
the assembling of Congress in December, 1864.
The remarkable provision that they should.be
declared-admitted into the Union by presiden-
tial proclamation, "without any further action
whatever. on the part of Congress," was a de-
parture from the previous practice of the Gov-
ernment in such cases, and exhibits the anxiety
felt for their speedy entrance into the Union as
States.
Now, sir, it will at once be seen that the
pretense that the people of either of the Ter-
ritories that have been spoken of in the debate
—Colorado or Nebraska—have proceeded un-
der the enabling acts in the formation- of con-
stitutions for -themselves, arid in applying for
admission into the- Union, is wholly groundless,
is without the slightest foundation in fact or
in law. Either one of the enabling acts ex-
pended itself within the year 1864. It was to
be executed in that year by the officers and
people of the Territory concerned if executed
at all; if it had effect, if it had the result
that was contemplated, the new State would
appear by her representatives in the Congress
of the United States in December of that
year. Any proceedings which have taken
place sincc that year in either Territory in
connection with the formation of a constitu-
tion have been wholly unauthorized by the
enabling acts. They have been voluntary on
the part of the people and authorities of the
Territory in question. They have not been
authorized or instigated by the legislation of
Congress in any way whatever. The result is
inevitable that these Territories appear before
us as petitioners; they apply to us as, perhaps,
they can properly apply, for permission to en-
ter the Union if we think under all the circum-
stances they should be admitted; but any ques-
tions of light under the enabling acts of 1864
arc out of the case and wholly foreign to the
debate.
Before I pass on, I will pause a moment to
make the inquiry, what was intended or de-
signed in 1864 in the enactment of these sev-
eral enabling acts as they are called? It ap-
pears from the congressional proceedings,
which are preserved to us, and which wc can
consult, that the people of neither of those
Territories applied for admission formally.
There was no agitation on their part. Indi-
viduals resident in one or the other of the sev-
eral Territories may have verbally expressed
such a desire, but I believe it will be found
upon investigation that no application was
made by any officer or citizen of those Terri-
tories in a formal manner to either House of
Congress for the passage of an enabling act.
"Why, then, were those bills introduced and
passed? Wo know, ii-om subsequent inquiry
and investigation, that the number of inhabit-
ants in either one of these Territories was
exceedingly small at that time. There was a
paucity of population, a deficiency of popula-
tion for any reasonable purpose of forming a
new State or introducing a new State into the
Union. Why, then, were those bills passed ?
I was. never able, to give any other explanation
than this-; that they were. j5agsed for the pur-,
pose of heading off (if I may use the expres-
sion) Mr. Lincoln, who was.then President
of the United States, in his policy of reestab-
lishing State'governments in the South and
obtaining their recognition and representation
in this Government. In his annual message
at the beginning of the session, he had com-
municated to Congress a plan for the reorgan-
ization of State governments, in which any
greater number than- one tenth of the people,
of any insurrectionary State were authorized to
reorganize their government; and he pledged
the faith of this Government that sueh State
government should be recognized, and upheld
by it. ' ■
Not only that, but-.it was. notorious to the
whole country,: and appeared in -all forms in
official documents-,-that Mo Lincoln was not
only announcing a plan but was executingone.
He was carrying forward its execution in Ten-
nessee under the present President of the
United States, who was sent there by him. He
was carrying it on in -the State of Louisiana
actively and energetically. He was carrying-
it on also in Arkansas in the communication
to General Steele, who was for a time in com-
mand in that State, and in other ways he was
engaged in its execution. He was also carry-
ing it on in the State of Virginia, within sight
of: the Capitol, at our very doors.
A very grave question arose upon which men
differed, an 4 differed upon both sides in polities,
differed among themselves. It was whether
that policy of>Eis of organizing States upon the
minority principle and by military power or
under military coercion was valid, and if valid,
whether it was reasonable and proper that it
should be done. Upon that whole question I
agreed with the Senator from Ohio, the chair-
man of the Committee on Territories. I thought
it was absurd, it was monstrous that those pres-
idential States should be set up as members
of this Union and should be represented in the
Senate and in the House to the full extent to
which their populations were represented be-
fore the war, that a mere fragment of the popu-
lation of a State should wield the whole politi-
cal power of that State in this Government,
both in Congress and in the Electoral Colleges.
I, for one, thought that to be a monstrous
proposition and resisted it; in this agreeing
with the Senator from Ohio.
But although I agreed with him in his views
on that question of- presidential reconstructed
States as they were then presented in the midst
of the war, I did not agree with him in the
means by which his object should be reached.
He desired to head off this presidential policy.
He felt -about as John Miner Botts did in the
days of Tyler. He, too, was opposed to the
President and his policy and desired to check
him, to defeat his policy, to prevent the ac-
complishment of his designs. I united with
that Senator in voting against recognizing
those State governments, in resisting their
being represented in Congress, in resisting the
counting of their electoral votes for President
and Vice President of the United States. I
did all this upon clear grounds and upon full
conviction. But there was one thing in which
I could not agree with the Senator from Ohio,
and that was, in calling into existence imper-
fect, weak, inadequate, premature States in
the West for the purpose of cheeking the policy
of the President; rushing in Nevada and Col-
orado and Nebraska for the purpose of out-
voting Mr. Lincoln's new members from the
South. I could not go that far with the Sen-
ator from Ohio, and therefore never gave my
assent to these enabling acts of 1864.
But, sir, to pass on: under what circum-
stances were those bills enacted by Congress ?
I propose to show that to the Senate and to
the country. I propose to show the state-
ments upon which the assent of Congress was
given to those measures, and I propose to
show that those statements came from the
Senator from Ohio himself. Upon the con-
sideration of the Colorado enabling act,Mr.
CoKLAMER said: ;
" I wish to inquire of the chairman of the Cfittomit*
tee on Territories whether ha has any ii>forma.ta/>n;a«
to the extent of the population of this Territory?
" Mr. Wade. Nothing that I can rely upon with a
very great deal of confidence, I have takte e' -
pains to ascertain the facts fram the JWegate ia
understand there most be now about si-JSty thoosand
inhabitants in Colorado; souk* think a greo-tdcal
mare than that. -That is the smallest number Ifind
intimated by those who'prdfess to know anything
about it. It is a Territory which is fining u|t wry
rapidly. Judge Edmunds teljs me that he hasnot
the least doubt in the world that before they fiuiylt
their arrangements and become a.State, there win Se
sufficient population there for a Representative's
Congress, according to the' ratio of representation
fixed by the last census. That is abo.ut the informa-
tion I got." .,
When the enabling act. for Nebraska was
pending the Senator from Ohio said, in-^
conclusion of the debate, these important words
—and recollect, he was speaking as the., organ
of the Committee on Territories^ speaking up©#
a territorial question, in a ca§a> and&t«, tanif
when his expression of opinion was.entitled
the highest respect and confidence-—
" I have no doubt that this Territory will have a
population amply sufficient for a Representative.by
the time they get a State govornment.formedand®re
ready to elect their officers."
Which, according to the provisions in the
enabling act, would have been in October,
1864. Now, by the legislation of Congress,
under the present census, the population re-
quired for a member of the House of Repre?
sentatives is one hundred and twenty-seven
thousand; and Congress was assured, when
these enabling acts were passed in 1864; that
by the time the people of these Territories
appeared, respectively, and claimed admission
under those enabling acts they would have,
each of them, at least the ratio or number of
one hundred and twenty-seven thousand.
Mr. WADE. I hope the Senator will allow
me one moment in explanation of that.. He
thinks that my predictions as to the population
of these Territories were not well founded—
that I stated it very large. I certainly an-
nounced what the Commissioner of Public
Lands, who was very well acquainted with the
subject, stated. It was the opinion of every-
body with whom I conversed, and it was the
best light I could get at the time. But.the
amount of population that we expected then
was interrupted and undoubtedly disappointed
by the terrible Indian war that occurred about
that time, driving a great many out of the Ter?
ritory, and drawing a great many into that war,
I have no doubt that that had the effect to pre-
vent those expectations being fulfilled. That
is all I have to say on that subject. I repeat,
what I have frequently said, that the popula-
tion of Nebraska nowis largerthan Territories
have usually had when they have been admitted,
though not so large as I expected it would
at the time that enabling act was passed.
Mr. BUCKALEW. But, Mr. President, the
force and effect of this fact is not weakened or
removed at all in respect to the point for which
I cited it, and that was, to show that the Con-
gress of 1864 was misled, if not intentionally,
in effect, deceived with reference to the subject
of population in both the Territories that are
now before us for admission, and that if the
truth had then been known, if the facts as they
were subsequently ascertained had been fairly
stated and fully understood, there is no reason
to believe that these enabling acts would have
been passed. Congress acted under a miscon-
ception of the amount of population in each
of these Territories.
I say this is conclusive against any argument
founded upon these enabling statutes—the ar-
gument which has been pressed upon us with
such force from the commencement of the
debate down to this time. At the very time
when the Senator from Ohio, upon authority
which misled him equally with the Senate, was
fixing the minimum of the population of Colo-
rado at sixty thousand, at the very moment
