1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
thirty-seventh section of the bill, and I ask the
Clerk to read that section.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. 37. And be it further enacted. That tlie provis-
ions of this act shall apply to all corporations and
joint stock companies, and that upon the petition
of any officer of any such corporation or company,
duly authorized by a vote of a majority of the cor-
porators- present at any legal meeting called for the
purpose or upon the petition of any creditor or cred-
itors of such corporation or company, made and pre-
sented in the manner hereinafter provided in respect
to debtors, the like proceedings shall be had and
taken as arc hereinafter provided in the caso of debt-
ors! and all the provisions of this act which apply
to the debtor, or set forth his duties in regard to fur-
nishing schedules and inventories, executing papers,
submitting to examinations, disclosing, making over,
scoroting, concealing, conveying, assigning, or pay-
ing away his money or property, shall in like man-
ner, and with like force, effect, and penalties, apply
to each and every officer of such corporation or com-
pany in relation to the same matters concerning the
corporation or company, and the money and prop-
erty thereof. All payments, conveyances, and as-
signments declared fraudulent and void by this act,
when made by a debtor, shall in like manner, and to
the like extent, and with like remedies, be fraudu-
lent and void when made by a corporation or com-
pany. No allowance or discharge shall be granted
to any corporation or joint stock company, or to any
person or officer or member thereof: Provided, That
whenever any corporation by proceedings under this
actshall bo declared bankrupt, such decree of bank-
ruptcy shall work a forfeiture of all the franchises
of such corporation, and the affairs of such corpora-
tion shall be wound up in the manner provided in
this act in respect to natural persons.
Mr. HOWARD. This section applies to
bodies-corporate and does not apply to natural
persons, whether individuals or associations of
partners. By its very terms it is applicable to
corporations ; and it makes no distinction be-
tween the various kinds ofcorporations, whether
they be trading commercial corporations or
corporations for any other purpose.
Originally, it was beyond a doubt the pur-
pose of a bankrupt act to discharge the person
of the debtor from arrest, or as the case might
be to discharge him from the liability under
which he labored. I may be mistaken, but I
am of the impression that the English bank-
rupt laws do not apply to corporations. Such
Idws have always been regarded as laws for the
relief of honest, unfortunate debtors, and for
the benefit of creditors, and they apply, I think,
exclusively to natural persons, not to corpora-
tions.
A corporation exists only by express law.
Corporations in the States draw their being
from the statutes of the States, which statutes
are called their charters. Their existence, all
their attributes, all their liabilities, all penal-
ties imposed upon them, the very life and
being, the very soul and essence of a corpora-
tion is derived from the State statutes. The
States have full and complete control over
corporations erected or created by their laws;
and I have yet to learn that it is within the
constitutional competency of Congressto inter-
fere in any way whatever with the functions
or operations of State corporations. If I am
wrong about this I should like very much to
be set right by the learned chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary, who I have
no doubt is fully prepared [Mr. Trumbull.
The Senator from Vermont has charge of the
bill] to explain this subject, which is some-
what mysterious to me. I do not understand
how such a clause could have got into a Fed-
eral bankrupt bill. The mode of winding up
a State corporation, the mode in which it shall
exercise its functions, the mode in which it
shall die and be buried, are ?.ll preseribedby the
charter or by the laws of the State applicable
to these corporations; and until now it has, I
believe, beeu unheard of that Congress has
attempted to step in and regulate the mode by
which a State corporation shall cease to exist
or be wound up. Still I find in this bill this
strange clause, and to me it is a very strange
clause, that whenever any corporation by pro1
ceedings under this act shall be declared bank-
rupt—
Such dccree of bankruptcy shall work a forfeiture
of all the franchises of such corporation.
To me this is a very strange principle. I do
not believe we have power to do this. I do
not believe that under the bankrupt clause of-
the Constitution Congress is authorized to step
in and declare what shall be or what shall not
be cause of forfeiture of a State charter. It
is not, perhaps, even generally true of trading
corporations erected by the States -that insolv-
ency is absolutely a cause of forfeiture. It
may be a cause of forfeiture or it may not be,
according as the State legislation has estab-
lished ; but can Congress declare a cause of
a forfeiture of chartered rights which are not
declared to be such by the State legislation?
If we can, I beg some gentleman to point out
to me in the Constitution whence this anom-
alous power is derived. I do not see it in the
Constitution as yet.
Again, sir, as I have already remarked, there
is in this clause no discrimination between the
various kinds of corporations. It does not de-
clare that commercial or trading corporations
only shall be subject to the act and lose their
charters in case of insolvency, but it brings
within its broad sweep every corporation that
is capable of contracting a debt and standing
in the relation of debtor. Sir, you may com-
mence with the humble corporations known
ordinarily a& lyceums, for there are a great
many in the country, and library associations,
all of which ordinarily are authorized to con-
tract debts. This bill includes them and throws
them and their little property into the im-
mense maelstrom of the bankrupt assets. It
includes every town library associ&tion that ex-
ists by charter. It includes every mechanics'
association that possesses the faculty of con-
tracting a debt. It includes every bank erected
throughout the United States under a State
charter. It includes every railroad corpora-
tion. It includes every association possessed
of corporate rights and existing under a State
charter, and declares that in case such corpo-
ration shall be declared bankrupt in a Federal
court under the proceedings here detailed in
this bill, proceedings entirely alien and foreign
to the proceedings presented by the State laws,
it declares that whenever any one of those cor-
porations shall become bankrupt it shall forfeit
its charter, and, as a matter of course, cease
to exist.
The committee had to take but one more
step, and they might have taken that step, in
my judgment, with precisely the same propriety
that they took this step, and have gone so far
as to declare that every State of the Union
that is insolvent may be brought into a bank-
rupt court and have its State rights and State
sovereignty forfeited by a bankrupt decrce!
Now, Mr. President, I do not believe the
authors of the Constitution ever contemplated
any such thing as this; but that when in the
Constitution they gave to Congress the power
to pass uniform laws on the subject of bank-
ruptcy they meant the bankruptcy of natural
persons, for they knew as well as wejlo that
a State corporation can exist only by virtue
of its State charter ; that it can act only upon
the principles recognized in the State chartcr ;
that its whole existence, operation, life, and
death are regulated and prescribed by the legis-
lation of the State. It would be rather an in-
teresting spectacle certainly for the creditors
of the innumerable corporations existing in
the States to come before the bankrupt court,
file a petition, and actually drive these corpo-
rations into insolvency and into a forfeiture
of their charter.
All the property of these innumerable cor-
porations is thus exposed to be placed in the
hands of an assignee in bankruptcy, and to be
administered as ordinary bankrupt assets, and
the very existence of these corporations, valua-
ble as they are to the State, is placed at the
mercy of the Federal power, and this bill yields
the principle—and it is a great fault of the bill—
that Congress may declare what may be the
cause of forfeiture, and that that cause of for-
feiture may be something different from the
cause or causes of forfeiture embraced in the
State chartcr or in the State laws.
Sir, let us be a little cautious how we tread
upon this forbidden ground. Let us abstain,
so far as reason requires, from trenching upon
what hitherto has- been acknowledged as the
exclusive jurisdictional limits of the State gov-
ernments. I move, sir, to strike out this whole
section.
Mr. JOHNSON. ■ The proposition of the.
honorable member from Michigan involves
two questions. The first is the most material;
the other, as far as the law is concerned, such
a law as we may pass beneficially, is compar-
atively unimportant. The first question is,
whether the power to pass bankrupt laws em-
braces corporations. The second is, if it does
embrace corporations, to what extent we may
apply the remedy which the bankrupt law
affords. The power conferred upon Congress
to pass uniform laws on the subject of bank-
ruptcy is of course as comprehensive as it
could be made; and the only question, there-
fore, is whether a corporation can be a bank-
rupt. What is bankruptcy ? What is being a
bankrupt? Bankruptcy is an inability to pay
debts. A bankrupt is the party who is unable
to pay his debts. Then, whether a corporation
can get itself brought into a state of bank-
ruptcy and be, in the estimation of the law, a
bankrupt, depends upon this inquiry: what is,
in contemplation of law, a corporation? Is it
not a person named a corporation? That the
Supreme Court has decided.
The first case that arose—I speak now from
recollection, but I know I am right in sub-
stance—in the Supreme Court was, whether
a corporation could sue in the courts of the
United States unless all the corporators were
citizens of the same State and the party sued
was a citizen of another State, and the court
decided that the jurisdiction did not attach
unless it was averred, and proved if denied,
that all the corporators were citizens of the
one State. The court soon corrected their
error. I say their error, because they admitted
it to be an error. It was found exceedingly
pernicious, and in a great measure to defeat
the object of the jurisdiction of the courts of
the United States, to' inhibit a corporation from
suing in the United States courts, which was
practically a positive inhibition, if it was neces-
sary to prove as well as to aver that all the
corporators were citizens of one State. Some
ten or fifteen years ago, therefore, when the
question was again presented, the court, I be-
lieve by an opinion in which the judges all
concurred, decided that in the view of the judi-
cial clause of the Constitution of the United
States conferring jurisdiction upon the courts
of the United States a corporation is a citizen
of the State which incorporates it and where
it has its location.
Mr. HOWARD. That is the present doc-
trine of the Supreme Court.
Mr. JOHNSON. And that is now the doc-
trine. They have more than once reviewed
it and always with the same result.
That being the case, a corporation, in the
eye of the Constitution, according to the doc-
trine of the Supreme Court, is a person, is_a
person entitled to sue and liable to be^ sued_ in
the United States courts where the jurisdiction
of the courts of the United States depends
upon the residence of the parties, as we know
it does in cases where they must be citizens of
different States. That being so, it would seem
to follow necessarily that a corporation also is
a person who may become a bankrupt. To
consider it as a person for the purpose of con-
tracting debts and suing for their recovery and
liable to be sued to enforce debts which it may
owe, and not to consider it as a person against
whom any other remedy can exist in favor of
creditors, would appear to be almost absurd.
Now, what is the remedy which the bank-
rupt law affords? First, the compulsory pro-
cess is bjit a remedy. It is a means furnished
the creditor to enforce the performance of his
obligation on the part of the debtor, and where
it exists it is almost as potential, and is rather
more potential in its actual, fruitful results than
permitting the creditor to go into the courts
and sue the corporation. It it is fit and proper
that a creditor of a corporation should be en-
titled to the remedy of collecting his debts in
