224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 50,
fore the war, - proven when the flag: of our
country, the emblem of freedom, justicc, and
prosperity, was dragged in the dust and when the
blood of its defenders covered it? Did those
States, now the subject of hostile wordy attack,
falter? Prom whence came the first sinews of
war? Prom whence came money and prop-
erty? The lavishness of their-gifts was equaled
only by the willingness with which they shed
their blood. The -people of those States will
continue to shed their blood, and they will
sacrifice their property if the ignorance, the
envy, or theambition of men compel it; and
also all die rights they have to a fair recogni-
tion ofGovernment—ay, Government itself, if
itmust be so—to defend the principles forwhich
our Government was established. We ask noth-
ing for ourselves that may not be enjoyed by
others. We demand only that every man under
theGovernmentBhall have the rights enjoyed by
us. Such is our crime. Banish then from these
Halls those revolutionary harangues so near
akin to those repeated here prior to the revo-
lution. Do not encourage a spirit you do not
believe; for while it may furnish food for re-
flection that is profitable to all, it does not find
a response in the heart of any lover of his
country, of liberty, or of justice.
In a comparative manner I have endeavored
to treat the subject of representation in the
Senate, and I point to the grand results that
have eome from that representation. I do not
treat of the reasons that induced the actors
from the first revolution to enact that compact.
The advancing power of the nation and of
the States sufficiently attest their wisdom, and
those of our own time, whose cooperation is re-
corded, will in the future share in that wisdom.
We are now approaching the second step con-
templated in the previous remarks made by me
upon the District suffrage bill. By an immor-
tal act of the people the control of the person
of one individual by another has ceased forever.
No one, I think, is at a loss to understand as
to who is an American citizen. And the ques-
tion is: shall Congress recognize as a State of
the Union the Territory of Nebraska, having a
constitution that does not recognize a class of
American citizens on account of their color.
Congress has exclusive control over the Ter-
ritories and the individuals thereof. Congress
is therefore bound to exercise jurisdiction over
every citizen in a Territory. Congress can con-
stitute every citizen an elector or withhold that
privilege; but by the latter act Congress can-
not free itself from the responsibility of exer-
cising jurisdiction over him. By recognizing
Nebraska as a State, with its present constitu-
tion, the Government of the united States sur-
renders, so far as it can, all control of the indi-
vidual to the State. Thus those individuals
that are not recognized by the State lose the
protection and control of the Government of
the United States and are not recognized by
the government of the State. A class of peo-
ple are thus deprived of all government. Have
these people been guilty of any crime that
they should not have that which they would
have among Indians on your plains; ay,
among the half-civilized and barbarous tribes
in Africa? In all my reading and experience
I have never heard of any one ever having been
born over whom a Government did not have
jurisdiction. The men whom it is proposed to
exclude from government in Nebraska now
have an all-powerful Government in the Uni-
ted States. Soon they will be far poorer in
this regard than the native Indian or African.
Our civilization, the sympathy or interest of
the people of Nebraska may, it is true, protect
him, and that which ho is entitled to by right
may be extended to him in charity. The Gov-
ernment of the United States, being bound to
exert its whole power for his protection, sur-
renders him over to the charities of a people
who refuse to recognize him. I donbt the
ability or the light of any Government thus to
free itself from its responsibilities.
. Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I wish
to say something on the passage of this bill, but
I know that at this present hour, four o'clock,
it is utterly impossible to attract the attention
of the Senate to any remarks I may make. We
have reached the usual hour of adjournment,
and I presume the debate w.ill not be further
continued to-day. In this discussion most
grave fundamental principles which underlie
our whole system of government have been
invoked. It was not my intention to say one
word on the passage of this bill, but I have sat
hereand heard propositions advanced and opin-
ions advocated in such utter contravention of
the principles of the founders of our Govern-
ment that I think I ought to claim the privilege
of Saying something on the final passage of this
bill. I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest that we have an
executive session.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I withdraw my motion
for that purpose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I desire to submit an
amendment which I shall hereafter propose to
the amendment of the Senator from Missouri
to the bill before the Senate. I ask leave to
present it that it may be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pro-
posed amendment will be received informally
and ordered to be printed.
executive session.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned—the ad-
journment being under a resolution of the two
Houses to Thursday, January 3, 1867.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 20, 186G.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtos.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
personal explanation.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask leave to make a
personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection ? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, the ac-
knowledged organ of the Republican party in
Congress (the Daily Morning Chronicle) in its
issue of December 19, has seen fit to distin-
guish me by placing my name at the head of
one of its most significant editorials, which I
send to the Clerk's table, and ask to have read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Me. Sfaldixg's Rksoll'tiok.—There are some
Republican journals which desire still further efforts
to induce the southern Legislatures to ratify the con-
stitutional amendment, before resorting to the terri-
torial plan of reconstruction. Among theji is the
Albany Evening Journal, which, in an article pub-
lished on Saturday, has the following:
'"Let Mr. Ppaldisg 'sre.-olution he adopted, declar-
ing that upon the adoption of the amendment by any
State Us loyal representatives will be considered, as
in the easeot Tennessee, entitled to immediate admis-
sion. Make this last tender of the olive branch to
the Sonth. A fiord a reasonable time for the minds
of people to act upon it: and if the rebel leaders still
prove potent and powerful, if the refusal to indorse
the amendment is persisted in, as it no doubt will be,
then proceed to declare the existing governments
illegal and unconstitutional, and organize others
upon a loyal basis.'
"Tho Journal appears wholly unconscious of the
glaring inconsistency contained in this proposition.
If Congress proceeds 'to declare the existing gov-
ernments illegal and unconstitutional,'a will do so
on the supposition that they are so in fact. But if
they are. they have no right to act upon the adoption
of amendments to the Constitution. The very act of
submitting tho amendments to them, as above tiro-
posed, would be a direct admission of their leaality.
Would tho Journal have Congress stultify itself by
making this admission and then following it hv a
declaration that they are 'illegal and unconstitu-
tional?' Heretofore their existence as States liasnot
been distinctly recognized by any deliberate act. In
directing the submission of the amendment to the
States, there was nothing to show whether tho term
was designed to include the 'States lately in rebel-
lion,' and the action of the Secretary of State in
transmitting it to them, was merely au indication of
his own opinion on tho subject. Tho ratification of
the amendment by Tennessee previous to horadmis-
sion was considered more with reference to the evi-
dence of a loyal disposition thereby afforded, than to
its validity as a legislative act, ana if the territorial
theory be adopted, it cannot be counted among the
States on whose ratification the adoption of the
amendment will depend. It may be that some of the
past legislation of Congress has inadvertently ignored
the actual condition of the South; but if the true
theory is to be fully accepted, our business now is
rather to undo anything inconsistent therewith, which
may liave been already done, than to antieipateaueh
acceptance by the deliberate stultification recom-
mended by Mr. Spaldixg and the Journal."
Mr. SPALDING. Sir, the honor of placing
before this House the resolution ascribed to
me in this article has not yet devolved upon
me. The only resolution that I have offered
upon the subject was one of inquiry, which was
referred on the 10th instant to the joint com-
mittee on reconstruction, and reads as follows:
"Resolved,*£hat thecommitteeon recoBStructioa he
requested to inquire into the expediency of passing a
joint resolution declaratory of the purpose of Con-
gress in the reception of Senators and Bepresen tatives
from the rebellious States, respectively, upon the
ratification by themof the constitutional amendment
and the establishment of republican forms of govern-
ment not inconsistent with the Constitution ef tho
United States." *"
If by this measure I recommend to Congress
"deliberate stultification," my perceptions are
so obtuse that '' I cannot see it.''
While I am on this subject, however, I desire
to state for the information of the editor, as weH
as others who may feel an interest in my opin-
ions, that I adhere to the constitutional amend-
ment in all its parts; and advise its adoption
as a measure of conciliation and security by all
the States, so-called, whether represented in
Congress or otherwise.
If ratified by three fourths of the States rep-
resented in Congress it will, in my judgment,
become a part of the Constitution. Of this I
have no reasonable doubt. Yet I would have
the late confederate States, by their supposed
legislative bodies, ratify this amendment as evi-
dence of their submission and loyalty, before
I would vote to receive Representatives from
one of them; and I should further require that
their State governments should be submitted
to the approval of Congress.
I do not believe that the approval or disap-
proval of the amendment by the ten outstand-
ing communities, or any of them, will affect
the constitutional ratification of the same in
the least degree.
I will state a strong case to show the strength
of my belief: if it were possible for the amend-
ment to receive three fourths of the States,
commonly called the loyal States, less oue,
and at the same time enough of the so-called
disloyal States to make the gross amount three
fourths of the whole number, loyal and dis-
loyal, I should not regard the amendment as
a part of the Constitution without some act of
Congress recognizing the disloyal States, thus
voting as in harmony with the loyal States
under the Constitution.
It mnst not be understood that I concur with
the astute editor, in reducing the State of Ten-
nessee to a cipher in the foregoing computa-
tion, as she has satisfactorily passed the ordeal.
I "hope, Mr. Speaker, that I have made
myself understood. I want the constitutional
amendment adopted ; and so do the people
whom I represent. I want the outstanding
States restored to the Union, after they shall
have given sufficient guarantees for their truth
and fidelity hereafter; and so do the people
whom I represent.
It may become necessary, ere long, fo place
those revolted States in the condition of lerri-
torios. If that necessity shall bo made appar-
ent I shall not tiinch from the work, though
I would fain save the country from so great a
strain npon its institutions of government.
PRIN'TI-NO OF MLLS, ETC.
On motion of Mr. HOLMES, the following
bills before the Committee on Public Lands,
were ordered to be printed, together with the
amendments proposed by the committee:
A bill (H. R. No. 304) granting land to the
Iowa and Missouri State Line railroad, and for
other purposes: and
A bill (S. No. 33fi) granting lands to aid in
