THE '• CONGRESSIONAL-
February 4,
whole ot in part by means of the compulsory
process which a bankrupt laft affords, \Hiy
should it not be equally m the' power of the
corporation to avail itself of the voluntary
cldnse? IF we have tlid right—and I do not
argue that- rtow, Because the Supreme Court'
hdve recognized the right—of passing a volun-
tary as'well as a compulsory bankraptlaw;.and'
if- it is right to subject corporations to a com-
pulsory'bankrupt' law, why is it not right to
give then! tte'Benefit'of a voluntary bankrupt
law?
Bat there are other motives, if there was-ofay
doubt on the subject, which I think are persua-
sive to show that the' law should be made to:
operate upon corporations. I do not mean of
course to charge it universally as true of the
corporations to be found within the several
States; but the most gigantic frauds, the frauds
which have done more than anything else to
unsettle confidence in the integrity of our peo-
ple, both at home and abroad, have been the
frauds perpetrated through the instrumentality
of charters. Everybody" can recollect the case
of the Ohio Trust Company, chartered by Ohio,
composed, it was thought, of some of the best
men iu that State, and at the beginning so it'
was. They got involved after receiving upon
deposit millions and millions of money, and
having their offices in nearly all the commer-
cial towns of the country, and particularly in
New York, all at once, either by fraudulent
misconduct or mistake they became bankrupt
and ruined thousands. If there had been a
bankrupt law in force at the first riioment it
was discovered that they were about to get into
a hopeless state of bankruptcy their assets
might have been taken advantage of and the
creditors might have saved themselves from
actual total loss.
Look at the railroad companies. How many
of them have almost ruined their creditors?
They first exhaust the whole amount of their
capital1, they then contract a running debt,
and that will not do ; the road is not com-
pleted'; and then they mortgage a1 first and
second and third time, to the injury of those
who are creditors upon open account; and
the first mortgagoe goes into the courts of the
Stales and closes up the corporation, and all
the debtors are ruined, where they are in a
condition to bo ruined by the loss of their
debts.
So in relation to banks. What was the case
here the other day in this city ? A bank, with
a capital of some two or three hundred thou-
sand dollars, called "national," and therefore
obtaining a confidence which the name alone
gave because sanctioned by an act of Con-
gress, went into debt to the amount of millions,
and not a creditor will get, perhaps, ten cents
in the dollar. It was known for several weeks
that (hoy were in a ticklish condition, and if
some of the creditors had then been armed
with the compulsory process which the bank-
rupt law affords their debts might have been
saved.
The other question, and the one which I said
is not so material to the beneficial operation of
this bill, is to what extent will you carry the
remedjr? The bill provides that the franchise
itselt is co be forfeited, the whole concern
wound up. Upon x-eflection I think it would
be advisable to change that part of the bill.
J ho effect of it would be that if you proceed
against any of these corporations who have
property worth nothing, except as it may be
used in connection with a franchise, you de-
stroy the value of the property if you put an
end to the franchise. A.s is suggested by my
friend behind me, [Mr. Sherman,j a railroad is
worth nothing unless it is worked. The United
States by this bill- and according to- my view
they would not have the authority to do it if
the bill or any other bill undertook to do it-
declare that the franchise may be forfeited. I
will not stop to inquire whether they can for-
feit the franchise or not. That is a question
not necessary to be discussed, as I think, be-
cause unimportant in the view which I am
about to present. We declare by this bill as
it stands that if a railroad company is declared
a bankrupt, either upon a voluntary or a com-
pulsory application, the franchise is- to be for-
feited and the concerns of the company-wound
up. Many of those franchises are of inesti-
mable value1: The franchise itself is property,'
and it is only valuable as property as long as
it remains a franchise. To extinguish'it is to
strike out of existehcethe property itself. The'
assignee in bankruptcy therefore might be au-
thorized- to sell the rosd or to- sell the fran-
chise instead of providing that the franchise
itself is to go with the bankruptcy.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish; to inquire of
the Senator if he is of the opinion' that the
assignee can sell the franchise?
Mr. JOHNSON. That is a- question that'
requires sotne' consideration. The franchise
is sold under State laws.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When the Legislature
of the State agrees to it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Veiy well. I do not see
that it makes much difference. If the fran-
chise is property, and that I assume is true—I
suppose that will not be denied—and if it is
property that may be used for the purpose of
paying the debts of the corporation, then I do
not see why the assignee in bankruptcy cannot
sell it as well as the creditor who sues in a
State court. Does my honorable friend from
Indiana deny that it is competent for a c;editor
to sue a corporation, get his judgment, and levy
it upon the road itself and sell every thing?
What can he do under that judgment? Sup-
posing it to be a railroad corporation he can
sell all the motive power; he can sell all the
iron rails and all the ties, and leave nothing
but the naked bed ; and where the bed itself
belongs to the company he can sell that. Then
what is there left?
Mr. HENDRICKS. In reply to the Sena-
tor my view is this: that the road, the bed,
the track, the rolling stock cannot be sold ex-
cept the Legislature of the State creating the
corporation has authorized its sale, either di-
rectly or indirectly. As the Senator is aware,
most of these questions come up on foreclos-
ures of mortgages. The Legislature, author-
izing; the corporation to mortgage its'property,
impliedly authorizes the sale of its property
upon the foreclosure of the mortgage'. But if
the Legislature has merely created a corpora-
tion and authorized it to transact a class of
business, and that corporation has fallen in
debt and the creditor takes a judgment at law,
in the absence of an express authority to sell,
I apprehend that the officer of the' court can-
not sell, and that the only remedy of the cred-
itor then would be to go into chancery and,
through the instrumentality of a receiver, take
possession of and use the property. I have
not recently examined the question with great
care, but it is a troublesome one.
Mr. JOHNSON. Could any decree a chan-
celor could pass in the case cited by the hon-
orable member enforce the corporation to
carry on the road, compel the president for the
time being or the directors to remain president
or directors? If not, who is to appoint them ?
How is the road to be carried on?
Mr. HENDRICKS. In the case' which I
have mentioned the'court appoints the receiver,
and through its own officer takes possession of
the corporate property and uses it for the ben-
efit of the creditors, and makes the money for
the creditors out of the use of the property itself,
and does not undertake to sell the property,
and thereby pass the franchise.
Mr. JOHNSON. The question is not
whether we can extinguish the franchise; I
have said just now I thought it was better the
franchise should not be extinguished for other
reasons ; but if the State can authorize a cred-
itor of a corporation to come into a'court of
chancery and have a receiver appointed to
take possession of the road and to carry it on
for the benefit of the creditors, why cannot we,
by a bankrupt law, authorize the assignee to
take possession of the road and carry it on for
the benefit of the creditors? To destroy the
franchise instead of benefiting the creditors
would be an-injury. The only benefit that the
franchise can be to the creditors is by enabling
the creditors to have the benefit of the fran-
chise, and that ean only be by exercising the
franchise. _ If the franchise be' in a company
authorized to ca*rry on a railroad, and author-
izfed to do -nothing.else, then in order to secure
the creditor-the advantage ;of the franchise it
'may be necessary givd tq 'the assignee in
bankruptcy tVe. authority to carry on the road,
just as my Mend-admits chancery might in a
State court, independent of any mortgage in-
cumbrance, authorize a receiver to be appointed
and give him the power to carry on the road
for the benefit of all the creditors^ What I
suggested, however, was—and I make the sug-
gestion to my friend from Vermont, who has
more particularly this bill in his charge as
quasi chairman—that I think he had better
amend the latter jjart of the section so as to
preserve the franchise.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not interrupt the'
Senator from Maryland with a view of contro-
verting any of his positions, but my purpose
was entirely and only to have the benefit of his
view upon a question which; after hearing the
argument of the Senator from Michigan, some-
what troubled, my mind. A corporation exists
by virtue of State legislation. What this cor-
poration may do depends altogether upon the
will of the State Legislature, and how the fran-
chise may pass from one person to another
.ordinarily depends upon the will of the Legis-
lature' ; and it has not been regarded as a thing
to be sold by the corporators themselves or by
a court at law. The question upon my mind
was this: what shall be done with the corporate
property when the assignee takes possession
of it? He cannot permanently retain the pos-
session, and therefore the answer of the Sena-
tor from Maryland did not meet the trouble
fully. What will the assignee do with the cor-
porate_ property? If he -cannot transfer the
franchise the corporate property, as has been
so forcibly demonstrated by the Senator from
Maryland, is almost valueless. Can the as-
signee by a sale of the corporate property pass
with it the franchise, the right to use it as the
corporation itself might use it?
I am certainly in favor of striking out this
proviso, and I hope the Senator having the
bill in charge will consent to that. I think it
suicidal. I think you might as well provide
in the other portions of the bill that when a
man is declared a bankrupt he shall be put to
death as to provide that a corporation being
declared bankrupt its franchises shall cease,
its life shall cease. If'we can do this, we
ought to do that. If we can sell the corporate
property, and pass with that the right to use
it under the State laws, that is the end which
is desirable. And before the vote is taken on
the motion^ of the Senator from Michigan I
move to strike out the proviso.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is no objection to
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana moves to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the proviso in the section
proposed to be stricken out by the Senator
from Michigan, and the question is on that
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to inquire whether
that motion is in order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion
to amend the amendment is in order.
Mr. HOWARD. My motion is to strike
out the whole section, and the motion of the
Senator from Indiana is to strike out a nart
of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment is in order.
Mr. POLAND. It seems to me that if my
friend from Michigan had examined this bill
through and with a little more care he would
not have been so much alarmed at this thirty-
seventh section. It extends the provisions of
this bill to corporations. The term used is
broad enough, to be sure, to include colleges,
academies, lyceums, and every variety of cor-
porations, although they are not business cor-
