1664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Committee on Banking and Currency would
have the presumption to claim the floor,
[laughter,] and so I waited for the chairman
of the committee [Mr. Pomeroy] to rise.
Mr. PRICE. I think I can explain this mat-
ter to the satisfaction of the House in five
minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman from
Iowa allow me to say that this bill never be-
longed to the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency. I made the bill which went to the
Senate. It passed through the House on my
motion to amend, and there was not a vestige
of banking and currency left in the bill, and I
hope there never will be. [Laughter.]
Mr. PRICE again resumed the floor.
Mr. PAINE. 1 rise to a point of order. I
heard the Speaker state a moment ago that the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lyxcii] moved to
lay the bill upon the table. I agree with the
Speaker that it was impossible for him to make
that motion while the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Price] occupied the floor, but I inferred
from the statement of the Chair that for a
time at least the gentleman from Iowa had
yielded the floor to enable the gentleman from
Maine to make that motion. Either therefore
the Chair was mistaken in supposing that he
had yielded the floor, or the motion to lay on
the table was properly made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and will state to the gentleman
from Wisconsin that he is mistaken as to the
facts. The Chair repeated the motion of the
gentleman from Maine, but stated that that
motion could not be made while the gentleman
from Iowa was upon the floor. The first part
of the sentence the gentleman from Wisconsin
heard; the remainder, it would appear, he did
not hear.
Mr. PRICE. I wish to say to the House in
the first place that when I took the floor on
this bill, I did it, not because I am upon the
Committee on Banking and Currency, not
because I had any better right to take the floor
than any other gentleman present, but for the
reason that I had received a letter from Mr.
Randall, of Pennsylvania, who would certainly
have had a right to take the floor if he had been
Ijresent, stating that on account of a death in
lis family, he was compelled to go home and
wished I would take charge of the bill. I sup-
pose that will be considered a very good reason
by every one present; even by my amiable and
venerable friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hooper.] [Laughter.]
In reference to yielding the floor, I have
learned one thing since I have been a member
of this House, and that is that after a man
takes the floor on any question, it is exceedingly
dangerous for him to take his seat unless he
wishes to relinquish the floor, and therefore
I have kept my feet ever since I rose and
moved a non-concurrence in the amendment
of the Senate and to ask a committee of con-
ference.
Now, having fixed the preliminaries, I want
to say to the House that the only question to
be settled in this matter is the question whether
the country is prepared to pay several million
dollars in the shape of interest for years of the
coming future.
Mr. KUYKENDALL. For the benefit of
the banks.
Mr. PRICE. Yes, as my friend very prop-
erly and justly suggests, for the benefit of the
banks; to place upon the statute-book of the
nation a declaration that we will pay out of the
pockets of the people to the bankers of the
country four or five million dollars iii the shape
of interest when it can be just as well and wisely
avoided by passing a bill for the issue of non-
iuterest-bearing notes.
The whole question is in a nut-shell; it might
be amplilied and elaborated for an hour, but
that is all there is in it. The currency of the
country will remain, as I think I showed a few
days ago in discussing this bill, at about the
same volume, except the $4,000,000 now au-
thorized to be retired and the only question;
talk about it as you will, view it from what
stand-point you may, for this Congress to decide
is whether they will have notes paying interest,
taxing the people of the country with that bur-
den, or whether they will authorize the issue
of notes bearing no interest to fill the vacuum
occasioned by the retirement of the compound-
interest notes. It is for that reason, and that
alone, that I propose to non-concur in the
amendment of the Senate and ask a committee
of conference, believing that the matter can be
amicably arranged between the two Houses.
I now yield for five minutes to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Conkling.]
Mr. CONKLING. I have moved that the
House concur in the amendments of the Senate,
not because I believe it necessary to pass this
bill in order to accomplish the purpose which
the Senate have in view, but because I believe
concurrence with the Senate is likely to prevent
the passage of a bill which I should deem a
disaster. There being outstanding a large
sum of compound-interest notes, so-called, one
hundred millions and upward, a large part of
which is held by the national banks as their
required reserve, three ways present themselves
of making provision for them.
One way is to take from the Treasury some
part of that gold which at times men have
been troubled to divine the reason of holding,
and with it pay as far as it will pay compound-
interest notes at maturity, in order that they
may be canceled and destroyed, trusting to
tlyj income of the Treasury from internal reve-
nue, customs duties, and miscellaneous sources
to redeem the residue of these notes as they
fall due from time to time.
Another mode is to exercise a power which
I think the Secretary of the Treasury already
has by existing law, the same power conferred
in one form in the amendment of the Senate,
namely, to issue certificates of indebtedness
of some sort. This power can be found in the
statutes now, I think, with only one restric-
tion 
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, (in his
seat.) Certificates of temporary loan.
Mr. CONKLING. A friend behind me
says " certificates of temporary loan." I will
not struggle about phrases or terms. I have
not affirmed that they should be what are
technically known as "'certificates of indebt-
edness," "clearing-house certificates," "ex-
chequer bills," or "certificates of temporary
loan." It is enough for my purpose if the
laws as they stand invest the Secretary of the
Treasury with the power to issue evidences of
indebtedness with only one restriction, to wit,
that they shall not bear more than six per
cent, interest. The issue of such securities with
any rate of interest, however low, and not above
six per cent, is, as I understand it, warranted
by existing statutes, and thus a second mode
is found of retiring the compound-interest
notes at the lowest attainable rate of interest
upon the substitutes taking their place.
I may say, in passing, that we are not afflicted
with a Secretary of the Treasury who is tender-
footed in marching up to the line which Con-
gress sets for him, and marching over it when-
ever he chooses to do so. We passed a bill at
the last session restricting to $4,000,000 a
month the maximum of legal-tender notes
which the Secretary of the Treasury might
retire and cancel; and yet in the face of that
act, if my recollection serves me truly, when
the day had come that the utmost total amount
he might legally have retired could not exceed
ยง20,000,000, he had in fact retired over thirty-
six million dollars. Some statutes with some
officials are rather loosening than binding. I
mention this to show that the House need not
be afraid that the Secretary of the Treasury is
too abstinent of jurisdiction to avail himself of
all the powers he possesses.
But there is another mode of retiring these
compound-interest notes; and that is, to issue
more paper money, legal-tender notes as they
are called, under the specious idea of saving
interest to the people of this country. Sir,
there was once a great deal to be said upon the
question of interest and how to save it; a great
deal which I once vainly struggled to obtain
the privilege of saying in this Hall when the
national bank bill was first on its passage; a
great deal which has never yet been answered
by the financiers or the statesmen who origin-
ated that measure, and I beg leave to say that
in my judgment it never will be successfully
answered except by the vested rights which
have intervened and the good faith which has
become plighted. But the proposition now is
that in order to save interest we can afford at
this day, when we have descended safely in the
scale of prices from gold at 280 toward par,
when we have come down somewhere within
the reach or at least near the hopes of the
poor, to go once more into the business of kite-
flying and issue suddenly another hundred
million of legal-tender notes, inflating the cur-
rency to that extent, and sending prices wild
again for the purpose, forsooth, of furnishing
the Secretary of the Treasury with the means
of taking up these compound-interest notes
when they shall become due.
The last act issuing legal-tender notes con-
tained a provision that no more should ever be
issued upon any pretext, and this provision
was in the nature of a compact, a covenant with
the people of the country, which should be
inviolable. Why should we violate it now?
We do nof know precisely when these notes
fall due; ami I understand that in this respect
we are as well informed as anybody else, be-
cause I am told that in paying off these com-
pound-interest notes no record has been kept
in the Treasury Department of the notes taken
up and canceled nor of the dates of those
notes. Hence no one can tell the dates of
those that are outstanding, nor when they fall
due. We know that they fall due within a
range of months, and we know that they fall
due in amounts of a certain general range ;
but precisely when or precisely in what amounts
we know not, because the Department as I
understand is deficient in that particularity
and correctness in this respect which can be
found in the rudest and simplest mode of keep-
ing accounts. We may as well understand
how these matters are conducted.
But finishing what I intended to say : as the
gentleman loaning me the floor seems to wish
to resume it, my purpose in moving to concur
in the Senate amendments is to bring the
House at once to a vote upon the question
whether we are ready, in the face of the power
already conferred upon the Secretary of the
Treasury, enabling him to provide for these
notes in the most economical way that the
markets of the world permit, whether we are
prepared, in the face of provisions already in-
scribed upon the statute-book, to say that no
surplus gold shall be devoted to this purpose,
that no existing resources shall be employed,
that no existing power shall be invoked, but that
we, assuming the responsiblity of administer-
ing the Treasury Department, while the con-
trol will nevertheless remain in the hands of
the Minister of Finance, will indicate and insist
upon a policy which must inevitably inflate
the currency, which must inevitably toss values
wildly up and cut us loose from those moor-
ings which are slowly bringing down prices
from starvation rates somewhere near the reach
of the poor and of those who are compelled to
live upon fixed incomes.
With one other remark I will cease to en-
croach further upon the courtesy of the gen-
tleman from Iowa. I am not one of those
who believe, as I understand some persons do,
that we can with impunity descend at a single
jump or fall from that point to which we have
ascended upon the wings of expansion down
to the basis of hard money. On the contrary,
I belwve that if the return to specie payments
werebroughtaboutsuddenly and remorselessly
a period of financial gloom would pass over
the country as an eclipse passes over the sun,
leaving the land strewn with evidences of com-
mercial disaster. But, sir, I also believe that
it is safely within the power and clearly within
the duty of the Government to fix its face like
flint in the direction of a return to wholesome
