1866.
THE ? CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
mt
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
from the Columbia river to Salt Lake Oity.
' On motion of Mr. MeRUEE, the game order
was made in regard to the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 133) granting lands to aid in
the construction.of railroad and telegraph line
from the waters of the bijy of San Francisco to
Humboldt bay, in the State of California; and
■A bill (H. E. "So, 878V"td quiet titles in the
town of Santa Clara, in the State of California.
On motion of Mr. .HENDERSON; the same
order was made with regard to House bill No.
908, rgfetred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
to ataetid an act entitled "An act to regulate
the time and manner of holding elections for
Senators in Congress," approved July 23,1866.
PKIVILEG.ES OF A MMrlBEE.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Corftmittee on the
Judiciary, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following report in relation to the impris-
onment of Hon. Charles V. CcLVfcn :
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom ivas
referred the following resolution, to frit:
"Whereasit is alleged that Ohables V. Culvbe,
of Pennsylvania, a member of this Congress, is de-
tained from his seat in this House under arrest in
violation of the provisions of the sixth section of the
first article of the Constitution and of the privileges
of this House: Therefore,
"Resolved, That theComraittee onthe Judiciary is
hereby instructed with all practicable dispatch to in-
quire into the circumstances of the casp and report
the same to this House, and to report to this House
whether any breach of its privileges' has been com-
nutted, and what action should be had thereupon;
that the said committee have power to send for per-
sons and papers, to sit during the sessions of tho
House, and to report by bill or otherwise at any
time;"
Respectfully report—
That they have taken prompt measures, as directed
by. the House, to ascertain ihd facfe of the ease by
bringing the sheriffand jailer .of the proper county
along with Hon. Charles W.Cui/vERhimsclf. and the
commitment and other records bearing on the ques-
tion of his arrest and detention as a prisoner, before
them:
That the result of their inquiries is that the said
Culver, a member of this4 Mouse representing the
twentieth congressional district of Pennsylvania,
■was arrested in the month of June last, and during
the actual session of Congress, at his home in "Ve-
nango county in that State, by virtue of a warrant
issuing out of the court of common pleas of that
county, under an act of the General Assembly of
Pennsylvania, passed on the 12th day of July, 1842,
upon an affidavit filed by a certain James S.Myers
as tho plaintiff in an action of assumpsit instituted
against the said Culver upon a contract for the re-
turn of certain bonds and notes alleged to have
been lent to him, charging that the debt incurred
thereby wasfraudulently contracted by said Culver ;
and that upona.hearmg before the then acting judge
of said county he was committed in default of the
required security to the jail of said county, where he
has been since that time imprisoned until the 18th
instant, and under which committal only, whereof a
copy is hereto annexed, he still continues to be held.
lhe next point of inquiry under the order of tho
House was, whether upon this state of facts any
breach has been committed of the privileges of this
House m the arrest and detention of one of its
mombers.
The sixth section of the first articlc of the Consti-
tution of the United States provides, inter alia, that
the Senators and Representatives "shall in all cases,
except treason, felony, and breach of tho pcacc, be
privileged from arrest during their attendance at the
session of their respective Houses, and in going to
and returning from the same."
This privilege, which is borrowed from the law and
custom of Parliament, is of such high antiquity in
iingland as to be absolutely lost in tho night of time,
and to stand thereforo rather upon prescription, as
claimed by the Commons, in tho 17th of Edward IV,
than on any positive law, although recognized in
statutes as old as the reign of Ethelbert, and Edward
the Confessor, and Canute. Its importance to the
freedom and usefulness of a Legislative Assembly are
abundantly vindicated in its remote origin and its
long and uninterrupted descent to the present time.
The exceptions, moreover, in cases of treason,felony,
and breach of the peace, aro identical in substance
and almost identical in language with those which
have been always recognized in England, and have
accordingly been limited in practice to cases strictly
criminal, for the reason stated by the Commons in a
conference with the Lords on thelTth of August, 1641,
that privilege of Parliament is granted in regard
or the service of the Commonwealth, andis not to be
used to the danger of the Commonwealth." And it is
accordingly said by Hatscll that there is not a single
instance ot a member's claiming tho privilege of Par-
liament to withdraw himself from the criminal law
ot the land.—Page 206.
With these exceptions, however, it is not to be
controverted that the privilege of Parliament may
be successfully invoked to protect the person of the
member in every case where he may bo placed under
arrest; and so important are these privileges said to
be that they cannot be waived, and no man is allowed
39TH Cosa. 2d Se&s.—No. 15.
to plead ignorance of the personsof those who are
entitled to them. {Cashing on Legislative Assem-
blies,^.) In WeUesby'scase^itussell and Mylne,
666) it was declared by the Lord Chancellor to be the
pUin, obvious, and intelligible rule " that with re-
spect to everything which is in its nature criminal,
privilege of Parliament is no protection; but with
respect to everything in the nature of civil process,
Whatever may be the technical and outward form of
that process, such privilege will inure to protect the
party. And it is elsewhere laid down tnat "in re-
gard to civil process—that is proceedings instituted
for the enforcement of a civil right—no doubt .priv-
ilege protects,whether the process be original, mesne,
or final, and whether the proceeding be by action at
the suit of an individual, or information or other pro-
cess at the suit of the public."
Taking the rule, then, as stated here upon the high-
est authority, to be the correct one, it is very clear to
your committee that the arrest made in the present
case does not fall within any of the exceptions speci-
fied in the Constitution. The case out of which- it
arises is a civil suit for the recovery of damages in an
action sounding in contract. The process issued is
but.j& warrant, authorized by an act of Assembly
abolishing imprisonment for debt in cases where
fraud is charged as an ingredient in the contract, and
its effect is only to require the> defendant to pay or
secure the debt, or give security not to remove or dis-
pose of his property in fraud of his creditor, or that
ho will apply within thirty days for the benefit of the
insolvent laws of the State. It is therefore in every
view but mesne or interlocutory process, auxiliary to
the main object, which is the collection of a debt, or,
perhaps, more prop erly sp eaking, the recovery of dam-
ages for a breach of contract. It is indeed no more
in substance than a substitute for the capias adrespon-
.deiidum in cases where the old remedy was intended
to be preserved. And this is precisely the construc-
tion whieh it has received from the supreme court
of Pennsylvania in two several eases in which they
have declared it is " but simply an arrest for debt"—
a process to- hold to bail"—in an action ex contrac-
ture collateral and in aid" of it without the feat-
ures of a summary conviction—that the fraud imputed
is but a private injury which modifies the ordinary
private remedy, and that the act which authorizes it
is nowise penal, nor the proceeding itself a criminal
one. (Goslin vs. Plaee, 8 Casey, 320; Berger vs. Small,
3 Wright, 315.) Unless, therefore, there was some-
thing in the time and place of the arrest to take the
case out of the protection of the Constitution the
arrest and detention were manifestly irregular.
By the terms of that instrument the privilege of
members is limited to the time of their attendance at
the sessions of their respective Houses, and in going
to and returning from the same; and it is conceded
that Mr. Culver was neither in actual attendance
here, nor going to or returning from the seat of Gov-
ernment, at the time when he was arrested. But these
words are entitled to, and have* always received a
liberal construction for the benefit of the people,
who are the parties interested in the attendance of
the member, and the unembarrassed performance of
his duties. Indeed, the Parliament itself, which is the
sole judge, as it is the jealous guardian, of its own
laws and customs and privileges, has been always
careful to avoid any precise definition of those privi-
leges, lest it might result in an abridgment of them
in the future. Thus, in regard to the time allowed
for going and returning, although it has been gen-
erally considered to extend to forty days in either ease,
they have refused to determine any more than that
it shall be a convenient one. There is no question
here, however, as to the duration of the privilege.
The arrest was made during the last session of Con-
gress, andthedetentioncontinuesduringthe present
one. Whether ho was actually here or not when
arrested, or whether it was his intention to be in his
seat at the present session, can make no difference.
It is his duty to be here, as it is the right of Congress
and his constituents that he should be, and his power
to perform that duty is not to be abridged because
he might choose to neglect it. Cushing remarks that
the personal privileges of members continue m full
force notwithstanding their absence either with or
without leave of the Assembly, in the same manner
and to the same extent as if they were present; for
otherwise itwould be in the power of a member by
his own act or fault to oust the Assembly of its right
to his attendance and services. (226.) And this is
reason. It is no answer, therefore, to the charge of a
violation of his immunities, that he wasnot in actual
attendance at tho session of tho House at the time
of his arrest.
But if it were eventruethathewas without a priv-
ilege, which itis settled that he could notwaive with-
out leave, (3 Gray, 140, 222,) and therefore lawfully
arrested during the session of the House, because he
happened to be at home, it would not authorize his
detention now. It isunquestionablo law that a mem-
ber arrested and imprisoned on civil process during
vacation, or at any other time, when not entitled to
assert his privilege, is entitled to his discharge from
such arrest and imprisonment on the assembling of
the body to which he belongs, and the records of Par-
liament abound with cases where the privilege has
been allowed although the member was in custody
bofore he was returned.
It being, then, the conclusion of your committee
that, upon the facts shown, and the law as applicable
to them, the case referred involve a clear breach of
the privileges of the Hou&e, the next and only re-
remaining question is, what action is to be taken
thereon, or in what manner and by what process are
tho rights and privileges of this body to be vindicated.
On this point there is no difficulty. In early times
it was tho practice of Parliament, in ca^es of arrest
on mesne process, to direct the Speaker to issue his
warrant for a writ of supersedeas or privilege, or a
Trntofkaheas corpus, returnable before the Patflia*'
merit itself. During the reign of James I the usairei
prevailed fortheSpeaker to writeletterato th^mdgest
to stay proceedings, and sometimes to send his iflrw
rant to the partieathemseiv.es, who, with their ■%&*■':
torneys who commenced the action, were braughtbv
the Sergeant to the bar of the House, (May, 136,-) but
the Court of King's Bench in the time of Charles I
declared that it was against the osttfcs of tlie judges'
to stay judgment in any ease, and -thejiractice, was
discontinued. In 162o, however, the Commons de-
clared that* the House hath power whenever'they
see cause to sendthe Sergeant immediately to deliver '
- V *-if  v- "TV bysendjngtheblack
rod or the Sergeant m the name of the House to
mandtbem, has been continually adopted,
In 1<07 the Sergeant was sent with the mace, as his
symbol of authority, to the warden of the Fleet, who,
readily paid obedience to the orders of the House,
and discharged Mr. Asgil, a member then in exeesfc;
tion; and Peers and Peeresses, as well as members of
Parliament, are now discharged directly by order ot"
warrant, and the parties who caused the arrest sotne
times visited with censure and punishment. The
general course, however, in modern times, is'to make
an order of discharge, and to signify the same, prop-
erly authenticated by the elerk.to the parties who
have the custody of theprisoner,and who, upon their
refusal to obey, may be proceeded against as for eon-
tempt; andthisissuggested by anAmerican author as
Perhaps the only appropriate remedy here." (Caching*,
227.), Your committee can see no reason, howeve?,*
for the issue of an order to which no answer can be
received but absolute obedience, where in case or
contumacy an attachment for contempt would only
result in the punishment of the delinquent, without-
effecting the object aimed at, which might at any
rate eventually require adirect exertion of thepowers
of the House upon the person of the prisoner. They
would therefore advise the more summary, simple*
and complete, and less circuitous remedy of immedi-
ate deliverance by the hands of its own officer, and
they accordingly recommend the passage of the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Speaker be directed to issue his
warrant to the Sergeant-at-Arms, commanding him
to deliver forthwith the Hon. Charles V. Culver,
a member of this House, detained, as it appears, under
mesne process issuing^out of the court of common
pleas of Venango county, in the State of Pennsyl-
vania, in a civil suit instituted therein, at the in-
stance of a certain James S. Myers, from the custody
of the sheriff and jailor of said county, or any other
person or persons presuming to hold and detain tho
said Culver by virtue of such process, wherever he
may be found—a copy of tho said warrant duly au-
thenticated by the Clerk of this House being first de-
livered to the party or parties in whose custody he
may be—and to make return to this House of the
said warrant, along with the manner in^grhich ha
may have executed the same.
venango county, SB:
The Commonxcealth of Pennsylvania to the Sheriff and
Jailor of the county*of Venango, greeting :
Whereas a suit has been brought by James S.
Myers against C. V/Culver, in the court of common
pleas of said county, which is now pending therein:
and whereas the said James S., on the 12th of June,
1866, made complaint under oath setting forth that
the debt was fraudulently contractcd by the said C.
V. Culver, whereupon a warrant was issued for tho
arrest of the said C. V. Citlver, who was brought
before Hon. Isaac G.Gordon, presidentof thetwenty-
eighth judicial district of Pennsylvania, by whom
the said warrant was issued for a hearing on the
27th day of June instant, when the parties offered
evidenee in part, and the hearing was continued
over until the 28th of June instant, when, after hear-
ing the evidenee and counsel for the defendant, it
was, upon due consideration of the case by the said
judge, considered and determined by him that the
allegations of thecomplainant are substantiated, and.
that the said C. V. Culver did fraudulently contract
the debt for which the said suit is brought, there-
fore you are hereby commanded to take the said C.
V. Culver and commit him to the common jail of the
said county of Venango, and there detain him until
he shall be discharged bylaw.
Wnness the hand and seal of the sMd judge of
Franklin this 2Stli day of June, A. D. 1866.
ISAAC G. GORDON,
Presiding Judge.
A true copy of tho original mittimus produced by
Cyrus S. Mark, jailor of Venango county, Pennsyl-
vania, and referred to in his examination bofore the
Judiciary Committee.
Attest: E.G.BOWDOIN,.
Cleric of the Judiciary Committee.
The resolution reported "by the Judiciary
Committee was unanimously agreed to.
PAYMENT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. DELAoS"0. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolu-
tion, which I hope "will give rise to no debate:
Resolved hi/ the Senate and House of Representatives,
<£*c\, That until otherwise ordered, it shall be unlaw-
ful for any officer of the Unitod States Government
to pay any account, claim, or demand against the said
(government which accrued or existed prior to the
loth day of April, 1S61, in favor of any person who
promoted, cncouraged. or in any manner sustained
the late rebellion ; orinfavorof anyperson who dur-
