1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1665
values and to specie currency, to a time when
a piece of paper bearing the impress of the
Government will be the symbol of real money
behind it, and not merely an irredeemable
promise to pay.
Where that point is in the future, perhaps
''in the sea of years," I do not undertake to
say. Suffice it to know that we are drifting,
nay, rowing in the wrong direction, when, with-
out the shadow of necessity, we take upon our-
selves to direct the Minister of Finance to add
to the currency of the country $100,000,000
more, with all the chances that may be involved
in the proceeding.
I hope the House will concur in the Senate
amendment, because we give but little addi-
tional power, but leave the question substan-
tially where it is, and avoid the danger that a
conference committee will report in favor of
the issue of more paper money.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman from
Iowa will give me five minutes—not as meas-
ured by my friend from New York—but five
minutes.
Mr. PRICE. Certainly, I yield to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not understand the
logic of the gentleman from New York. He
says the Secretary has the power now. If so,
why give it to him again ?
Mr. CONKLING. Does the gentleman ask
that question to be answered? I should like
to answer it, and I can do it in one word.
Everybody knows the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Price,] moving this conference commit-
tee, will be chairman of it, and that the com-
mittee appointed under parliamentary law will
be in favor of the bill as passed by this House,
which is for $100,000,000 more of currency.
That is why I do not want to concur.
Mr. STE VENS. The gentleman from Iowa
has so clearly stated this matter that it is hardly
worthwhile to repeat it. There are $100,000,-
000 legal-tender notes out to-day bearing six
per cent, interest. That all admit. What do
we propose? We propose, in lieu of that
$100,0000,000 legal-tender notes, bearing six
per cent, interest, to issue $100,000,000 of
greenbacks, bearing no interest, to take the
other up. And yet there are wise men about
here who say that is inflation—wise men, who
do not see that we save nearly six millions
by it.
I cannot understand the gentleman's logic.
1 suppose I am obtuse, and will have to go to
night-school to learn ; but according to my pres-
ent benighted ideas the objection made is the
most absurd thing in the world. We are now
retiring $48,000,000 a year, and when you pass
the House bill you leave that contraction of
$4,000,000 a month still to go on. Some gentle-
men seem to wish to create this notion of infla-
tion for the benefit of the speculators. The
House passed on this the other day, and it
then decided by the yeas and nays, in the most
emphatic manner, in favor of the proposition
I advocate. I do not suppose, like a set of
whipped school-boys, we are to change now
and vote the other way.
Mr. PRICE. I now yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. CONKLING. The gentleman from Ohio
allows me a moment of his time. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania does not understand :
he says that when you take up $100,000,000
of loan or investment and issue in its place
$100,000,000 of money to circulate you inflate
the currency. Everybody else in this House
will understand that when you take up securi-
ties bearing interest, held and hoarded in the '
vaults of the banks, $100,000,000 of loan, and
put into circulation $100,000,000 of money, you '
do inflate the currency. I am obliged to the
gentleman from Ohio for his courtesy, and will
not trespass further on his time.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, in one hour
this House will dispose of one of the most
important measures of the session next to
reconstruction, and I wish to say to the distin-
guished and venerable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] that I am willing to
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 105.
go to his school and learn of him, but I appeal
from his teachings of to-day to his teachings of
three years ago.
When the bill was brought forward in the
House in 1852, the gentleman is recorded in
the Globe as opening his speech as follows:
"Mr. Speaker, this bill is a matter of necessity ami
not of choice. I hope this issue of $150,000,000 will
bo tho last. I would bo grieved to see any further
expansion of the currency."
That was in the early spring of 1862, when
but $60,000,000 of United States notes had
been issued, and when he was proposing to
issue $150,000,000 more. That $150,000,000
was issued, and $100,000,000 more, and $400,-
000,000 more, deluge on deluge, until the
enormous total has swelled to $1,100,000,000!
It is now nearly $900,000,000, and yet the gen-
j tleman talks of wanting more. I know of notli-
i ing which better illustrates the mania for paper
1 money than the " Rum Maniac," as portrayed
by Dr. Nott. The poor victim whom rum had
ruined in family and property was in the mad-
house, and in his insane ravings called on all
the friends of his early years to save him ; but
the refrain of every prayer was—
" Will no one pity, no one come?
Oh give me rum, oh give me rum."
No one came to satisfy his burning thirst, but
at last in his delirium he saw amid the flames
of hell seething cauldrons of fiery rum, and
springing forward, shouted with exultation :
" Open your gates, I come, I come 1
In hell they never want for rum."
[Laughter.]
The vast volume of irredeemable paper money
now afloat has played the chief part in disturb-
ing all the normal relations of business. Busi-
ness men and legislators have taken paper
money in such overwhelming doses that they
are crazed, and like the lotus-eaters wish to
return no more to solid values. Forgetting the
past, forgetting their own teachings, their votes
and their records of a year ago, they join in
the crazy cry, '' Paper money," " Oh, give us
more paper money!''
Why, sir, at the last session but six members
of the House wefe found to vote against a reso-
lution that we ought to return to specie pay-
ments, and to do it we must contract the cur-
rency. That was the almost unanimous opinion
of tnis House at the beginning of the last ses-
sion. We commenced the work of contraction
cautiously and slowly, but when these gentle-
men found it pressed them only a little they
cry out like the maniac: "Press us no more
" give us more paper money." A man's hand
is hopelessly shattered ; it must be amputated
or he dies ; but the moment the surgeon's knife
touches the skin he blubbers like a boy, and
cries " Don't cut it; take away the knife; the
natural laws of circulation will amputate it by
and by." Yes, gangrene and death will soon
settle the difficulty and save him from the hurt
of the knife.
I hope this House will resist the clamor on
this subject and struggle to prevent the evil
that has always followed inflation, and return by
steady degrees toward resumption of specie
payment, not rapidly, not suddenly, but by a
steady, courageous process of contracting the
volume of the currency. *
From 1834 to 1861 the average amount of
paper currency in this country was but $134,-
000,000. Itis to-day seven times as much, and
yet gentlemen ask for more. In 1861, under a
system of free banking in many of the States,
when hundreds of banks were struggling to
push their paper into circulation, they could
not get the people to use more than $202,-
000,000 of paper money; but gentlemen are
courageous enough to affirm that $900,000,000
are not now enough. Eighty million dollars
of compound-interest notes have been used as
bank reserves without authority of law, and it
is proposed to legalize that amount of inflation
and $20,000,000 more.
[Here tho hammer fell.]
Mr. PRICE. I yield two minutes to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Pomeroy.]
Mr. POMEROY. I wish simply to say to the
members of the House that I propose to deal
with this question as a simple practical busi-
ness question, laying aside all theories in regard
to gold and paper money. The House very well
understands that I am desirous of the most rapid
possible contraction toward a specie basis;
and yet I have not favored and have not been
disposed to favor, during this session of Con-
gress, any measure which looked toward any
greater contraction than has already been pro-
vided by preexisting law. But we are brought
to face this practical question: there were
issued of these interest-bearing greenbacks
$150,000,000, with the expectation that after
the interest had accumulated upon them to
some extent they would cease to float as cur-
rency in the country. That expected result
was attained ; that paper soon ceased to be-
come a part of the circulation of the country.
One hundred millions of it are now held by
the banks as their reserve fund or otherwise,
on which the Government is paying interest at
six per cent, compounded. A large part of that
paper is falling due this current year. ' What-
ever power the Secretary of the Treasury may
have, and I agree fully with my colleague on
that subject, I understand that he requires fur-
ther legislation by Congress before issuing loan
certificates or certificates of indebtedness.
Now, then, I appeal to the candor and good
sense of this House to sustain me in saying that
neither the Thirty-Ninth nor the Fortieth Con-
gress will authorize the issue of one dollar
more of greenback currency. That is a fact,
and we must look at it as such. I do not
care whether men are in favor of expansion
or contraction, more greenback currency can-
not be had. The gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia knows as well as I do that neither this Con-
gress nor the next will issue another dollar.
Now, what is to be the result? If this bill
of the Senate is defeated the Secretary of the
Treasury must pay off these interest-bearing
notes which are now held by the banks as a
reserve, and the banks must make the reserve
good by withdrawing from circulation legal
tenders to supply their place ; so that instead
of an expansion there will come a contraction
within a year that will make the bones of
business crack.
Now, I for one desire to be relieved from
the responsibility of all this. I repeat, I am
for contraction, for the fastest possible con-
traction, and I have favored this bill of the
Senate because I wish there might be con-
traction no faster than the business interests
of the country can stand with safety. But if, in
this struggle for further expansion, this bill is
defeated, then no legislation can be had in
regard to this matter, then there must come
contraction ; and let the responsibility rest
with those who claim to be in favor of expan-
sion, and not with us who claim to be in favor
of an honest, fair, moderate contraction.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Price] is still entitled to the floor.
Mr. PRICE. I yield three minutes to the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Lynch.]
Mr. LYNCH. I do not propose to go into
a discussion of this question in the three min-
utes allowed me; but I wish simply to say that
the bill now before us is substantially the same
that was voted down the other day in this
House, or rather that for which the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] was substituted. That bill went
back to the Senate, and they returned to us
precisely the same bill; and now upon that
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Price] pro-
poses to have a committee of conference.
Now, sir, I have no sort of confidence in
any favorable result from a committee of
conference upon this bill at this time ; and if
the House vote down that proposition, as I
hope they will, I shall move, as I attempted
to move when the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Price] was on the floor, to lay this whole
matter on the table.
The compound-interest notes for which this
bill proposes to provide will not mature
