1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1667
Hart, Henderson, Hotchbiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Edwin N. Hubbell, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd, In-
gersoll, Jones. Marston, McCullougli, McIndne.Moul-
ton, Plielps, Plants. Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Ray-
mond, Alexander 11. Rice, John H. Rice, Ritter, Rog-
ers, Rousseau, Stilwell, Strouse, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Rob-
ert T. Van Horn, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D.
Washburn, and Winfield—51.
So the House refused to concur in the amend-
ment of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the motion that the House non-concur and
ask the appointment of a committee of con-
ference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
statue of general winfielltscott.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendments to joint resolution
(H. R. No. 205) for the erection of an eques-
trian statue to the memory of Brevet Lieutenant
General Winfield Scott.
The amendments were read, as follows:
After the word " hereby" in line one, page 1, insert
" authorized and."
In line two, page 1, strike out "and authorized."
Strike out all after the word "placed" in line six,
page 1, and insert "on Franklin Square, in the eity
of Washington, or such other place in the said eity
as the Secretary of War may designate."
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the House
concur.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (H. R. No. 1173) entitled "An act
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1868, and for other purposes," with
amendments, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
And then, on motion of Mr. CONKLING,
(at ten o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m)
the House adjourned.
petition.
The following petition was presented under tho
rule, and referred to the appropriate committee:
By Mr. CULLOM: Thejetition of numerous citi-
zens of McLean county, Illinois, asking Congress to
stop by proper legislation the further contraction of
the currency.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 21, 1867.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
credentials.
Mr. YATES presented the credentials of
Hon. Lyman Trumbull, elected a Senator by
the Legislature of the State of Illinois for the
tern of six years commencing on the 4th day
of March, 1867 ; which were read and ordered
to be filed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented resolutions of the
Soldiers' andSailors' UnionofWashingtoneity,
District of Columbia, remonstrating against
the passage of any bounty act which shall
deduct the amount of State, county, or other
local bounties from the Government allow-
ance, which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
North Carolina, remonstrating against the ex-
clusion from the bounty of the Government of
that class of soldiers who served in the Union
armies and had previously been connected with
the armies of the rebellion; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. YATES presented a petition of soldiers
of Illinois regiments, praying that a bounty of
eight and one third dollars per month may be
allowed to all soldiers who served in the Union
Army during the late rebellion, for the time
they served, deducting the amount of bounty
1 already received; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
Sylvanus Blodget, a soldier of the war of 1812,
praying for an increase of pension ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to present a
petition from citizens of Doniphan county,
Kansas. I do not know why it is sent to me
unless it is that I am from one of the States to
be benefited by the change proposed. It is a
petition for reconstructing the boundaries of
I the States. The petitioners suggest that the map
would be very greatly improved by adding to
Rhode Island that portion of Massachusetts
which lies east and south of the island; and
as that part of Massachusetts was all stolen
from Rhode Island originally I think that part
of the proposition is very judicious.
Mr. CONNESS. To whom do they propose
to give the rest of Massachusetts? [Laughter.]
Sir. ANTHONY. They do not interfere
with California, but they request that Dela-
ware shall have all the eastern shore of Mary-
land, and that Maryland shall be compensated
out of Virginia, with a strip of Pennsylvania;
and that Wisconsin shall have the upper penin-
sula of Michigan, which the petitioners think
! would make the map of the United States
more geometrical. I suppose that this petition
ought to go to the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, but I have not entire confidence that
that committee would consider it properly,
and I therefore move that it lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I present a memorial
of citizens of Michigan, remonstrating against
any curtailment of the national currency with
the view of a return to specie payments within
a limited time, and against the passage of any
act requiring the national banks to redeem
their circulation in New York or prohibiting
them from paying or receiving interest on
bank balances. As that subject will not prob-
ably come before any committee at the present
session, I move that this memorial lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to present resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Maine, relative to
the ship-building interest of that State. I will
read them:
Resolved, That this Legislature views with alarm
the depressed and suffering condition of the ship-
building interests of tho State, which condition has
arisen, in a large degree, from the heavy duties im-
posed by Congress upon the foreign materials enter-
ing into the construction of ships, and other burdens
imposed by Government, and which are depriving
our ship-builders of a successful competition with
foreign-built ships, especially with thoso of the British
North American Provinces.
Resolved, That the memorial to Congress, adopted
by tho ship-builders of Maine, assembled in conven-
tion at Augusta on the SOth and 31st days of January
last, in which is set forth the depressed and suffering
condition of the ship-building and ship-owning in-
terests of this State, as having been caused by the
onerous burdens imposed by the Government, and
indicating in what manner relief should be afforded,
should receive from Congress that attention which
the great importance of the interests involved
demands.
Resolved, That our Senators and Representatives
in Congress be requested to use their best efforts to
procure such legislation as will afford to the ship-
builders and ship-owners of Maine that relief which
they so ardently desire.
Resolved, That the Governor be, and is hereby, re-
quested to forward a copy of these resolves, with a
copy of said memorial, to each of the Senators and
Representatives in Congress from this State.
In connection with these resolutions of the
Legislature of Maine, I desire to present to
the Senate the memorial of a committee ap-
pointed by a convention of ship-builders and
ship-owners of Maine. They say:
"Your memorialists are a committee raised for a
specific purpose by a large and intelligent conven-
tion of ship-builders and ship-owners held in Au-
gusta, Maine, January 30,1867.
"The following is theresolve under which they act:
" Resolved, That a committee consisting of Hon.
Samuel Cony, Hon. N. G. Hichborn, Hon. E. W. Stet-
son, Hon. Isaiah Stetson, and Hon. J. P. Morse, be
raised to memorialize Congress and ask that the ship-
building interest of Maine be relieved from the heavy
burdens imposed by Congress upon this important
branch of industry, through a drawback on duties
on all foreign articles entering into the construction
of ships."
I move that these resolutious and the me-
morial be printed dnd referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
donation of certain property to oiiio.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 206) granting certain public property to
the State of Ohio, to report it with an amend-
ment, and as it is very brief I should like to
put it on its passage.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If it gives rise to no
debate I shall not object.
Mr. WILSON. It is very brief, indeed, and
will take no time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the resolution
at this time. Is there any objection?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do notobject if it does
not give rise to debate. It will be remembered
that yesterday morning a very important bill
was under consideration and was laid over in-
formally to take up the reconstruction bill, and
that bill will come up as a matter of course
this morning.
Mr. WILSON. If any debate arises on this
resolution I will not press it. £
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It proposes to donate
the buildings, sheds, furniture, lumber, and
other property, now at Camp Chase, near Co-
lumbus, in the State of Ohio, to the State, to
be used in the erection of the State asylum for
the idiotic.
The Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia reported the joint resolution with an
amendment in line six, to strike out the words
" used in the erection of a State asylum for the
idiotic," and to insert " appropriated by the
State Legislature to the use and benefit of
homes for disabled soldiers."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed
and the joint resolution to be read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
message from tue house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 515) granting a pension to
Mrs. Ernestine Becker;
A bill (S. No. 518) granting a pension to •
Olivia W. Cannon ; and
A bill (S. No. 421) to authorize the con-
struction of a submerged tubular bridge across
the Mississippi river at the city of St. Louis.
pension bills.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolutions, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1068) for the relief of
Mary A. Cross.
A bill (H. R. No. 1153) for the relief of Mrs.
Rachel McClelland;
A bill (H. R. No. 1189) granting arrears of
pension to Sally Allen ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1190) granting a pension
to Mary Fitzpatrick:
A bill (H. R. No. 1191) increasing the pen-
sion of Isabella Fogg;
A bill (H. R. No. 1092) for the relief of
Milton Velzy;
A bill (H. R. No. 1192) granting arrears of
pension to Lewis A. Norton ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1193) for the relief of
Lewis A. Daniel;
