1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
source than the provision of the Constitution to
which I have referred.
The interpretation thus given is, in my judg-
ment, totally unauthorized.- The fatal error
of that interpretation is made manifest by the
use of two phrases in the provision referred to:
first, the phrase "dispose of," and second,
the phrase "other property." The language,
in my view, furnishes under all reasonable
rules of interpretation the most convincing
ground for - the inference that the authority
granted under that clause was intended to
reach no further than to give to the Congress
of' the United States the authority to dispose
of their property, real, personal, and mixed,
and to make all the rules and regulations neces-
sary for the purpose of bringing it into mar-
ket, keeping it, owning it, and disposing of it.
The word "territory" used in that clause of
the Constitution is used in the sense of prop-
erty held by the United States, real property,
not personal; and immediately in connection
with the term '' territory'' occurs the phrase
"other property belonging to the United
States."
Now, I elaborate this point, not for the pur-
pose of combating or changing the uniform
practice of the Government, if I had the power
or influence to do so, in regard to the organi-
zation of governments for the Territories—I
mean for the people inhabiting or occupying
the public domain. Let that matter pass.
Such legislation had its origin in usurpation,
without constitutional authority. But it has
grown into precedent by repeated practice,
and let it stand. But this does not deprive me
and the men of my political school of the right
still to contend and show from the character
of our Government and institutions that the
Government of the United States is legiti-
mately, under the Federal Constitution, a Com-
monwealth of States and States alone; that
its governmental authority has but this extent
and is thus necessarily limited.
Now, when I gain this point, I gain every-
thing. If I make this point clear, then the acts
of this Congress by which you have deprived,
first eleven and now ten States of their right of
representation upon the floor of Congress, are
unauthorized; are in usurpation of the rights
of the States and sanctioned neither by law,
logic, nor sound principle. Even concede that
you have the right to make" territorial govern-
ments—using the word "territorial" because
the government so made is for the people
inhabiting territory belonging to the United
States—suppose you have, does it follow you
have the right to establish political institutions
of government and rule people inhabiting ter-
ritory that does not belong to you? Does it
follow, either in law or reason, that you have
the power or authority to make territorial gov-
ernments, and to rule and control and govern,
through the instrumentality of your President,
Congress, and judges, a people who never were
in any State of the Union; a people who were
never upon the territory of the United States,
but who are entirely beyond any State in the
United States, and outside of the boundary and
jurisdiction, therefore, both of the States and
of the Federal Government?
Why, sir, if you have this authority to govern
people without their being represented here,
suppose you try your hands upon the West
India Islands, Cuba, Jamaica, San Domingo,
and Porto Rico. Suppose you try your hands
upon Mexico and the States of British North
America, and see whether or not you are willing
to pledge yourself not only to sustain your power
over a people not represented, but your ability
to make territorial governments over the whole
of North America, including the adjacent islt.
ands. Now, sir, you have as much authority
to extend territorial governments over the peo-
ple of Cuba, over the States of Mexico, Central
America, and British North America, as you
have of extending a territorial, arbitrary gov-
ernment over the people of the States not rep-
resented.
You do not admit that these States are out
of the Union. If they are out of the Union
then you have no right to govern them. If
they are in the Union then they are in as
States, and as States have a right to their pro-
portion of representation in the Lower House
of Congress and their right to equal represent-
ation upon the floor of the United States Sen-
ate. Otherwise, there is no constitutional
power and authority to govern them; none
whatever.
Now, the school of politicians to which I
belong have nsnally been in a majority in the
Congress of-the United States from its origin
up to the year 1860. It has seldom been the
case until the last six years that there has been
a majority in both branches of Congress of
those politicians of the latitudinarian school,
the school which favors the enlargement of the
powers of the Government contrary to its plain
import. That school has seldom ever been in
a majority in both branches of Congress at the
same time since the origin of the Government.
You succeeded in setting up in the progress of
time some -two or three Administrations of the
Government that held these views and repre-
sented the latitudinarian party, but either one
or the other branch of the American Congress
until within the last six years was against that
party; so that the views I have expressed of the
nature and character of the United States as
being confederate instead of consolidated in
form have been sustained by the American
people from the adoption of the Government
until when you commenced the inauguration
of a military despotism (5ver this country. The
elder Adams, one of our first Presidents, and
Alexander Hamilton, in the Convention were
the founders of one school. Mr. Madison, of
the Federal Convention, and Mr. Jefferson, the
third President, were considered as the found-
ers of the other.
Now I do not find from one distinguished man
of our own political school an expression of opin-
ion on a public theater, where the party could
be held responsible for his views, a deliberate
expression of his opinion, that this is a popular
Government and its powers are coextensive
with the will of existing majorities. You can-
not find it; this is a Government of States; not
only does the history of the times prove it by
showing they were independent sovereign States
before the Government was formed, but it is
proved by the Constitution itself. It was made
by the States. The States were to be repre-
sented equally in the Senate regardless of their
geographical extent, of size, or amount of popu-
lation. The principle was declared and the
mode prescribed in the Constitution itself
whereby the States should be represented in
the lower branches of Congress, but they were
still the representatives of States. The Presi-
dent of the United States was to be selected
by the States. Each and all are required by
the fundamental and irrepealable law, the Con-
stitution of the United States, to select their
representation in the Electoral College for the
purpose of electing a President and Vice Presi-
dent; and if any candidate fail to receive a
majority there then the election comes into this
House, where it is to be decided by States, each
State only having one vote, to be cast by the
majority of its delegation, and a majority of
all the States necessary to a choice.
Not only is it the fact that the machinery
of the Federal Government has been provided
by States; that its functionaries represent the
States ; that it gives to the States the power of
electing the Chief Magistrate; but the Constitu-
tion itself proves most conclusively that the
States were to continue to exist with all their
retained powers in the Federal Union, and that
the ends and purposes for which the Government
of the United States was established could well I
be subserved without interference with the inde-
pendent governmental character of the States.
It was never intended to interfere with the au-
thority and rights of the States as such. They
were to rule themselves within their own bor-
ders to all intents and purposes, so that they
assumed no granted power and exercised none-
prohibited to them. They had the right to
adopt their own criminal and civil codes, to
regulate by their own laws their own internal
concerns in every-particular in regard to crimes
and punishments, civil rights, the transmission
of real estate by purchase or descent, the mode
of distribution of personal estates, the relation*
of husband and wife, parent and child, guardian,
and j^rd, and, if you please, master and slave;
all the duties and obligations pertaining to the
various civil offices, of executors, adruinistra-.
tors, and trustees. All these powers are re-
tained by the States, with the reserved power
to each State for itself to control its own policy
in regard to manufactures, agriculture, and
commerce within its own borders.
Now, look at the character of the Federal
Government. It may raise an army. The
States have no right to ereate armies or raise
troops in time of peace. The Federal Gov-
ernment may build and support a navy. The
States are inhibited from doing it. The Fed-
eral Government may make treaties with for-
eign Powers. The States are prohibited from
doing it, and even from making compacts with
each other. But all authority over their internal
concerns in regard to the rights of property and
of person are retained by the States except so
far as they may be expressly granted to the
Federal Government. The whole object and
purpose was that the Federal Government
should have control of our foreign commerce,
our foreign relations; should have the power
to make war, in conducting which the States
were to unite all their energies and powers;
and should have the authority to coinmoney, to
impose taxes, and to borrow money, &c. It
is easy, were it not for the tendency of ambi-
tious men when in power to magnify and extend
that power beyond its legitimate limit, it is
easy for this Congress and for the Government
of the United States in all its departments to
trace and pursue the plain line of demarkation
or distinction between the powers and juris-
diction of the Federal Government and that
retained by the States. An infallible clue to a
just and true interpretation of the Constitution
of the United States in regard to the powers
thereby granted by the States is to under-
stand the objects and purposes to be promoted
and attained by the Government it creates.
These objects were to make war and peace as
a unit, to control and conduct our foreign
affairs and relations, to regulate our commerce
with foreign Powers, between the States and
the Indian tribes, to keep perpetual free trade
and peace between the States. Let the Gov-
ernment of the Union, in the exercise of its
powers, then, confine itself to the accomplish-
ment of these purposes, carefully avoiding any
invasion of the retained powers of the States,
and the Union may be indefinitely extended
and forever maintained.
Now, there is no more devoted friend and
advocate than I am of the maintenance and
preservation of the present union of the States,
and not only of the States" already included
therein, but of other States that may be here-
after legitimately annexed or admitted into
this Union. I wish to see the Union enlarged
until it shall comprise the whole continent of
North America, distributed and divided into
States, each one reserving to itself and main-
taining the right of controlling its own affairs
within its own limits and exercising its own
reserved rights.
A most important result would be secured
by this union of States. Free trade between
them would be established over the whole con-
tinent, and however much the powers of the
General Government might be prostituted to
embarrass our commerce with the world, and
thus promote sectional aggrandizement and
antagonism, we should have the consolation at
least of knowing that it was beyond the power
of that Government, through its power of indi-
rect taxation or otherwise, ever to disturb free
commercial intercourse or trade between all
the States of the Union.
But you deny that they are States. Well,
