1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
991
railroad and telegraph line to mexico.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, introduced a bill
granting lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraphic line from the city of
Lawrence, in the State of Kansas, to the boand-
ary line between the United States and the
republic of Mexico, in the direction of the
city of Guaymas, on the Gulf of Mexico-; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the select Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
and ordered to be printed.
bridge across the missouri.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, also introduced
a bill to authorize the construction of a bridge
across the Missouri river at Port Leavenworth,
Kansas; which was read a first and second
time, and-referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
wyandott indians.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, also introduced
a bill for the alienation of the lands of the
incompetent class of Wyandott Indians; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
james s. porter.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, intro-
duced a bill for the relief James S. Porter;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
organic act of colorado.
Mr. BR.ADFORD introduced a bill amend-
atory of the organic act of Colorado Territory ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Territories.
survey of tub colorado river.
Mr. BRADFORD also introduced a bill for
completing the survey of the Colorado river ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee 011 Appropriations.
wagon-road in colorado.
Mr. BRADFORD also introduced a bill to
survey and construct a wagon-road from Den-
ver City to Colorado City; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Territories.
equalization of bounties.
Mr. O'NEILL introduced a bill supplement-
ary to an act to equalize bounties, approved
July 28, 18Gt>; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to bo printed.
ira o. robertson.
Mr. FARQUIIAR introduced a joint reso-
lution for the relief of Ira G. Robertson, of
Indiana; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
impeachment of the president.
The call of the States and Territories for
bills and joint resolutions having been con-
cluded, the House resumed the consideration
of the following resolutions offered last Mon-
day by Mr. kelso :
Resolved, That for the purpose of securing the fruits
of the victories gained on the part of the Republic
during the late war, waged by rebels and traitors
against the life of tho nation, and of giving effect to
thewill of the people, as expressed at thepolls during
the late election by majorities numbering in the
aggregate inure than four hundied thousand votes,
it is the imperative duty of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress to take, without delay, such action as will
accomplish the following objects:
1. The impeachment of the officer now exercising
the functions pertaining to the office of tile President
of the United States of America, and his removal
from office upon his conviction in due form, of the
erimes and high misdemeanors of which he is mani-
festly and notoriously guilty, and which render it
unsafe longer to permit him to exercise the powers
he has unlawfully assumed.
, 2. To provide for the faithful and efficient admin-
istration of the executive department within the
limits prescribed by law.
Mr. LOAN.^ On those resolutions I now
move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; the pending question
being upon Mr. Jenckes' motion to refer the
resolutions to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolutions were referred ; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to;
equal suffrage.
Mr. NOELL. I offer the resolutions I send
up to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the
resolutions, as follows:
Resolved. That Governments were made for the
people, and not the people for the Government 
Mr. BLAINE. I rise to a point of order:
and my point of order is that tho gentleman
has already offered one resolution under this
call.
Mr. NOELL. I do not think I have offered
a resolution under this call.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman offered a
resolution in January last: the call has rested
with the State of Missouri since the holidays.
Mr. NOELL. Have I a right to offer the
resolution by a vote of a majority?
The SPEAKER. A majority can give the
gentleman leave to offer the resolution.
Mr. BLAINE. Missouri has held the floor
for resolutions for four Mondays; I think other
States should have % chance to be heard. I do
not know the object of the gentleman's resolu-
tion, but I appeal to him not to insist upon
offering it now, but let. other States be heard.
Mr. NOELL. I do not ask to debate the
resolutions now ; I only ask leave to offer them,
and then let them go over under the rule.
Mr. BLAINE. I will not object to that.
Mr. NOELL. I ask leave merely to submit
the resolutions.
No objection was made.
The resolutions were received and read, as
follows:
Resolved, That Governments were made for the
people, and not the people for the Government; that
every adult citizen of sound mind in any State or
Territory has tho right to a voice in the formation
of the constitution of said State, and in the represent-
ation and laws of said State, and that any State which
disfranchises any class of its citizens on account of
sex is not republican in form and should be over-
turned by Congress.
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of
Columbia is hereby instructed to report to this House
without delay abill so amendfngan actentitled "An
act to regulate the elective franchise in the District
ofColumbia," which passed Congress January 8,1807,
as to abolish the disfranchisement of persons from
voting on account of sex.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary are
instructed to report a bill calling a convention and
authorizing every adult citizen of sound mind in the
State of Massachusetts to vote for delegates to said
convention for the purpose of making a constitution
for said State republican in form.
Mr. NOELL. When I offered the other reso-
lutions I was prevented by objections from the
Other side from explaining my object in pre-
senting them. I desire to debate these resolu-
tions.
The SPEAKER. Tho gentleman rising to
debate the resolutions, they will go over until
next Monday, under the rule.
suffrage in district of columbia.
Mr. FERRY presented joint resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Michigan, com-
mending the action of Congress in passing a
bill abolishing all distinction of color in the
exercise of the elective franchise in the District
of Columbia; which were laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
contraction of the currency.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I^ffer the following
resolutions, upon which I call the previous
question:
Resolved, As tho opinion of this House that the
public interest will not justify a greater curtailment
of the national circulation than $4,000,000 per month,
or $48,000,000 during the year 1867, which $18,000,000
ought not to be exclusive of and in addition to the
compound-interest notes falling out during tho cur-
rent year.
Resolved, That in lieu of such an amount of com-
pound-interest notes as may become due and be re-
deemed within the year, as may be in excess of the
$4,000,000 of cnrrcncy now authorized by law to be
withdrawn from circulation each month, the Secrctay
of the Treasury ought to be authorized and required
to issue United States legal-tender notes without in-
terest.
The question was upon seconding the call for
the previous question.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Will it
be in order to move to refer these resolutions
to the Committee of Ways and Means?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
is not seconded and any member rises to de-
bate the resolutions they will go over under
the rule. If no member rises to debate them,
the motion to refer will be in order.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I hope
the previous question will not be seconded.
Mr. conk Ling. I want to make an appeal
to the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] to
at least allow us to understand these resolu-
tions before we are called upon to vote upon
them.
Mr. LE BLOND. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order
pending the call for the previous question.
Mr. CONKLING. I am not debating the
resolutions; I am appealing to the gentleman
to withdraw his call for the previous question,
and for leave to do that I am not beholden to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Le Blond.]
The SPEAKER. That is in the nature of
debate, and is not in order if objected to by
any member.
Mr. BLAINE. If the previous question is
not seconded will a motion to refer them be
in order?
The SPEAKER. If no member rises to
debate tho resolutions a motion to refer will
then be in order.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That would be
equivalent to killing the resolutions.
Mr. ROSS. I would ask if the resolutions
are susceptible of division if we come to a vote
upon them?
The SPEAKER. There are two separate
resolutions, and a vote can be demanded on
each one of them. *
The question was then taken upon seconding
the call for the previous question ; and upon a
division there were—ayes 45, noes G9.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, called for tellers
upon seconding the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wilson, of
Iowa, and Mr. Le Blond were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 40, noes 76.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. BLAINE. I rise to debate the resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Debate arising the reso-
lution goes over under the rules.
nolding evening sessions.
Mr. KASSON. I offer the following resolu-
tion, on which I demand the previous question:
Resnhed, That on and after to-morrow, and until
otherwise ordered, the House will take a recess daily,
except on Saturdays, from half past four p. m. to
half past seven p. m.; and that on reassembling the
first hour each evening shall be devoted to hearing
and considering reports of committees, under tho
same regulations that now govern the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. As this resolution pro-
poses to change the order of business so as to
have at night proceedings as if in the morning
hour, a two-thirds vote is necessary for its
adoption.
On seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion there were—ayes 40, noes G8.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I rise to debate the
resolution.
Mr. KASSON. I desire to modify the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that,
by the usage, the call for the previous question
not having been seconded, some gentleman
opposed to the call is eutitled to the floor. The
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wextworth,]
who opposed the demand for the previous
question, rises to debate the resolution, and it
goes over under the rule.
Mr. KASSON. Can I not offer another
resolution?
The SPEAKER. Only by consent of a
majority of the House.
