THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
February 4,
WEDOCTIOJJ OP THE CURRENCY, .
Mr. PRICE. I offer the following preamble
and resolutions, on which I deinana the pre-
vious question:
Whereas much embarrassment now prevails in the
country, affecting, injuriously the commercial and
other interests thereof, on account of the uncertainty
,of what may be done by this Congress .affecting the
volume of currency now in circulation: Therefore,
be it
Resolved, (as the opinion of this House,) That any
.greater reduction of tho currency than that already
authorized by law, to wit, $4,000,000 per month,
would not be advisable.
Resolved, -That the said reduction should be so
managed as'to take the amount,so .retired and can-
celed from the interest-bearing notes, and not from
the non-interest-bearing notes.
Resolved, That that part of the eompound-intcrcst
notes which shall fall due durins the next year and
shall not be retired and canceled undcLand by virtue
of the law now authorizing the retirement and can-
cellation of $4,000,000 per month should have their
places supplied by legal-tender notes bearing no
interest.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to a point of order.
My point is that in effect this is the same res-
olution which was introduced by the gentle-
man's colleague, [Mr. Wilson, of Iowa.] I
ask the Speaker to examine it.
Mr. PRICE. Allow me to say to the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Coxelikg] that I
wrote this resolution a month ago, and have
had it lying in my desk ever since. It is not
the resolution introduced by my colleague;
but covers additional ground and has reference
to different points.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide the
point of order raised by the gentleman from
New York. It has been decided repeatedly
that though a resolution totidem verbis the
same as one 011 which the House has already
acted cannot be introduced, yet a proposition
differing in language, although it covers pre-
cisely the same ground, can be entertained.
The Clerk wil^read from page 12 of the Digest.
Tho Clerk read as follows :
"No motion or proposition on a subject different
from that under consideration shall bo admitted
under color of amendment. And no bill or resolu-
tlon shall, at any time, bo amended by annexing
taoroto, or incorporating therewith, any othor bill
or resolution pending before tho House. (Iiulo 48.)
Tho latter clause of this rule, as originally reported
to tho House, contained at the end of it,' nor by any
proportion containing tho substance, in whole or in
Pt.arSrnt nnyo,tllcr bil1 or resolution pending before
the liou.ve. J hose words wore stricken out by tho
llouMo before it would agree to tho rule, by which it
would scorn to havo been docidod that an amendment
containing the substance of another bill or resolu-
tion may be entortained. (Note to rule 48.) Such
too, has been the practice ever since."
Mr. LAWIikNCE, of Ohio. I desire, if it
be in order, to move the following as a substi-
tute for the resolutions of the gentleman from
Iowa:
That tho public, interest demands that thero shall
pot he any reduction m tho amount of the outstand-
ing United states notes, commonly called " green-
backs, during tho current year,
The SPISAKER. No amendment is in order
unless the gentleman from Iowa withdraws the
demand for the previous question,
Mr. PRICE. I insist on the demand.
Mr, WARD, of New York. I desire a di-
vision of the question, so that the vote on these
resolutions may be taken separately.
The SPEAKER. It will be in order to
call for a division after the previous question is
recorded.
_ On seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion there were—ayes 49, noes 71.
Mr. PRICE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Piuce
una CoKKiJXG were appointed.
I he House divided ; and the tellers reported
—•ayes 68. noes 69.
theJl11 e 011 was not seconded.
Mr. WLNIVVORTIJ. I rise to debate these
resolutions.
I lie SPEAIvER. Debate arising, the reso-
lutions go over under the rule.
Mr. G-RINNELL. I offer the following res-
olutions^ on which I demand the previous
question:
Recohed, That the public interest demands that
there shall not, during the current year, be any
reduction m the amount of the outstanding United
States notes commonly called greenbacks.
Resolved, That the Committee;of Ways and Means
be instructed to report such bill as may be necessary
to effect this object.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
51, noes 64.
Mr. GRINNELL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Gkinnell
and Mr. Randall, of Pennsylvania, were ap-
pointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 68, noes 66.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question then recurred, Shall the main
question be now put?
Mr. POMEROY demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the resolution
be laid on the tabla.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 71, nays 82, not voting
37; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley. Ames. Ancona. Baldwin,
JBanks, Baxter, Bergen, Bidwell, Blaine, Boutwcll,
Boyer, Brandegee, Broomall, Campbell, Conkling,
Cooper, Dawes, Deming, Denison, Dixon, Dodge,
Eldridge, Eliot, Finck, Garfield, Glossbronner, Aaron
Harding, Hart, Hawkins, Hise, Hogran, Holmes.
Hooper, Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter, Jenckes.Kas-
son. Kerr, Ketcham, Laflin, George V. Lawrence.
Le Blond, Marvin, McRuer, Moorhead, Morrill, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, Nooll, Patterson, Perham, Pike,
Pomeroy, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Ritter, Ro-
gers, Rollins, Rousseau, Scofield, Shanklin, Spald-
ing, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Trimble, Burt Van Horn
Andrew H.Ward, Hamilton Ward, Wiliarn B. Wash-
burn, Wentworth, and Winfield—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley, Baker, Beaman, Bingham, Blow, Bromwell,
Buckland.Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Defrecs, Donnelly, Dumont,
Eclrtcy, Eggleston, Famsworth, Farquhar, Ferry,
Goodyear, Grinnell, Griswold, Abner C. Harding,
Harris, Hayes, Henderson, Jligby, Hill, Ckestor D.
Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell,
Ingersoll^ Julian, Kelley, Kelso, Koontz, Kuyken-
dall, William Lawrcnce, Lcf'fv/ieh, Loan, Longyear
Lynch, Marshall, Marston, Maynnrd, McClurg, Mc-
Kee, Miller, Morris, Moulton, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Plants, William H, Randall, Ross, Sawyer, Sohenck,
Shellabarger, Sloan, Stovens, Stilwell, Stokes,Thayer,
Francis Thomas, Thornton. Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn. Warner, Henry I).
Washburn, Wolker, Wkaley, Williams, Jaiues 1?.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—82. •
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
Barker, Benjamin, Chanler, Culver. Darling, Davis,
Dawson Delano, Driggs, Hale Hotokkiss, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, James R. Hubbell,
J ones, Latham, McCullough, Melndoe, Mcrcur, My-
ers, Newell, Phelps, Price Radford, Alexander H.
Rice, John H. Rice. Sitgreavcs. Starr, Strouse,
Taber, Nelson Taylor, John L. Thomas, ElihuB.
Washburne, Woodoridge, and Wright—87.
So the House refused to lay the resolutions
on the table.
The question again recurred, Shall the main
questiijn be now put? on which the yeas and
nays had been ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 06, not voting
41; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Allison, Anderson, James M.
Ashley, Baker, Boaman, Bingham, Blow, Bromwell
Buckland.Bundy, ReadorW. Clarke,Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, took, Cullom, Defrees, Delano. Derning, Don-
nelly, Dumont, Eggleston, Famsworth, Farquhar
Jforry, Goodyear, Gnnnell, Griswold, AbnerC. llard-
mg. Harris, Hayes Henderson, Higby, Hill, Chester
D. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Edwin N. ilubbcll,
J?lian' Ke'ley, Kelso,
Koonte, Kuykendall, William Lawrence, Leftwich
Loan, Longyear, Lynch Marshall. Marston,Marvin',
Maynard, McClurg, Melndoe, MeKee, Miller, Morris
Moulton, O Neill Orth, Pamo, Patterson, Plants,
William II. Randall, Ross, Sawyer, Sehonck, Shel-
abarger, Sloan, Stevens, Stilwell, Stokes, Nathaniel
G. taylor, lhayer, Francis Thomas, Thornton, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn,
Warner, Henry p.Washburn, Welker.Whaley, James
wVvSnm p j iI Wilson, and Windom—87.
n •Mtossrt; AHWvA11168' Ancona, Baldwin,
Banks, Baxter, Bergen, Bidwell, Blaine, Boutwcll
Boyer, Brandegee, Broomall, Campbell, Conkling
Cooper, Davis. ,Dawes, Denison. Dixon, Dodge, Eld-
ridge, Eliot, Iinok, Gariield, (xlossbrenner, Aaron
H aiding. Hart, Hise, Hogan. Holmes, Hooper, Hotch-
kiss, Huiburd, Humphrey, Hunter, Jenckes, Ketch-
Meor?,? V.Lawrence, Le Blond, McRuer,
Moorhead, Morrill, A'lblack, Nicholson, Noell, Per-
'-n®' Pom^°X< Samuel J. Randall, Raymond,
Ritter, Rogers, Rollins, Scofield, Shanklin, Spald-
ing, Trimble, Burt Van Horn, Andrew H. Ward,
Md'WinfieW^KS am^- Washburn, Wentworth,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
Barker, Benjamin, Bro.mwell, Bundy, Chanler, Cul-
ver, Darling, Dawson, Driggs, JSckley, Hale, Haw-
kins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Jones,
Kasson, Kerr, Latham, McCullough Mercur, Myers,
Newell, Phelps, Price, Radford, Alexander II. Rice,
John H. Rice, Rousseau, Sitgreaves, Starr, Strouse,
Tabor, Nelson Taylor, John L.Thomas, Elihu E.
Washburne, Williams, Woodbridge, and Wright—41.
So the main question was ordered.
During the vote1,
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER stated his colleague,
Mr. Dawson, was'paired on all questions with
Mr. Myers.
Mr. LONGYEAR stated his colleague, Mr.
Dkiggs, was absent on account of sickness.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
The resolutions were then adopted.
Mr. GRINNELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolutions were adopted*;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to suspend the rules to offer for consideration
the following resolution:
Resolved, That until otherwise ordered the House
will on each day, except Saturday, take a recess from
half past four until half past seven o'clock, for the
transaction of business.
The question being put, there were—ayes
48, noes 68.
Mr. PRICE and Mr, BOLLINS demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not .ordered.
So the rules were not suspended.
KOLL OP HONOR.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. _ I ask unanimous
consent to offer the following joint resolution.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the regular order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the gentle-
man will allow me to offer this. It will not
take any time.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
yield.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, &cThat the thanks of Congress*and of the
country are due, and are hereby teudered, to Hou.
Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War; Major General
•M. C. Meigs, Quartermaster General; and Brevet
.Lieutenant Colonel James M. Moore, Assistant Quar-
termaster, for their ©are in collecting and burying
the loyal and honored dead of the war, and for their
persevering labors in obtaining the names of those
who died, whether of wounds received in battle, dis-
ease, or starvation in rebel prisons, and publishing
them upon the rolls of honor " of the nation.
The joint resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to be engrossed, and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DUTIES ON IMPOKTS.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts allow me to offer a resolution
to go to the Committee on Printing?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
The resolution was accordingly read, as fol-
lows :
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of printing
ior the uso of the House of Representatives the
digest of the statutes of the United Statesprescribinff
tho rates of duties on imports and the cost thereof
including any compensation to the compiler.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing under the law.
POOK OF THE DISTRICT Or COLUMBIA.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts allow me to submit a joint reso-
lution appropriating $25,000 for the relief of
the poor of the District of Columbia?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will,
allow it to be offered.
™r" B-LOND. Let it be reported.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas the extreme severity of the present winter
