228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20>
srir, if a. man will deny a solemn truth staring
Mm right in the face; if a man will deny what
the records of your own Congress prove; if a
man will deny what is plainly stated in the
Goiistitatkm of the United States; if a man
whI deny the fact that Virginia, Georgia, and
the Carolinas were in part the framers of the
Constitution, and that they are members of the
Union created by' that Constitution ; if qgjnan
will deny these things, how can you demon-
strate anytWtfg to him? These States, through
their delegates to the Federal Convention,
assisted;in framing the Constitution, and they,
by their several State conventions, adopted
and ratified it. The other States now denied
their due representation in Congress were each,
%'solemn compacts in the form of reciprocal
aacfirrepealable legislation, passed and adopted
the legislative authorities of both the gov-
ernments of the Union and of the said States,
severally admitted into the Union, where they
stand now and must forever remain unless sev-
ered by a successful revolution.
There are certain truths so palpable and
self-evident that the mere statement of them is
sufficient to prove them. There are certain
mathematical and logical truths that no one
will multiply words in attempting to prove.
Who will attejnpt to prove that two parallel
Straight lines drawn out to an indefinite length
will never meet? Who would attempt to prove
by a demonstration of language that all the
parts of the circumference of afcircle are equi-
distant from the center, or that two straight
lines drawn through the center of a circle at
right angles to each other would divide it into
four equal parts? There are self-evident truths
in logic as in mathematics that need only to
be stated to command assent. I say that these
are States. They were States in the Union,
and bound by the Constitution of the United
States and its laws, nnder the Federal compact.
It was because the people who inhabited these
States attempted forcibly to prevent the Con-
stitution and the laws made in pursuance of it
from being enforced within their borders, that
you made war upon them; you ravaged their
country; you murdered many of their people;
you burned and destroyed their property, and
overrun them with armies that were permitted
more latitude in their operations than, in my
judgment, was ever permitted to armies in any
war ever conducted by a civilized power.
This has been done, and it was done upon
what pretext and for what purpose? It was
to enforce the Constitution and laws upon these
people. The States were attempting to secede
and you said they should not secede. As
States they could not secede. The Constitu-
tion of the United States declares that its pro-
visions and all laws made in pursuance thereof
shall be the supreme law of the land, anything
in the constitution or laws of any State of the
Union to the contrary notwithstanding; thus
making it utterly impossible as a matter of luw
that any State could ever get out of the Union.
No State can get out of the Union by law,
whether in the form of legislative enactment or
by any ordinance or decree of a convention.
Then if they could not get out lawfully, have
they got out in any other way? There is an-
other way by which, perhaps, they might get
out, and that would be by successful revolution,
by their resisting successfully by force the^ en-
forcement of the Constitution and laws of the
United States over them.
If they should succced in resisting the power
attempting to coerce them into the Union they
might get out of the Union and from under the
Constitution, and their getting out might be
acquiesced in. But the revolution attempted
has not succeeded. They have failed to get
out, and being lawfully in all their ordinances
anddecrees, whether by conventions orthrough
their Legislatures, were entire nullities; be-
cause that they are nullities is evident from
the fact that the Constitution of the United
States has made itself and the laws made in
pursuance of it the supreme law of all the
States. If. then, they are not ont by law, how
are they out? And if they are not opt, then
you cannot govern them without their being
represented in Congress. If they are not out,
then the Constitution provides that Virginia,
North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia
shall have certain representation in the First
Congress; and not only that, bat that they
should thereafter be entitled to their propor-
tion of representatives in subsequent Con-
gresses of the United States. The. Constitu-
tion provides for the ascertainment of the
entire number of Representatives, and that
number is to be apportioned among the States
by a given ratio, fhat ratio is to be adopted
by the Congress of the United States, and then
the number of Representatives of each State
being thus ascertained, they have a constitu-
tional right to come in here and be represented,
and you cannot deny that right unless you do
so by a flagrant violation of the Constitution,
which virtually ejects those States from the
Union.
I have stated, sir, and I state again, that
there is no warrant of law for the assumption
and that no jndicial mind can assume for a
moment that any civil act, any act of legisla-
tion, any act in the shape of a decree or ordi-
nance of any public body of the States by which
they •attempted to break their connection with
the other States, was anything but a nullity.
It is especially ordained that the Constitution
and laws of the United States shall be supreme
over every State in the Union. These States
are not out of the Union by law; they are not
out by force. Theirs was an unsuccessful
revolution. And if they are not out by force,
then they are in the Union. The Constitution
is the chart, it is the special power of attorney
under which the States are nnited together.
For, sir, I assimilate this Constitution very much
to a special, as distinguished from a general,
power of attorney. It is special because the
powers of the agents and functionaries of the
Government therein provided for are limited
and defined; and being so limited and de-
fined the power is special, not general. This
power of attorney was signed by all the States
then jn the Union, and it has been signed by
each State that has subsequently come in, and
each agreed with the others that neither shall
ever be deprived of its just representation in
this House and its eqnal representation in the
Senate of the United States.
How, then, is it that you can overthrow the
Constitution and revolutionize this Govern-
ment? You are here as the agents of your
various States; you represent your various
States in this Congress as States. And do
you, gentlemen, representing the great, gigan-
tic, powerful State of New York', admit that a
majority can at any time or under any circum-
stances, while you are willing to remain in the
Union, deprive you, by a resolution of this
body or by an act of Congress, of your repre-
sentation in the Senate and in the House of
Representatives in Congress?
The great States of New York and Pennsyl-
vania, with a ring in the nose of each and cord
attached, led by New England, are giving in
to the long-determined and settled policy of
the North to prevent the extension to the South
and West of representative power in Congress,
and ore being driven on by the party lash, j
wielded and brandished by a Boston junto, ;
who move and inspire the dominant majority |
in both the Senate and House of Represent- j
atives. This deplorable state of things can- j
not last; it is impossible for such patent ■,
and barefaced violations of the Constitution !j
and the laws, of the eternal principles of
right and justice, to last. It must have an
end, and a disastrous end speedily I appre-
hend, if this reckless career is not arrested. I
feel a deep interest and an anxious solicitude
upon this subject, because I want no more rev-
olution. 1 want no more war; I not only want
the States now in the Union to remain there,
but I want all the balance of the continent that
is worth annexing to come in and to have onr
Union to be coextensive with the continent of
North America; not extended by violence and
war, not by force upon the inhabitants of adja-
cent countries, but by Ike legitimate annexa-
tion of new States.
I hold, therefore, thai we ought to look not
only to the present but to the future. Yet yon
are here adopting a system of policy to deprive
these States of their representation in Con-
gress for no higher or nobler purpose than
that of preserving your party predominance.
Nothing else can be at the bottom of it. Hu-
manity cannot prompt it; patriotism cannot in:
spire it; love of the Union and hope of its pres-
ervation cannot possibly justify it: because all
these forbid it Sound patriotism would say;
'' admit the representatives from those States
common humanity and justice would say, "ad-
mit them the test policy and interest of the
whole country would say, "admit them;" the
Constitution and laws imperatively demand
that we should admit them. They are in the
Union and you cannot lawfully put their rep-
resentation out of this House; it is their portion
of the instrumentality and machinery by which
they and other portions of the Union are to be
governed.
Yet, for the mere sake of preserving your
party predominance, and for no other or higher
motive that I can conceive of, you are faying
to do that which is contrary to the best interest
of all sections. In my judgment, yonr course
for exclusion and disunion is against sound
policy, expediency, law, justice, and grossly
violative of the Constitution. I can see no
higher or better motive by which the men are
influenced who do this monstrous wrong—al-
ways giving them credit for ordinary sagacity
—than the mere preservation of their present
party predominance; as though this Govern-
ment was made for the mere preservation of
party ascendency and the promotion of party
interests; as though this Government should
be ruled through its legislative branch by men
other than those of sound patriotism. The
attempt to rule arbitrarily and by military
power, the attempt to exclude States of this
Union from their just share of representation
in Congress, can only proceed from the brains
of mere partisans and politicians, the spawn
and filth produced by the boiling of the polit-
ical caldron and which by a law of fermenta-
tion always arises to the surface. That cal-
dron has been stirred up and boiling for the last
six or seven years, by reason of which inferior
men, unpatriotic men, men who are not sound
statesmen, but mere politicians, have been
foisted into power, and are now ruling through
the dominant party, in such manner and with
such purposes as must inevitably result, if not
cheeked in time, in the destruction of the gov-
ernments of the States, the overthrow of all
the guarantees in our constitutions, State and
Federal, for the preservation of the rights and
liberties of the citizens, and the establishment
of a despotic Government, upheld by a mer-
cenary standing army, and taxing, governing,
and controlling the whole country, regardless
of constitutional restraints.
But why is it you do not want these people
represented? Do you pretend to deny that
those southern States have furnished in time
past some of the most patriotic and illus-
trious men who have taken part in the coun-
cils of the Government. Before and during
the Revolution and since, those States have
sent to our public councils men of the_ highest
patriotism and the soundest public spirit. Are
you afraid of the influence that will be exerted
by the men they will send here, if they be
allowed their constitutional right of representa-
tion in these Falls. The talent, energy, and
virtue of the men they would send here would
be such as to command the respect of the na-
tion and perhaps to influence materially and
wisely the policy of the Government in the
promotion of its best interests, both foreign
and domestic, and for the conservation of
the rights of their own States and the liberties
of their own people.
Again, not only do von refuse to these
