1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1669
Senator that it will lead to 110 discussion. I
desire the Senate to-day to proceed with the
Indian bill that was up yesterday.
Mr. HOWARD. If it leads to discussion it
may be laid aside.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to amend the act
entitled "An act granting the right of way
over, and depot grounds upon, the military
reserve of Fort Gratiot, in the State of Michi-
gan," passed February 7,1859, by inserting in
the last proviso, after the word "wood," the
words "fire-proof;" so that it shall read,
"that all buildings to be erected upon said
reservation shall be of wood or fire-proof."
The bill was reported to the Senate without,
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
taxes erroneously paid by banks.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I am directed by *he
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the petition of Benjamin W. Horn, cashier of
the Providence National Bank, of Providence,
Rhode Island, praying that the amount of cer-
tain taxes alleged to have been erroneously
assessed and paid may be refunded, to report
a recommendation that the further considera-
tion of the petition may be postponed indefi-
nitely.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I am also directed
by the Committee on Finance, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 178)
in relation to national banking associations,
granting them the relief claimed in the petition
which I have just reported, to report it with-
out amendment, and recommend its passage;
and as it is simply to facilitate the business of
the Treasury Department I ask that it may
be considered now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will ask the honor-
able Senator if it is a resolution that will lead
to discussion ?
Mr. VAN WINKLE and Mr. ANTHONY.
None at all.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It provides that in
all cases where a national bank has paid, or
may pay, in excess of what may be or has been
found due from the bank on account of the
duty required to be paid to the Treasurer of
the United States, the bank so having paid or
paying such excess of duty may state an ac-
count therefor, which, on being certified by the
Treasurer of the United States and found cor-
rect by the First Comptroller of the Treasury,
shall be refunded in the ordinary manner by
warrant on the Treasury.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I will state in a very
few words that this is to enable the Treasury
to pay back certain taxes paid into the Treasury
under an erroneous construction of that De-
partment. The courts have acted upon the
subject and pronounced the construction erro-
neous, and this resolution is simply to .enable
.the Treasury Department to pay back taxes
which have been paid in by the national banks
under an erroneous construction of the law.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
ezra b. gordon.
Mr. LANE. There are a couple of pension
bills on the table which have been returned
from the House with amendments. The Com-
mittee on Pensions have examined them and
recommend a concurrence in the amendments
of the House. They are mere verbal amend-
ments, and I hope the Senate wilf concur in
them and let the bills become laws. I ask for
their present consideration. I will first call up
Senate bill No. 602.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 602)
granting a pension to Ezra B. Gordon, which
was to strike out all of the bill after the word
"roll" in line seven, and to insert " subject to
the provisions of the pension laws."
The amendment was concurred in.
patrick meehan.
On motion of Mr. LANE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
513) granting a pension to Patrick Meehan,
which was in lines seven and eight to strike
out the words "at the rate of fifteen dollars
per month," and to insert "subject to the pro-
visions of the pension laws."
The amendment was concurred in.
business of committee on commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will be necessary for
the Committee on Commerce to have one day
to close its business, and I desire to fix a day
for the consideration of business from that
Committee. I move that Saturday next be set
i apart for that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. On Saturday I propose
to call up the Indian appropriation bill, which
has been reported from the Committee on
Finance to-day.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will Monday suit bet-
ter? It will suit me just as well as Saturday.
Mr. SHERMAN. On Saturday I shall call
up the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I
You do not want a whole
am willing to say
Monday.
Mr. CONNESS.
day.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall require one day,
perhaps two days. I vary my motion so as to
name Monday next for the consideration of
business reported by the Committee on Com-
merce.
The motion was agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 619) to confirm certain sales made by the
direct tax commissioners for South Carolina to
persons in the Army, Navy, or Marine corps,
and for other purposes; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 180) to authorize a trial of the
comparative power of resistance of iron-clad
ships and stone fortifications to the fire of
heavy artillery; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
post office address of senators.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate is
hereby directed to furnish to the officiaf publishers
of the Debates in Congress, to be inserted therein at
the close of each session the name and post office
address of each Senator, and of each officer of the
Senate, with a diagram of the Senate Chamber show-
ing the seats of Senators.
clinton bridge.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 965.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 have no objection to
that bill being disposed of if it leads to no de-
bate ; but I suggest that the bill in relation to
Indian affairs was under consideration in the
Senate yesterday and laid aside informally to
dispose of the reconstruction bill, and if the
Senate will allow that bill to come up I shall
have no objection to allowing this bill to come
up informally.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I think this bill will not
lead to any discussion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the Senate
postpone all prior orders and take up Senate
bill No. 204, which was the bill under consid-
eration yesterday morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Iowa is already made.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I hope I shall be allowed
to get this bill up.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. With the understanding
that it will lead to no debate I shall not object;
but if it does I shall move to take up the bill
which was under consideration yesterday.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. If it leads to any ex-
tended debate it can be laid aside.
The motion of Mr. Kirkwood was agreed to;
and the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 905)
declaring Clinton bridge, across the Mississippi
river, at Clinton, in the State of Iowa, a post
route.
It provides that the bridge across the Missis-
sippi river erected by the Albany Bridge Com-
pany, and the Chicago, Iowa, and Nebraska
Railroad Company, under the authority of the
States of Iowa and Illinois, between the towns
of Clinton, Iowa, and Albany, Illinois, shall be
a lawful structure, and shall be recognized and
known as a post route, upon which also no
higher charge shall be made for the transmis-
sion of the mails, troops, and munitions of war
of the United States, than the rate per mile
paid for their transportation over the railroads
or public highways leading to the bridge.
The draw of the bridge is to be opened
promptly upon reasonable signal for the pas-
sage of boats whose construction shall not be
such as to admit of their passage under the per-
manent spans of the bridge, except when trains
are passing over it; but in no case is unneces-
sary delay to occur in opening the draw during
or after the passage of trains.
In case of any litigation hereafter arising from
any alleged obstruction to the free navigation
of the river, the cause may be tried before the
circuit court of the United States of any State
in which anyportion ofthe obstruction or bridge
touches.
The right to alter or amend this act so as to
prevent or remove all material obstructions to
the navigation of the river by the construction
of said bridge is expressly reserved.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads whether this bridge bill
conforms to the other bridge bills on the Mis-
sissippi, or whether it authorizes a bridge of a
different character ?
Mr. RAMSEY. There is a slight difference.
The bridge was built previous to the passage
of the general law of the last session. The
deviation from the rules established by that
law will doubtless be explained by the gentle-
man more particularly in charge of the bill
from the committee.
Mr. HENDERSON. At the last session of
Congress we passed through both Houses a bill
legalizing all the bridges that might be built on
the Mississippi with a span of one hundred and
sixty feet. I understand that the bridge which
is now to be made a post road and legalized
has a span of only one hundred and twenty feet.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. One hundred and
twenty-eight feet. If the gentleman will per-
mit me, there is a report in this case which sets
forth all the particulars and will explain the
bill to Senators better than could be done
by word of mouth. I ask that that report may
be read.
The Secretary read the following report, sub-
mitted by Mr. Van Winkle, from the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads on the
14th instant:
The Committee oil Post Offices and Post Roads, to
whom was referred House bill No. 965, declaring
Clinton bridge, across the Mississippi river, at Clin-
ton, in the State of Iowa, a post route, respectfully
report:
That the object of the said bill is to legalize the
railroad bridge across the Mississippi river at Clin-
ton. Iowa, and to establish the same as a post route
and that the said bridge was constructed at an ex-
penseof nearly half a milliondollars.underauthority
granted by the States of Illinois and Iowa, and was
used for the passage of railroad trains about two
years since, and long before the passage of the act of
Congress approved July 25,1866, prescribing, among
other things, the width of the draws of bridges con-
structed across the said river. The Clinton bndgo
was begun some time after the bridge at Book Island
came into use, and it is evident, from the evidence
before the committee, that in the location and con-
struction of the Clinton bridge everyeffort was made
to avoid the alleged faults of the former structure,
and to create as little obstruction to the navigation
