1670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21
of the river as is compatible with the existence of a
draw-bridge. , ., , ,
Believing, then, that the Clinton bridge was planned
and constructed in good faith, with a due regard to
tho easy approach to, and passage of steamers and
other vessels through its draw with the least possible
detention, and in the absence of any regulation im-
posed by law, the committee directed their attention
to the inquiry whether the said bridge, from its loca-
tion, mode of construction, or the dimensions of its
parte, presents any obstruction to navigation so serious
as to demand its removal or alteration. To determine
this they carefully examined a large mass of written
evidence given under oath, consisting partly of ^po-
sitions taken before the House Committee on Post
Offices, &c., which accompanies this report. But in-
asmuch as General Warren, a distinguished engineer
of the United States Army;, had been detailed by the j
Secretary of War to examine the Upper Mississippi
and report upon the subject of constructing railroad
bridges across it under a law of the last session, and
had made someprogress in thesurvey.thecommittee
called him before them. With the aid of a map of
the site of the bridge and of the course of the river
for some distance above and below, the engineer
detailed the information he h^dacquired on the sub-
ject, which he subsequently condensed into a written
statement, which accompanies this report. It is
Eroper, however, to state that General Warren was
ut one day at the site of the bridge, and this at
nearly the lowest stage of water.
From this statement it appears that "the channel-
way in which the pivot-pier and turning bridge are
placed is not less than forty feet deep, and the cur-
rent does not exceed two miles an hour. The clear
spaces each side of the pivot-pier are on the Iowa
side, one hundred and twenty-eight feet, and one
hundred and nineteen on the other." It will be per-
ceived that these openings are several feet wider
than those of the Rock Island bridge, while it also
appears that at the site of thepiers tho thread of the
current is parallel with them, although for some
thousand feet above the bridge the current follows
the curve of the Iowa shore.
In the course of his letter General Warren specifies
seven principal requirements of a perfect draw-
bridge. He concedes that the Clinton bridge fulfills
fourof these; the remaining three, in which he thinks
it is deficient, are the following:
"1. The open spaces of the draw should be in tho
channel-way at a point where it is permanent at all
times and stages of the water, and both openings
should be available."
" In the Clinton bridge but one draw space is useful.
44 2. The current should not.only be in the direction
of the draw-piers where they are placed, but should
have the same direction from one thousand feet above
the bridge to three hundred feet below at least.
44 This requirement is not met by the Clinton bridge.
<43. Where the steamboat pilot when approaching
the bridge at night could have the bridge and open-
ing clearly defined against the sky or its reflection
on the water surface.
"This is not the case with the Clinton bridge."
These requirements are unquestionably correct in
theory, but the departure from them may be so in-
considerable, or there may be such compensating
features in the case as to render variance from them
hardly worthy of attention. The mass of evidence
before the committee renders it highly probable that
such is the case in the present instance. The com-
mittee, therefore, present the following brief synopsis
of the sworn testimony before them, showing what
has been the actual effect of the bridge upon the
navigation of the river.
In the first place, it appears that there is always a
depth of water of thirty feet and upward in the
main channel, or between the draw-piers, even when
the river is at tho lowest stage: and that whenever
the river rises a few feet it spreads over a large extent
of land, so that the current at, and for some distance
both above and below the bridge, never exceeds the
rate of two miles per hour. These facts certainly
render the approach to and entrance of the draw-
openings much safer and more practicable than they
would be under other conditions, and the slow cur-
rent certainly tends to mitigate all objections that
can be drawn from a want of the above require-
ments.
A record has been kept at tho bridge from the time
of its erection to the close of 1866, embracing a period
of nearly two years, from which it appears that during
that time 1.914 steamboats, 1,211 barges, and 984 raits
passed the bridge. Of the barges, 396 were towed up,
353 were towed down, and 50 were dropped down with
lines. In 1865 there wero76, and in 1866 there were
74 different boats which made the above number
of passages through the bridge. And yet the whole
number of boats and barges that even touched the
piers in passing was only 36. an<i it is believed that
about one half of them did so purposely or for their
own convenience. These numerous passages were
made in all states of wind, weather, and water, and
by night as well as day, and it is not uncommon for
boats, even with barges in tow, to pass through with-
out slacking their speed. The only accident that
occurred in 1866 by which property was injured was
to the steamer Starlight, which, with barges in tow,
passed down without checking her speed on the night
of the 1st of July. At the time some extensive saw-
mills below the bridge were firing up with sawdust
and owing to the state of the atmosphere, the smoke
settled on tho river and obscured the lights of the
bridge. One of the barges struck the pivot-pier
became leaky, and was landed just below the bridge'
Of the eight hundred and sixty-five steamboats
which passed tho bridge in 1866, of which one hun-
dred and forty-three passed during the tight, but two
were detained in consequence of wind and weather.
Each were detained eight hours. All the rest passed
without other delay than that caused by checking
their speed. No accident, except the above-men-
tioned, occurred to any steamboat passing in the
night.
Tho opposition to the bridge is principally made
by the Northern Lino Packet Company of St. Louis.
Their boats, fifteen in number, made five hundred
and thirty-six passages through the bridge in 1866,
but not one of these boats, or any barge towed by
them, was injured or delayed by the bridge during
that year.
Other facts of a similar tendency as evidence could
be cited, but the committee forbear. They believe
what has been stated fully justifies them in recom-
mending, as they do, the passage of tho House bill
on which this report is based without amendment,
particularly as the right is retained by Congress to
alter or amend it at pleasure, thusenablingthatbody
to require such alterations or additional construc-
tions as will obviate all such objections as future
experience may show to exist.
Mr. YAN WINKLE. I call the particular
attention of the Senate to the last remark in
the report and to the last section of the bill.
The committee have reported the bill as it
passed the House, without amendment. The
last section provides that it shall always be in
the power of Congress to alter or amend this
act at their pleasure, so as to require such
alterations to be made in the bridge, or such
constructions, or whatever may be necessary
for the perfect safety of steamboats passing
through it as experience may demonstrate to
be proper or requisite. The report of General
Warren, who was detailed by the Secretary of
War to examine the Upper Mississippi with a
particular view to the location of bridges on
that river and the state of the bridges there, is
among the papers here. He is very careful, as
a scientific man should be unquestionably, in
all his statements. He admits that he had but
one day's time to spend at the bridge, and his
remarks are founded on the observation he
was able to make in that time and upon what
was related to him by others in whom he had
confidence. While he states some seven or
eight requisites which are desirable in order to
make a perfect draw-bridge, he admits that this
bridge is only deficient in three, which are
enumerated in the report.
He lays the most stress upon the fact that
there is a curve in the river running up from
the bridge on the Iowa shore, and that boats
approaching the bridge are necessarily bound
to follow that curve, so that they do not ap-
proach squarely to the opening. While he
admits that the piers stand parallel to the cur-
rent, and that there is every facility there for
passing the bridge without difficulty, he says
that this curve renders the passage not so cer-
tain as it would be if the pilot approaching
the bridge, at the distance of a thousand feet
could look directly through the bridge. The
committee have in their report cited evidence
which convinced them that while that is cor-
rect in theory and while it would be better
perhaps if the bridge stood in such a position
that the daylight could be seen through the
opening from that distance above, yet it has
not proved in practice to be any difficulty at
all. The evidence shows that steamboats with
barges in tow coming down the river, without
slacking their speed, pass under the bridge,
and that there has been no difficulty which
was not occasioned by extraordinary circum-
stances such as it was imposible to avoid; as,
for instance, the boat that is mentioned in the
report and which injured one of her barges by
striking it against the pivot-pier. It was under
peculiar circumstances. There was a lowering
atmosphere at the time and some saw-mills in
the neighborhood—there are very extensive
saw-mills there—lighting their fires with saw-
dust, which makes a dense smoke, and that
smoke settling on the face of the river obscured
the lights of the bridge. It appears also that
two boats have been detained at that bridge
during the year 1866 for the period of eight
hours each, and including that the detention
will not average seven minutes to each boat.
That has been the experience £ft the bridge. A
very correct and full record has been kept of
every boat, the state of the wind and weather,
the height of the river, and other circumstances
of that kind, which enable even unscientific
men, as I suppose most of the committee are,
or at least not experts about bridges, to deter-
mine with a good deal of satisfaction to them-
selves that the bridge does not offer any unu-
sual obstruction or any obstruction that can
be avoided where there is a draw-bridge.
I think the Supreme Court of the United
States have once decided—I forget in what
case—that a draw-bridge properly constructed
was not such an obstruction to navigation as
could be abated. This bridge was built before
the passage of any law of Congress on the
subject of the construction of bridges. The
bridge has been built, the committee are
entirely satisfied, in good faith with a view to
comply with all the requirements of a good
bridge that were possible on.the occasion.
Having had the warning given by the Rock
Island bridge, the piers of which do not stand
parallel to the current, this company went two
miles down the river in order to find a suitable
si^, and were thereby obliged to build a bridge
structure over a larger extent of lowland at an
increased expense. It seems to me, therefore,
the good faith of the company in erecting this
bridge must be entirely evident to every Sen-
ator.
Now, this bridge having been built and in
operation a year or more before Congress
legislated on the subject or prescribed the
width of the draws, before in fact they had
made any requirements, this bridge having
been built in good faith, accommodating the
public as it does in the trains that pass over
it daily, it being proved that it has been well
kept—it being admitted by General Warren
that the draw is opened promptly on all occa-
sions, and that there is very little or no deten-
tion on that account—all these things being
admitted, as they will be by anybody who will
peruse even General Warren's report or ex-
amine the other testimony that is there, the
question is simply this: shall we now compel
the abatement of this bridge or the destruc-
tion of it, you may say, because nothing less
than that could alter what is insuperable from
the structure that has been chosen, and which
appears to be as good a one as can be found
in that part of the country? Shall we put these
people to the expense of rebuilding their
bridge ; or shall we suffer it to remain under
the provisions of this bill, preserving the right
to Congress to require any alterations in it
hereafter that experience may suggest are ne-
cessary? It appears to me that every consid-
eration of duty to our fellow-citizens who are
engaged in this matter and common justice
between man and man require of us, until the
bridge is shown actually to be injurious to the
navigation of the river, to let it remain, pre-
serving the power, as this bill does, to alter it
when we shall think the occasion demands it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
fourth section of the bill by inserting after the
word "amend" in the second line the words
"and repeal;" and in lines two, three, and
four to strike out the words "so as to pre-
vent or remove all material obstructions to the
navigation of said river by the construction of
said Dridgeso that the section will read:
That the right to alter, or amend, and repeal this
act is hereby expressly reserved.
The object of this amendment is to reserve
to Congress the supreme control over the navi-
gation of the river, so that if at anytime here-
after it shall appear necessary for the public
interests to pass any law on tl e subject, even
going to the extent of repealing this whole
authority, we shall have the power to do it. It
is the same provision that was inserted in the
bill of the last session touching the passage of
a railroad over a river, I think at Cleveland,
Ohio, and another touching the passage of
Lake Champlain between Vermont and New
York, near the Canadian border. I think it
a very proper and necessary control which
ought to be reserved over all acts of this
description. I trust the amendment will not
be objected to.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I think the Senator from
Vermont does not precisely view this question
in its proper light. The bills to which he
