996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4;
certain itemsof appropriation to keep up the
defenses of the country on the sea-coast. In
reporting that bill they have left out a number
of items in regard to which my colleague [Mr.
Si'alding] now admits he was mistaken in
supposing they were not estimated for by the
War Department. They were items which
therefore were estimated for, which were
thought by the War Department to be neces-
sary for the comploto defenses of the country.
Finding these items thus omitted from the bill
from the Committee on Appropriations, the
subject was brought to the attention of the
Committee on Military Affairs, and they were
asked to investigate these several items, and
to move their adoption by way of amendment,
or as many of them as the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs might think it expedient to pro-
pose for adoption into this fortification bill,
when it should coma up for consideration here.
The .Committee on Military Affairs, in pur-
suance of this investigation, with the commu-
nication from the War Department before them,
and the (wportunity of obtaining facts from
General Humphreys, the engineer-in-chief,
considered the various propositions to amend
by the insertion of other items and adopted
those, which in the aggregate amount to be-
tween three and four hundred thousand dol-
lars; but objected to reporting, and have in-
structed me not to report, one of the amend-
ments, embracing a proposed expenditure of
$400,000 for defense of the mouth of the Co-
lumbia i-iver. In reference to the mouth of
the Columbia river, tho committee thought
such was the character of the bar there, such
the difficulty of entering it by vessels of any
large draft, that probably a hostile fleet, or an
enemv's vessel, if able to got over the bar,
would be in a more dangerous condition than
anybody on shore would bo from their attack.
The committee may have been mistaken about
this; but our conclusion was not to recom-
mend the tidopition of that largest item. They
were equally ^ in favor of the examination of
these other items; and I am instructed to
move, among the rest, this item in relation to
the defenses of Portland.
Mr. STEVENS. I may bo mistaken, but
my recollection ia that the item now proposed
to be inserted is not embraced in tho estimates
from tho Department.
Mr. SCHliNCK. It is estimated for, and is
one of tho five items which tho Committee on
Military Affairs agreed to recommend. My
colleague [Mr. Spalding] has satisfied him-
self by examination that he was mistaken
in supposing these items were not estimated
for, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] can by an examination of those
estimates.
Now, one word more in reply to my col-
league. He asks if this is a scheme to appro-
priate money for a new system of defenses.
Not so; but it is to make additional defenses
to those which we now have at points where
additional defenses are needed ; to extend the
present system, not to abolish it or substitute
anything for it.
With this explanation of the manner in
which these matters are presented, the con-
clusions of the War Department approving
and recommending to our consideration the
items a^ked for, and of the action of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs upon them—which
was, as the gentleman must bo advised, a dis-
criminating action, for they rejected one por-
tion ot the recommendation and approved the
other- with this ^ explanation I am ready to
submit this question to this committee.
Mr. BLAINE. On page 86 of the official
estimates will be found this among otheritems:
For two additional forts for thedefense of Portland
Harbor, $ioU,Uw.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding]
very kindly corrected the error into which he
fell in that respect.
Mr. SPALUINCr. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I renew the
amendment, I corrected the gentleman from
Ohio when he made the statement before as
my colleague has done now. It is evident that
the gentleman bad not examined the question
very carefully, for he denied on the former
occasion that there were any estimates made
for these fortifications.
I wish simply to say, Mr. Chairman, that
plans and estimates for these works were made
m 1861 by a board of engineers appointed by
the Secretary of War. They found at Portland
harbor three forts—one commenced some ten
years since, the other two being old fortifica-
tions and entirely useless against modern ves-
sels of war with modern armaments. These are
an inner line of fortifications, constructed for
the purpose of'guarding the main channcl to
Portland harbor. But outside of these fortifi-
cations and outside of their range there is a
high island behind which vessels can lie pro-
tected from the range of the old fortifications
and shell not only the vessels in the harbor
but the city itself. The board of engineers
determined therefore that it was necessary to
have other works. A large amount of money
has been expended upon the old fortifications ;
yet they are entirely useless against modern
war vessels unless an outer line of fortifica-
tions be constructed in accordance with the
plan reported at that time. I wish the House
to understand that this is not a now matter
brought forward now for the first time. It is
a part of tho system of fortifications determined
upon in 18G1.
With these remarks, as the matter has already
been fully explained, I leave the question.
Mr. HILL. I desire to inquire of the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Lynch] whether he
knows of any estimates having been made by
competent parties as to the entire cost of these
proposed fortifications. This proposition is to
appropriate $150,000 to begin with. Now, I
would like to know what amount it is going to
take to end this matter; how much we may
expect to appropriate for this purpose before
we get through.
Mr. LYNCH. I cannot answer that ques-
tion. I do not know what is to be the entire
cost of these fortifications. I suppose that
with these, as other fortifications, the engineer
department estimates the amount necessary to
commence them ; and the work goes on from
year to year until completed.
Mr. HILL. Then, for all this House knows,
the erection of these fortifications may involve
an expenditure of five or ten million dollars.
Mr. LYNCII. I suppose that the engineer
department and tho War Department assume
that it is necessary to protect our cities and
harbors, cost whatever it may; that they re-
port in favor of such works as will be effective
for that purpose, the cost being a secondary
consideration. The gentleman, 1 suppose, will
not take the ground that if a fortification is ne-
cessary in order to protect our coast he ought
to vote against it, even if it cost $10,000,000.
I submit that the only question in such a case
as this is whether the work is absolutely neces-
sary ; it is not a question of cost.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Chairman, I desire to say
in reply to tho gentleman from Maine, that I
am not disposed to be niggardly upon the sub-
ject of fortifications; but I do think that before
gentlemen bring in here propositions for the
appropriation of hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars to begin a work, it is due to this House
that they should take some steps to ascertain
what it will probably cost to complete the work.
Mr. LYNCII. I would inform the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Hill] that '' gentlemen':
of this House did not bring this matter here.
It is brought to our attention by the Govern-
ment, within whose charge this matter comes.
It is not proposed by any individual member
of the House, but by a committee acting on the
recommendation of the Secretary of War.
Mr. HILL. I beg leave to say that when I
spoke of "gentlemen bringing in propositions"
I did not mean to make any reflection upon
the gentleman from Maine. I simply meant
to refer to the persons concerned in bringing
this forward, whether members of this House
or connected with any other department of the
'Government.
Mr. PAINE. I will state for the informa-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana and other
members, that one very good reason why no
member of tte committee has presented a state-
ment of the cost of this work is that up to this
time no detailed plan and no estimate of the
expense have been made by the War Depart-
ment itself.
Mr. 'LYNCH, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I senew the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, it seems to me this is an inop-
portune time for us to engage in building forti-
fications upon the sea-coast. I presume there
is less possibility of war now on the part of this
country or any other than at any preceding
period of our history. The events of the past
five years have put the whole civilized world
under bonds to keep the peace toward us. I
do not see there is any neceesity, therefore, in
expending money to complete those works
already begun, much less commencing new
fortifications. Moreover, sir, the art of attack
and defense-has undergone material and im-
portant changes during the last five years, and
it is now undergoing such changes that expend-
itures mads at this time may, in all probability,
be utterly valueless. We cannot lose sight of
the important fact that not a solitary work upon
the southern sea-board, so far as I can recollect,
except Fort Pickens, but was attacked during
the late war with success by one side or the
other. Forts on which we expended money
almost uncounted when attacked by us or the
rebels succumbed. To expend public money
in building other structures like those upon
our sea-board seems to me to be a waste of our
means. Besides, if this particular work is as
important as its friends insist, let us have an
estimate; let us see the magnitude of the work
and the ultimate expense so that we may judge
understandingly. Such estimates can be made.
There is no necessity of passifig this at once. In
former short sessions, when current appropria-
tions only extended to the first of the ensuing
July, there may have been such necessity, but
as the next Congress will commence in time
to pass the appropriation bills for the next fiscal
year, I think we can leave this matter to be
determined by them.
I am opposed to this whole thing, and will,
at the proper time, move that the bill be laid
on the table, so the whole subject may go over
to the next session. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
The amendment was rejected, only twenty-
five voting in the affirmative.
Mr. KASSON. I move in line three to in-
sert the following:
For repairing and enlarging Fort Porter, at Black
Rock, New York, $50,000.
. For Fort Niagara, Niagara river, New York.
$100,000.
For Fort Knox, Penobscot river, Maine,. $75,000.
For Fort Preble, Portland harbor, Maine, 8150,00(\
For Fort MeClary, Portsmouth, New Hampshire,
$100,000.
For Fort Independence, Boston. Massachusetts,
$100,000.
For two furts for tlie defense of Narragansett bay,
Rhode Island, $100,000.
For new battery at Fort Hamilton, KewY ork, $80,000.
For modifications ol Forts LaFay ette and Columbus,
Castle William, South Battery, Fort Wood, and Fort
Gibson, New lork harbor, $300,000.
For purchase and repairs of instruments, $10,000.
Mr. Chairman, these are for works already
commenced. The committee were led to sup-
pose, by a misplacement of the estimates, that
these were for new works, but as they are not
they are now offered.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 27, noes 45 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers ; and appointed Mr. Kasson and Mr.
CoUKLXNG.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 34, noes 05.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BERGEN. I move the following amend-
ment, to come in after line thirty-eight:
For draining Government lands at Fort Hamilton,
New York, $5,000.
