1867.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
1673
will permit me, I will state what I understand
to be the law on the subject.
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. In the Wheeling bridge
case the Supreme Court decided that the bridge
was an obstruction to the navigation of the
river. They did not change that opinion at
any subsequent time ; but after that decision
was given Congress passed an act making the
bridge a post route, and the court then held
that that of itself, notwithstanding the opinion
that the bridge was to come down before the
act was passed, made the bridge a legal struc-
ture and took from Pennsylvania the right
which she had originally to sue and took away
the right which had been consummated by a
judgment in favor of the State directing the
bridge to be taken down. Now, in this case
there are I understand suits already pending
against the bridge company. If you make it a
legal structure now, according to the Wheeling
bridge case those suite necessarily fall. It is
therefore for Congress to decide whether they
will take from a party a right to sue, which he
has attempted to exercise by bringing a suit by
legislation of this kind.
Mr. HOWE. If I remember the case of the
Wheeling bridge, the litigation with which the
act of Congress interfered was a litigation
commenced for the purpose of removing the
bridge as a nuisance, and there was a judgment
of abatement against the bridge. The act of
Congress then intervened anifcleclared it a
legal structure or made it a leganstructure, and
of course when by the authority of the nation
it was declared a legal structure a judgment of
abatement could not be executed. But I ask
the Senator from Maryland if this bill as it
stands now, supposing it to become a law, will
prevent any man who has been injured by the
existence of this bridge from recovering dam-
Mr. JOHNSON. I think it will. If the
honorable member will excuse me for inter-
rupting him, I think the decision was that the
legalizing act related back to the time the
bridge was first built, and therefore exempted
the company from any liability for any acts of
loss or any damages suffered by any person in
the navigation of the river consequent upon
the manner in which the bridge had been origin-
ally constructed. If so, these suits, if there
are any, will fall.
Mr. HOWE. My recollection of the judg-
ment in the case of the Wheeling bridge was
very different from that; that it only affected
the judgment of abatement and affected the
right of no man in the world to damages; and
I cannot conceive that this act would oper-
ate to defeat the suit of any man who may
have sued the bridge company for damages
already sustained or who may hereafter sue for
damages sustained before this act shall become
the law of the land. But suppose there were
a suit pending now for the very purpose of
abating this bridge—I do not know whether
there is or not 
Mr. VAN WINKLE. If the Senator from
Wisconsin will permit me, I understand that
not only are there no suits pending against the
bridge company for damages, but no suit has
ever been brought fof that purpose. The only
suit pending was an injunction commenced by
the Northern Line Packet Company of St.
Louis, to abate the bridge and prevent the use
of it. I think by the law a month's time is
given them to offer their proofs and so on ; but
they failed entirely to do so, and the bill is now
set down as an original bill, and remains upon
the records of the court. Whether they intend
to proceed with it or not I do not know. There
are no suits for damages, and have been none.
Mr. HOWE. Then there is a suit pending
for the abatement of the bridge, and the pur-
pose of this amendment is to leave that suit in
full force.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let us get the evi-
dence under that.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads in both Houses have taken
testimony upon the question whether this was
a material obstruction or not. They have
reported here that it is not a material obstruc-
tion. This company was authorized to build
the bridge by the two States of Iowa and Illi-
nois. They had not any instructions from
either of those States, nor from any law in
the world as to precisely what kind of a bridge
should be built. They put their money in there
at the peril of losing it if they did not build a
bridge which would protect navigation, which
would not furnish reasonable facilities to the
commerce on the river. They have spent
$480,000. The question is whether they shall
be protected in that expenditure. Congress
at the last session, in providing for bridges
elsewhere on the Mississippi, adopted a wider
draw. This bridge has stood there two years.
How it operates upon the commerce is known,
is established by testimony; and now they ask
protection for the capital they have put in it.
It does not seem to me that Congress will use
capital right when it allows it to be destroyed
upon such allegations as are presented here.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope this amend-
ment will be adopted. If it is the purpose of
Congress to adopt a measure of this character,
lessening the width of the draws of the bridges
upon the Mississippi, I surely shall not enter
into any further objection than I did at the
last session. But as was very properly stated
by the Senator from Maryland, if I remember
the Wheeling bridge case aright, this amend-
ment ought to be adopted. Now, a suit it
seems is pending already to abate this bridge ;
a suit instituted by a company, saying that they
are grievously injured by the construction of
the bridge. At the last session we authorized
the construction of bridges with draws of a
hundred and sixty feet. ThePost Office Com-
mittee at this session report to us a bill to
legalize a bridge that has been constructed
under State law, with a draw of a hundred
and twenty-eight feet on one side of the river,
and a draw on the other side of a hundred and
nineteen feet, which is utterly useless, as I
understand from the report. It has been
examined by a competent engineer, General
Warren, and out of the seven requisites of a
draw-bridge, he says this bridge wants three,
and three very important ones. He says:
"1. The open spaces of the draw should bo in the
channel-way at a point where it is permanent at all
times and stages of the water, and both openinKS
should be available.
"In the Clinton bridge but one draw space if
useful.
"2. The current should not only be in the direction
of the draw-piers, where they are placed, but should
have the same direction from one thousand feet above
the bridge to three hundred feet below at least.
"This requirement is not met by the Ciinton
bridge.
"3. Where the steamboat pilot when approaching
tho bridge at night could have the bridge and open-
ing clearly defined against thesky, orits reflection on
the water surface.
" This is not the case with the Clinton bridge."
The chief objection, in my judgment, is the
second point made by the engineer, that the
current is not in the direction of this draw for
the distance above and below that is required,
and thereby the channel may be changed and
thrown under another part of the bridge, and
the present draw rendered utterly useless.
Here we propose to legalize this bridge with a
draw of a hundred and twenty-eight feet, when
we said at the last session that no bridges
should be constructed with a draw of less than
one hundred and sixty feet. That is a material
change. If this be done, why may not Con-
gress at the next session say that another
bridge shall be constructed with a draw of a
hundred feet, and at a subsequent session
eighty feet, at the next session afterward forty
feet; and I suppose that abundance of testi-
mony could be produced that such a bridge
would be no obstruction to navigation. Who
the witnesses are that testified on this matter
before the committee I cannot state; but the
committee undertake to tell us:
"These requirements are unquestionably oorrect in
theory, but the departure from them may be so
inconsiderable, or thero may bo such compensating
features in the case, as to render variance from them
hardly worthy of attention."
Upon what testimony this conclusion is based
I cannot tell. If testimony can be procured to
vary three very essential requisites of a bridge
so as not to interfere with navigation, I appre-
hend that at the next session other very im-
portant requirements may be dispensed with,
and we shall go on getting bridges of narrower
and narrower span until we get them reduced
to the width of forty feet, which is about the
width of the beam, I suppose, of the steamers
that ply upon the river.
j The Senator from Wisconsin says that this
| company have invested $480,000 in building
the bridge. What right had they to bridge a
navigable stream at all except in the mode
and manner pointed out by Congress? In
other cases companies have appealed to Con-
gress to say upon what terms bridges could be
constructed, except in the Rock Island bridge
case, and that bridge has caused the loss of an
i immense amount of property on account of the
want of the second requisite referred to by
General Warren, that the current did not flow
1 on parallel lines with the abutments. I sup-
, pose, however, that in this particular case, as
the water passes through, it may be upon a
, parallel.
1 Mr. VAN WINKLE. Allow me to correct
the Senator. General Warren says expressly
that the piers are in the direct line of the
current.
[ Mr. HENDERSON. Right at that point,
1 but not above and below.
j Mr. VAN WINKLE. Where the curve
' affects it, is one thousand feet above, and he
is of opinion that that could be remedied by a
little cut-off a short way above where it makes
an eddy. But the Senator will permit me to
say now as to what the committee stated in the
passage of the report from which he has read,
that the committee go on to cite only a portion
of the evidence before them to show that there
has been no practical obstruction on the part
of this bridge to boats going through by day
or by night, in all winds and all weathers, with
ii their barges at their sides, without slacking.
The boats of the St. Louis Company made five
hundred and thirty-six passages in one year
without a single one of them touching the
piers. The evidence before the committee
warranted the conclusion that the bridge was
no obstruction. We have evidence also that
while the insurance companies raised their
rates as to boats passing the Rock Island bridge,
they have made no increase of rates as to this
bridge.
Mr. HENDERSON. The committee say in
their report, and now the Senator repeats that
the Northern Line Packet Company that is
making objection to the existence of the bridge,
and that has instituted a suit for the abatement
of the bridge, is a St. Louis company. I should
like to ask the Senator if the testimony before
the committee established that fact ?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Only from its name,
which I understand to be the Northern Packet
Line Company of St. Louis, or something like
that. I think " St. Louis" is a part of tho
name.
Mr. HENDERSON. I can state to the Sen-
ator that if I understand properly the origin
and condition of the company, it is principally
owned in St. Paul. Perhaps the Senator from
Minnesota can enlighten me on that subject.
It is not a St. Louis company; I understand a
large portion of the stock is owned in the
northern towns upon the Mississippi river.
Mr. RAMSEY. I understand that the stock
of the company is almost entirely owned in
the city of St. Louis.
Mr. HENDERSON. That certainly hasnot
been in accordance with my information on
the subject.
Mr. RAMSEY. Much of the stock of the
Northwestern Company is owned in Galena,
Dubuque, and towns further up; but most of
the stock of the Northern Line Packet Com-
pany, as it i3 called, is held in St. Louis.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Let me say to the
Senator from Missouri that in designating it as
a St. Louis company, I had no intention to
cast a slur on that company. My object was
