1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOE1.
mi
Mr. Chairman, there is a large extent of
laud, near Port Hamilton, New York, which
is swampy and unhealthy and ought to be
drained. The State of New York passed
a law for draining low lands at the expense of
the land-holders. I submit it is as just and
proper for the United States to pay for the
drainage of the low lands belonging to it.
These low lands give rise to fever and ague,
and they ought to be drained, if for no other
consideration than the preservation of the
health of the garrison -always kept at Fort
Hamilton.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move now to insert the
other items of which I gave notice. In the
present disposition of the House I will not
divide them, but offer them as a whole :
For commencement of an additional fort for de-
fense of Portsmouth harbor. New Hampshire, in-
cluding purchaso of site, $75,000.
l?pr commencement of a fort on Long Island head,
Boston harbor, $75,000.
For continuation of the sea-wall on Governor's
Island, New York harbor. §100,000.
For commencement or a fort at Point San Jos6,
San Francisco harbor, California, §50,000.
If any gentleman desires a division of the
question he can ask for a vote upon them sepa-
rately. I offer them as one amendment.
Mr. SPALDING. All together.
• The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move an amend-
•ment of a different character, to insert the
following:
For purchase of sites now occupied for tomporary
sea-coast defenses, provided that no sueli purchase
shall be mado except upon the approval of its expe-
diency by the Secretary of War and of the validity
of the title by the Attorney General, $25,000.
It has been developed, in the progress of the
late war for the suppression of the rebellion,
as an existing fact tnat there are several im-
portant points of defense which ought to be in
the possession of the Government. They have
been occupied during the war by earthworks,
temporary structures. Claims for rent for the
use of the premises and for damages have been
sent in against the Government, to pay which
will amount perhaps to as much or more than
would purchase all these sites. It is therefore
proposed by the War Department to have a
small appropriation of $25,000 to enable the
Government to purchase these sites, not with
a view of constructing at those points perma-
nent defenses hereafter in the shape of forts to
be kept up, but to be used, as they have been
heretofore, for the temporary construction of
earthworks in case the necessity should arise
for such defenses hereafter from a war with
another country. There is an item in the bill
for the purchase of sites for permanent sea-
coast defenses which is different from this.
This is a smaller appropriation for the purpose
of securing these sites on favorable terms for
use as mere temporary defenses.
I will send to the Clerk's desk to be read a
communication on this subject made by the
chief of Engineers to the Secretary of War,
inclosed in a letter of the Secretary of War
to myself, which will serve as the only further
explanation that I propose to give on the sub-
ject:
"War Department,
Washington City, February i, 1807.
Sib: I have the honor to send herewith, for the
consideration ot the committee, a communication
from the chief of Engineers of February 2, respect-
ing an appropriation for the purchase of sites now
occupied lor temporary sea-coast dcfonSBS, winch has
the approval of this Department.
Very respoetfully, sir, your obedient servant,
. . EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of VVV(r._
Hon. It. C. Schenck, Chairman of Military Commit-
tee. House of Representatives.
"Engineer Department.
Washington, February 2,1867.
Silt: During the late war quite a number of posi-
tions on our northern coast were taken possession ot
and occupied with batteries of a temporary charac-
ter to cover harbors against apprehended raids of
rebel piivateers and to afford harbors of refuge for
our coasters and other vessels when pursued by the
enemy. As the necessity for the immediato prepa-
ration of these works was of too pressing a character
to permit of delay in negotiating with the owners of
the sites for their purchase or rent, they wero taken
possession of under the authority of the War Ds-
partment without any agreement being enteredinto
with the owners, who now in some instances have
come forward with claims for rent and damages.
It is not proposed, in most of these eases, to replace
these works by permanent fortifications,.but to rely,
in the event of war, upon temporary structures sim-
ilar to those now existing, to bo prepared on the
breaking out of hostilities: and as the same sites will
be again needed it would be economy for the Gov-
ernment to purchase them and thus get rid of all
claims to rent and damages, and at the same time
securo the existing works from being destroyed.
One of tho largest items of the cost of these works
13 the earthen embankment, which, if tho Govern-
ment owned the laud, could be maintained at trifling
expense. I have, thereforo, the honor to recommend
that application bo made to Congress at its prosent
session for an appropriation for tho purchase of such
sites as it may bo desirable, in tho opinion of the
War Department, to retain. Tho exact amount that
will bo needed for tho purchase of theso sites has not
been 'ascertained, but it is believed that $25,000 will
be ample.
Tho form of appropriation might bo as follows:
For purchase of sites now occupied for temporary
sea-coast defenses, provided that no such purchase
shall bo made except upon tho approval of its expe-
diency by the Secretary of War and of tho validity
of the title by tlie Attorney General, 825,000.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. A. UTIMPHllBYS,
Chief of Engineers.
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
Mr. MAYNARD. It seems to me this is an
indirect mode of getting at a number of private
claims. It seems that the Government during
the war found it necessary to take possession
of individual property, and this is a mode by
which they can be paid without getting the
action of Congress directly to pay them. We
are not informed where these sites are or how
much land is expected to be purchased. In
other words, it is throwing the whole matter
over, nominally, to the War Department, but
actually to some subordinate ollicer, who will
dispose of the public money according to his
ideas of what is right between the Government
and the owner of the property. That is a mode
of disposing of tho public money which has
been found to be unsatisfactory heretofore, and
1 would respectfully submit to the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs whether we
had not better have some information before
we make the appropriation. It strikes me this
is <i great deal like buying a pig in a poke.
Mr. SCIIBNCK. The argument presented
by my friend is very ingenious, but it has one
defect: it does not conform to the facts. That I
consider rather fatal to it. He thinks this is a
mode of paying private claimants. They have
asked nothing of the sort. They have not even
offered for sale, nor is it certain that they will
sell this property. But the facts are simply
these, as tiie gentleman would have heard if
he had paid attention to my statement: these
sites ha\ e been taken possession of during tho
wai for the suppression of the rebellion. They
are found to be admirably adapted to the
defense rf the coast in ease of attack. Tem-
porary earthworks have been constructed upon
them. Those earthworks we have no right to
hold. We took possession of the land in a
summary waj', and the land will now revert to
the owners, and these earthworks, some of
which are considerable and important struct-
ures, will necessarily go to decay. They will
be washed down or plowed up and will dis-
appear.
The War Department, inasmuch as they
have found these to be eligible sites for these
works, and as they will bo the same at any
other time when the country is engaged in a
war, proposes to purchaso the sites. The
amount to be paid, as I have already remarked,
will probably be less than the owner would
claim for rent and damages. But the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Maynaf.d] is mis-
taken in supposing that the appropriation is
made for the purpose of paying these claims.
Tlie purchase is recommended because of the
intrinsic value of the sites themselves for the
objects of the Government in making a defense
of the coast.
The gentleman is therefore mistaken, how-
ever ingenious his argument may be, in put-
ting it upon the ground that this appropriation
is designed for the payment of private claims.
Mr. STEVENS. Can the gentleman inform
us wfoere'this property lies?
Mr. SCHENCK. Some of these sites are
on the Delaware river, below Newcastle; som«
on the coast of Maryland, and some farther
north. A number of the most valuable are on
the Delaware river, commanding bends of that
river and the approaches to Philadelphia. It
is not intended that there shall be fortifications
there, and they will probably never be used in
that way. It is simply intended to secure them
for the purposes of defense in some way here-
after by making this purchase and taking care
of the fortifications now constructed, and to
prevent them from being washed away and dis-
appearing, as thoy will if the land passes back
to the owners of the property.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not wish to act-under
a misapprehension of facts, nor do I desire to
do any injustice. Can the gentleman tell us
whether these parties have already received
any compensation?
Mr. SCHENCK. I think not. There were
some cases where the ground was occupied
under a contract either express or implied,
and where the Quartermaster General has set-
tled with the parties; but as a general rule the
claims are still outstanding.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman sup-
pose that theso claims will not at some time be
presented cither* here or at the War Depart-
ment?
Mr. SCHENCK. I think they will; indeed,
I think some of them have been presented
now, but I think this will be a summary way
of getting rid of them. I am willing that the
gentleman shall move an amendment saying
that this payment shall be held..to exclude all
such claims.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think it would be a
vory summary mode of disposing of these
cases. I suppose there are thousands of cases
all over tho country where it has been found
necessary to build forts at very great expense,
and where the necessary land has been taken,
and in some instances where very valuable
houses have been destroyed. And I suspect
that the owners of sucli property, who find
themselves unexpectedly the owners of forts,
will come to the War Department and urge
their claims for damages.
[Here tho hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to what I believe
to be a privileged motion. I move to strike
out the enacting words of tho bill.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in
order in Committee of the Whole ; it must be
made in the House.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I trust the Chair will
reconsider the decision. I understand that a
motion to strike out the enacting clause is
always in order in Committee of the Whole,
and that if it prevail it has the effect of defeat-
ing the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. It can only be made
after the comittec has gone through with the
bill. The committee is now engaged in per-
fecting the bill by claims.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to offer anamend-
ment to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Upon further reflection
the Chair is of opinion that the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield]
to strike out the enacting words of the bill is
in order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will withdraw my mo-
tion long enough to allow tho gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] to offer his amend-
ment.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I suppose the pending
amendment must first be disposed of.
The CHAIRMAN, There is an amendment
already pending, offered by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.] When that amend-
ment shall have been disposed of, the question
will be taken upon the motion to strike out the
enacting words of the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the
amendment by adding §1,000 to the appro-
priation, I do so for the purpose of sayiug in
reply to the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Mats ami] who persists in tho idea that this
is a scheme for paying claimants, that I want
