234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
were returned here with such unprecedented
unanimity, I accepted that as the deliberate
opinion of the great body of the American peo-
ple, and having that indorsement I received it.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I am
happy to find that the action of the gentleman
from Tennessee and myself both accord with
that of the American people in that regard.
Mr. GRINNELL. Iwould ask if the gen-
tleman from Tennessee served in the last Con-
-gress as a member.
mr. MAYNARD. Not in the last Congress.
I did, -however, during a portion of the last
session, being admitted to the inside privileges
just at the close of the session, whereby the
increased pay became due to me and my
colleagues, and could have been taken had we
chosen to do it. I preferred, however, to wait
till the American people had taken action.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The gentle-
man from Tennessee assumes 
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman from Ohio
yield?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I prefer to
go on.
Mr. COBB. For a question?
Mr. LA WREN CE, of Ohio. I would like
to answer some of those that have been asked
already, but I will yield.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman having yielded,
I propose to compromise with him by making
a brief statement.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Proceed.
Mr. COBB. I havenodispositionrto interject
a speech into that of my friend from Ohio, and
it is with some degree of diffidence that I say
anything personal as regards myself or any
other gentleman; but the question having been
asked by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Randall] whether the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] kncwofany member who
had not taken his extra compensation, lest
silenceshould be construed into acquiescence on
my part, especially while the question is being
reiterated to another member, I beg leave to
state that I, for one, having conscientiously
voted against the increase of pay on the morn-
ing of the 28th of July, being of the opinion
that it was wrong and that it would have been
dishonest in me to have voted for it, have drawn
no part of that extra compensation. And I
will add that I will wait a little longer than the
honorable gentleman from Tennessee has done
before I take it; I will wait till this Congress
shall by its action or non-action reiterate, in a
more deliberate manner and by a larger major-
ity than it gave for the proposition to increase
its pay, that it will not reverse its judgment.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Better say a ma-
jority.
Mr. COBB. Well, perhaps, I may compro-
mise on that.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentlemen, I sup-
pose, appeals from the decision of the people
to this body.
Mr. COBB. I cannot refrain from stating
that I very well remember a remark made to
me by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynard] when I gave my vote on that prop-
osition. It was something to this effect: "I
thought you had been a soldier, and yet you
vote against giving them a bounty."
• Sir, in what little effort I made in the can-
vass last fall I found much more difficulty and
embarrassment from the false position that we
were forced into by that action of Congress
than any other. I believe it is not in order
here to say anything about the Senate infixing
the responsibility of that act, but I felt more
humility from the ease with which Copperheads
and "bread-and-butter" men could call us to
account before the people on this subject than
from anything else. And I feel some little
astonishment at the deliberate attempt to re-
peal that clause by a gentleman who admits
that he accepted the extra compensation.
I am requested by several gentlemen around
me, before I take my seat to ask the gentleman
from Ohio whether he has or has not accepted
the extra compensation, and if so, when?
[Laughter.] The gentleman need not answer
the question if it will occasion any embarrass-
ment. [Laughter.] I only wanted to know
for my own satisfaction and that of the gentle-
men around me. [Laughter.] ,
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Chair-
man, this colloquy has interrupted, a little, the
course of my remarks and the argument which
I was endeavoring to make, but it affords me
an opportunity to say some things in a little
different form from what I should have said
them if I had been permitted to proceed with-
out interruption. I will reply somewhat to the
remarks whieh have been made. And first,
the gentleman from Tennessee {Mr. Matkaed]
assumes that the people in the late elections
have sanctioned the bill increasing the com-
pensation of members of Congress.
If that had been the great leading question
submitted to the people in the recent elections
the result which he attempts to deduce from
those elections might be legitimate and proper.
But I undertake to say to the gentleman from
Tennessee and to the members of this com-
mittee that if we had gone to the people upon
this naked question and asked their verdict of
approval upon this bill increasing compensa-
tion we would have been buried ten thousand
fathoms deep, and no man who voted for it ever
would have returned to this Hall. No, sir;
the people in the recent elections gave no ver-
dict upon this bill; but they avoided a verdict
upon it because there was involved in those
elections the great and overshadowing question
whether the people should speak in tones of
thunder their condemnation of that man who,
at the head of the Government, had betrayed
the party which placed him in power and be-
trayed the interests of the people. That was
the question they determined in the recent
elections, and not the question whether this
increase of salaries was proper.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him whether the distinguished leader
to whomhealludes did notespecially make this
issue upon Congress and submit it to the peo-
ple ana ask them to decide upon it. He cer-
tainly was so reported. Surety the gentleman
was so engrossed in his own canvass as not to
observe what was going on in other parts of
the country or that could hardly have escaped
his attention.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The people
paid but very little attention to the questions
which that distinguished individual chose to
submit for their decision. They had before
them the questions which were submitted by
this Congress, and they passed their verdict
upon those questions. I can say further to the
gentleman from Tennessee that there never
has been a bill passed through any Congress
increasing the compensation of its members
which has not been disapproved by the people
of this Country, and this act of July last is not
an exception to this general rule.
And now. Mr. Chairman, one word in reply
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Rakdall,] and the gentleman from Wisconsin,
Mr. Cobb,] both of whom by their questions
seem to be anxious to know if I have received
this additional compeneation.
Mr, RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. That
was not the way I put mv question.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. No, I know
it was not, but I will say that I have received
it; I received a portion of it after I came here
at this session, and a portion of it a few days
prior to that time. I will say further, that no
one member of this House can remedy the evil
of the act of July last, by refusing to receive
his compensation; that is no remedy for the
evil. The evil, if it be one, can only be re-
medied by a repeal of the law.
Mr. DRIGGS. Did the gentleman feel bad
when he received it? [Great laughter.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I hope gentle-
men will not interrupt me without having at
least the courtesy to iuquire through the Chair
if I yield the floor, but I will pay my respects *
to the gentleman from Michigan in a moment.
Mr. DRIGGS. The gentleman will excuse
me. I will not interrupt him again.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I am glad to
be interrupted; but X will pay my respects..to
the gentleman directly. I was proceeding,
however, with another branch of this inquiry.
I remarked that a refusal on the part of one
member to receive the compensation could not
and would not remedy the evil of increased
salary. I say further, that every member of
this House has taken an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States. That Con-
stitution declares that " Senators and Repre-
sentatives shall reeeivea compensation for their
services, to be ascertained by law." When
members have taken an oath to obey that Con-
stitution which so declares, I take it that it is
the duty of a member to accept the provision
which is made by law. And now for the gen-
tleman from Michigan.
Mr. HILL. I would like to ask the gentle-
man a questi^rij.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I prefer to
answer one at a time. I will answer all the
members of the committee, if they will only
give me an opportunity to answer them seri-
atim ; or, if they prefer, I will take them in
gross. The gentleman from Michigan desired
to know if I felt bad when I received the pay.
I do not entirely perceive the pertinency of the
question. It has nothing to do with this other
greater question which I am considering,
whether the increase by the act of July last
was proper. I have no doubt but that the
gentleman felt very good when he received his.
Mr. DRIGGS. I did. [Laughter.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. And I can say
further to the gentleman from Michigan, and
to every other member of this committee, that
if in the recent elections they had gone to the
people upon this naked question, they never
would have had an opportunity of feeling good
by receiving any more of this compensation at
any future session.
Mr. DRIGGS. Will the gentleman allow
me one word ?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Not now; I
want to dispose of these other questions first.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman will
allow me, we have been discussing this matter
in a spirit of pleasantry, and I would like to
say another word in regard to it. We were
called upon to vote upon this proposition to
increase the pay of members of Congress, and
the associated proposition to equalize the
bounties of soldiers. I will venture to say
to the gentleman that if the result of that
vote had been the other way, and the proposi-
tion giving bounty to the soldiers had been
defeated, even the defeat of the other measure
would not have saved from dire condemnation
every man found upon the record voting against
it. And I will say furthermore, that unless this
Congress before it adjourns shall perfect that
measure equalizing the bounties to the sol-
diers, and make it more just and righteous
than it even now is, it will fare jery badly with
some of us who may have occasion hereafter
to go before our military constituents.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I agree en-
tirelywith the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Maxjtard.] And I am glad to find that he
will cooperate with me in an effort to increase
the bounties for soldiers. But if the position
which he assumes is correct, it only proves
that the people demanded bounties for the sol-
diers of the Republic; it does not prove that
they demanded increased compensation for
members of Congress.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
will change one word, and say not '•increased'1
bounties, but "equalized" bounties.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Equalized and
increased both; that is what I am for.
Mr. HILL. Will the gentleman now per-
mit me to ask him a question?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I will; and I
will take up this matter in detail. I am glad
to see that my remarks are meeting with such
general interest and having such an effect.
We seem to be having a sort of class-meeting
here, whieh I hope will be of benefit to some
gentlemen.
