1866.
mn CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBl.
Mr. HILL.. I understood the gentleman to
say—and I .desire to learn if I understood him
correctly—that the clause of t&e Constitution
in relation to the compensation, of members
contains the word "shall;""that it says " Sen-
ators and Representatives shall receive a com-
pensation for their services, to be ascertained
by law," &c.; and that he regards the receiving
compensation as a part of the duty of a mem-
ber, I so understood him; I want to know
whether I understood him correctly.
Mr. LA WRENCE, of Ohio. I read that part
of the Consitution, and stated the fact that each
member was sworn to support the Constitution.
The gentleman can di-aw his own inference.
- Mr. HILL. - Now. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question in reference to a case in point;
the case of the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr; Cobb, ] who declares that he has not drawn
his pay, has not " received his compensation."
I wish to inquire whether his failure to per-
form that duty is such a failure in duty as to
justify the expulsion of the member? [Great
laughter.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I am in favor
of the impeachment of some officers of this
Government, but I will reserve my opinion
upon the question whether a member ought to
be expelled for the reason assigned by the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Hill] until that
question shall arise in a case presented to the
House.
I may say this, however, for the benefit of
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Cobb,]
that he does not remedy the evil, even so far
as he himself is concerned, by refusing to re-
ceive this pay, for it stands to his credit on the
books of the Government and can be drawn by
Ms administrator after his death. The only
mode in which he can make his act effectual is
to draw the money and then pay it back to the
"conscience fund." [Laughter.]
Mr. HILL. May I ask the gentleman if he
has paid his increase of compensation back to
the Government?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I have not,
and I do not intend to, [laughter,] unless this
Congress shall require by law that it shall be
done. If any gentleman will introduce a sep-
arate bill for that purpose and it shall be found
practicable and constitutional I will vote for it,
and if it shall become a law I will comply with
it. And I will say further, that I regard every
proposition to encumber the bill or either of
them which I have introduced by suggestions
of this sort as having but one object; I will not
say it is an improper object—yes, I will say it
is an improper object—to defeat the bills which
I have introduced.
Mr. DRIGGS. Will the gentleman allow
me a word here ?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I will yield,
certainly.
Mr. DRIGGS. The gentleman said a few
moments ago that if the compensation matter
had been made a direct issue before the people
I probably would not have "felt good" by
being returned here. I say to the gentleman
that it was made a direct issue in my district,
and I told the people that I voted for it because
I thought, it was right. I told them that if
$3,000 a year was right before the war, then
$3,000 a year could not be right now, when it
costs twice as much to live as it did before the
war.
And when the gentleman says that the at-
tention of the people was not drawn to this
subject because other and more important
issues were presented to them, and that the
members who voted for this increased com-
pensation were returned upon the otherissues,
I cannot see the force of his statement. Had the
people believed that we were wrong in this re-
spect and therefore desired to rebuke us, tlley
could and doubtless would have selected other
persons who were equally sound upon the im-
portant issues and sent them here as their Rep-
resentatives. My people believed this increase
of pay to be right, and gave me an increased vote
where I met the question fairly and squarely.
Mr. COBB. I wish to avail myself of the
courtesy of the gentleman from Ohio, to put a
question to the. gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Dr.jggs.] ,
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. DRIGGS. Iwillanswerthegentleman.
Mr. COBB. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Michigan whether at the time the vote
was being taken on this bill he did not state
to some member—perhaps his colleague from
the western district of his State, [Mr. Ferry,]
whom I do nof now see in his seat—that this
money could with propriety be drawn and
donated to the use of the selaiersthat mem-
bers could vote for the extra pay, or ought to
vote for it, and give the money to the soldiers?
Mr. DRIGGS. If I understand the gentle-
man's inquiry, he wishes to know whether at
the time this bill was passed I did not intimate
that if our pay was increased the additional
amount could be given or ought to be given to
the soldier's. I will state, in answer to the gen-
tleman, thatl never made any such declaration
here or anywhere else. I voted steadily every
time for the proposition to increase the pay. I
hope this statement is definite enough.
Mr. COBB. "It is definite enough. It dif-
fers, however, from my recollection. I have
not referred to the record of the proceedings
for some time.
Mr. DRIGGS. The gentleman's recollection
is very faulty indeed if he recollects anything
different from what I have stated.
Mr. COBB. I do not mean to impeach the
gentleman's recollection, but my own.
Mr. DRIGGS. Well, I think the gentle-
man's recollection is very faulty. [Laughter.]
Mr._ LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Chair-
man, it may be, as the gentleman from Michi-
gan has stated, that in his particular district
this question was directly submitted to the
people; and if so, he stands all right with his
constituents. In that case I can only say that
the opinion entertained by his constituents is
not the opinion of a majority of the people of
the loyal States.
After this long digression I will now resume
the course of remark which I was pursuing
when interrupted by the question of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall.]
The provision now sought to be repealed
originated in the Senate by way of amendment
to the miscellaneous appropriation bill, (Part
V, Globe, pages 4074,4076,4143,) where it was
agreed to by a vote of 23 to 13, with 14 Sen-
ators absent. (Globe, page 4145.) It was
disagreed to in the House by a vote of 3 yeas
to 114 nays, with 79 members absent. (Globe,
4258.) A committee of conference was ap-
pointed, (Globe, 4223, 4261,) who reported in
favor of agreeing to it, (Globe, 4237, 4280,)
which was rejected in the House by a vote of
yeas 14 to nays 101, with 71 absent. (Globe,
4280.) Another committee of conference was
appointed, (Globe, 424-5,) who for a time disa-
greed, (Globe, 4246, 4247,) but finally reported
in favor of it, (Globe, 4286, 4288,) which was
agreed to in the House by a vote of 61 to 50,
with 85 members absent, (Globe. 4288,) and in
the Senate without any recorded vote, (Globe,
4247,4248.) It was thus finally carried through,
as every member knows, not upon or by virtue
of its own merits, but because it was embraced
in the report of the committee of confcrence,
and coupled with a proposition to give boun-
ties to the Union soldiers, for which in a more
enlarged and liberal form every member of
the Union party in the House had again and
again voted, (Globe, 2827, 4103, 4259,) but
which had been rejected as often by the Sen-
ate, (Globe, 3960, 4223, 4245.) Upon the report
of the committee of conference we could not
reject or vote against the increase of salary
without also voting against the provision as to
bounties, for the Speaker decided, and cor-
rectly, that a report of a committee of confer-
ence was not divisible. (Globe, 4287.)
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. YVill thegentlc-
man allow me to interrupt him a moment just
here in order to make a statement?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Jes. sir.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I desire to say
that when I voted against the report of the
committee of conference at the time of its
adoption in this House I did not believe in
the view advocated then by other gentlemen,
that it was the last opportunity we should have
to obtain a bounty bill for the soldiers. 1
thought there was good reason to expect and
believe that another report could be agreed
upon which should give to the soldiers their
bounty without increasing the pay of mem-
bers. It was with this conviction that I voted
against the bounty and against the increase of
pay. I stated this position to my constituents,
and I received from them an indorsement, as
the gentleman from Michigan did from his
constituents. My majority was quadrupled.
So that the medicine works differently in dif-
ferent places. [Laughter.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I agree with
the gentleman. I think he is entirely correct.
And, Mr. Chairman, I for one would have sat
in this House until the expiration of the Con-
gress, without any adjournment at all, in order
to compel the Senate and this House to vote
more liberal bounties to the soldiers, and to
have kept that question entirely disconnected
from the question of the increase of the pay
of members of Congress.
•In this condition of the question, as I was
about to remark when interrupted, many, per-
haps most of the votes in favor of the bill were
so given solely to secure bounties to the soldiers.
The gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Ferry,]
when the vote was taken defined his position,
equally applicable to others, by saying:
"Steadily and invariably I have voted against an
increase of pay to members of Congress, because I am
opposed to any increase in the present condition of
ourfinances. Three times upon this very proposition
has my vote been recorded against it. Now, it appears
coupled with the increase of bounty to our gallant
soldiers, which X heartily favor, but which X cannot
vote for withont also voting for the increase of con-
gressional pay. The Senate insists upon this increase
at the peril of bounty to our soldiers. There is no
alternative but to vote for both or vote against both."
For myself, I regarded the limited bounty
provided by that bill as totally inadequate, and
much less than justice to our brave soldiers.
I preferred to vote against an increase of sala-
ries in the hope that bounties alike liberal and
just might thereafter be provided for all the
soldiers of the Republic, the "hundred days'
men" of Ohio included.
To accomplish this I will cooperate with my
colleague [Mr. Schexck] who has introduced
a bill to secure that object. And I may add
that because I desire to make the bounties
liberal I will vote against all other bills which
will add to the burdens or taxes of the people,
except in those rare cases where justice or the
public interests imperatively require it. I will
do more than, that; I will go with the com-
mittee on retrenchment and all others in every
measure to reduce all useless expenditures
and diminish extravagant salaries.
Our whole revenue system, with its cumbrous
machinery of assessors, collectors, distillery
inspectors, &c., is exhausting the energies of
the people with salaries, some of which are too
high in comparison with the wages of the
laborers and producers of the. country. The
expenses of collecting the internal revenue for
the last fiscal year, as we learn from the re-
port of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
were as follows:
Assessors' compensation and expenses.... $965,079 09
Assistant assessors' compensation  3,l'6S,961 00
Collectors' compensation and expenses... 2,161,710 14
Superintendents of exports and draw-
back  16.714 00
Rovenue agents  35,155 79
Special agents assigned to this office  17,226 82
Revenue inspectors    121,073 70
Special revenue commission  22.0SG 60
Officers and clerks m tins bureau  277,672 71
Stamps and cotton tags  177,089 55
Other incidental expenses of this office... 40,093 02
Commission on sale of stamps  786.5S6 04
Total $7,689,700 «
This is nearly two and one half per cent, of
the total receipts, exclusive of drawback and
sums refunded as erroneously collected.
I submit to the House statistical tables pre-
pared atthc internal revenue department, show-
