1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
999
Mr. HENDERSON. It should have gone
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WILSON. If that be the case I move
that the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
subject, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs,
Mr. HENDERSON. Let them both be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs
and printed.
ThePRESIDENTpro tempore. That order
will be made if there be no objection.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented two petitions of
officers of the Army and Marine corps of the
United States, praying for an increase of their
pay by restoring the commutation of the Army
ration to fifty cents; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of officers of
the United Stales Army, praying for an increase
of pay ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of the county of Orange, State of New
York, who were formerly enlisted men of the
Ordnance corps, praying that they may be in-
cluded in the act of Congress providing for
additional bounty; which was referred to the
Committee on Military. Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. FOWLER presented the petition of
James Fulton, paymaster United States Navy,
praying to be relieved from all responsibility
for a deficiency in the clothing and small-store
account of the "inspection," discovered in
October, 18G6, the same having been stolen by
the clerk of the i'inspection which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER. I present twenty-eight dif-
ferent petitions from citizens of North Caro-
lina, white and black, in which they ask Con-
gress, by its law-making power, to establish a
loyal civil government in North Carolina; one
that shall be on a thoroughly loyal basis, so that
North Carolina may be restored to her place
in the Union. I ask that these twenty-eight
petitions, numerously signed, be referred to
the joint Committee on Reconstruction.
They were so referred.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present a petition signed
by nearly all the members of the General As-
sembly of the State of Ohio, praying that a
specific duty of one dollar per gallon may be
levied on imported wine. They state at length
the great progress that has been made in the
cultivation of the grape and the manufacture
of wine in the United States, and they claim
that a specific duty such as they propose would
afford a sufficient revenue to the Government
and give a much-needed protection to this new
and valuable branch of American industry, and
that in a short time it would enable the.domes-
tic wine to supersede the foreign article. As
this subject has been disposed of in the Senate
for the present I move that this petition lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
James C. Darragh, formerly second lieutenant
company K, ninth Michigan cavalry volunteers,
praying for an increase of pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a resolution adopted at a
meeting of the manufacturers and others inter-
ested, in the city of Detroit, on the 25th of Jan-
uary, 1867, in favor of a removal of the five
per cent, revenue tax imposed on manufactur-
ers; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a memorial of
citizens of Little Rock, Arkansas, representing-
that a large amount of property in that city
was sold in May, 1865, for the non-payment of
the United States direct tax, and remonstrat-
ing against the passage of any law designed to
remedy the defects in the sale; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
resolutions of michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the following
concurrent resolutions of the Legislature of
Michigan; which were read and ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That the action of the Congress of
the United States in promptly passingovfertho Pres-
ident's veto the bill annulling all distinction on
account of color in the exercise of the elective fran-
chise in the Distriotof Columbia merits and receives
the hearty and unqualified approval of this Legis-
lature.
Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That the Clerk
of this House cause a copy of the foregoing resolu-
tion to be forwarded to each of the Senators and
Representatives in Congress from this State.
reports peom committees.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 509) to amend certain acts in relation to
the Navy, reported it with amendments.
He also, fron) the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 843) for the
relief of Rufus C. Spalding, paymaster in the
United States Navy, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Cincinnatus W.
Harper and Clarence C. Harper, children and
lieirs-at-law of the late John Harper, deceased,
praying for compensation for the use and
occupation of their land by the United States
Government, in the county of Norfolk and
State of Virginia, for hospital and navy-yard
purposes, submitted an adverse report, and
asked to bo discharged from the further con-
sideration of the subject; which was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 003) making appropriations for the pay-
ment of invalid and other pensions of the uni-
ted Stales for the year ending Juno 30, 1868,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. ROSS, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a motion to print
the memorial of the officers and managers of
the National Association for the Relief of Des-
titute Colored Women and Children, praying
for such action as may secure them from loss
in a lawsuit instituted against them by Richard
S. Coxe, and protect them in their pursuits
while carrying out the objects of the associa-
tion, reported in favor of printing the memo-
rial.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Finance, to whom was referred the petition
of Jacob Shavor and Albert C. Corse, praying
for compensation for past use and purchase of
an invention for post-marking and cancellation
of postage stamps on letters-patent by and pat-
ented to Marcus P. Norton, of Troy, New
York, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads;
which was agreed to.
henry e. morse.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
a bill (S. No. 538) for the relief of the widow
and children of Henry E. Morse, to report it
back with a recommendation that it pass, and
as it is a bill making provision for a very des-
titute widow, I ask for its present considera-
tion.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of the
Interior to jjlace the name of Mrs. Marion
W. Morse, widow of Henry E. Morse, Sale a
private of company G, ninth Vermont volun-
teers, on the pension-roll at the rate of eight
dollars per month, to commence September
23, 1863, and also to allow to their minor chil-
dren under sixteen years of age the amount
given by law to the minor children of widows
entitled to pensions.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
btlls introduced.
Mr. DAVIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce^ bill fS. No.
565) authorizing the circuit and district courts
of the United States to remit or mitigate for-
feitures, fines, and disabilities accruing m cer-
tain cases; which was read ftvice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. *
No. 666) to enable States to select swamp and
overflowed lands within their limits, omitted to
be selected under the act of Congress of 28th
September, 1850 ; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the'Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consents abtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 567) to authorize and provide for
the construction of a military and postal road
from. Galveston, in the State of Texas, to Fort
Gibaon, in the Indian Territory, with a branch
to Little Rock, in Arkansas; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad.
trains on the overland route.
Mr. MORRILL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
licsolvcd, That the Secretary of War bo directed to
communieato to the Senate whether any order has
been issued by Lieutenant General Sherman in re-
gard to the protection of trains on the overland routo,
so called, and if so, what.
oiiaklestown navy-yard.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the recent transactions at
the navy-yard at Oharlestown, and especially to as-
certain if, through negligence or design, any ship has
been sent to sea or is now about to be sent to eoa
with rotten planks or timbers, so as to endanger its
safety.
proceeds from cotton sales.
Mr. WILSON" submitted the following reso-
lution j which was considered by unanimous
consent,1-and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury 'he
directed to report for the information of Congress
what amount of money has been received from sales
of cotton or other property turned over to the Treas-
ury Department under the several laws of Congress,
and what disposition has been made of tho same,
whether any of the money has been paid or refunded
to claimants, and if so, tho names of such claimants,
tho amounts severally paid, and under what author-
ity of law and upon what evidence such payments
have boen made.
soldiers' discharge papers.
Mr. KIRKWOOD submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia be instructed to inquire what fur-
ther legislation, if any, is necessary for the relief of
soldiers and sailors who have lost their dischargo
papers, and that said committee have leave to report
by bill.or otherwise.
bills become laws.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. W. G. Moore, his Secretary,
announced that the President had approved and
signed on the 31st of January the following
bills:
A bill (S. No. 16) for the relief of Josiah O.
Armcs ;
A bill (S. No. 253) to incorporate the First
Congregational Society of Washington ;
A bill (S. No. 380) to incorporate tho "Wash-
ington County Horse Railroad Company in the
District of Columbia ;
A bill (S. No. 410) for the relief of Solomon
P. Smith;
A bill (S. No. 446) for the relief of George
W. Fish;
A bill (S. No. 454) for the relief of Matilda
Harmon, of the county of Greene and State
of Tennessee, widow of Jacob Ilarinon ;
A bill (S. No. 455) for the relief of Barbara
Frye, widow of Henry Frye;
A bill (S. No. 470) for the relief of William
A. Hinshaw and Jacob M. Hinshaw, minor
children of Jacob M. Hinshaw, deceased; and
A bill (S. No. 511) for the relief of Mrs.
Mary E. Finney, widow of First Lieutenant
Solon H. Finney, late of the sixth regiment
MirhLgau cavalry.
