1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1675
day, as his own statement showed. In regard
to one of his objections, which is that but one
of these draws can beused, the testimony shows
that the opinion even of an experienced
engineer may be erroneous. As has been stated
to the Senate already, there has been a record
carefully kept of every boat and of every barge
and of every raft that has passed that bridge
during the entire time it has been standing, the
hour of the day or of the night when it passed,
and everything pertaining to its passage ; and
that record shows that the opinion expressed
by General Warren that the west draw cannot
be used is an entire mistake, because nearly or
quite one half the passages that have been
made have been made through that draw.
Mr. HENDERSON. Do I understand the
Senator from Iowa to assert that the engineer,
General Warren, made a mistake about that
matter ?
Mr. KIRKWOOD. He expresses an opinion
in his statement that the draw upon the Iowa
side of the river is not of much benefit to navi-
gation. That, the Senator will find, is one of
the reasons alleged against the bridge. Now,
the record shows as indisputably as any fact
can be shown, that very nearly half the number
of passages under the bridge have been through
that very draw. He was there but a single
day ; and it is a master but of opinion on his
part at most, and that opinion is contrary to
the fact.
The current does pass the ...draws of this
bridge at right-angles. He says so expressly
and clearly and indisputably; but he says
that above the bridge on the right bank, the
Iowa bank, the shore is curving, so that there
is not a straight line of a thousand feet above
the draw, and he thinks that there ought to be
a straight line of a thousand feet above the
draw. Now, in that he may be technically
right; it would not do for me to set up my
opinion against his, of course; but concede that
he is right, how far does the fact that there is
a curve in the bank above practically affect the
question? We have the answer in the record
made during two years.
It seems to me that if we adopt this amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri we might
just as well not pass the bill. If I understand
the effect of this amendment, it, if adopted, |
will make the law mean this: that this is a !
lawful bridge and a post route ; but if the '
courts shall find that it is an obstruction to the ;
river, then it is not a lawful bridge and a post
route. The amendment of the Senator is thus
an entire destruction of the whole intention and
purpose of the bill; and if the desire be to
defeat the bill, it might as well be done directly
as by indirection. If the intention is to defeat
the object of the bill, you may just as well vote
it down as attach to it the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I understand the
legal effect of the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Missouri, it is a defeat of the bill.
The bill without his amendment would not
take away the right of private action for an in-
jury that had been done by this bridge hereto-
fore. If a private party has suffered, and has
a right of action already accrued against this
bridge company, or has commenced a suit for
a private injury, he can maintain that suit not-
withstanding the passage of the law. But the
bill would have the effect to stop a public pros-
ecution against the bridge, au indictment to
abate it as a nuisance, and such is intended to
be its effect. Otherwise, as the Senator from
Iowa says, there would be no object in passing
the law. The declaration of Congress that this
bridge shall be a post road and a lawful struc-
ture will be of no benefit to the parties who
have constructed the bridge, if, notwithstand-
ing this declaration, it may be abated as a
nuisance in the precise way that it could be if
there were no law on the subject. This bridge
was constructed before Congress took action
in relation to the construction of bridges over
the Mississippi river; and hence it is not ob-
noxious to the charge of the Senator from Mis-
souri that it is built in defiance of that law.
A party who should build a bridge hereafter
could not allege the passage of this law to pro-
tect him, because these parties built this bridge
under the authority of the States of Illinois and
Iowa before Congress acted.
This bridge thus constructed is a part of the
great line of railway reaching from the Atlantic
to the Pacific ocean; and let me say to the
Senate that you may place a car on the rail-
roads on the sea-board and it may pass to-day
all the way to the bank of the Missouri river
opposite Omaha, and as soon as the Missouri
shall be bridged, as authority has already been
granted by Congress to bridge it, that car may
pass more than three hundred miles beyond
Omaha on its way to the Pacific ocean. This
bridge is on that great line of travel, the only
line that to-day connects you with the Pacific
railroad which you are constructing, and on
which you are expending millions of money.
Is this connection to be cut and this bridge to
be taken down, although it has been built in
good faith, and has been no obstruction to navi-
gation as the facts prove ; a bridge which, after
a most careful examination by a committee of
this body, has been reported to be no substan-
tial or material interference with the naviga-
tion? Of course any bridge to some extent
would be an interference with the navigation
of the river. The placing of abutments in a
river a mile wide, with a channel twenty feet
wide, if you please, would be some obstruction,
an obstruction to the extent of the space occu-
pied by the abutments.
Now, it does seem to me that this amend-
ment should not be adopted. If it is adopted
it is destructive of the very object which has led
these parties to apply to Congress. If I had
time I would go into this whole question again;
but I know how impatient the Senate is. We
have settled the question that bridges are to be
built, and now when we are pressed for time
I do not feel at liberty to go over the general
ground of discussion which came up in the
Senate a year ago when this whole question
was up, and the Senator from Missouri ex-
pressed his views somewhat at length upon it.
Mr. BROWN. I was not in my seat when
the bill was called up, and did not anticipate
that it would be called up to-day for discussion,
and indeed I have not had access to any of the
testimony that was submitted before the com-
mittee, and therefore am not prepared to dis-
cuss the more material points in connection
with it which have been brought up here for
comment; but I can say that so far as the case
stands the objection to legalizing this construc-
tion has been so fully and so ably presented by
my colleague, and indeed so exhaustively pre-
sented by him, that I do not deem it necessary
to repeat anything that has been said in that
connection, and 1 would not rise now even to
add a remark except it were to enter a protest
in behalf of those I represent against this
action of Congress.
The city of St. Louis, which has been alluded
to here, is not opposed, so far as its interests are
concerned, to the construction of bridges across
the Mississippi. On the contrary, there are
many of its citizens who are now moving in
that direction, and who deem that such struct-
ures are necessary to the development of the
whole western country. But the city of St.
Louis is also a point at which centers the com-
merce of the whole valley, and all the interests
both above and below find their representation
and find their expression at that point, and it
is that expression which has protested against
this structure being legalized. It is not simply
the expression of merchants in the city of St.
Louis, but it is the expression of those who
are connected with that whole commerce up
the Mississippi river who consider this as an
obstruction, and who do not desire to see it
legalized in this manner and at this time.
So far as the act of the last session of Con-
gress is concerned, it seems to me very strange
that the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, which had the subject then under con-
sideration, which reviewed it carefully, and
which came forward and presented limitations
and provisos under which bridges would be
safe across that stream, should now travel back
across its own record and ask us to pass a bill
to legalize a bridge which contravenes in essen-
tial particulars those safeguards which they
presented to us for action and asked us to
approve. I think their own action is the best
answer to the present recommendation.
For my own part, it is known that I have
been favorable to bridging the Mississippi and
all the western streams. I do not participate
in a great deal of the antipathy that is felt by
many to any structures crossing those streams,
whether that antipathy result from local jeal-
ousy or otherwise. I think it is a necessity of
commerce and trade that we should have un-
interrupted communication across that river
at all points where it is practicable to effect it,
and I think that legislation may perhaps be
needed for further assisting in the construction
of bridges even lower down than the city of
St. Louis; but I do desire that in all legislation
of that kind we may as far as practicable
require that the corporations which enjoy this
great privilege shall so construct them as not
to interfere with the rights of others, and espe-
cially with such large interests as are involved
in the commerce of that river. I think that
the amendment which my colleague has offered
touching the question of suits that are already
pending is one eminently proper to be put upon
this bill, and I hope the Senate will concur in it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Henderson.]
Mr. HENDERSON called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken
resulted—yeas 9, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Creswell, Edmunds, Foster,
Henderson, Johnson, McDougall, Nesmith, and Sum-
ner—9.
NAY S—Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, Conness, Doo-
little, Fessenden, Fowler, Hendricks, Howe, Kirk-
wood.Lane, Morgan, Morrill, Poland, Pomeroy, Boss,
Sherman, Sprague, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade,
Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Cowan, Cra-
§in, Davis, Dixon, Fogg, Frelinghuysen, Grimes,
uthrio, Harris, Howard, Norton, Nye, Patterson,
Ramsey, Riddle, Saulsbury, and Stewart—19.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, and read the third time.
Mr. BROWN. I ask for the yeas and hays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken resulted—yeas 30, nays 3 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conness, Cres-
well, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foster, Fowler, H endricks,
Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan, Morrill,
Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Sherman, Spragnc,
Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade,
Willey, Wjlliams, Wilson, and Yates—30.
NAYO—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, and Hender-
son—3.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Cowan, Cragin, Davis,
Dixon, Edmunds, Fogg, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Guth-
rie, Harris, Johnson, McDougall, Nesmith, Norton,
Nye, Patterson, Riddle, and Saulsbury—19.
So the bill was passed.
DRAFTED MEN.
On motion by Mr. WILSON, the Senate
proceeded to consider its amendments to the
bill of the House (H. R. No. 811) for the
relief of certain drafted men, disagreed to by
the House of Representatives; and
On motion by Mr. WILSON,
Retolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on part of the Senate
be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Wilson, Mr. Cowan, and Mr. Nesmith.
EIGHTS OF VOLUNTEERS.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider its amendments to the bill
of the House (H. R. No. 1134) declaring and
fixing the rights of volunteers as a part of the
Army, disagreed to by the House of Represen-
tatives; and,
On motion of Mr. WILSON,
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
