1866.
THE? C (MORESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
But it was shown in the'discmsaioa that the
mileage was then 'the least remunerstiye to
members generally. In the discussion Mr.
Harrison, of Ohio, (afterward President,) said:
"Gentlemen living <ra the sta^e lino, whose votes
had carried the reduction from sine to six-[doUarsfor
every twenty miles,] were perfectly unapprised, he
believed, of the expenses and'Jabors of those who
were obliged to travel Wretched roads'with their own
horses," &c, , - • • .
Only ^ part of the members then enjoyed the
luxury of stage-coachesit was before the pe-
riod .of railways and canals. Now, staging is
almost"ttn&koWri, but railways and ocean, lake,
and riv^r steamers furnish speedy modes of
travel, saving both time and money in compar-
ison with the early modes of reaching the cap-
ital.
But even now, under the reduced mileage of
the act of July last, the California and Oregon
members will receive for a Congress of two
sessions from $5,000 to $6,000, that is, from
$2,500 to $3,000 for each session, while the
actual expense of traveling from Portland,
Oregon, to Washington, by way of Panama,
and return, is less than $800, and requires
about thirty days' time in coming and an equal
time in returning.
Mr. BIDWELL. The gentleman will allow
me to state the amount of my mileage—a little
over $4,600.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The gentleman
from California [Mr. Bidwell] will observe
that that is more than I have stated.
These are only examples of a class by no
means small.
The act of July 13, 1866, allows to Army
" officers traveling under orders where trans-
portation is not furnished in kind," "ten
cents per mile." (Laws of 1865-66, page 93.)
This is an increase on prior rates, and is suffi-
cient alike for Army officers and for members
of Congress.
It is no part of my purpose to disparage the
merits or undervalue the services of my asso-
ciates hero who so faithfully represent the
interests' of the people, of humanity, and justice
in these Halls. I would make no appeal to
prejudice or passion, but only invoke the de-
liberate judgment of this House on measures
which it is a solemn duty to consider with the
utmost candor.
The palpable fact that for almost every office
under the national and State governments there
are generally many applicants with proper qual-
ifications, and with fortunes by no means am-
ple, is conclusive evidence that the common
pursuits of life are rarely ever more remuner-
ative than the rewards of office.
Let us then restore the salary as it was, and
retrench the public burdens in all practicable
ways, and those we^ represent—the tax-payers
of the land—the millions who by honest and
patient toil are earning a support, and seeking
a moderate competency, will greet us with the
welcome salutation, "Well done, good and
faithful servants."
Mr. GRINS'ELL resumed the floor, and
made some remarks which he has withheld for
revision. Before concluding his speech he
yielded to,
Mr. _ASHLEY, of Ohio, who moved that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Welker re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, having had under considera-
tion the state of the Union generally and par-
ticularly the President's annual message, nad
come to no resolution thereon.
MESSAGE i'ROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States was communicated to the
House by Colonel William G. Moore ; also a
message informing the House that the Presi-
dent had approved and signed a bill (H. R.
No. 870) making appropriations and to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year end-
ing June SO, 1867, and for other purposes.
ABEKST OF HON. C. V. CULVER.
The SPEAKER stated that N. G-. Ordway,
the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House of Rep-
resentatives, made a return to its warrant that
he had taken the Hon. C. V. Culver from the
custody of Philander R. Gray, Esq., sheriff of
Venango county, in the State of Pennsylvania,
delivering to him a certified copy of the war-
rant, and that now Mr. Culver was -unre-
strained in his seat as a member of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress.
santa anna.
.The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting, in compliance with the
resolution of the House requesting information
in reference to the attempt of Santa Anna and
Ortega to organize an armed expedition within
the United States for the purpose of overthrow-
ing the national Government of the republic
of Mexico, a report from the Secretary of
State and the papers accompanying it; which
were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
free schools in district of columbia.
The SPEAKER also announced the follow-
ing as the select committee on free schools in
the District of Columbia:
Mr. Stevens of Pennsylvania, Mr. Patter-'
son of New Hampshire, Mr. Welker of Ohio,
Mr. Boutwell of Massachusetts, Mr. Mopl-
toit of Illinois, Mr. Ashley of Nevada, and
Mr. Httbbell of New York.
commissioner 05 indian affairs.
Mr. WINBOM, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
"Whereas by a resolution of the House, adopted on
the 19th instant, the Committee of Indian Affairs,
were instructed to examine into certain acts of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and to report the
result oftheir investigation to the House: Therefore,
lte$olvedt Tth&t for the purposes of said investiga-
tion the said committee are empowered to send for
persons and papers.
printing ordered.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee* on
Printing, reported the following resolution; ,
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
Treasury Department three hundred copies of the
estimates of the appropriations for 1867-8, and two
thousand copies of tue^eport of the Secretary of the
Treasury on the state of the finances, and one hun-
dred and fifty copies of the statement of receipts
and expenditures for the years 1864-5.
confiscated anp "abandoned lands.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the select committee on direct taxes
and confiscated and abandoned lands in the lately
rebellious States be instructed toinquire whether the
registers or receivers of the land offices of any of said
States, have in any manner hindered or obstructed
the execution of the act for the disposal of the public
lands for homestead actual settlement in such States,
approved June 21, 1866, and whether any persons,
white or colored, entitled to the benefits of said act,
have been wrongfully prevented from availing
themselves thereof by any officer or agent of the Gov-
ernment or any person or persons whomsoever; and
that said committee report the facts to this House.
exemption oe timber for ship-building.
Mr. SPALDING, by unanimous consent,
submitted the fallowing resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
exempting from tariff duties timber and lumber for
ship-buildmg. and fire-wood for steamers navigating
the northern lakes and rivers, when imported by the
party using them for such purposes.
bartholomew agricultural society.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of the Bartholomew
County Agricultural Society; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
navy department advertising.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent to introduce the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of tho Xuvyhe, and !
is, directed to report to this liou^e at as early a day
as practicable the names of the newspapers the
proprietors of which are authorized or employed to
publish advertisements' 'or to do other minting for
the Navy Department, or any agent or officer thereof.
Also, whether any and what directions he has given,
or orders he has made, during the present year, with-
drawing advertising or other printing from news-
papers, and u any, from what newspapers, and the
reason therefor in the case of each newspaper. Also,
if any such advertising or printing has been given or
directed to be given to newspapers not hafing such
advertising or pin ting prior to this year, and if;ser
the reasons m the case of each newspaper for so giv-
ing, or directing' to be given, such advertising or
printing to such newspapers respectively.
Objection was made.
equalization os" bounties.
On motion of Mr. JULIAN, 'the bill intro-
duced by him for the equalization of bounties
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moyed that the
House adjourn.
The motion was agreed t®; and thereupon
(at twenty minutes before-four o'clock p. in.)
the Speaker, in pursuance of the concurrent
resolution of both Houses, declared the House
adjourned until Thursday the 3d of January
next.
• petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented uader
the rules, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. 1>RIGGS: The petition of D. L. Green,
Lewis Green, and 60 others, citizens of Wiota, Isa-
bella county, Michigan, praying Congress to propose
an amendment to the Constitution abolishing all dis-
tinction among citizens on account of race or eoior.
Also, the petition of Rev. Stephen A. Asbury, and
60 others, Union men of Ballas county, Texas, pray 
ing Congress to set aside the illegal government of
that State, and to pass an enabling aet to authorize
Union men to organize civil governments therein
upon the basis of enfranchising loyal men and dis-
franchising rebels.
By Mr. ECKLEY: The petition of J. "Maxwell, and
31 others, citizens of Columbiana county, Ohio, pray-
ing for an amendment of the Constitution of the
United States so as to secure the rights of all citizens
withoutregard to race, caste, or condition,
By Mr. KELLEY: A memorial of 1,260 manufac-
turers and operators, citizens of Manayunk, Phila-
delphia, Pennsylvania, praying for the repeal of the
internal revenue tax levied on all goods manufac-
tured.
Also, resolutions and memorial adopted by the
Southern Republican Association on the 8th of
December, 18&5.
By Mr. O'KEILL: The petition of seamen, fire-
men, coal-passers, and marines, who entered the
service on and after February 15,1861, asking for a
bounty of $100 per annum or 33 per month for each
month's service, all bounties received after July 1,
1861, to be deducted.
By Mr. STOKES: The petition of John Rogers, of
Smith county, Tennessee, for a pension.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 3, 1867.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gkay.
The Journal of Thursday, December 20,
1866, was read and approved.
the revenue laws.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a. letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury, eommunieating a report from Mr.
David A. Wells, special commissioner of the
revenue, together with a bill prepared by him
as a substitute for the customs laws now in
force; which were ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, and by
unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That two thousand additional copies of
the report and five hundred additional copies of the
bill be printed for the use of the Senate.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the memorial
of William Marsh, acting United States consul
at the port of Altona, in the Duchy of Hol-
stein, in Germany, praying for compensation
for services rendered as acting consul at that
port, and that he maybe reimbursed for money
expended for office rent and clerk hire and for
expenses in publishing an emigrant's guide-
book, and that the consul at that poit may be
allowed a salary ; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of jurors sum-
moned and now serving in the circuit and dis-
trict courts of the United States for the east-
