■1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
construe no claim of a loyal citizen could be
paid if his State as a State was declared to
be in rebellion by the President's proclama-
tion. This bill does- not confirm that ruling,
if I _ understand it. They supposed that ex-
cepting from the proclamation declaring a
State to be in insurrection any portion of the
State still left the claimant without remedy,
because the parts excepted were a part of the
State declared to be in rebellion. Now, this
bill provides that claims due to persons that
were residing in a part of a State excepted
from the proclamation of insurrection did not
fall at all within the true meaning of the ori-
ginal act. The Senate, I am sure, are aware
that in the very proclamation referred to spe-
cifically in the amendment of the Judiciary
Committee to this bill various counties in Vir-
ginia were excepted from the operation of the
proclamation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not one that is not in
West Virginia.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes; the whole of West
Virginia; and the Senate will remember that
under the act of 18C1 the President was au-
thorized to declare, not a State in insurrection
merely, but a State if the whole was in insur-
rection, or such part of a State as might be in
insurrection, excluding such parts as he sup-
posed were not in that condition from the scope
of his proclamation; the result of which neces-
sarily was that with reference to such parts
their citizens stood as they would have stood
if there had been no proclamation declaring
the State to be in insurrection. That being the
case, the only question is whether the provision
which I propose to incorporate in this bill does
not stand precisely upon the same ground.
The honorable member tells us that it may
let in a vast variety of claims, which it would
be very difficult for the United States to dis-
prove by disproving the facts upon which they
are to rest, the facts being that those portions
of the State in the military occupation of the
United Slates were so in the military occupa-
tion, and that the parties themselves were loyal.
That applies just as well to the portions of the
States excepted from the proclamation; that
is to say, you are to ascertain \$iat portions of
a State are excepted; and then you are to as-
certain what in point of fact was the condition
of the claimant; was he or was he not loyal;
for it is not to be disguised that in the parts^of
States which were excepted, in West Virginia,
for example, as we heard from my friend, one
of the Senators from West Virginia, [Mr. Wil-
ley,] the other day, there were a great many
of their citizens who were not loyal, but very
disloyal, as I understood him to say, and as I
believe the history of the contest proved. They
aided the rebellion as much as they could.
Now, the amendment which I propose does
nob say that claims of this description which
arise m any portion of a State which at any-
time may have been in the military occupation
of the United States are to be entitled to be
covered by the provisions of the bill, but that
any part of a State which came under the mil-
itary occupation of the United States and so
remained up to the close of the war should
not be included in the provisions of the orig-
inal. bill.
I have said enough to explain the ground
upon which I suppose the amendment ought to
receive the sanction of the Senate, and am very
willing, of course, that the Senate should dis-
pose of it as they may think proper.
Mr. SAULSBURY. However unwisely that
portion of the peojile of the South who desired
a separation from the Federal Union may hare
acted, if this bill becomes a law it will be diffi-
cult to escape the conviction that that portion
of them who adhered to the fortunes of the
Federal Union did not act, more unwisely.
And why do I say so? I say so because this
bill is in contravention of every promise and
ptedge made by the Federal Government to
that portion of the people of the South who
continued their fidelity to the Federal Union.
What was the basis of their duty to the Fed-
eral Union? It was that if thay rendered to
you allegiance you should afford to them pro-
tection ; and from the beginning of this war up
to its close your uniform promise to that class
of people Was that you would if they adhered
to you afford theni protection. Now, sir, hun-
dreds and thousands of them, as you yourselves
admit, did consistently from the inception of
the war to its termination remain what you call
loyal. I ask you, sir, in what better situation
ought a Union man in the State of Massachu-
setts to stand than a Union man in South Car-
olina or Mississippi? If you compensate for
damages done to the property of a Union man
in a non-seceding State, a State not declared
by your proclamations to be in rebellion; upon
what principle do you deny compensation to
equally as good a Union man wherever he may
be located ? Why, sir, had you proclaimed in
the inception of this war to the people of the
South, those people of the South, I mean, who
adhered steadfastly to the Federal Union, that
you would not at the termination of the war
redress any grievance they might have endured
or any wrongs they might have suffered, how
many Union .men do you suppose you would
have had in the South? Not a corporal's
guard; and if you had had no Union men in
the South, had that people been united heart
and soul every man of them, instead of your
flags floating over every State in the South it
would have floated nowhere in the South.
Then, sir, T protest against this act by Con-
gress as a gross wrong done to that portion of
the people of the South who continued their
fidelity to the Federal Union. You are draw-
ing a distinction between what you call Union
men in one section of the country and in one
State of the Union and those persons of alike
character residing in a different section and in
a different State. Such a principle is unjust.
It should have no recognition here; it is con-
trary to your promises and pledges made
during the continuance of the war.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I am
entirely convinced that the sooner we investi-
gate and determine claims connected with the
late war and growing out of it the better for
the Treasury ; that upon pure business princi-
ples of public administration, instead of push-
ing-claims away from us, pushing them out of
sight, delaying them, refusing to examine
them ourselves or to have them examined by
any competent authority, we should proceed
promptly to determine the principles upon
which the Government will make payment for
claims connected with the late war ; and having
established those principles we should proceed
to investigate all cases and determine them. I
am entirely convinced in my own mind that by
delaying the investigation and decision of these
claims wc shall eventually pay two or three
times as much as we would now, and probably
we shall make payment at a time when by
reason of a contracted currency and of other
circumslances the burden will be practically
greater upon the Treasury than it would be
now if we met these cases.
Then, sir, there is another consideration.
By the lapse of time that evidence on behalf
of the Government which is now attainable will
be destroyed or lost. These claims will grow
stronger, however, so far as the affirmative is
concerned when they are presented to us. The
claimants will carefully preserve all the evi-
dence in their own favor;. and some years
hence, when they come forward before Con-
gress or before the Court of Claims, they will
be able to make out an irresistible argument
in favor of their demands, whereas evidence
on the part of the Government will bo lost.
Men who know anything about a particular
transaction now might be called upon to testify
in behalf of the Government; but those men
will have died, they will be dispersed. Men
connected with your military service who are
still within reach, who can now enlighten you
upon the subject of these claims, will be dis-
persed all over the country, to the Pacific coast,
to remote States of the North, and you will be
■unable to obtain that evidence which is nocca-
sary to defend the Government and to defend
the Treasury against unjust or inflated claims
hereafter.
Therefore, sir, in my opinion, upon pure, busi-
ness principles, it is the policy of the Govern-
ment to meet this whole subject atonce,- to meet
it promptly. I am not in favor of paying doubfr*
ful claims; much less am I in favor of paying
stale claims; but I know how it isdn all legis-
lative bodies composed of men who hav« hu-
man sympathies and who are appealed to by
claimants, in many cases I think successfully,
when claims ought to be resisted; and I appre-
hend "danger tp the Treasury, danger to the
public interests from this policy of pushing
away from us these cases, refusing to look at
them now while they are fresh and while w«
can command the whole subject and view it in
an intelligent manner and settle proper rules,
deferring th.e evil day, pushing it away from us
and leaving to future years the investigation
and decision of those cases. For my part, I
am for meeting all just responsibilities of the
Government at this time, for establishing rigid
rules of exclusion to shut out fraudulent-and
evil claims from the Treasury; establishing
some rules now, before Congress is appealed
to in individual cases, and gives way step after
step until the Treasury shall eventually beloaded
down with enormous masses of claims, which
if met now would be rejected, and rejected for-
ever.
Mr. WILSON. I have opposed the payment
of these claims when they nave been brought
up here, and opposed the bill which was before
us at the last session of Congress. I agree
with what has been said by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, and have prepared a measure
which I intend to move as an amendment to
the bill which was before us at the last sessioa
whenever it shall come up. That proposition,
which I have drawn up provides for the appoint-
ment of a commission for each one of these
States to make the examination now, under
prescribed rules and regulations, and lay the
facts before Congress and the country. I hope
such action will be taken, for I agree that that
is a question which we should meet, and meet
now, so as to know precisely what we have got
to do, for as time goes on these claims will
increase.
This, however, is simply a measure to pre-
vent money being paid out until we have some
general policy. I hope, therefore, the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Maryland
will not be adopted, and that no money will be
paid out in the rebel States for these claims at
present, but that Congress will adopt a general
plan by which we can do justice to the really
loyal men in that section of country and prevent
the millions of frauds that will be attempted.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
It was ordered that the amendments be en-
grossed and the bill read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Upontho passage .of
the bill I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
  order of business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Har-
ris in the Chair.) The morning hour having
expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair to
call up the unfinished business of yesterday,
which is the bankrupt bill.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone that bill
and all prior orders, and proceed to the con-
sideration of the joint resolution proposing an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States imposing a restriction upon the presi-
dential term.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Lotus finish the bank-
rupt bill first.
Air. WADE. We shall never finish it as we
are going on. .
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we can finish
•it to-day.
Mr. POLAND. I hope this mot-ion will
