1678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
^February 21,
ence. We have 110 time to discuss it now, and
I do not think it ought to be forced to a vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to suggest that this
is a business question. The question is not
now on the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business, and although the motion
is nominally debatable, the rule requires that
debate should be restricted to reasons why the
Senate should or should not go into executive
session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion, because it is a defeat of
this measure.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I beg that my honor-
able friend from Illinois and other friends of
the bill will not say that going into executive
session to-day defeats the bill. It leaves it as
the unfinished business, and to-morrow at one
o'clock I shall insist upon this bill being taken
up and a vote being had Hpon it. If the Sen-
ate now go into executive session, I do not
look upon that a3 any defeat of the bill. It
has been announced by the Finance Commit-
tee that the Indian appropriation bill is to be
taken up on Saturday, and it is well understood
that that bill cannot be acted on until this bill
is disposed of. I hope my honorable friend
will not regard the mere question of going into
executive session as a test question on the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is most manifest that
if the Senate gives this bill the go-by to-day
the Senator from Wisconsin will not be able
to get it concluded to-morrow. It i8 now bnt
a few minutes after three o'clock. We all
understand that we may as well go into execu-
tive session an hour hence as now. Let us see i
what is to become of this bill; and if there is
not strength enough to pass the Senate bill, let
us agree to the House amendment, and dispose
of the-question. It should not be left in the
condition it now is. The last thing to do is to
do nothing. I think it important that we should
act upon the bill. I shall abstain from dis-
cussing it myself at any considerable length,
although I have very decided opinions in regard
to the matter; and I hope the Senate will de-
cide now on this vote, which is not a debatable
question to any extent, whether we are to con-
sider this bill at this session. I shall regard
it as decided by this vote.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I shall vote to go into
executive session ; but I object to the test stated
by the Senator from Illinois.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 24, nays 13 ; as follows:
YEAS—.Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Conness.Creswell, Dixon, Edmunds. Fessenden,
Fogg, Foster, Fowler, Harris, Johnson, Morgan, Pat-
terson, Ramsey, Sherman, Spraeue, Stewart Van
tJPKIS', Willey, Williams, and Wilson—24.
NAYS—-Messrs. Doolittle, Henderson, Hendflcks,
Howard. Howe, Lane, Morrill, Nesmith, Pomeroy.
Koss, Sumner, Trumbull, and Yates—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cowan, Cragin, Davis
Frelinghuysen. Grimes, Guthrie. Kirkwood, McDou-
?Vade-15t0n' Poland. Riddle, Saulebury, and
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After an hour and a half spent in
executive session, the doors were reopened, and
the Senate took a recess until half past seven
o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven and a half
o clock p. m.
JOSHUA H. BUTTERWORTH.
^r;,^S^EY. The Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred
the petition of Joshua H. Butterworth, pravine
for an extension of his patent for his improve-
ment in bank and safe locks, have instructed
me to submit a report accompanied by a bill
for his relief, and to ask that the bill may be
put on its passage at the present time if there
be no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia asks that the bill now
reported by him may be considered at the pres-
sent time. It requires the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider it at this time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the title of the bill
be read for information.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
is entitled to be read once, as it is a report
from a committee.
I The bill (S. No. 620) for the relief of Joshua
| H. Butterworth was read a first time by its
| title, and passed to a second reading.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
i any objection to the consideration of the bill?
I Mr. WILLEY. It will not take a moment.
1 Mr. DOOLITTLE. The unfinished buai-
| ness is the Indian bill, but if this bill will give
! rise to no discussion I have no objection to the
unfinished business being laid asidf informally
to allow it to be passed.
Mr. WILLEY. If it leads to discussion I
will withdraw it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If it can be considered
informally, I have no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion being made, the bill will be read.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is with that under-
standing that the Indian bill is laid aside
informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion being made to the consideration of the
bill it will be read. If any objection is made
the bill will not be read.
The bill was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
authorizes the Commissioner of Patents to
proceed upon, determine, and decide the ap-
plication of Joshua H. Butterworth, for an
extension of his patent for an improvement
in safe and bank locks the same as though the
patent had not been extended once already;
and the Commissioner is to examine the appli-
cation and decide upon it on the same evidence
and in the same manner as in other cases
where extensions of patents are applied for,
and without regard to the time when the appli-
cation is made.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
TENURE OP OFFICE OF JUDGE ADVOCATES.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the bill (H. 11. No. 1130)
to amend section twelve chapter two hundred
and ninety-nine of the laws of the first session
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, to report it with-
out amendment; and as it is a bill of but one
section of eleven lines, I should like to have it
put upon its passage now. It will not take a
moment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent of the Senate to consider
the bill on the day it is reported.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the title of the bill
be read for information.
The Secretary read the title of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am obliged to ask for
the reading of the whole bill. The title does
not indicate what it means.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows:
Be it enacted /kc„ That the last clause of section
twelve, of chapter two hundred and ninety-nine, of
the laws of first session Thirty-Ninth Congress, ap-
proved July 28,1866, is hereby amended by repealing
all alter and including the words " until otherwise
provided by law," so as to place the judge advocates
thereby authorized to bo retained in service upon the
same footing in respect to tenure of office and other-
StatesM 0tlier °®oers of tlle Army of the United
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
this bill?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection if
it is understood that the unfinished business is
laid aside informally, and that this bill will not
lead to debate. If it does, I shall insist on pro-
ceeding with the unfinished business.
Mr. WILSON. This will not take any time.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not know how much
this bargain will affect 
Mr. WILSON. I make no bargain.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is no bargain.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MILITARY WAGON-ROAD IN OREGON.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have a little bill that I
should like to put on its passage. It is a House
bill reported from the Committee on Public
Lands without amendment, and it will take but
a minute or two to pass it. I move that the
Senate proceed to its consideration. It is
House bill No. 910.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The title
of the bill will be read for information.
The Secretary. A bill (H. R. No. 910)
granting lands to the State of Oregon to aid in
the construction of a military wagon-road from
Dalles City, on the Columbia river, to Fort
Bois6, on the Snake river.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am apprehensive that
that bill may lead to some discussion and dis-
place the unfinished business of the morning.
The Senator from Oregon will understand that
I have no disposition to interfere with him.
If the bill can be passed without any discussion
whatever I make no objection.
Mr. NESMITH. I do not suppose the pres-
ent bill will lead to any discussion. It has
passed the House and been reported without
amendment by the Committee on Public Lands
of the Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not think there will
be any debate upon it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then by common con-
sent the unfinished business can lay aside
informally, and let this bill be acted upon if
it will lead to no discussion. If it does, I shall
call for the unfinished business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the bill indi-
cated by the Senator from Oregon.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand that it is
by unanimous consent that this bill is taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
puts the question to the Senate. He does not
understand that there is any division asked for,
and the Chair announces that the Senate vote
to proceed to the consideration of the bill.
The bill will be read.
The Secretary read the bill, which proposes
to grant to the State of Oregon, to aid in the
construction of a military wagon-road from
Dalles City, on the Columbia river, by way of
Camp Watson, Canon City, and Mormon or
Humboldt Basin, to a point on Snake river
opposite Fort Bois6, in Idaho Territory, alter-
nate sections of public lands, designated by
odd numbers, to the extent of three sections
in width on each side of the road ; to be exclu-
sively applied to the construction of the road,
and to no other purpose ; and to be disposed
of only as the work progresses.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to inquire
of my friend from Oregon how much land is
covered by this grant; how many acres?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am not able to state,
but I 'can state that the road is to be constructed
through the mountains and the desert, and I
presume all the land that can be seen on" the
route of this road is not worth enough to pay
for surveying it. If there is any valuable land
there I do not know where it is. It is simply
to build a road from the Columbia river out
toward Idaho, through the mountainous and
desert part of Oregon. There may be along
the road some valleys that will be of some
value j but the land generally in that vicinity
is not worth anything except for mineral pur-
poses. I cannot state how much land this grant
embraces.
Mr. POMEROY. Where the lands are not
occupied by reservations, and where they are
not occupied by settlers, there will be three
sections to the mile. The distance I do not
know precisely : but there are three sections to
