1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1003
debtors; and I think it is very essential, in
order to the well-working of any bankrupt sys-
tem that it should include this class of per-
sons. debtors and creditors, as much as any
other class.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Davis, Fogg,
Fowler, Howard, Norton, Saulsbury, and Yates—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Doolittle, Edmunds,
Fessenden, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, John-
son, Kirkwood, Morgan, Morrill, Patterson, Poland,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Stewart, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Wade, Willoy, Williams, pud Wilson—23.
ABSENT —Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Conness,
Cowan, Cragin, Creswell, Dixon, Foster, Freling-
huysen, Grimes, Guthrie, Howo, Lane, McDougall,
Nesmith, Nye, Riddle, Sherman, Sprague, and Van
Winkle—20.
So the motion to strike out did not prevail.
Mr. FOGG-. I move to amend the bill on
page 15, section thirteen, line five, by insert-
ing after the word "value" the words "and
in number," and by striking_ out all after the
word "debts" in the sixth line to the end of
the tenth line, in these words:
Provided, That when the number of creditors pres-
ent amounts to five and less than ten, the votes of
two, at least, shall be necessary for a choice, and
when the number of creditors amounts to ten or
more, the votes of three, at least, shall be necessary
for a choice.
So that the section will read:
That the creditors shall, at the first meeting held,
after due notice from ti'o messenger, in presence of
a register designated by the court, choose one or
more assignees of the estate of thedebtor,tbe choice
to be made by the greater part in value and in num-
ber of the creditors who have proved their debts, &e.
Mr. POLAND. Ihopethatamendmentwill
not prevail. The choice might be controlled
by a number of creditors whose debts in the
aggregate amounted to but a very small sum.
Their interest might be but one. tenth of the
interest that was held by the minority. It ap-
pears to me that the control of the appointment
of the assignee should be regulated by the
amount of interest. This is the principle that
applies in all corporations in voting, in electing
officers, in controlling corporations by a stock
vote; and it should be so in reference to the
control of these proceedings. So far as the
control is given to creditors, it should be regu-
lated by the amount of their interest, and not
by the number of persons in whom those inter-
ests are divided.
Mr. FOGG-. ThehonorableSenator,Ithink,
does not understand the effect of the amend:
ment which I propose. The amendment is that
this choice shall be made by the greater part
in value and number, which requires that the
majority in number of the creditors shall also
represent a majority in. value of the debts. I
offer the amendment because I think under
many circumstances two creditors might come
in and overslaugh the great number of credit-
ors. There will be no difficulty if there should
be a failure to choose, because the remainder
of the section provides for that very contin-
gency. I do not expect to be able to vote for
the bill, but I wish, if the bill does pass, that
it shall be as unobjectionable to the people of
this country as possible.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator be kind
enough to say how it changes the section ? I
do not understand it.
Mr. FOGG. As the bill now stands when
only five creditors are present, two representing
a majority of the debts in value may choose the
assignee, and if there are not over ten present,
three representing a majority of the debts may
choose the assignee.
Mr. JOHNSON. What do you propose?
Mr. FOGG. I propose in the choice of an
assignee to require the concurrence of a ma-
jority in value of the debts and a majority in
number of the creditors; that is, a majority
of the creditors representing a majority of the
debts.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOGG. I offer another amendment, to
add at the end of the thirty-second section the
following proviso:
Provided, That in relation to all debts contracted
and existing prior to the passage of this act no dis-
charge shall be granted or be valid unless with the
assent in writing of three fourths of the creditors of
the bankrupt who have proved claims in the court
having jurisdiction of the proceedings.
Mr. JOHNSON. The principle of that
amendment has, I think, been discarded by
almost every State in the Union. The provis-
ion which it proposes to make was found in
nearly all the original insolvent systems, (and
they were bankrupt laws in point of effect;) but
experience was supposed to have proved that
it operated very unjustly against the'insolvent,
and that it warred with a principle which would
seem properly to be of universal application,
that no man should be a judge in his own case.
It places the debtor in the hands of his creditor.
It makes the creditor the judge whether the
debtor shall be discharged or not, instead of
making a disinterested tribunal the judge.
I do not think that I am in error in the fact
which I have stated, that it is not now to be
found in many, if in any, of the States of the
Union. The provision is, if I understand it as
read from the desk, that no man is to be dis-
charged under this law except with the assent
of three fourths of his creditors; that is as much
as to say that throe fourths of his creditors are
to decide 
Mr. FOGG. The provision is in relation to
debts contracted before the passage of this act.
Mr. JOIINSON. I understand it: that three
fourths of the creditors are to decide whether
the bankrupt shall have a discharge from his
debts. Now, the honorable member, as Ijudge
from the particular phrase he has adopted in
the amendment and from his calling my atten-
tion to it now, supposes that there is a distinc-
tion between cases of bankruptcies already ex-
isting and those which may subsequently arise;
or rather, to speak according to the tenor of
the amendment, Between debts now contracted
and debts which shall hereafter he contracted.
The principal object of this bill is to provide
for existing bankruptcies. If it be indiscreet
or wrong in principle to subject a subsequently
occurring bankruptcy, because of debts which
may be contracted hereafter, when the law
shall have passed, to the restraints of such a
provision, it is equally improper, as I respect-
fully submit to the honorable member from
New Hampshire, to make it depend at all upon
the will of creditors whether the party is to
have his discharge or not.
Mr. FOGG. As I said before, I do not ex-
pect to be able to vote for this bill, because I
do not believe that any considerable portion
of my constituents favor it. As was stated
yesterday, it has been the fate of the two bank-
rupt bills that have existed heretofore in this
country to have been vastly unpopular with
the people. It has been their fate to be early
repealed; in one case to have been repealed
by the very Congress that enacted it; and to
all who remember the operations of that bill
I believe the very memory of it among the
masses of the people is as odious as any act
that ever stood upon the statutes of the Ameri-
can Congress. This bill is only demanded, I
believe, by a small portion of the Ameiican
people. It. is only demanded, and I believe
will only be tolerated, in a commercial com-
munity. Among the masses of the yeomanry
of the country, among the farmers of the coun-
try, among the mechanics of the country,
among the men who earn their bread by the
sweat of their brows, and only contract debts
when necessary, and always with the purpose
of honestly paying them, this bill seeins to be
a dishonest bill: all such bills seem to be dis-
honest bills. It is a bill to enable a debtor to
repudiate the contract-which he has honestly
made with his creditor for a value which lie
has received. Some portions of the princi-
ples involved in this bill are an every-day oc-
currence in commercial communities. A man
contracts debts; he is unfortunate ; he cannot
pay them ; and his creditors compound with
him, and almost always do so when there is
no law.
The Senator from Maryland has said that
there is no difference in principle between
debts contracted under this law and debts con-
tracted before its passage. It seems to me the
Senator cannot have well considered that re-
mark. All the debts contracted prior to this
lave have been contracted without any honest
mental reservation that the contract might be
repudiated, either by any legal proceedings or
any illegal proceedings, by any honest means
"or by any dishonest means. Therefore, you
are passing a law here to enable a debtor to
exercise a power against his creditor which he
did not have a right to exercise when he con-
tracted his debt, which he does not have the
right to exercise to-day. The debtor who con-
tracts a debt after the passage of this act con-
tracts it knowing, if he is an intelligent man,
and his creditor knowing, that in a certain
contingency or contingencies he may repudiate
the debt; he may come into court and surren-
der his property and tell his creditor to take
what little he has got, which is not exempt by
either State law or national law, and make the
most of it, and obtain a discharge. The man
who contracted a debt before such a law was
in existeuge contracted itknowingthat no such
act existed, knowing that the property pos-
sessed by him was liable to be taken under
judicial proceedings to satisfy the debt, know-
ing that there was no civil or other jurisdiction
which could wipe out the obligation which he
accepted from his creditor. The difference is
very great it seems to me.
While I am up, I desire to say one word in
relation to the practical operation of this bill
in another respect. By the action of the Sen-
ate in refusing to make this a uniform bank-
rupt law—for 1 think that was the result—and
making it vary according to the laws of the
different States, you enable a person in one
State who may have $5,000 or $7,000, for in
California the exemption is $5,000 of gold
value amounting at least to $7,000 in currency,
to retain that property in his possession visible
to all the world, and if he has a debt of $300
he may go into voluntary bankruptcy, live in
his nice house, have liis horses and his car-
riage if you please, and I do not know what
else ; surrender his debt of $300 to his creditor,
and surrender nothing else under Heaven, pro-
vided ho does not have more than $5,000 or
$7,000, or it may be $50,000; for I am told in
some of the States the exemption is of a kind
which would allow $50,000; but when he owes
merely $300 he may go into bankruptcy and
wipe out that $300. and retain a fortune and
be a gentleman, and it may be that that $300
creditor may be a poor man who has not a
tithe of the propery which he possesses.
Mr. President, it seems to me that when this
law goes before the people, when the few debt- •
ors who are clamoring for it have got their pur-
pose, 5-0U will find one universal cry«®f repeal
among the people. Every man who holds
obligations that are wiped out by this law will
feel, even if his debtor is worth nothing, that
he has been cheated out of so much money;
that he has been robbed to that extent; and
the law will be as odious as the law of 1811
was odious, and will be as fatal politically to
the party and to the men who enact it as that
law was.
Mr. President, I do not propose to detain
the Senate in further discussing this bilL I
only desire to utter my solemn protest against
it; and if I wore in the habit of predicting I
would utter a prediction against it; but as I am
not in the habit of predicting I shall save
myself that trouble, and save myself from the
mortification of being mistaken if I should not
prove a true prophet.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think the honorable
member is entirely mistaken in applying the
term "repudiation" to cases of this descrip-
tion. No man who is unable to pay his debts,
because he has no means to pay his debts, can
be justly called a repudiator of his obligations.
By accidental or unfortunate circumstances he
has come to a condition in which it is impos-
sible for him to pay his debts ; and it is there-
fore, in almost every community, provided
that in such a contingency, looking to the in-
terest of the creditor as well as to the general
