18(37.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
would have stood and have become a perma-
nent bankruptlaw, suchasall commercial coun-
tries have and such as in my judgment this
country ought to have.
Mr. FOGG-. I ask for the yeas and nays on
my amendment..
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas G, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cragin, J?ogg, Lane,
Morrill, and Willey—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Conness, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle,
Edmunds, Eessendcn, Harris, Henderson, Howard,
Howe, Johnson, McDougall, Morgan, Nesmith, Nor-
ton, Patterson, Poland, Ramsey, Boss, Saulsbury,
Stewart. Sumner, Van Winkle, and Wade—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cattell, Chan-
dler, Cowan. Creswell, Foster, Fowler, Frelinghuysen,
Grimes, Guthrie, Ilendrioks, Kirkwood, Nye, Pomo-
roy. Riddle, Sherman, Sprague, Trumbull, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to amend the bill
by striking out in lines twenty-seven, twenty-
eight, and twenty-nine of section thirteen, on
page 16, the words " manner provided by law
for the prosecution of marshals' or other bonds
given to the United States," and inserting
"name and for the benefit of any injured
party;" so as to make the clause read:
The bond shall be approved by the judge or regis-
ter by his indorsement thereon, shall bo filed with
the record of the ease, and inure to the benefit of all
creditors proving their claims, and may be prose-
cuted in the name and for the benefit of any injured
party.
So as to give the injured party, whatever may
be his relation, the right to sue upon the offi-
cial bond given by the assignee, in his own
name and for his own benefit. The bond, it
■will be observed, is to be given by the assignee
to the United States, and strictly, according to
the rules of law, upon any breach of the con-
ditions of the bond the United States only
would have the right to sue. My amendment
is to enable any creditor or any injured party,
whether the United States or any individual,
to bring suit upon that bond in his own name
and for his own benefit, so far as he may be
interested.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer an amendment, to
come in on page 13, after the word "bank-
rupt," in line thirty-one of section eleven :
Provided, That the judgo shall not proceed to tho
consideration of any such petition until the potitioner
has taken and subscribed tho oath prescribed by the
act of Congress approved 2d July, 1SG2.
On this I have simply one remark to make.
I have heard it said that certain persons at the
South were moved to go into rebellion on the
idea that in that way they would wipe out their
debts to northern creditors. I do not doubt
that that was the case with some persons.
How extensively rebels acted under that mo-
tive I have no means of knowing ; but it seems
to me that we ought not to provide them the
means of wiping out their debts to northern
creditors. Therefore, I propose that we shall
require of them that they shall take what is
usually known as tho test oath before their
petition is proceeded with. That is the object
of my amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the honorable member
would make it operate equally and provide
that no such person should be sued or im-
prisoned, there might be something like justice
in the proposition. I do not think a provision
of this sort is to be found anywhere in any of
the statutes, so l'ar as I have known, in Eng-
land or elsewhere. It is true that the parties
to whom the amendment applies have commit-
ted acts which may be treason or not treason
as things actually stand now. They certainly
were treason at one time; but whether thsy
are now protected because of the acknowledg-
ment of belligerent rights as between the United
States and the confederates is a question upon
which I express no opinion. But, however
that may be, we look to the time when they
are io become citizens of the United States in
all respects. They are now citizens. They
can go to New York or Boston or anywhere
else and contract debts. Massachusetts gen-
tlemen may go down to the South, buy their
property, sue them. I do not see any justice in
denying them the right to have the benefit of
this act, unless it is for the purpose of punish-
ing ; and according to that view, if they are to
be punished, the honorable member might pro-
pose, if he supposes we have the power, that
they should be liable to suit, liable to execu-
tion, and liable to imprisonment as long as tho
creditor might think proper.
Requiring a test oath, so far as we have
heretofore gone, was only supposed to be ne-
cessary in relation to officers of the United
States or quasi officers. You would not per-
mit any one who had been engaged in the
rebellion to be a member of this branch of
Congress or the other, and hence you required
the test oath; you would not permit a lawyer
to practice in the courts without taking a test
oath. To say nothing of the authority of Con-
gress to pass the latter branch of that law, sup-
posing the power to exist, yet each provision
was thought by Congress to be necessary in
order to keep the offices of the Government in
the hands of loyal men; and certainly that
reason does not apply to the poor debtors who
are crushed to the earth by debt, and are un-
able to do-anything for the support of them-
selves or for the benefit of their country.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. DIXON. 1 ask for the reading of the
oath referred to on the amendment.
The Secretary road tho oath proscribed by
the act of July 2, 18(52, as follows:
I, A B, do solemnly swear for affirm) that I have
never voluntarily borne arms against the Unitod
States sineo I have been a citizen thereot; that I
have voluntarily given no aid.counsol, countenance,
or encouragement to persons engaged in armed hos-
tility thereto; that I liavo ncithor sought nor ac-
cepted, nor attempted to exercise the functions of
any office whatever, under any authority or pro-
tended authority in hostility to the United States;
that I havo not yielded a voluntary support to any
pretended government, authority, power, or consti-
tution within the United States, hostile or inimical
thereto. And X do further swear (or affirm) that, to
tho best of my knowledge and ability, T will suppoil
and defend tho Constitution of tho United States
against all enemies, foreign and domestic; thatlwill
bear true faith and allegianco to tho same; that 1
take this obligation freely, without any mental res-
ervation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well
and faithfully discharge the duties of the ollieo on
which I am about to enter; So help mo God.
Mr. CONNESS. As I understand the object
and purpose of this bill, it is to furnish a mode
of relieving citizens who are hopelessly in-
volved from the condition of the thrall which
circumstances have placed upon them, and to
enable them to enter again into the world of
business, and not only for the purpose of giving
relief to the persons as individuals, but for the
additional purpose of giving the benefit of
their industry and their efforts'and their ener-
gies to society. If that be the purpose of the
act, it is equally as important to relieve a man
who was a rebel, a man who is ready now to
labor and to work, as it is to relieve a loyal
man. I am willing to apply what is called the
test of loyalty where it may be properly done;
but I would as soon think of introducing it, I
will not now say where, as to introduce it in con-
nection with this bill. 1 think that test oaths,
perhaps, have their degree of usefulness, and
will for a time to come, but I do not think
that this is the sphere of their usefulness, and
therefore I cannot vote for the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I submit that this is the
" sphere of their usefulness at least for the
present. The time will come I trust, and very
soon, when there will be no occasion for test
oaths. I shall welcome that time as cordially
as the Senator from California or any other
Senator on this floor. Suffice it to say that
hour has not yet sounded. There is not a mail
which does not bring us reports of the grossest
insubordination in this rebel region, of injus-
tice to neighbors, of cruelty to freedmen. The
rebellion is not yet completely suppressed.
When that time is reached, then let us open
this Chamber and open all our courts, as we
shall freely open all our hearts : but that time
has not yet come. Until then we owe it to
ourselves and we owe it to the country to fix
all possible safeguards; and now as you are
about to pass this important measure, which ia
going to readjust the relations of debtor and
creditor throughout the country, I submit that
you must teach hard-hearted men that they
cannot come forward"and claim the benefits of
this act unless they can show that they are
loyal citizens, and we have no other way of
bringing them t.0 that test except by requiring
the oath which Congress has already pre-
scribed in many other cases.
Mr. POLAND. The subject of the rebel-
lion and the rebels is connected with almost
everything that we haye here in the Senate;
but I thought we had at last got upon a bill
that would steer clear entirely of that. I have
as poor an opinion of the rebellion as my
friend, the Senator from Massachusetts ; I be-
lieve I would do anything that was proper to
be done in the way of punishing those who
went into it as cheerfully and as firmly and
strongly as he would; but it seems to this
proposition of the Senator is going a very
great way. It is substantially saying that
every man who had anything to do with the
rebellion "shall have no benelit of this law if
it passes. Why, Mr. President, we might
with just the same propriety pass a law that
no man should be a suitor in court; we might
with the some propriety pass a statute that no
man should prosecute any claim in any court
of the United States unless ho could take this
test oath as to put it on to this bill. We might
with the same propriety say that a poor debtor
should not be allowed to take the poor debtors'
oath unless he could, in the first place, take the
test oath. We might as well require it in the
one ease as the other.
This test oath has, so far as the law applies
it now, been confined to specific cases. We
require that a man shall be able to take that
oath and take it truly before he occupies any
official place, before he practices as an attor-
ney, before ho occupies any official govern-
mental relation. All that I am in favor of;
but when we come to apply it to the ordinary
transactions of life, and to say that a man shall
not do business, a man shall not w rk out by
the month unless lie is able to take the test
oath, I cannot agree to it. We might just as
well apply it to every branch of business, to
every vocation in life, it seems to me, as to
apply it to thisrbill.
We all understand the condition of the coun-
try South, Some were in fault and some were
not. That whole country is broken down and
impoverished. If there is any need of a bank-
rupt bill anywhere there is need of it there;
and are we going to exclude that whole south-
ern country and all its people from the benefits
of this law because they may have engaged in
a causeless rebellion or been led into it by
ambitious, unscrupulous leaders? It seems to
me this is carrying the thi-ng altogether too far.
Mr. POMERO Y. If tho Senator from Mas-
sachusetts would modify his amendment so as
to require the test oath so far as it may be
applicable to a debtor of this kind I would not
object to it, and I think that modification will
secure some votes for his amendment; _ it will
certainly secure mine. The oath as it now
stands is made to apply to persons who are
about to enter on the discharge of the duties
of some office.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator will excuse
me for asking him to suggest, before he takes
his seat, how he thinks the oath can possibly
be made applicable to this case.
Mr. POME ROY. I have not got that far
yet. I was about to say to the Senator from
Massachusetts that I think it would strengthen
this bill if it was somewhat restrictive in its
operation. I said yesterday that now for the
first time in the history of the country a period
had come when perhaps a bankrupt bill could
bo sustained. I never heretofore have sup-
posed that one of this character could be made
popular and sustained in the States ; but it
will strengthen it amazingly if leading and
notorious rebels can be excluded from the
operations of the act, at least until restoration
or reconstruction has been made complete. I
