1682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Indian disturbances than the present corps of
officers connected with the Indian department.
It seems to me that the advantages of turning
over the Indian Bureau to the War Depart-
ment are manifest. In the first place—I know
it is the case in Oregon—wherever there is a
reservation, and our Indian agent is appointed
■with his employes to take" care of the Indians
upon the reservation, it is necessarv to have a
military force there to keep the Indians from
killing the agent and his employes, or at any
rate to preserve the peace between the Indian
agent and his employes and the Indians upon
the reservation.
Mr. NESMITH. Permit me to correct my
colleague. There are five reservations in Oregon
and eight in Washington Territory, and there
is no soldier about any of those reservations
except one. The whole administration is in
the hands of farmers and practical men ; there
are no troops about them.
Mr. POMEROY. There are ten reserva-
tions in my State, and not a military post con-
nected with them.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I know that the superin-
tendent of Indian affairs in Oregon has tele-
graphed to me several times since I have been
here, urging me to apply to the War Depart-
ment to provide troops for certain reservations
in Oregon, and declaring that unless troops
were provided and put upon those reservations
a difficulty would be inevitable between the
■whites and the Indians upon those reservations.
I do not know that it is so in all the reserva-
tions, but I know it is so in some reservations
in Oregon, that troops are kept in readiness in
the immediate neighborhood for use in case
any difficulty should occur between the Indians
upon those reservations and the white people.
Moreover, the great complaint against the
present Indian system is the corruption that
has grown up in the administration of Indian
affairs; and it seemsto me that if the miiitary
be substituted for the present system these cor-
ruptions will be greatly prevented. It is a
fact well known, and I presume my colleague
will not controvert this assertion, that the In-
dian agents in Oregon with hardly an excep-
tion, upon a salary of $1,500 a year, manage
in three or four years to become immensely
rich. I know two or three of the Indian agents
in Oregon who held office there under the ad-
ministration of Mr. Buchanan, and at the expi-
ration of the four years were possessed of from
fifty to sixty thousand dollars in gold, and took
it and carried it South and used it in promoting
the cause of the southern confederacy. So far
as I am acquainted with the facts generally, it
does happen that in some way or other the
Indian agents, notwithstanding their salaries
appear to be limited, manage to amass large
fortunes out of the use of the public funds.
And where is there any responsibility ? There
is none. Suppose an Indian agent by his man-
agement acquires a fortune of twenty-five or
thirty or fifty thousand dollars, and his cor-
ruption is established and he is discharged
from office, what does he care for the action
of the department here? He has made his
fortune: he is content. But if a military offi-
cer is made responsible for the administration
of Indian affairs, under the same circum-
stances charges can be preferred against him
and he be put upon his trial before a court-
martial ; and if it be ascertained upon trial
that he has been guilty of corruption or fraud
he is cashiered, discharged, and disgraced.
If there be no other consideration connected
with the military service, there is at least that
inducement on the part of a military man to
administer the affairs in an honest and upright
way.
I understand that one great reason for mak-
ing the proposed change is to save the enor-
mous expense to the country which the present
Indian system devolves upon us; and this ex-
pense is growing, and everywhere throughout
all the country where there are any Indians it
is becoming a crying and a gigantic evil, and
there ought to be some remedy provided for
it by law. A remedy is proposed in this bill:
that the President shall, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, nominate some civil-
ian; that the Secretary of War shall detail an
officer of the Army ; mid then that the religious
denominations of the country shall nominate
persons to the President, and out of the num-
ber they nominate he shall select some person.
So we are to have a preacher and a soldier and
a politician traveling around through these In-
dian regions together. How they are to coop-
erate I do not understand. I suppose that the
preacher is to attend to the religious and moral
interests of the Indians, while the soldier fights
them and compels them to submit to the au-
thority of the United States ; and as to the part
which the politician is to play upon this board
I do not know, unless it is to preside and give
it dignity and' receive his $4,000 a year. This
board is to be invested with judicial powers.
The bill authorizes them to send for witnesses,
to institute courts wherever they see proper,
and in that way they are empowered to make
as much expense to the country as they please,
and nobody can tell to what this expense will
amount. They will undoubtedly, judging from
our past experience, accumulate enormous
sums. If it be desirable, if the object of legis
lation on the part of Congress be to save ex-
pense, to reduce the millions upon millions
which are every year paid out in order to main-
tain this Indian system, it seems to me that it
is pursuing the wrong policy to commence by
multiplying offices and adding to salaries. On
the contrary, the offices should be reduced, the
system should be put under military discipline
and regulation, and in that way there i3 some
chance, some possibility of reducing the ex-
penses oftlie Indian department ofthis country.
These are some of the considerations which
influence me to oppose the bill that has been
proposed bythe Senate committee, andto favor
the amendment that has been submitted by the
House of Representatives. It seems to be gen-
erally conceded by those who were acquainted
with the management of this system when it
was in charge of the War Department that it
was more economically managed than it is
under the present arrangement. Weare called
upon here every year to make appropriations
of millions of dollars to make what is called
peace with the Indians, to make treaty stipula-
tions with them, and what is the effect? Is
there any peace with thelndians? There is all
the time a state of war, and troops must be
placed in different positions in thelndian coun-
try for the sake of keeping them in subjection,
keeping them in such a condition that they
cannotcommitdepredations; and notwithstand-
ing all the diligence of those who are employed
under the existing Administration and all the
efforts made by the troops, it is well known
that everywhere upon our frontier outrages are
being constantly committed by the Indians,
and I think experience has demonstrated to
the country by this time that there is no way
in which the peace of the country can be pre-
served, in which the frontiers can be protected,
in which the emigrants across the plains and
the pioneers on the western borders can be
protected, except by the exercise of military
power.
You cannot persuade these Indians by any-
thing you may give them in the way of money
or presents. You may temporarily produce a
state of quiet; but the difficulty lies in the fact
that they see, as the white man advances, as
he takes possession of their country, as he
drives them back, that it is a matter of exter-
mination with them; and they are trying in
their way to protect themselves from destruc-
tion. You may send your preachers and your
officers and your politicians to the Indian as
much as you please, but unless they are ac-
companied with a military force there will be
no effect produced. The Indians respect the
power of the United States. Indian delega-
tions are brought here from different portions
of the country and they are impressed with
the greatness of the United States and the
futility of fighting the white men of this coun-
try. Such considerations influence the In-
dians ; such considerations induce them to
keep the peace. When they become satisfied
that the power of the United States is irresist-
ible, when they are convinced that it is utterly
useless for them to contend against that power,
they will be quiet; but any effort to make them
quiet by talking to them, by sending some
smooth-tongued preacher, or some officer with-
out any power, or some politician who may
be appointed to talk with them, will be all in
vain. These expedients are now employed.
The surierintendents and Indian agents in the
Indian country are constantly engaged in this
way; and I do not know but they are just as
good men as we are likely to have under this
bill. Sir, the persons who are to fill these
offices are to be appointed by the President
of the United States, as the men who now
manage the Indian department are appointed;
and what reason is there to suppose that these
men will be any better or any purer or any
further removed from improper influences
than those who are now holding office under
the Indian department? lean see no reason
for this change; and as it seems to be conceded
by the chairman of the committee that the
probabilities are that very soon it will be ad-
visable to substitute military power for the
present system, why not let the present sys-
tem stand unchanged for the present? Why
add this enormous expense to the Indian de-
partment if it be proposed next session or at
some not very distant period of time to abol-
ish the present system and substitute the mili-
tary authority in its place?
I do not know but that the passage of this
bill in its present shape is a foregone conclu-
sion in the Senate; and if the Senate disagree
to the House amendment, and it goes back to the
House, and the House insist upon the amend-
ment, and a committee of conference follows, I
do not see any ground upon which the com-
mittee can compromise. They must either
take this bill with the present system, or they
must take the military power, as proposed by
the House. I think that question ought to be
settled without a reference to a committee of
conference. So far as I am concerned I do not
ask particularly to put the military in place of
the civil power in the adminstration of Indian
affairs if that be not thought advisable by those
interested in the passage of the bill; but let the
matter rest for a little time. Why the great
urgency of passing this particular bill at this
time? Suppose the matter is postponed; the
Indian affairs are left in the hands of the Inte-
rior Department; there is no change effected;
and then at another session we shall have am-
ple time to consider as to whether the Indian
Bureau should or should not be transferred to
the War Department. Then the threatening
circumstances which now surround the rela-
tions between the Indians and the whites may
have passed away; and it is only those con-
siderations that seem to influence the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs. Present
appearances indicate, as it seems, difficulties
between the Indians and the whites. If they
should pass away, if a state of perfect peace
should be restored, this matter may then be
taken up and passed upon deliberately, and in
view of all the surrounding circumstances, and
we can then determine whether this change
shall or shall not be made. But there seems
to be, for some reason or other, a very great
anxiety to pass this bill and appoint this corps
of inspectors to travel around through the
country.
How often, I would ask, can these inspectors
visit these different Indian tribes? Take the
district comprising the State of Oregon and
the Territories of Idaho and Washington. Sup-
pose the board is located in Oregon, as it prob-
ably will be, these gentlemen may possibly
make one trip in a year up to Idaho: they will
go up there and see the superintendent and
talk with the agents; but will they go about
there among those wild, untamed Indians who
are scalping every white man they can find, to
talk with them and undertake to persuade them
that they had better conform to the require-
