1006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
would not have it apply in such a way that
they should be forever,-eternally excluded;
but until some system of restoration has been
agreed upon, until the status of the people of
the rebel States has been established in this
country and under this Government, so that
we may know what their relations to the Gov-
ernment are, I am. not for letting them in to
take the benefit of this bankrupt law. I would
not say that they may not come in next year
or within three months; but just at this par-
ticular time, before we have any method adopted
that promises peace and union to these States,
I am not prepared to send this law down there
for execution and application to such men. I
am willing to apply it to loyal men, those even
whose honest purpose is to become loyal and
good citizens in the future. Unfortunately,
however, there are many men in the South,
and they are the rich and the wealthy men of
the l^outh, who will make no promises for the
future even of loyalty and devotion to this
Government. I do not propose to let those
men up if they are bankrupts. I have got no
motive for doing it if other Senators have.
And yet I would not exclude all the South by
any means. In our constitutional amendment
we only struck at leading rebels, those who
had added perjury to treason, and said they
should not hold office. We did not apply it
to everybody.
Mr. SUMNER. I accept very cheerfully
the suggestion of the Senator from Kansas. I
supposed that in administering the oath the
change would naturally be made. But I will
modify my amendment by adding these words
at tlie end of it: " omitting such words thereto
as refer to the duties of any office, " and then
only that part of the oath which is peculiarly
in the nature of a test will be administered.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall vote for the amend-
ment with that modification, and will only add
to what I have already said this remark: that
I hope the time may soon come when the
status and condition of these States will be so
established, and their relations to this Gov-
ernment will be so cordial, that we may extend
to all their citizens the same laws and the same
provisions of law in all respects that we ex-
tend to all other citizens.
Mr. STEWART. There has been a great
deal said about making this a uniform law.
It was strenuously contested here for two days
last week that if we allowed the kState exemp-
tion laws to prevail the bill would be wanting
in uniformity. Now, it seems to me that if we
exclude from the operation of the law one third
or one fourth of the inhabitants of the United
States it will certainly be'wanting in uniform-
ity. 1 believe that would destroy the law alto-
gether. This amendment is equivalent to say-
ing that it is impolitic to pass any law on the
subject of bankruptcy, because there is no coutt
which will say that you can pass a bankrupt
law and at the same time exclude from its oper-
ation a largo class of the people of the United
States. There is no court which will sustain
that as a uniform law.
As I understand this law, it is for the benefit
of the loyal as well as disloyal, to enable the
business of the country to readjust itself and
prosper after the great troubles through which
we have passed. It is to the interest of all
parties that this law should be passed, the in-
terest of the creditor that he may have the
debtor s property distributed fairly in the Uni-
ted States courts, the interest of the honest but
unfortunate debtor that he may again engage
in business and be enabled to elevate his ener-
gies in such a way as to be useful to the com-
munity. And if you say that it shall not operate
as to a large portion of the people the law is
unconstitutional. We cannot pass that kind
of a law. That is too manifest a want of uni-
formity.
But perhaps it may be said that this is done
by way of punishment. Then it comes under
the prohibition to pass ail ex post facto law,
and it will destroy the efficacy of the bill. You
cannot accomplish the object in this way. There
are other ways of punishment. In making a
uniform law you have no right for any reason
to except any large class. As the Senator from
Kansas suggested, you may perhaps put an
oath as to present belief, which every body can
take, and it will be uniform. You can make
them swear that they do not believe in seces-
sion, if you choose, but even that would be out
of place in a law of this kind. The question
presented is simply this: will you have a bank-
rupt law at all? With such a provision as this
in it I am satisfied the law will be unconstitu-
tional and void.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator
from Nevada objects to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts, that it is
unconstitutional. What is the amendment?
In legal effect it is this: that it excepts and
excludes from the operation of the bankrupt
bill before us that large class of persons wlio
have participated in waging war against the
United States. They are not to receive the
benefit of the act according to the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts. But does
this exclusion render the bill unconstitutional?
Will the Senator from Nevada say that the bill
would be unconstitutional if it were confined
exclusively to merchants and traders ? I think
he would not. I think he would concede at once
the power of Congress to pass a bankrupt act to
apply only to traders and merchants.
Mr. STEWART. Right there let me ask a
question. Suppose it included some mer-
chants and excluded others, would not that be
unconstitutional for want of uniformity?.
Mr. HOWARD. The operation of the bill-
must necessarily include such classes only as
Congress sees'fit to apply it to, and undoubt-
edly it is for Congress to judge whether it is
best to apply the benefit of the act to any one
particular class or whether it is best to ex-
clude that class. The act itself will be uniform
upon the persons and the subject-matter em-
braced within its purview; and all else are
excluded. I cannot regard that objection as
well taken, I confess.
Well, sir, as to the propriety and expediency
of excluding the classes embraced in the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, I am in favor of it. We are about to
pass an act of Congress which is to operate as
an act of forbearance, indulgence, and mercy
to a large class of persons, persons who with-
out any fault on their own part have become
insolvent and unable to pay their debts. Con-
gress is now coming forward and in the shape
of an act is about to say to them, " If you
make a surrender of all your property liable
to be taken upon execution you shall be dis-
charged from the obligation of your con-
tracts." This is an act of indulgence and
mercy and kindness and humanity on the
part of the Government. The question is
whether that class of persons at the South, who
have willfully been engaged in making war
upon the Government of the United States for
the purpose of overthrowing it, are now in
justice or morality entitled to this great act of
jubilee on our part?
Sir, an immense proportion of this class at
the South have been rendered bankrupt and
reduced to poverty by their own criminal con-
duct. Immense estates at the South, valued at
millions of dollars, have been squandered and
destroyed by this rebellion, have been ingulfed
in the immense whirlpool that has carried away,
not only the property, but the persons of so
many of the citizens of the rebellious States.
They went into this criminal conduct willfully,
knowingly; they appropriated their property
for the purpose of waging this war; they vol-
untarily deprived themselves of their property,
rendered themselves bankrupt and unable to
pay their debts, either domestic or those which
they owe abroad by means of their own unjusti-
fiable and treasonable conduct and principles.
Now, sir, can that class of persons, after hav-
ing done all in their power with fire-and sword
as well as their money to destroy this Govern-
ment and overthrow it, come forward consist-
ently and claim at our hands this great act of
mercy and indulgence? I am unwilling to
grant them this. Let them meet the fate they
have courted. They threatened themselves at
the beginning of the war that they would fight
until they were driven to the last ditch, until
not a man, woman, or child should be left on
the soil of the South to tell the tale of their
ultimate destruction if they should be destroyed.
We have driven them into the last ditch by
force of arms. I am unwilling now to turn
around and say to these people, "I will dis-
charge you from your honest debts because you
are insolvent," while at the same time I know
that this insolvency has been created by their
own efforts to destroy my Government and my
country. Sir, let them meet the decrees of
retributive justice without flinching, and not
ask us for mercy in such a shape as this.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, like my
friend from Vermont, [Mr. Poland,] I was a
little surprised to find that the rebellion was
to be brought in this debate. In answer to
the concluding remarks of the honorable mem-
ber from Michigan, I do not know that the
citizens of the South are the parties who are
asking for the passage of this act. I rather
think the application comes from citizens of
States that are called loyal. Certainly no
representative of the southern States that were
in the rebellion is here or in the other House.
The whole legislation, therefore, upon the sub-
ject has been the result of the judgment of the
representatives of the loyal States and for the
benefit of their people. What made the citi-
zens of Michigan, such of them as are unfor-
tunately in that condition, bankrupts in fact ?
I suppose it was misfortune of one kind or other.
In the South many became bankrupt perhaps
because of the war, and perhaps because of
other circumstances. But I should like to
know of the honorable member from Massa-
chusetts, and of the honorable member from
Michigan, if they propose to except from the
operation of this law all southern debtors. Do
they mean to deny the creditors in the loyal
States the right to proceed compulsorily against
their debtors in the disloyal States under this
law?
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know that the
amendment of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts covers that case.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know it does not. Then
it is proposed to leave the compulsory branch
of the law in force. What will be the effect
of that? Whether a rebel debtor, so to term
him, is to be discharged or not is to depend
upon a loyal creditor. If a loyal creditor pro-
ceeds against him it is not proposed to qualify
the discharge which the debtor is to obtain
under the compulsory process so as to limit it
only to those who may be able to take the oath
proposed by the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to be prescribed. Then the result
of this bill is that the debtor's discharge is to
depend upon the fact of whether the loyal cred-
itor applies himself for the benefit of the law.
He will have to apply. If he does not apply
for the benefit of the law as against his debtor
in all human probability he will never get a
dollar of his debt. Leave the estate in the
hands of the bankrupt debtor and he may dis-
pose of it just as he thinks proper. Whatever
he has left he may live upon until he exhausts
every dollar of his property; he may sell it,
convert it into money, leave the State and
leave the country, and then what is to become
of the loyal creditor? The bill is intended and
will operate as much if not more for the loyal
creditor than it will for the disloyal debtor.
Now, Mr. President, I should just as soon
have thought of applying such a provision as this
to this bill as of proposing an amendment, which
at one time-1 thought perhaps my friend from
Massachusetts would propose, that the law was
to apply to all citizens of the United States
without distinction of color, [laughter,] so as
to revive the question whether there are such
distinctions or should be such distinctions.
We want a bankrupt law for the benefit of all,
not for the benefit of the South, but we 'want
it to operate upon citizens of the South who
are debtors, not only for their benefit, but for
