1867.-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mary-
land [Mr. Johnson] I think had the floor on
this bill. The Senator from Delaware was in
his seat this morning.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I know he was, and
he was complaining of having been unwell,
though I did not understand that he was unwell
to-day ; he may be; I do not know. He offered
is amendment, I believe.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We must proceed with
some business. There are a great many Sena-
tors absent. I do not wish to take advantage
of the absence of Senators.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is advised that the Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Johnson] was discussing the bill at the
expiration of the morning hour, when the bill
was last under discussion.
Mr. HOWE. I propose that the Senate
resume the consideration of Senate joint res-
olution No. 102. I find on inquiry at the
desk that there are no papers in the custody
of the Senate. If there were any papers before
the committee they were those used upon the
hearing there. I am informed at the desk that
this resolution was offered by myself and re-
ferred by the Senate to the Committee on the
Judiciary and by the committee reported back;
and the resolution itself is the the only paper
in the possession of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That joint
resolution having been laid aside informally
by common consent, the Chair thinks it is in
the power of any Senator to demand its con-
sideration again and to bring the subject before
the Senate. The joint resolution (S. R. No.
102) construing and giving effect to the joint
resolution entitled "A joint resolution for the
relief of the State of Wisconsin," approved
July 1, 1864, will be therefore considered as
before the Senate, the question being on the
motion to reconsider the vote by which this
joint resolution was passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Wisconsin insists upon going on with this res-
olution I shall not object, though I think it
would be better to wait till we have the papers
liere. I know the fact that there were papers
before the Committee on the Judiciary. I was
opposed to this report, and I know the fact that
those papers were sent with the resolution. I
do not know what has become of them.
The question is a somewhat complicated one;
but I will try and make such of the Senators
as will listen to me for perhaps ten minutes
understand the reason why I think this money
ought not to be paid. It is a proposition to
take $25,000 out of the Treasury and give it,
I think, to the canal company. I am not quite
sure that it gives it to the canal company. I
will read the resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the resolution entitled "A resolution for the
relief of the State of Wisconsin." dated July 1,1S64,
be so contrued as to entitle the Milwaukee and Rook
Kiver Canal Company to reimbursement, out of the
canal land fund therein mentioned, for the amounts
which are proved to have been paid out by it for
interest in carrying on the work mentioned in said
former resolution in the same manner as for other
sums by it expended. Also for the amount which is
proved to have been expended by it in necessary re-
pairs and management of the canal after the date of
said resolution, but before the date of the settlement
made thereunder: Provided only, That said company
shall not receive more than the amountoftheresidue
of the trust fund arising from the sale of the canal
lands charged against said State in said settlement
and not heretofore paid over to said company; and
the Secretary of the Department of the Interior shall
complete the settlement by making said further allow-
ances to said company up to the amount of said resi-
due of said canal lands fund, and the same shall be
paid to said company out of any moneys in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
I was under the impression that the resolu-
tion limited it to $25,000, but it seems it does
not. It would perhaps appear to do so by con-
struction if we had all the papers here to show
how much this trust fund amounted to; but as
the Senator from Wisconsin insists upon going
on without them, I cannot state the amount at
this time. I am not sure whether it is $25,000.
The case, Mr. President, is about this: some
years ago, when Wisconsin was a Territory, this
canal company was chartered by the rerriio-
rial Legislature, and a grant of lands was made
by Congress to the Territory of Wisconsin for
the purpose of making this improvement on
condition that the improvement should be
made. It so turned out that the improvement
was not made; the proceeds of the lands were
squandered. In process of time a dispute arose
between the eanal company and the State of
Wisconsin, the State of Wisconsin being respon-
sible to the United States for the value of the
lands in case they were not used to make this
improvement, and the improvement failed. The
State of Wisconsin and the canal company got
into a controversy, and they came to Congress
and asked Congress to settle the difficulty be-
tween them; and singularly enough, Congress
entered in to make the settlement between the
eanal company and the State of Wisconsin and
authorized an officer of the Government—per-
haps the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, but I cannot state positively, having
none of the papers here—to make a settlement
between the State of Wisconsin and this canal
company. Congress directed that in making
the settlement the State should be charged what
she had received for these lands, but not less,
at any rate, than $1 25 an acre, which was the
minimum price at which the Government sold
lands. The Commissioner charged the State
with these lands at $1 25 an acre. In this settle-
ment the State was to have a credit for all the
money that the company had expended in un-
dertaking te make their improvement. The
Commissioner went on and made the settle-
ment, and allowed a credit for every dollar that
the company ever expended, and they have
got it.
Now what more is wanted? The Commis-
sioner said they were not entitled to interest on
the money they borrowed to make the improve-
ment with, but this canal company say they
were. They say, "we were a poor company;
we could not make the improvement; it is true
we had these lands, but we had to go and bor-
row money, and we paid extravagant rates of
interest—ten per cent.—in order to get money
to make the improvement that has never been
completed, and now we insist that we shall be
paid back the interest that we paid out." The
Commissioner decided that the law—there was
a resolution passed on this subject—did not au-
thorize him to allow interest to this company.
The amount they now claim, my recollection is,
is $25,000. Am I not right about it?
Mr. HOWE. Twenty-four or twenty-five
thousand dollars.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Under the law his de-
cision was that they were not entitled to inter-
est. I think his decision was right. I think if
any member of this body were to agree to pur-
chase a house in this city and to pay for it what
it cost he would not suppose that he had not
only to pay the actual amount of money which
was paid out for the construction of the building,
but also any rate of interest which the con-
structor had paid for the use of the money which
he used in the putting up of the building. I do
not think the resolution of Congress intended to
refund any interest of this kind.
This statement presents about, as I now re-
collect it, what the question in controversy is.
I think, in the first place, the Government of
the United States should have had nothing to
do with this settlement between this canal com-
pany and the State of Wisconsin; but I am not
going back now to complain of the legislation
of Congress. Congress thought proper to un-
dertake to settle these accounts and appointed
an officer of the Government to do it. That
officer has made the settlement. It is not satis-
factory to this company because they have not
got, as they say, the interest which they paid on
the money which they borrowed to make the
improvement, and that amount claimed is about
twenty-live thousand dollars. I think that the
officer of the Government—the Commissioner
of the General Land Office I believe it was, but
I am not sure—who decided it, decided it cor-
rectly, and that nothing more is justly due this
company.
The Chikf Clerk.
Here are the papers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The papers have come
to light, I understand.
Mr. HOWE. The recollection of the Sen-
ator from Illinois is not entirely accurate in
reference to the history of this claim. He is
quite correct in saying that many years ago
Congress made a grant of land to the Territory
of Wisconsin for the purpose of constructing
a canal in Wisconsin. He is entirely incorrect
in supposing that the State of Wisconsin was
charged with any responsibility about that
growing out of the failure to construct the
eanal. The State of Wisconsin was not in
existence ; the grant was made to the Terri-
tory; and the Territory was expressly directed
by the terms of the grant to dispose of the
land and to pay the money over to a particular
agent named in the act, to wit, the Milwaukee
and Rock River Canal Company. The only
thing possible for the Territory to do in com-
pliance with the act was to sell the land and
pay the money over to the company. What
the company did with the money was a matter
over which the Territory had no control. But
it was required that the canal should be built;
if not built the Government was entitled to
receive the lands back, and the State might
make herself liable to pay for the lands if,
when the Territory became a State, she by an
act of her Legislature accepted the terms of
the grant.
The State never did accept the terms of the
grant. Long before the State came into
existence the work was proved to be a failare.
And the State had no controversy with the
canal company, none whatever; and wo never
applied to Congress to settle any difficulty with
the canal company. The State claimed that
the United States owed her five per cent, of
the net proceeds of the public lands disposed
of within her limits, and we asked the United
States to pay that simple claim which you paid
to everybody else. They had an account in
the Interior Department showing precisely
what it was, but they would not pay it. Why?
Because they said the United States had made
this grant of lands to the Territory to build the
canal; the canal had not been built, and the
lands had not been paid for. The State an-
swered that she was not responsible for build-
ing the canal, and was only responsible for the
right use of the money received from the grant.
A portion of the lands granted had been sold
by the Territory, and part of the money had
been paid over to the company, as the aet mak-
ing the grant directed; another portion had
not been paid over; and the State said, "We
are undoubtedly responsible for this money
which we have received from the lands and
which we have not paid over to the company;
that money is in our hands; it does not belong
to us." The canal company said, " It belongs
to us." We rather thought it belonged to the
United States. At all events, and inasmuch as
we received the lands from the United States,
we thought we ought to account to the United
States for the lands. The question was a ques-
tion between the canal company and the Gov-
ernment of the United States, which owned
the money in our hands that we had not paid
over. That was the question which Congress
was called upon to settle and did settle by the
resolution of July 1, 1864. That resolution T
have. There you decided that that money, to
the extent of the expenditures made by the
canal company, belonged to the company : that
it was a fund put in the hands of the Territory
for the express use of that company in the ex-
ecution of that work ; and if they put their own
money in in lieu of the money derived from
those lands they ought to have the money
derived from the lands to that extent; you
decided that; here is your resolution; you
said then this:
"That the Secretary of the Department of the In-
terior shall, in adjusting the amount due the btatc of
Wisconsin under existing law s as ft > v pci cent, of
the net proceeds of sales of the public lands withm
her limits, estimate and charge against her the value
of the one hundred and twenty-five thousand four
hundred and thirty-one and eighty-two one hun-
dredths acres of land granted to the Teintory of
Wisconsin to aid in the constructor of the Milwau-
