THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
February 5,
oh eertain matters. He does intend, perhaps
to remove them. Why? Because we are still
in -that transition period, passing from the
bloody agonies of a rebellion to a peace that
unhappily is not yet assured. Give us that
true and glorious peace, and then gladly will
we tear to - pieces all these statutes requiring
test oaths ; but until that day comes, so blessed
and so much longed for, we cannot give up the
oaths. The Senator from Maine does not pro-
pose to give up the oaths.
And that brings me to the precise question
whether the oath should not be applied to this
case. Look at that region: is it not now in a state
of insubordination? Is it not full of cruelty
and bloodshed ? Is there one of those States
where there are not hundreds of those persons
to whom you are bound by every tie of honor
and justice daily sacrificed? And by whom
are they sacrificed ? By the late rebels, who
cannot take your test oath. Is there any such
thing as security in those States now? Is there
security of person, security of opinion, secur-
ity of property? Nothing of the kind. But
then civilization exists only through security.
If I were to embody in one word what I most
desire now for that unhappy part of my coun-
try it would be security. Security, of course,
for human rights, security for property, secur-
ity for business, security for travel. We all
know that no such security now exists there.
Mr. POLAND. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Massachusetts how those
things are to be bettered by preventing people
going into bankruptcy ?
Mr. SUMNER. I am coming to that. Se-
curity, I say, is what we require there. Secur-
ity from whom ? From rebels, from persons
who cannot take a tost oath. Those people
must be made to feel that they are no longer
masters. The rebel spirit must be broken down.
Now, I know no better way to break it down
for the present, during this transition period,
than by excluding them from these Chambers,
by excluding them from office, by excluding
them from the benefits of a great act' of legisla-
tion like that which you are about to adopt. This
is my reply to the Senator from Vermont. Lot
us do all we canto break down the rebel spirit,
and let us tell Unionists, without distinction of
color, (if I may be pardoned the expression by
my friend from Maryland,) let us teach them
all that, so far as we can, we mean to protect
them and save them harmless from their op-
pressors.
I say, then, lot us break down the rebel
spirit. Do not give therb any additional strength,
unhappily they are now too strong. There is
an old maxim of law which both of my learned
friends [Mr. Poland and Mr. Fessenden] will
remember well, to this effect: that whoso would
have equity must do equity. Let these rebels
do equity, and how gladly shall we do every
equity to them. Then they will not ask to
come into these Halls or to come into the
court-house or to come into the privilege of
the bankrupt act; every thing will be open to
them; but while they continue to do wrong to
those to whom we owe protection I cannot
consent to relax any of that austerity or rigor,
if you choose to call it so, which is important
in the support of human rights. I believe-that
human rights are of some value, and I do not
think that men who trifle with them are to be
lightly taken by the hand or to be accepted
into our fraternity.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator surprises me more and more. Through
all that country every one knows that there are
many who entered into this rebellion unwill-
ingly and because they were compelled to do
so by the pressure of power upon them. How
many of this class there are we do not know,
but unquestionably many thousands. Weknow
very well that^ they have all been made bank-
rupt substantially; their property has been
destroyed; they are poor; they cannot pay
their debts. Now, the Senator in order to be
severe would strike at ever,y man without dis-
tinction who cannot take the test oath, no mat-
terunder what circumstances ho was compelled
to act'as he did, no matter what pressure was
brought to bear upon him to force him into
ranks that he hated: in order to practice ven-
geance upon the whole mass of the commu-
nity the Senator would punish the whole,-the
comparatively innocent as well as the guilty.
And how? Not simply by excluding them
from office, not simply by excluding them from
political power, not simply by providing all the
safeguards that are necessary to prevent their
doing evil in the Republic, but by denying
•them bread and water, because the argument
goes to that extent: starve them, scourge them.
Ay, it goes to that extent, or it goes for noth-
ing. The same argument that applies to the
Senator's extent would go the whole extent.
Sir, I accede to no such bloody doctrine as this.
" Security!'' What kind of security do you get
by making men desperate, more desperate than
they are now? These men are poor; they
plunder perhaps; they oppress. They are suf-
fering under all the irritation produced by their
condition. Is it not a sensible thing to relieve
them, make them feel that they have a stake
in the community, that there is a chance for
them to lift themselves out of the slough of
despond into which they have fallen, to elevate
themselves into men of property, to become
intelligent, useful citizens, instead of saying,
"You shall have no benefit from any beneficial
and kind law ; stay where you are, bankrupt,
broken, desperate, driven to all extremities,
and made to feel that the more you oppress
your fellow-man the more you are justified by
the condition in which we insist upon keeping
you ?''
Is that the kind of security the gentleman
expects to gain from legislation of this descrip-
tion? Sir, I hold to no such security as that.
If I lived in a community of desperate men my
policy would be to render them less desperate;
my policy would be to encourage them to do
something for themselves, to lift themselves
above the condition into which they were fallen,
to turn their attention to the arts of peace, and
not drive them to robbery and plunder, which
follow a feeling of desperate circumstances.
. Sir, the Senator is mistaken. He has spoken
to-day not from the impulses of his heart,
which I know to be good—and in nothing that
I say would I intimate that he is not just as
kind as I know he is—but from a mistaken
view as to the extent to which this thing ought
to be carried. I adjure the Senate to carry
their legislation not into matters which regard
private life, and regard simply the ordinary
business of the world. I go as far as anybody
in depriving these people of power in the Re-
public until I am satisfied that that power can
be exercised with safety to the Republic; and
when that moment arrives I would withdraw
my hand even from them; but under no cir-
cumstances would I, with regard to the ordi-
nary affairs of life, make a distinction between
them and ourselves. While they remain a part
of this great Republic they shall have the ben-
efit of all the laws that we pass of this descrip-
tion or of any other description, so far as they
can have it without danger to ourselves or to the
whole.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, T agree with
the Senator in his last position. He says he
would make no distinction with them in the
ordinary concerns of life. Agreed: I am with
him. I make no distinction in the ordinary
concerns of life ; I insist that your legislation
shall bear equally upon them and upon others;
but the question is whether the measure you
are about to pass comes in the category of the
ordinary concerns of life. It is, on the con-
trary, I submit, extraordinary. It is a new
act of legislation providing a great, a peculiar
remedy, one that this country has not known
for a whole generation. The Senator alluded
to the early bill. I remember it well. It was
in 1841. AH that intervening time has passed
and you have had no bankrupt act. Now at
last you are about to have one, and the ques-
tion is to whom this extraordinary act of legis-
lation shall be applicable.
I take the Senator from Maine at his word.
I will not make any difference between them
and us in the ordinary concerns of life; but
when the question is on what is extraordinary,
on what does not belong to the ordinary con-
cerns of life, there my friend from Maine must
pardon me if I cannot See our duty as he sees
it. To my mind thfe course that the Senator
proposes will help, so far as it has any influence,
to invigorate that spirit of the rebellion which
I know he hates as well as I. I know he would
not intentionally do anything to invigorate it;
but I fear that his words to-day may add some-
what to those multitudinous influences which
are spreading over that region calculated to
awaken those old feelings which ought to be
trampled out forever.
I said when I was up before that what I
sought as the one thing needful to my country
at this moment was security. I do not see well
how you can vote on any measure now without
bringing it to that great test: does it help to
establish the foundations of security in that
part of our country which has been so unhap-
pily deranged? I ask myself that question
every day. I cannot avoid it; it presses upon
me in all that we do; and when any measure
is proposed which seems to my mind, so far as
it has any influence to impair somewhat the
bases of security, to invigorate, it maybe, anew
the rebel spirit, to quicken the spirit of out-
rage which exists so extensively there, I hope
I shall be pardoned if I array myself against it.
I cannot do otherwise. I am seeking for my
country repose, tranquillity, all that is com-
prehended'in that blessed word—peace. There
is nothing that I will not do to accomplish that
result. It is because I most earnestly seek that
result that I have brought forward the propo-
sition on which you are to vote.
The Senator from Maine in his last remarks
was careful again to express his adhesion to
the test oaths as they exist; he does not seek
to do them away, but he wishes no extension
of them. Now, I desire no extension of
them ; but then I surrender myself freely to
the principle of the case. If sound principle
requires that the test oath shall be extended to
other cases I go where principle leads.
The Senator reminded us that if this pro-
vision was adopted it would bear hard upon
certain persona who were pressed into the
' rebellion and who were really loyal in heart.
Let me ask my friend if that same argument
is not equally strong against every test oath on
our statute-books? Is not the oath hard on all
that class of persons to whctoi the Senator has
referred ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, and- therefore I
would not extend it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says it is hard
and therefore he would not extend it. To that
let me reply, that the principle which governs
in the one case should g"overn io that now be-
fore us. If the oath is proper in"%e other cases
it is proper in this. But the Senator says he
would not extend this principle. Let me say
that the true Unionists at the South, so far as
I have conversed with them, have always been
anxious that you should not in any way im-
pair the efficacy of the existing test oaths.
They saw in them how much of safety and
protection there was for Unionists.
I will not proceed any further. I hope the
Senate will adopt the amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from
Massachusetts will see by referring to the nine-
teenth section of the bill that after proceedings
in voluntary bankruptcy have been commenced
the creditors must file their claims before the
register or before the court. I desire to ask
him before voting on this proposition whether,
if his amendment be adopted, he intends to
apply it also to the creditors, so that no cred-
itor shall have his claim allowed until he takes
the test oath.
Mr. SUMNER. I had not so intended. I
had intended to meet simply the case of a vol-
untary bankruptcy and to require the oath of
the petitioner himself. There I stop.
Mr. HENDERSON. If that be the case I
cannot vote for the proposition. However
