1686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
For per diem of two Government commissioners of
theUtuon Pacific railroad and Union Pacific railway,
eastern division, while attending said meeting of
board of Government directors, commissioners, and
engineer, lor purposes above stated, ten days, at ten
do' lars each per day, $200.
For mileage of three commissioners of said Union
Pacific railroad and Union Pacific railway, eastern
division, fiom their residences to Washington and
b.ick, to attend said meetinR of board referred to
ab*>ve, two hundred and ninety miles, at ten cents per
mile, $290.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out all
of the foregoing paragraphs after the words,
"for contingencies, $500." By a law which
"we passed these companies were bound to pay
all their expenses. Our Clerk inserted them
here, and I move to strike them out.
Mr. HIGBY. When I can be satisfied by
reference to any law that we have passed that
the Pacific Railroad Company are compelled
, to pay the expenses that accrued previous to
the passage of the law, I shall have nothing to
say. But I do not so understand. I have no
objection to their being compelled by law to
pay the expenses of commissioners, or at least
to refund to the Government whatever amount
the Government might be pledged to pay to
those men; but the service provided for in
this bill was performed previous to the passage
of the law of which the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania speaks. I kuow that one of these
commissioners came from California at the
call of the Secretary of War, and that he actu-
ally performed the services that are provided
for in this bill. At that time there was no law
requiring the Central Pacilic Railroad to pay
these expenses. There was nothing in the
law on the subject. Now, does the gentleman
claim that any law which we have passed on
this subject is retroactive ? I am not to be
understood as speaking in favor of this com-
pany—only in favor of those men and others who
performed service getting their pay somewhere.
As it appears that these companies are not
obliged to pay them I think the Government
ought to do so, because the Government did
employ them. When I become satisfied that
the companies are obliged to pay these expenses
I shall have nothing to say.
Mr. STEVENS. When the Government
made grants to these railroad companies it
expected that would end all it had to pay
toward the construction of this road. It never
imagined that the engineers, surveyors, and
commissioners were afterward to come upon
the Goverment for their pay. It supposed that
when the Government did so much for the
benefit of the companies the latter were to
pay their own expenses. Such was the ori-
ginal understanding of those who passed the
law. But afterward these companies came in
with their charges ; and last year these charges
amounted to $70,000. So in July, I860, Con-
gress passed a law in which I find the follow-
ing section, which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Sec. 21. And be it further enacted. That whenever
in any grant of land or other subsidies, made or here-
after to be made, to railroad or other corporations,
the United States has reserved the right, or shall
reserve it, to appoint directors, engineers, commis-
sioners, or other agents to examine said roads, or act
in conjunction with other officers of said company
or companies, all the costs, charges, and pay of said
directors, enginee-s, commissioners, or agents, shall
be paid by the respective companies. Said directors,
engineers, commissioners, or agents shall bo paid for
said services the sum of ten dollars per day Cor each
and every day actually and necessarily employed,
and ten cents per mile for each and every mile ac-
tually and necessarily traveled in discharging the
duties required of them, which perdiem and mileage
shall be in full compensation forsaid services. And
in oase any company shall refuse or neglect to mako
such payments, no more patents for lands or other
subsidies shall be issued to said company until these
requirements are complied with."
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Why not strike
©ut the first two items ?
Mr. STEVENS. I understand the engineers
and officers of the Government were employed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to strike out lines
forty-eight and forty-nine, as follows:
For models for bronzo doors, $8,940.
Mr. KASSON. I wish to inquire of the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
whether I have been correctly informed that
this appropriation is for doors to be put in the
Senate end of the Capitol, and to correspond
with the bronze doors at this end? I am in-
formed that the estimate is for that purpose, to
go on with work already planned.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not care where they
are to be put, I will not vote one dollar for any
such doors at either end of the Capitol or any-
where else. They serve no purpose but to
block up the way ; they are not only useless,
but they are a great nuisance. If some one
will take ours and put them in a museum where
those who wish can go and see them, then I
may consider the propriety of voting for these
new specimens of the same kind, but the idea
of blocking up the passages to these Halls with
such things is mere nonsense.
Mr. CONKLING. Can any gentleman tell
us whether this appropriation is for doors yet
to be constructed, or whether it is to pay for
doors already made?
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I understand that
these estimates are for the construction of
bronze doors to correspond with those at this
end of the Capitol, and to bo placed in the
Senate end. I know nothing about the matter
particularly myself, but I suggest that instead
of appropriating this money for these new doors
we let the Senate remove our bronze doors to
the other end of the Capitol. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. Have these models been
prepared and submitted, and is this an appro-
priation to pay for them, or is it an appropria-
tion inviting the making and presentation of
such models hereafter?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to be for
work to be done in the future; because here
immediately following this there is an appro-
priation " for material for, and casting and fit-
ting the same."
J am very glad that a motion has been made
to strike out this item. I agree entirely with
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
field] that these doors are a nuisance, and
why any person should propose to erect any
more of them in the Capitol I cannot under-
stand. They only block up the way, and ex-
cite a momentary curiosity in the minds of
strangers. If this money is to be appropriated
we had far better spend it for pictures which
will really ornament the Capitol and at the
same time commemorate some of the great
events of the war than for the erection of
these fancy doors. These two appropriations
amount to about thirty thousand dollars, to be
expended for these bronze things merely to
stand there and attract the gaze of the passers-
by. The proposition is absurd, and I hope
the appropriations will be struck out.
Mr. KASSON. I did not hear what the
chairman of the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds said ; but unless some fur-
ther light is given upon this subject, 1 know
of no objection on the part of the committee
to striking out the appropriation, and letting
the Senate take care of their own brass.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HILL. I desire to know whether there
has ever been any law passed authorizing the
making of these models. It is here proposed
to appropriate something over thirty thousand
dollars for these bronze doors. I fully concur
with all that has been said about the utter use-
lessness of these doors, and if we desire to
encourage art by paying for manufactures of
this kind, we certainly had better select some
place for them where they will not be an ob-
struction, as those are which we now have, and
which stand there uselessly with their prongs
sticking out to catch the clothes of those who
have to pass them.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. As reference has been
made to me as the chairman of the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds, I would say
to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kassox,]
that so far as the committee are concerned
this matter has not been before it at all.
Neither do I know of any existing contract for
the expenditure of this money for the con-
struction of these doors, and I beliove there
is none such. The question, I say, has not
been submitted to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds ; and if the Committee
on Appropriations do not know anything about
this matter, and if they have no sufficient data
upon which we may act upon it, certainly the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
have not any such data.
I desire to say to my colleague on the right,
too, that in addition to the other expenditures
connected with these doors we have to pay
$1,200 a year to a watchman to keep people
from stealing the stealable portions of them.
For these reasons I think it very bad policy to
pay out the public money for the erection of
any more of them.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For material for, and casting and fitting the aame,
[bronze doors,] $20,860.
Mr. STEVENS. As the other item has been
stricken out this ought also to be stricken out.
I therefore move to strike out the clause just
read.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For eight additional monolithic columns, $11,200.
Mr. CONKLING. I would like to hear
some explanation of monolithic columns.
Mr. STEVENS. I merely desire to say that
this item is necessary, in order that all these
columns may be monolithic, or each of a single
piece. It has been deemed by the architect
of the Capitol extension to be best that all these
columns should be in one piece each. That
is all the explanation I have to make.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 have not been able to
hear the explanation of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] and I think no
one else about me has been able to hear it. I
want to understand what these magnificent
columns are to be for. Monolithic columns,
I understand, are columns made of a single
stone each.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Conkling] will recollect the contest
we had someyears ago, in relation to the Capitol
extension, over monolithic columns, or col-
umns of a single piece each, and columns of
two or more pieces each. We finally decided
to adopt the monolithic system. The number
for which this item of appropriation is to pro-
vide is a deficiency caused by breakage or some
other cause; there are eight more needed to
complete the full number.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a question of order.
Is there any proposition before the House to
amend ? If not, then I make the point of order
that this debate is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. As general debate upon
this bill has not yet been closed, it is in order
to debate the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. Is there any proposition before
the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. The bill is before the
committee.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
For ventilating, $9,000.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to make an inquiry
in regard to this item. At the last session of
Congress a resolution was adopted directing
the Committee on Public Buildings ana
Grounds, or some other committee, to examine
and report in reference to some system of ven-
tilating this Capitol which would be successful.
I desire to inquire whether anything has been
done by that committee, and if so, whether
this amount of $9,000 for ventilating is at all
connected with that report.
Mr. STEVENS. There was a joint commit-
tee appointed on the subject; but I believe the
committee has never met, and nothing has been
done under the resolution to which the gentle-
man refers.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Census Office:
For the purpose of paying the amount due to certain
United States marshals and their assistants for ser-
vices rendered in taking the eighth census, in the year
1860, in the following States, namely: In the State of
