1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
the Territory as trustee in disposing of this
grant for the benefit of the company. One of
the resolutions passed at the time of the ad-
mission of the State of Wisconsin required the
State of Wisconsin to assume and pay all obli-
gations which were imposed upon the Terri-
tory'in consequence of this land-grant. We
found this company preferring its claim to the
State of Wisconsin, the State of Wisconsin re-
fusing to pay, and the State asserted that the
claim was not a just one. Whenever Wiscon-
sin applied to the United States for the money
in its Treasury belonging to the State of Wis-
consin we met this company insisting that the
money should not be paid to the State until
thsy were settled with, and the struggle went
on for a course of years. Whenever on the
part of the State of Wisconsin the Senators
representing that State presented the claim of
the State and endeavored to have a resolution
passed by Congress which would direct the
payment of this money by the Secretary of the
Interior, we were met by this company.
The question was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary and the Committee on the
Judiciary reported in favor of the resolution
which was passed some two years ago. That
resolution assumed that it was the duty of the
United States, before coming to a settlement
with the State of Wisconsin, to see that the
rights or equitable rights of this company were
in some way or other disposed of. We who
represented the State of Wisconsin were com-
pelled from necessity to yield to the view which
was taken by the committee; and although
we did not urge that view, for we urged that
the money should be paid over to the State of
Wisconsin and that the State of Wisconsin
should be allowed to settle with this corpora-
tion, the Judiciary Committee and the Senate
thought it wise to pass the resolution in its
present shape. They referred it to the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office to settle
the whole matter; and now, as it seems to me,
the only question is, whether the Commissioner
in settling it has given the true construction to
the resolution which was passed by Congress.
It is a simple question of law on the construc-
tion of the resolution itself, whether interest
ought or ought not to be allowed to the com-
pany. That is the whole question.
Although I struggled against the resolution
of 18G4 as it passed in its present shape, al-
though I struggled to have a resolution passed
which would give the money over to the State
of Wisconsin and allow Wisconsin to deal with
the company and Congress have nothing to do
with it, although I used very much the same
argument, which my honorable friend from
Illinois has used to-day, that this matter of set-
tlement was not a thing for Congress to look
into at all, still Congress did decide that they
would do equity among all the parties, and ap-
pointed the Commissioner of the General Land
Office as the tribunal to settle the equities.
Now if he has given a wrong construction to
this instrument when ho has decided that the
company is not entitled to interest, I think
that is a question upon which the Senate can
properly pass. If it were upon a question of
fact and we were asked to go through the
account and see whether he allowed a proper
amount for services rendered or for salaries
* or any of those questions of fact that might
involve the calling of witnesses, I would say
at once with my honorable friend from Illinois
that is a thing we should not l|ok into ; but is
i* a mere construction of the resolution of 1864
we are asked to make, whether they are en-
titled to interest or not. We are asked to pass
on that and give our judgment as to a question
of law, not a question of fact. This is all I
desire to say, Mr. President, on the subject.
The motion to reconsider was rejected.
POWER OF AMNESTY AND PARDON.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to take up the
bill (H. R. No. 828) to repeal section thirteen
of "An act to suppress insurrection, to punish
treason and rebellion, to seize and confiscate
the property of rebels, and for other purposes,"
approved July 17, 1862. It was called up be-
fore and laid aside.
Mr. JOHNSON. WTien this subject was
before the Senate, prior to the recess, I sub-
mitted some remarks to the Senate, but had
not concluded what I purposed to say when
another subject was brought before the body.
If the honorable member from Illinois will
permit the bill to go over until to-morrow it
will be an accommodation to me, for I am not
ready to go on to-day, I did not expect that
the discussion would be resumed to-day. If
he will let it go over until to-morrow I can
very readily in a comparatively short period
say what I intended to have said when the sub-
ject was before us prior to the recess.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill was called up,
I would state to the Senator from Maryland,
when he was out some two or three hours ago,
and in consequence of his not being present
it was then laid aside. I certainly have no
disposition to inconvenience the Senator from
Maryland. I have been struggling to get action
upon this bill on several occasions.
Mr. JOHNSON. It has not been delayed
at my instance. I had the floor and was dis-
cussing it when the Nebraska bill was called
up. If it goes over until to-morrow or when-
ever the Senate meets again, I will then state
what I desire to say.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator desires to
address the Senate upon it, I understand.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. With that understand-
ing I will call it up to-morrow.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion to let me put a bill on its
passage.
Mr. HENDERSON. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
take up Senate bill No. 475.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.] Does the Chair under-
stand the Senator from Illinois as withdrawing
his motion ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
FALSE REPRESENTATIONS TO EMIGRANTS.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 475) to prevent and punish
false and fraudulent representations to induce
emigration to a foreign country. It provides
that if any person shall, within the jurisdiction
of the United States, make false and fraudu-
lent representations to any negro, mulatto, or
other person, for the purpose of inducing such
negro, mulatto, or other person to emigrate to
a foreign country where such negro, mulatto,
or other person would be liable to be sold as
a peon, so called, or otherwise reduced to vir-
tual servitude, the person so offending shall
be punished on conviction by a fine of not less
than ยง500 nor more than $5,000, or by impris.-
onment not exceeding five years, or by both
punishments. If the master or owner or per-
son having charge of any vessel shall, within
the jurisdiction of the United States, receive
on board or shall allow to be received on board
any negro, mulatto, or other person, with the
knowledge that such negro, mulatto, or other
person has been induced by false and fraudu-
lent representations to embark in such vessel
to proceed to a foreign country, State, or place
where such negro, mulatto, or other person
would be liable to be sold as a peon or reduced
to virtual servitude, such master, owner, or
other person offending shall bo punished by a
fine not exceeding ยง5,000 nor less than $500,
or by imprisonment not exceeding five years,
or by both punishments, and the vessel on
board of which such negro, mulatto, or other
person was received to be carried away shall
be forfeited to the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to amend the bill
by striking out in the eighth line of the first
section the word "virtual," and inserting
''involuntary;" so as to read, "reduced to
involuntary servitude."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think it is very evi-
dent that there is not a quorum of Senators
here; and I rise therefore to move an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. SUMNER. I think there can be. no ques-
tion about this bill. If the Senator were op-
posed to the bill I should expect him 'o object;
but I think I shall have his concurrence.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not make the
motion with any view to the merits of the bilL
I was not thinking about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Chair understand the Senator from Indiana to
move an adjournment?
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator is very
anxious without a quorum to proeeed with the
consideration of his bill I shall not insist on
the motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I thought the bill would
take very little time, and by passing it there
would be one bill struck off the Calendar.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I move also that the same
word "virtual," in the tenth line of the second
section, be struck out and " involuntary" sub-
stituted therefor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made to conform to the preceding
one, if iio objection be interposed.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, Mr. President, that
the bill may be understood before the vote is
taken upon it, I will call attention first to its
title "A bill to prevent and punish false and
fraudulent representations to induce emigration
to a foreign country." I will then ask the
attention of the Senate to a very short dispatch
which has been communicated to me by the
Departmentf of State from our minister in Peru.
It is as follows :
Legation of the United States.
Lima, Peru, November 28,1866.
Sir: I have been positively informed that Mr,
Antonio Millan left Peru on the last steamer for
New York for the purpose of bringing out a cargo of
negroes from the united States to this country. I
fully concur in the views expressed in your order to
prevent the immigration of that race to Peru; their
condition would certainly not be improved, and they
would share the fate 01 the coolies, who are now
meeting with very harsh treatment in some locali-
ties.
I have the honor to be, with great respect, your
obedient servant,
ALVIN P. HOVEY.
Hon. W. H. Sewabd,
Secretary of State of the United States.
There is other evidence that has been com-
municated to me by the State Department,
showing that this person has actually arrived
in New York, and that in conversation with
some of his associates he has boasted that he
would successfully carry out his plans. In
short, he has commenced the work of obtain-
ing these negroes in order to use them practi-
cally as coolies in foreign countries. It was
thought by the committee to whom the subject
was referred that we owed it to ourselves to
provide by legislation as far as we could against
any such conduct. I think the bill has been
carefully drawn, and that it meets the ease.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to strike out
the words "negro, mulatto, or other" wherever
they occur in the bill, so as to read "any per-
son." so as not to be legislating with a view to
any particular class. I suppose they are per-
sons. We might just as well say "negro, mu-
latto, or white persons." If the words I pro-
pose are stricken out, it will read, "make false
representations to any person," so as not to
seem to be legislating for any class.
Mr. SUMNER. That very point was care-
fully considered by the committee, and after
consideration it was thought advisable that
these words should be introduced precisely as
they now stand in the bill. In introducing
them we have but followed the practice of
legislation which is to repeat, not to stop
merely with one word, but to repeat, so as on
the very face of the legislation if possible to
point out the evil which you intend to remove.
If yon simply adopt the language "any per-
son," though that of course would be appli-
cable to any negro or mulatto, it would not so
completely as the text of the present bill put the
