1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1687
California, $9,460 48; in the State of Maine, $33 06;
in the State of Ohio, $49 69; in the State of Oregon,
$3,160 20; in tho S'ato of Kansas, $68 40; in the Si..te
ot Kentucky, $9,3tl 50; in the Stnte of Maryland,
$4,"81 40; in the State ot Missouri, $3,343; in the State
of Tennessee, $20.842 18; in the Territory of New Mex-
ico, $784 63; in the Territory of Washington, $99 09.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend this para-
graph by adding to it the total of the sums
contained in it, namely, " §56,933 G9."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANLER. I move further to amend
this paragraph by adding the following :
That no portion of the money provided to be paid
by this net. or by any other future act for making
appropriations, or any act to supply deficiencies for
the service of the Government, shall be paid to any
person or persons in the employment of any Depart-
ment of the United States Government who during
the time or term of be.ng so employed shall belong
to any political club or partisan organization.
Mr. Chairman, my object in offering this
amendment is to try and assimilate the char-
acter and position of the civil employes of
the Government with the military and naval
officers, who ever since the establishment of
this Government have been forbidden to take
any active part in the political affairs of this
country. There can be nothing derogatory in
requiring of the civil employes of the Gov-
ernment the same course of conduct in this
respect as is required of the heroes of our
Army and Navy, who have maintained the
integrity of the Government against all attacks ■
on land and sea.
We all know that the present system of con- ;
trolling Government employes is an Augean
stable of political corruption and filth, which
has been organized in connection with every
Department of this Government. It isa fruit-
ful sOurce of the cancers which are eating out
the purity and vitality of our representative
form of government. The propositions which
have been offered here by gentlemen on all
sides of this House prove that this proposition
of mine cannot be regarded as a partisan meas-
ure in any sense. And I can conceive of no
more appropriate time for beginning this re-
form in that direction than this present appro-
priation bill for supplying deficiencies. Defi-
ciencies in appropriations of money for carry-
ing on the different Departments of our Govern-
ment should be put under the severest restric-
tions. The different Departments are required
by law to lay before Congress at the com-
mencement of its sessions their various esti-
mates for the necessary expenses of the Gov-
ernment.
On the contrary, instead of obeying the law,
the gentlemen who surround the executive
department as Secretaries and clerks retain in
their own possession, and to the latest moment
hold back from the people and their represent-
atives here, all information relative to the con-
dition of the Government, especially its finan-
cial affairs.
Now, sir, the paragraph to which I propose
to append this proviso proposes to pay large
sums of money for traveling through the coun-
try ; and it will afford great facilities to certain
persons in keeping up political organizations,
thereby wasting, in political maneuvering, time
for which they are paid on the presumption
that it is spent in collecting returns for the
ccnsus. I make no direct charge against the
persons employed in this particular instance. I
am not acquainted with any of them ; I have
nothing to say against them individually.
But it is an established fact, known to every
one who has studied the movements of the
political organizations of this country, that
the first effort made by a successful political
engineer is to secure for himself a permanent
salary under the protection of the Represent-
ative who may be sent here by his assistance
at primary elections. I do not say that under
the pure and admirable system of political
organization established by the loyal leagues
of the country such things are done. My
ignorance in regard to such organizations forces
me to admit that in their particular instance
there may or may not be corruption. But, sir,
the history of political organizations shows
that when exerting for partisan purposes the
machinery of the Government, they are antag-
onistic to the free exercise of the ballot by the
citizen, who is thus debarred from his proper
influence in changing the tone of the Govern-
ment or directing its policy. Sir, these men
enrolled in the service of the body-politic, are
like the Swiss Guard, who in the last century
entered the service of the French monarchy, j
and who being hired for lhat specific purpose,
although citizens of the only republic in Europe,
shed their blood in defense of the greatest tyr-
anny and most corrupt Government of Europe.
Sir, it is time that this Swiss Guard and corrupt
corps of political janizaries and dishonest deni-
zens within the body-politic of our Government
should be driven away. The whole system
should be changed. I hope that this Congress
may take into consideration the public interests
involved in this question, and that this amend-
ment will encounter no partisan opposition. |
The amendment was not agreed to. i
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend by adding
the following proviso to the amendment just
adopted on my motion :
Provided, That no part of the sum hereby appro-
priated shall be paid to or on account of any claim-
ant who participated in the late rebellion or gavo to t
it aid and comfort.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Indian Bureau:
For this amount, to carry out tho act of Congress
approved May 5.1854, entitled "An act to vacate
and sell the present Indian reservations in Utah Ter-
ritory, and to settle the Indians of said Territory in
the Uintah valley," $15,000.
Mr. KASSON. I more to amend by striking
out the paragraph just read, which has already
been included in another bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For this amount, to supply a deficiency in the ap-
propriation for incidental expenses of the Indian
service in Utah, for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1864, $12,000.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend by striking
out the paragraph just read. It has already
been included in another bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may bo
necessary to pay tho indebtedness incurred for the
Indian service in the State of Oregon and Territory
of Washington, in the years I860, 1861, and 1862,
$40,000.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend by striking
out the paragraph just read.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
oppose this amendment. I do not know why
the gentleman from Iowa should move to strike
outthisparagraph. TheCommittee on Appro-
priations had before tbem letters from the Sec-
retary of the Interior and the head of the Indian
Bureau, stating that there were vouchers on
file in that Department which had been there
for years, showing that industrious mechanics
had claims against the Government for services
performed for the Indians in Oregon and Wash-
ington Territory in 1861 and 1862—claims
which ought to be paid, but for which no appro-
priations had been made. Last year the Sen-
ate made an appropriation of $40,000 for this
very purpose, but in the House that appropria-
tion was stricken out because it was claimed
that it ought to be inserted in a deficiency bill.
That was the only objection.
There is no doubt in regard to the justice
of these claims. The vouchers are all in the
Department, and they simply want an appro-
priation to pay these laborers, many of whom
are in necessitous circumstances. My atten-
tion was called to the matter by one of my
constituents, a carpenter and joiner, who per-
formed service for the Indian reservation to
the amount of $1,300. It was in this way my
attention was called to it. I called upon the
Department and all the vouchers were upon
file. I hope my friend will not object to it.
Mr. KASSON. My recollection of the action
of the committee is substantially the same as
that of my friend except in one particular.
There was ona claim in reference to which
special attention was called. The voucher
was submitted to the committee and they
approved it. The evidence submitted to the
committee was sufficient in this case, but I
was not aware the committee had agreed
to the appropriation of this entire sum to
cover cases where the vouchers had not been
submitted.
Mr. SPALDING. Let me refresh the mem-
ory of the gentleman from Iowa. They did first
object to any olher than this individual claim,
but they agreed if the Department would fur-
nish items for the other claims, with vouchers,
they would make an appropriation to cover
them all. Those items were sent in and this
appropriation was made accordingly. That is
the fact about it. I went to the Department
and procured those items.
Mr. STEVENS. The action of the com-
mittee was distinct. We did agree to appro-
priate enough to pay $1,300 to the person men-
tioned by the gentleman from Ohio. We never
examined any other vouchers, and in my judg-
ment the committee never ordered this appro-
priation to be inserted. I move to strike out
the section and insert a provision to pay the
amount of $1,300 which we did agree to.
Mr. SPALDING. I cannot be mistaken
about this. I can have no interest in any other
person than the one named, but I want to do
justice to all concerned as well as to my con-
stituent.
Mr. STEVENS. To the claim of his con-
stituent we do not object, but to the others
we do.
Mr. KASSON. We have become aware
that an unlimited number of claims come from
Oregon and the amount has never been invest-
igated by any committee of Congress. I
believe that this amount was inserted one or
two years ago, but it was stricken out upon
the ground that it ought not to be included in
an appropriation bill without having been in-
vestigated by a committee before whom all the
papers and vouchers should be presented. It
was further objected that the appropriation
did not belong to a deficiency bill.
I do not deny the fact is as stated by the
gentleman from Ohio, but I was not present
when the subsequent action took place. I
hope the section will not be retained.
Mr. STEVENS. What was the amount of
the claim of the gentleman's constituent?
Mr. SPALDING. His name is O. W. Barnes,
and the amount is $1,300.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to insert that.
Mr. SPALDING. I am thankful to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania for taking care of
my constituent, but really I think the other
claims for which the items have been submitted
are equally just, and we should vote for them
with as much cheerfulness.
message from tiie senate.
The committee informally rose.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the iron-clad bill.
enrolled bills and joint resolutions.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills and joint resolutions
of the following titles ; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (H. R. No. 1166) to authorize the
building of light-houses therein mentioned, and
for other purposes ;
An act (H. R. No. 588) for the relief of
Richard Chenery;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 268) to pay
Lieutenant John H. Hamlin for military ser-
vices ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 222) prohibiting
payment by any officer of the Government to
any person not known to have been opposed
to the rebellion and in favor of its suppres-
sion ; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 205) for the
erection of an equestrian statue to the memory
of Brevet Lieutenant General Winfield Scott.
