1012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
pay fifty cents on the dollar or obtain a ma-
jority in number and amount of his creditors
to release him. Twenty years of -experience
proves that system to be eminently wise, and
• under its operations there can be no question
that business affairs are carried on with more
caution, with more care than before.
Now, we hate stricken this out, and what are
we to have? There are tens and tens of thou-
sands of debtors in the country who will take
advantage of this act, who want to be released
and ought to be released; but we make it a
Sermanent system, and men who two years
ence can get anybody to credit them can rush
in and take advantage of this act and pay noth-
ing, and in some of the States hold $100,000 of
property and nothing can be realized by their
creditors, for the exemption laws of some
States may enable them to do it and cover it up.
This is the way the matter stands. I think
if the bill had stood as it came from the House
of Representatives that no great hardship would
be imposed on any portion of the people ; that
after the first year or two we should find it
working admirably; we should find that in all
parts of the country the practical operation
would be to make debtors less reckless and
creditors more careful. It would have had an
excellent influence upon business operations
in the country. Men, instead of going on reck-
lessly when they were in debt, until they squan-
dered everything they had, would see where
they stood, and would feel that they had got
to pay fifty cents on the dollar or else satisfy
their creditors that they had acted honestly.
We should have had fault enough found with
the bill if we had passed it in the form in
which it was passed by the House of Repre-
sentatives. Gentlemen vRted for it in that
House, in the form in which it came to us,
who desired to have fifty cents paid or no dis-
charge without the assent of creditors here-
after, and to let all persons who wish to take
advantage of the act, who are now embarrassed,
to do so for one year without being subject to
that requirement. The bill passed with their
votes ; it came here ; and we have stricken out
that provision, I believe that vote to be wrong.
I believe we are starting a system by this bill
as it stands that will encourage dishonesty,
recklessness, and carelessness in business af-
fairs. If that provision had boon retained
the debtors of the country who are now debt-
ors, who have been embarrassed for years,
would bo able to obtain their releases, and
then in the future men engaged in business
would know that under the national bankrupt
law they must pay their creditors fifty cents
on the dollar, or they must so conduct their
affairs as to satisfy a majority in number and
amount of their creditors that they honestly
ought to be discharged, and there would be no
hardship upon honest men in requiring them
to obtain that assent. As it is now I shall not
and cannot give my vote to the measure. I
shall vote against it.
Mr. COWAN. I have merely a word to say,
and I wish to say it before the final vote is
taken.
I am opposed to the bill in toto, for other,
however, and very different reasons than those
given by the Senator from Massachusetts. I
am opposed to the bill because it is to be ad-
ministered through the medium of registers
and the United States courts, machinery utterly
and totally unable to administer any law of the
kind, and which will render it so obnoxious
that it will not remain on the statute-book
longer than the act of 1841 did; and that went
from the books simply because it was admin-
istered in the United States courts.
_ Mr. President, a bankrupt law to be effica-
cious must be as near to the people as an in-
solvent law,astay law, or any other law. You
cannot administer any law of this kind in a
great State like Pennsylvania, for instance,
with the courts one hundred and fifty miles
apart: it is utterly impossible. The people
cannot get to them. The court becomes merely
the medium by which ail the rogues and knaves
of the country are sifted through in fraud of
their creditors ; and the creditors in such cases
not being able to get into the courts, except
very few of them, never get a dividend. I think
in western Pennsylvania, under the bankrupt
law of 1841, there never was a dividend made;
there never was a dollar paid to a creditor; and
the creditors, other than those who resided
perhaps in the city of Pittsburg, could not get
to the court. How was a man to go a hundred
miles who had a claim against a bankrupt, say
for $100? He would say at once, *' It_ is not
worth while to go for that; I might just as
well lose it as go there and give it all to the
lawyers, to prevent this fellow from pursuing
his fraudulent claim to a dischargeand hence
it is that the creditors give it up, stay at home,
and the whole results in a gross and gigantic
fraud, which the people will soon repudiate and
strike out.
Under the Constitution it is the duty of Con-
gress to pass uniform laws on the subject of
bankruptcy, just as it is their duty to pass uni-
form rules of naturalization; but these laws
ought to be administered in the State courts,
where they can be brought to the doors of the
people, and where those whose interests are to
be affected by the proceedings in bankruptcy
can go into court, and where they can go with-
out such extraordinary expenses as would be
incurred by going into the United States courts.
If, then, the bill had been framed so as to be
administered in the common law courts of the
United States, there is no difficulty in the world
about it; no necessity in the world why you
should create two hundred or three hundred
or five hundred or six hundred registers, and
cover the country with a swarm of officers. If
it'had been put, I say, into the State courts
and administered through the common law
judges of the State courts known to the people,
where the business of the country is wont to
be administered then the law might have been
efficacious.
There is nothing about the law which re-
quires it to be administered in the United
States courts. In fact every characteristic of
the law would require it to be administered in
the State courts, in the common law courts. I
know that a great many people entertain the
idea that it is like the fugitive-slave law; you
could not compel the State courts to adminis-
ter it. That is not the case; State courts ad-
minister the naturalization laws; and why not
administer the bankrupt laws? The clause in
the Constitution which confers authority over
both is in pari materia and almost in haic
verba, almost in the same words.
Mr. President, believing, as I do, that this
law will simply become the engine of fraud
and corruption, and will become odious to the
people, as all laws of the kind must necessarily
be when they are carried into strange tribunals,
and when they are required to travel one hun-
dred and fifty or two hundred miles before they
can get to them, I am opposed to this bill. I
agree it may do very well in Rhode Island; it
may do very well in Delaware; it might do in
a small State where the United States court is
convenient; butin agreat State like New York,
Pennsylvania, or Ohio, to my mind it is as idle
a dream as ever was entertained to suppose
that you can administer a bankrupt law there
and make it satisfactory to the people; and I
venture the prediction now, that if you pass
this bill it will not remain on your statute-
book unrepealed two years.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall vote for the bill,
but with great reluctance. Two votes of the
Senate to-day have gone very far to diminish
my interest in the measure, which I have
watched with the profoundest sympathy from
its first introduction into this Chamber. The
vote by which this bill is opened to rebels is
one; the other is the vote on which my col-
league has commented, which seems to me in
its nature improvident at least, if not inequit-
able. It was only a little while ago that I had
the privilege of conversing with two different
gentlemen, each of whom I regard as more
than respectable authority on this subject. One
was a professional gentleman of New York,
who had recently visited every one of the rebel
States; the other was a very distinguished and
philanthropic merchant of the North, who had
debts in the South to the amount of a great
many tens of thousands of dollars. Both of
those gentlemen concurred in recommending
the two provisions to which I now allude.
Both insisted that this bill, in order to be made
properly efficacious and beneficial, must ex-
clude the rebels from its benefit; and they
also insisted that a discharge should not be
given without the consent ot a majority of the
creditors where there were not assets to the
amount of fifty per cent.
These gentlemen spoke from great knowl-
edge and experience. My own judgment has
been in harmony with what I may call their
testimony. It is in that spirit that I have
acted. I have sought to amend the bill in
good faith. I have failed, and for the moment
I shall yield. I regret very much the votes of
the Senate. I am sure that if the bill becomes
a law those votes will impair its value very
much; I might almost say incalculably. I do
not know that they will not make us regret its
passage.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to say one word
with reference to what has been said by the
Senator from Massachusetts. In relation to
his objection that we have failed to incorporate
into this bill the test oath, I have no doubt
but whal; the gentleman will change his mind
upon sleeping upon it. I cannot believe that
that idea will last him twenty-four, hours.
Mr. SUMNER. I have slept upon it a great
many weeks and months.
Mr. POLAND. In relation to the other ques-
tion, the objection that the bill does not contain
the provision of the Massachusetts insolvent
law, of which we have heard so much, I do not
regard that as vital; and if it be true, as has
been stated, that the members bf the House
f?om Massachusetts were induced to vote for
the bill because it contained this provision, and
the House should non-concur in this amend-
ment of the Senate, I cannot suppose that on
the part of the Senate that would be made a
division between the two Houses upon which
the bill should fail. It certainly would not so
far as I am concerned.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
It was read a third time.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. COWAN (when his name was called)
said: I would vote against the bill. I am paired
off, however, with the Senator from Rhode Isl-
and, [Mr. Anthony,] who would vote for the
bill, be not being able to come to the Chamber.
Mr. HxVRRIS, (after first voting in the af-
firmative.) I desire to change my vote. I
vote "nay."
The result was announced—yeas 20, nays
22 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Conness, Dixon, Doolit-
tle, Edmunds, t'essenden, Foster, Howard, Howe,
Johnson, McDougall. Morgan, Norton, Poland,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross. Stewart, Sumner, and Van
■Winkle—20.
NAYS—Mossrs. Brown, Buekalew, Cragin, Davis,
Fogg, Fowler, Grimes, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks,
Kirkwood. Lane, Morrill, Patterson, Saulsbury,
Sheiman, Trumbull, Wade, Willey, Williams,Wilson,
and Yates—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Cowan, Cres-
well, Erelimfliuysen, Guthrie, Nesmith, Nye, Riddle,
and Sprague—10.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. CHANDLER and others addressed the
Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Michigan. Prior to recognizing any
Senator, however, the Chair, with the permis-
sion of the Senate, will lay before the Senate
a message from the President of the United
States.
Mr. SHERMAN, Mr. WILSON, and others,
addressed the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will not offer the messages if Senators insist
on submitting motions.
