1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1013
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
the messages being laid before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to enter a privileged
motion. I wish to enter a motion to recon-
sider the vote on the bankrupt bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion to reconsider will be entered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House^ bill No.
344, the'bill to construct the Niagara ship-canal.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the executive
business.
Mr. CHANDLER. Letmy motionbeputfirst.
Mr.GRIMES. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, there being on
a division—ayes 25, noes 13 ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 5, 18G7.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Botnton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
investigation of indian affairs.
Mr. W1ND0M. _ The Committee on Indian
Affairs, who were instructed by the House to
make an investigation in regard to the admin-
istration of the Indian Bureau, have directed
me to make a report. I move that it be re-
committed to the committee and ordered to be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WTNDOM. I also present a minority
report on the same subject. I move that the
same disposition be made of it.
The motion was agreed to.
jo tin powlm and company.
Mr. BID WELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a'joint resolution for the relief of
John Fowler & Co. ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask unanimous
consent to submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to report tho tariff biil as_ amended by
the Senate, in such a manner as to exhibit the rates
of duty imposed on the several articles under the
tariff in lorce on the 1st day of April, 1801; on the
1st day of January, 18G5; and theratcs proposed by
llouse bill No. 718, as amended by the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Ways
and Means are in session on the tariff bill, and
not one of the members is now present.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. This is only for
the convenience of members when they come
to consider the bill.
Mr. JENCKES. I object.
MATILDA VICTOR.
Onmotionof Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana,
leave was granted for the withdrawal from the
files of the House of the papers in the case of
Matilda Victor, on condition that copies of
them were left.
i'ltANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. FINCK, by unanimous consent submit-
ted the following report; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed:
The Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
to whom was referred the following resolution:
" Resolved, That the franking privilege be con-
tinued to the members of the Thirty-Ninth Congress,
the same asif the Fortieth Congress did not meet until
the first Monday in December next.5'
Report, that they have duly considered the subject.
The forty-second section of an act to amend the laws
relating to the Post Office Department, provides
that the authority to frank mail matter is conferred
upon and limited to the following persons:
1. The President of the United States, by himself
or his Private Secretary.
2. The Vice President of the United States.
3. Thechiefsof the several Executive Departments.
4. Such principal officers, being heads of bureaus,
or chief clerks of each Executive Department, to be
used only for official communications, as the Post-
master General shall by regulation prescribe.
o. Senators and Representatives in the Congress of
tho United States, including Dolegates from Terri-
tories, the Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of the
House of Representatives, to covor correspondence
to and from them* and all printed matter issued by
authority of Congress, and nil speeches, proceedings,
and debates in Congress, and all printed matter sent
to them; their franking privilege to commence with
term tor which they are elected, and to expire tho
first Monday of December following such term of
office, &<s.
And it is furthor provided in said section:
"That the franking privilege heretofore granted
shall be limited to packages weighing not exceeding
four ounces; except petitions to Congress and con-
gressional or executive documents, and such pub-
lications or books as have or may bo published,
procured, or purchased by order of either House of
Congress or a joint resolution of the two Houses,
which shall bo considered as public documents, and
entitled to be franked as such; and except also seeds,
cuttings, roots, and scions, thoweight of the package
of which may be fixed by regulation of tho Postmaster
General."
Mr. FINCK. By this section the franking
privilege to Senators and Representatives in
Congress, &c., does not expire until the first
Monday of Decemher following such term of
office. The committee are therefore of opinion
that no further legislation, such as is contem-
plated by said resolution, is necessary, and ask
to be discharged from the further consideration
of the subject.
reception of general philip ii. sheridan.
Mr. SCIIENCIv. _ Mr. Speaker, I have the
pleasure of announcing to the House of Rep-
resentatives the presence in this Hall of "Phil.
Sheridan," whom every man writes down " a
soldier." [Great applause upon the floor and
in the galleries. ] I move that he be introduced
to this House by the Speaker, and for that pur-
pose the House take a recess for five minutes.
The motion, amid applause, was unani-
mously agreed to.
A recess was accordingly taken, and Major
General Philip H. Sheridan, United States
Army, in company with General U. S. Grant,
was escorted by the Speaker and Mr. Sciiexck
to the Speaker's stand.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen of the House
of Representatives, it affords me peculiar
pleasure by your order this day to introduce
to you Major General Philip, H. Sheridan.
[Applause. J While this country will cherish
in the heart of hearts of all loyal people the
achievements upon fields of danger and of
death of all its glorious defenders, they can
never forget one who was brave among the
bravest, true among the truest, and the recol-
lection of whose deeds will survive as long as
history shall endure. 1 present to you General
Philip II. Sheridan. [Great applause.]
General Siieuidax. Gentlemen, I am much
obliged to yon for this very kind and unex-
pected reception. [Renewed applause.]
Tho Speaker then presented individually
the members of tho House to General Grant
and Major General Sheridan.
The time for tho recess having expired, the
Speaker resumed the chair, and called the
House to order.
message from the senate.
A message was received from tho Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed a bill (S. No. 4G1) for
the grant of land to the State of California to aid
in the construction of certain railroads in said
State, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
It farther announced that the Senate had in-
definitely postponed House bill No. 84, to reg-
ulate the time and place of holding the district
court of the United States within and for £he
district of Maine.
samuel downing.
Mr. McINDOE, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions,
reported a bill granting additional pension to
Samuel Downing, the last surviving soldier of
the revolutionary war ; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Samuel Downing, the last
surviving soldier of the revolutionary war,
upon the pension-roll for additional pension
at the rate of $500 per annum from the 3d of
September, I860, to continue during the re-
mainder of his life.
Mr. MARVIN. Mr. Downing resides in
Saratoga county; he is ono hundred and five
years of age, and is the last surviving soldier
of the Revolution now on the pension-roll. I
am personally acquainted with him, and know
him to be a worthy man. He deserves of his
country this small sum as a testimonial of
the respect and veneration in which he is held
by a grateful people — a testimonial to one
who fought with Washington for our independ-
ence. 1 trust there will not be a dissenting
voice in this House against this act of justice
to this old man.
Mr. McINDOE moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. ANCONA. I would like to suggest an
amendment to this bill. This House passed a
bill a few days ago for the relief of the last
surviving soldier of the revolutionary war, and
I think this should be amended so as to read,
" one of the. last surviving soldiers."
Mr. McINDOE. I have no objection.
The amendment was accordingly made.
The main question was ordered ; and under
the operation thereof the bill was ordered to
bo engrossed and road a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. McINDOE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported a bill making appro-
priations for tho support of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 1808, and for other pur-
poses; which was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on tho state of the Union, or-
dered to be printed, and made the spccial
order for Saturday next after the morning
hour, and from day to day till disposed of.
vacancy on a committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair appoints to
fill the vacancy on the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, occasioned by the death
of Mr. Johnson, the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Campbell.]
fortification bill.
Mr. ROLLINS. I call for the regular order.
The House resumed the special order, being
the consideration of the bill pending at the
adjournment last evening, (H. R. No. 919,)
making appropriations for the construction,
preservation, and repairs of certain fortifica-
tions and other works of defense, for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1808, tho pending ques-
tion being 011 agreeing to the report of the
Committee of the Whole, recommending that
the enacting words be stricken out.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
07, noes 44.
Mr. LYNCH demanded the yeas and nays;
and tellers on ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair appointed
Messrs. Lixciiand Scofield.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-eight.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 87, nays GG, not voting
47 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Ancona, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Baker, Bnxter, Brandcgee, Bromwell,
Broomall, Buckland, Bundy, Campbell. Header W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conklmg, Cook, Cooper,
Cullom, Deireop, Delano, Deming, Denison, Eekley,
Eggleston, Eldridge.Farquhar, Finck, Garfield,Gloss-
brenner, Goodyear, Griswold, Aaron Harding, Abner
C.Harding, Hawkins, Hayes, Henderson, Ilise.IIogan,
Ilotehkiss, Edwin N.Hubbell, James R. Hubbell. In-
gersoll, Julian, Kerr,Ketcliam, Ivoontz, Kuykenda.il,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Le Blond,
Lcftwicli, Maynard, MoCIurf?, MeCullough, Moor-
head, Moulton, Nicholson, Soell, Orth, Samuel J.
Randall, Ritter.Ross, Rousseau, Scofield, Shellabar-
ger, Sloan, Spalding, Stifwell, Stokes, ISefson -tay-
lor, Thayer, Francs Thomas, Thointon. Trimble,
Trowbridge, Varf^Aernam, Robert 1. Van Horn,
Andrew H. Ward, Hamilton Ward, Warner, Welker,
Wentvrorlh, Whaley, Jpmop I*. Wilson, Stephen P.
Wilson, and Winfield—87.
