1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1689
pose of ascertaining the facts relative to the Indian
massacre near that place on the 21st of December,
1866, including pay of commissioners, traveling ex-
penses, presents, and rations lor the Indians when
necessary, and pay of guides and interpreters, $20,000.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would inquire if this
commission has already been appointed and
started.
Mr. WINDOM. The President has already
appointed the members of the commission, a
number of whom I know.
Mr. SPALDING. I would ask the gentle-
man if any of these commissioners were mem-
bers of Congress ?
Mr. WINDOM. Not that I am aware of.
I believe it is important that this commis-
sion should be appointed. One of two poli-
cies must be pursued in reference to the Indians
of this country. Either a commission of this
kind must bo appointed and sent out there to
ascertain if possible and separate the friendly
from the unfriendly Indians, and thus prevent
a general war by conciliating them in some
way, or we must pursue the other policy sug-
gested by General Sherman. I am in favor of
the more humane policy, which will attempt to
settle our differences there by making this
investigation. If this be not done, then I Will
say to the House that I believe the policy pro-
posed by General Sherman must, be adopted
by this Government in reference to these In-
dians. I will read what General Sherman says
in a dispatch to General Grant. The dispatch
is as follows:
St. Louis, December 28,18G6.
Gexekal: Just arrived in time to attend the fu-
neral ol my adjutant greneral, Sawyer. X have given
general instructions to General Cooke about the
Sioux. I do not yet understand how the massacro
of Colonel Fetterman's party* eoukl have been so
complete. We must act with vindictivo earnest-
ness 
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a point of order.
I endeavored to get the floor for that purpose,
when the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr.
Windom] first began to speak upon this sub-
ject, but failed to obtain the recognition of the
Chair. I have been told that if I delay making
my point of order until the gentleman gets
through it will be too late. I now make the
point of order that this amendment includes
additional legislation, which is not appropriate
to this bill.
Mr. WINDOM. I think the point of order
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scofield] is made too late.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must decide
that the point of order is made too late, the
fentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Windom]
aving already occupied the floor for some
time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rose in time, but the
Chair recognized the gentleman from Minne-
sota, [Mr. Windom.1
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not ob-
serve the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Scofield] seeking to obtain the floor.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That may be; but I cer-
tainly tried to obtain it.
Mr. WINDOM. At all events the point of
order was not made in time.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order was
not made until it was too late.
Mr. WINDOM. I was proceeding to say
that we must pursue the course I have advo-
cated, or some such course as that suggested
by General Sherman, whose dispatch I was
reading, and which concludes as follows:
We must act with vindictive earnestness against
the bioux, even to their extermination, men", women,
and children. Nothing less wili reach the root of this
case. w. T. SHERMAN,
Lieutenant General.
For one, although I have as little affection
for the Sioux Indians as any man in this
House may have, I am not prepared to adopt
the policy proposed by General Sherman, who
is in command of all this Indian country. I
was told by a gentleman yesterday that he was
taught by myself a few years ago to treat the
Indians with vindictiveness. That may be so ;
I am aware that some years ago, after the
bloody Indian massacres in the State of Min-
nesota, I did insist upon the hanging of thirty-
nine guilty men. But I never said on this j
floor or anywhere else that the Government :
of the United States should put its heavy hand ,
on the throats of little Indian babies and crush !
them. I have never asked here or elsewhere
that these Indians should be ruthlessly mur-
dered. I am not in favor of that policy at all.
I am in favor of a policy which will prevent
an Indian war in this country, and not the
policy of making an indiscriminate slaughter
of women and children, thus making us a dis-
grace to the whole civilized world. I hope
this amendment will be adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope this amendment
will not be adopted. We have been sending
but commission after commission to make trea-
ties with nations and tribes of Indians and
individual Indians. I never knew any one of
these negotiators who did not comeback richer
than he went. I think if there is any propriety
in this item it ought to be inserted in another
bill. I hope we shall not encumber this bill
by the adoption of the amendment. j
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Chairman, may we
understand of whom this commission consists,
how many persons constitute it, who they are,
and what they are? In the absence of any
statement on this point I hope this amend-
ment will not be adopted. 1
Mr. WINDOM. I have heard the names of
all those composing this commission, but I
recollect only two or three. One is'General '
Sully, another General Sanborn. Some of ,
them are civilians. i
Mr. CONKLING. I think we had better
take this matter up at some time when we can
have some information as to who these men
are and what they are. I do not like to vote
blindly upon a proposition of this sort. I
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to inquire whether one
of the commissioners named is not a general
officer in the military service. I understand
that to be the fact.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word.
Mr. Chairman, I am unwilling to vote for the
atnendment without some clearer comprehen-
sion of it. In the first place, I understand
from the statement of the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, [Mr. Wisdom,]
confirmed in part by the statement of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Davis,] that
several of these conlmissioners—I believe the
chairman has said all—are officers in the mili-
tary service of the Government. If so, they
are liable to be sent upon this service in the
discharge of their duties as officers, and will
receive mileage in addition to their regular
pay. Hence there is no need of any appro-
priation for their compensation. If this com-
mission were composed of civilians there
might be some necessity for such an appropri-
ation.
' Mr. WINDOM. I said that some of the
commissioners were civilians. General San-
born has been in the Army.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, sir, we are left in
the dark in regard to this matter. Some
members of this commission are known to be
military officers. If so, they will during their
service on this commission draw their regular
pay as well as an allowance for traveling
expenses, unless transportation be furnishea
to them. Hence there is no need, so far as
they are concerned, for this appropriation.
Mr. WINDOM. I presume that no part of
this appropriation would go to pay thosfe al-
ready subject to the orders of the President as
military officers; it would be applied to-the
payment of the civilians, and also for presents
and rations for the Indians, and other expenses,
as specified in the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. That may be; but we do
not know who those other members of the
commission are.
Another thing strikes me as very peculiar,
considering the discussion we had here recently
in reference to Indian affairs. It has been
contended that whatever is done with regard
to the supervision or inspection of Indian ;
affairs must be done through the civil admin- !
istration ; that only civilians are competent to
deal fairly and justly with the Indians and to
prevent depredations and murders by them.
Yet here is a proposition for a commission,
the appointment of which is vested in the Pres-
ident, without our knowing who are to consti-
tute this commission, except that it is to con-
sist in great part, if not altogether, of military
men ; and the proposition comes from the gen-
tleman who denied the propriety of putting the
inspection and supervision of Indian affairs in
the hands of military men.
Mr. WINDOM. As the gentleman alludes
to me, I presume he will yield for an explana-
tion.
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh, yes.
Mr. WINDOM. I am somewhat astonished
that the intelligent gentleman from Ohio should
make an assertion of this kind. I have stated
within the last five minutes that although I do
not remember the names of all these commis-
sioners, some of them are civilians. The gen-
tleman is now astonished that I should propose
that military officers should have anything to
do with the supervision of Indian affairs. The
very bill to which the gentleman has alluded,
and which I reported to the House some weeks
ago, contained a provision that one third of the
supervisory committee should be military men.
The gentleman now asserts that I am incon-
sistent. Sir, I proposed here a mixed com-
mission.
Let me say further, Mr. Chairman, if I were
certain of the passage of the bill, which ought
to pass the House, but which failed last night
again, I would not deem it necessary to make
this appropriation; but as that question will
be settled before this in the Senate it is neces-
sary. If that bill should fail then we desire
this supervision.
Let me add a word in reference to the ex-
pense. It will be far less expensive to keep
this commission in the field than to keep
armies.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no disposition to
do the honorable gentleman injustice, or put
a wrong construction on what he says; but
this is so far a concession that only military
men should have this supervision of the In-
dians.
But waiving all that, what is the difference
between us? I have desired this military su-
pervision should be entire, and that the selec-
tions for it should be made in the usual way,
under the authority of the Secretary of War.
It seems he is opposed to that, and prefers to
trust the President with the selection of the
officers and civilians who are to go upon these
commissions; and I should like all the more
to know who is to constitute this commission
before I vote on the question, if this is to be
the mode of appointment.
Mr. Chairman, there have been a good many
committees and commissions at one time and
another sent out upon the plains. I will not
pretend to deny it may be an agreeable recre-
ation to take such a trip, and if he were in the
House I would suggest to the Speaker I should
like to take the trip across the plains myself, and
that when he comes to make up these commit-
tees hereafter he will think of me, or if he has
not the appointment himself he will use his
influence in my behalf. [Laughter.] I should
like to go myself across the plains.
Now, sir, how many of these commissions
have resulted in the prevention of Indian wars J
How many more shall we have before we get
to the root of the evil ?
I contend some supervision of thelndians,
where there shall be force and power as well as
the exercise of justice by competent authority,
is far better than the patch-work of occasional
temporary expedients of committees of mem-
bers of Congress or mixed commissions of
military men and civilians; and this proposi-
tion fails like all others to the point to which
we must come if we design to produce a suc-
cessful reform. I hope this appropriation for
the payment of these expenses will not become
a part of the law.
The amendment was disagreed to.
