1016
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
The report was read.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being^ en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. KETCHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
judge advocate's corps.
Mr. BLAINE, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill to amend section
twelve, chapter two hundred and ninety-nine,
of the laws of the first session of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill amends the section aforesaid by
repealing all after and including the words
"until otherwise provided bylaw," so as to
place the judge advocates thereby authorized
to be retained in service upon the same footing
in respect to tenure of ofhce and otherwise as
otherofficers of the Army of the United States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like to know
what this is about.
Mr. BLAINE. I will send to the desk a
communication from the Judge Advocate Gen-
eral to the Secretary of War, which explains
the whole matter.
The Clerk read as follows:
War Department,
Bureau op Military Justice,
Washington, D. C„ January 19,1867.
Sir: The undersigned, Judge Advocate General of
tho Army, has the honor to submit the accompanying
draft of a proposed enactment, and the following sug-
gestions in support of tho recommendation that the
provisions thereof become law.
The object of the legislation desired, is to complete
and settle tho organization of tho Judgo Advocate's
corps of the Army upon a basis called for by tho needs
of the service and sanctioned by experience.
It is sought, without increased expenditure, with-
out multiplication of officers, and without extension
or alteration of tho functions of the Department, to
factuire to the military establishment, while it may be
secured, tho permanent effectiveness of a branch of
the servico comparatively insignificant in cost and
numbers, hut indispensable tp the interests of the
Army, and the value of which is liable to be irrepar-
ably impaired unless legislation shall consolidate and
preserve its force.
The plan offered simply places tho officers author-
ised by the Army bill of last session to bo retained
upon tho same footing with other officers of the es-
tablishment. Tho design is merely to insure, in tho
only modo in which it can bo done, the maintenance
of a small corps of subordinates in this Department,
who, qualified by capacity and eulture, have beon
trained, by years of labor, to tho duties which are
required to be performed, and whoso services, while
they cannot be spared without serious and, it is con-
fidently affirmed; incurable detriment to tho inter-
ests of tile Government, are invested with a value
which mnst he sacrificed unless their tenure of ollico
is now niado thesamo as that of other officers of the
Army.
Tho following are respectfully submitted as a few
of tho considerations thought to imperatively call for
tho adoption of the provision suggested:
1. Certainly not loss than four or five judgo advo-
cates of tho number authorized to bo retained, will,
for an indefinite period, bo needed in tho Bureau of
Military Justice, for the performance of current la-
bors conneotod with its ordinary routine functions.
Por a comprehensive exhibit of tho present and an-
ticipated business of this bureau, reference is respect-
fully made to tho following paragraph of my last
report, October 8,1866:
" Tho operations of the bureau during this period
(about eleven months) arc briefly presented by the
following summary:
111. Number of records of general courts-martial
and military commissions received, reviewed, and
filed, eight thousand one hundred and forty-eight.
"2. The number of speciaf reports made as to the
regularity of judicial proceedings, the pardon of
military offenders, the remission or commutation of
sentences; and upon the miscellaneous subjects and
questions referred for the opinion of the bureau; in-
cluding also letters of instruction upon military law
and practice to judge advocate, reviewing officers,
A-f\, four thousand and eight.
" The number of rccordsof military courts received
at this bureau reached a minimum soon after tho
passage of tho late Army bill. Since that time these
records have continued to increase with the increase
of tho Army; and their number, as also the amount
of the other business of the office as an advisory
branch of the War Department, will continue to be
augmented until tho peace establishment shall be
completely organized and the new Army be fully
rcoruitcd. Tho fact that in a large class of important
eases commanders of departmentsand armies are not
authorized to execute the sentences in timo of peace,
and that such cases can no longer be summarily dis-
posed of without a reference to the Exccut.ivo, will
also require from this bureau a vcy considerable
number of reports to be made to the Presidentwhich
heretofore have not been called for. The aggregate
business, therefore, of the office will not be reduced
in proportion to the reduction of the military force."
It is to be added that since the date of this report
tho business of the bureau has, as was anticipated,
continued to increase, both in the number of judi-
cial records required to be reviewed, and in the
amount of the varied miscellaneous cases and ques-
tions of law referred to it for consideration and re-
port. At the present time there is found ample em-
ployment for the judge advocates now detailed as
assistants in the bureau, and it is believed that tho
services of none of them could well be dispensed
with.
2. It is found absolutely essential to the accuracy,
uniformity, and expedition of the administration of
military justice that an accomplished and instructed
officer of this corps be assigned to duty at the head-
quarters of each of the most important ^commands
into which the national territory is geographically
divided. This distribution which is substantially
impracticable Without the legislation asked, will
employ, necessarily and usefully, for many years at
least, three or four more judge advocates.
3. It is also of very great importance that several
of these officers be constantly available for detail on
courts-martial in ea^es requiring unusual care; for
assignment to special temporary duty, in investiga-
tions and liko service requiring legal as well as mil-
itary knowledge and experience; and for such in-
spections in the line of the department business as
only trained judge advocates are suitable for.
For these, among other well-considered reasons, I
feel it my duty to recommend the passage of a law
conferring the same status upon the corps of ten
judge advocates as is held by the general staff of the
Army, as provided in the draft which is herewith
submitted, whereby the discrimination against this
corps alone is simply removed.
These views are the result of the experienceof this
bureau in connection with the administration of
military justice, and are submitted for your consid-
eration, and in the hope that it may be agreeable to
you to refer them to the consideration of the Military
Committee of Congress.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, ^
Judge Advocate General,
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
Mr. ROSS. I would ask if this is regarded
by the Military Committee as one of the neces-
sary steps to make a military despotism in this
country V
Mr. BLAINE. The report just read is very
clear and explicit, and nothing I can say will
add to it. If gentlemen will not listen to what
the judge advocate writes, I am sure they will
not listen to what I may say. I move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to bo engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the. bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE liJiL'OllT.
Mr. SITGREAVES, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, made an adverse report on
the memorial of Robert A. Constable, of tho
Ohio volunteers; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
government land at harper's ferry.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a bill to authorize the
Secretary of War to convey certain lots in
Harper's Perry; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the Sec-
retary of War to convey by deed in fee-simple
the lots of ground in Harper's Ferry, in West
Virginia, which have heretofore been granted
for the use of churches and for charitable pur-
poses, so as to secure their permanent use and
possession for the same purposes and no others.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vole
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PURCHASE OF DAVID'S ISLAND.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution for the purchase of
David's Island, New York harbor; which was
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution authorizes the Secretary
of War to purchase for the Government of the
United States David's Island, in New York
harbor, for the sum of §38,500, in accordance
with the terms and conditions of the lease with
Simeon Leland.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I would
like to hear some explanation of the necessity
of this purchase.
Mr. BINGHAM. I withdrawthe previous
question and will explain it to the gentleman
very briefly.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a point of order. _ I
submit that this bill makes an appropriation
and must have its first consideration in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The bill provides that the
Secretary of War shall purchase this island,
but there will have to be an appropriation made
in some other bill to pay for it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will state that this isl-
and is now in the occupancy, under lease, of
the Government of the United States, as it was
deemed essential for the use of the Govern-
ment, and fixtures have been erected upon it
by the Government to the amount perhaps of
half the cost of the island under the terms of
the lease. A friend tells me that the fixtures
amount to more than the entire sum named in
the bill.
By the terms of the lease the Government
of the United States is permitted and privi-
leged to purchase this property at this sum,
provided the contract is concluded before the
first day of next April. This bill is recom-
mended by the Secretary of War, doubtless on
the ground that the purchase is essential for
the use of the Government, and on the further
ground that unless we avail ourselves of the
privileges sccured to ns by this lease the Gov-
ernment will have to pay much more for it.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. Let me state
that David's Island is not in the harbor of New
York. It is on Long Island sound, twenty
miles from New York.
Mr. SCHENCK. They call it in New York
harbor, although I believe it lies on the sound
opposite New Roehclle.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. It is not in
New York harbor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think it would be well
to amend the bill by substituting for "in New
York harbor" the words "on Long Island
sound." I move that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. With the permission of
my colleague, [Mr. Bixoham,] I will add one
word. This island is now in the occupation of
the Government., under a lease, and has valu-
able buildings upon it. Under that lease the
Government has the privilege of taking it at the
appraisement made five years ago of $38,500,
which was regarded by all parties as exceed-
ingly cheap. Some newspaper correspondent
telegraphed to New York that the Committee
on Military Affairs were going to report in favor
of the purchase of this island, and a gentleman
in New York offered for it twice the price that
the Government is to pay under the appraise-
ment of five years ago.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I have
always been taught during my life-time that
anything you did not want was dear at any
price, and I believe that to be true. This is a
proposition for the purchase of an island on
which there is a hospital, which "during the
pendency of the war was very useful; but now
that the war is over I do not consider that a
hospital at that point is at all necessary. Be-
cause somebody believes this island is worth
double what the United States Government
can obtain it for, that is no reason why the
Gov&nment should speculate in that manner.
At this time, when economy is so necessary in
the administration of the Government, I do
not think we should buy unnecessary islands or
any land whatever that we can possibly do
without. I therefore move that the bill be
laid 
