1867.
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1017
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; the gentleman
cannot have the floor to make any motion of
that sort.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Very
well; I want to take no advantage of the court-
esy of the gentleman ; but I want a thorough
ventilation of the subject.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no doubt from
what has already transpired that the House is
fully advised, from any view that can be taken
of this matter, that it is to tli# peculiar advan-
tage of the Government to avail itself of the
privileges secured to it alone by the existing
lease. If the Government shall not need the
island hereafter it can sell it, after having ac-
quired the title to it, for twice the amount it
will now have to pay for it. We should bear
in mind, also, that the permanent structures
upon the island erected by the Government are
worth twofold the price proposed to be given
for it.
Mr. SPALDING. I would ask my col-
league [Mr. Bingham] if he desires the Gov-
ernment to become a speculator in land?
Mr. BINGHAM. Not at all; the Govern-
ment has use for the island.
Mr. SPALDING. If there is need of the
island, that is one thing.
Mr. DARLING. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. BINGHAM-: I cannot yield now; the
Committee on Military Affairs has much busi-
ness to dispose of and is limited as to time.
I call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
The question was upon ordering the main
question to be now put.
Mr. RANDxVLL, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the bill be laid on the table.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 41, noes 17 ; no quorum
voting.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 6-1, nays 73, not voting
53 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Amos, Anderson, Beaman, Brande-
free, Campbell, Header W. Clarke, Cobb, Cooper, Cul-
lom, Darling, Delano, Dumont, Eokley, Eldridge,
Finek, Glussbrennei, Aaron J Lit ding, Abner C. Hard-
in;.;, Karris, Hawkins Hi 11, Hise, Hogan, Holmes,
Ilorchkiss, John II. Hubbard, Edwin N. Jlubbell,
llulburd, Kerr, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
ronec, Lo Blond, Leftwieh, Marshall, Melndoo, Mil-
ler, Morrill, Moulton, Niblack, Noel], O'Neill, Orth,
Samuel J. Randall, Hitter, ltolhns, Ross, Scofield,
Shaiiklin, Sloan, Spalding, Stevens, Stokes, Nathan-
iel G. Taylor, Francis Thomas, Thornton, Trimble,
Trowbridge, Robert T. Van Horn, Andrew 1£. Ward,
Henry D. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Stephen
F.Wilson, and Windom—61.
NAYS — Messrs. Alley, Allison, Aneona, linker,
Baldwin, Barker, Baxter, Bergen, Bidwell, Bing-
ham, Blaine, Blow, Bromwell, Broomall, Bundy, Sid-
ney Clarke, Davis. Dawes, Dcfrees, Deming, Dixon,
Farquhar, Ferry, t}arfield, Gnswold, Jlart, Hender-
son, Higby, Ilooper, James K,. llubbell, Hunter,
Julian, Ivnsson, Ivelley, Kelso, Keteham, Koontz,
Kuykendall, Laflin, Longycar, Lynch, Marston, Mar-
vin, Maynard, MeClurg, MeKee, McRucr, Moor-
head, Newell, Nicholson, Paine, Perham, Pike,
Phmts, Pomeroy, Price, William II. Randall, Ray-
mond. Alexander II. Riee, John II. Rice, Rousseau,
Sehenck. Sit?reaves, Tabor, Nclsoxi Taylor, Thayer,
Upsou, Van Aeriiam, fiitit Van lloiii, Hamilton
Ward, William B. Washburn, Williams, and Win-
field—73.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
JamesM. Ashley, Ba.nks, Benjainin,BoutweI!,Boyer,
Buekland, Chanler, Conklina, Cook, Culver, Dawson,
Dcnison, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs. Eggleston, Eliot,
Furnsworth, Goodyear, Grinnell, Hale, Hayes, Asahei
W. Hubbard, Chc-ier D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard,
Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jonekes, Jones, Latham, Loan,
MeCuilough. Mcreur, Morris, Myers, Patterson,
Phelps, Radford, Rogers, Sawyer, Shcllabarger,
Starr, Stilwell, Strouse, John L, Thomas, Warner,
Elihu B. Washburne, Whaley, James F. Wilson,
Woodbridge, and Wright—53.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The question recurred upon ordering the
main question ; and being taken, the main
question was ordered.
The joint resolution was then ordered to bo
engrossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. Upon that question I call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the joint resolution was
passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsidcr the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
TEXAS ACCOUNTS AND CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in answer to a resolution of the House of
the 17th ultimo, relative to the accounts of the
State of Texas with the United States; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to bo
printed.
NATIONAL BANK TAXES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in answer to a resolution of file
House of the 28th ultimo, relative to the amount
of taxes annually paid by national banking
associations to the United States and to the
several States ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency, and ordered
to be printed.
MASSACRE NEAR PORT rillL. KEARNEY.
The SPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, in answer to House
resolution of January 29, 1867, requesting in-
formation concerning the massacre of United
States troops by Indians near Fort Phil. Kear-
ney ; which, on motion of Mr. Wixdoji, was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE rHO.11 THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed an act (S. No. 538) for the relief of the
widow and children of Henry E. Morse, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed with amendments, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested, an act
(II. R. No. 902) to declare the sense of an act
entitled " An act to restrict the jurisdiction of
the Court of Claims, and to provide for the
payment of certain demands for quartermas-
ters' stores and subsistence supplies furnished
to the Army of the United States."
ORDER Of BUSINESS.
Mr. KASSON. I move that the rules bo
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the Presi-
dent's message. 1 make this motion in order
to enable the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hooper] to speak upon the question of
the currency. After he shall have concluded
his remarks, I shall ask the Committee of the
Whole to proceed to the consideration of the
Indian appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The committee can lay
aside the President's message at any time, and
then the special order will come tip for consid-
eration.
The question was taken : and there were—
ayes fifty-five, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Garfield in the chair.) and resumed the con-
sideration of the President's annual message.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I pro-
pose to speak upon the bill reported from the
bank committee, which was made a special
order for the 18th December last, but which
has not yet been reached in consequence of
the pressure of other business before the
House. 1 feel some hesitation in commcncing
the discussion of this bill to amend the national
banking iaw, as it is evident that groat diversity
of opinion prevails in the House, and through-
out the country, not only in regard to the pro-
visions of the bill, but in reference to the whole
subject of the national banks. The discussion,
therefore, when the bill comes up for consider-
ation, is not unlikely to take a wide range, and
cover the whole subject of the currency in the
future of the country.
The principal object of the bill is to provide
the power which experience has shown to be
necessary to enforce the requirements of the
original law by enlarging the authority of the
Comptroller in cases of neglect or refusal on
the part of the banks to conform to those
requirements.
It renders some provisions of the law more
clear and definite; and it prescribes the mode
of proceeding by receivers who may be ap-
pointed to close up the business of a bank.
It requires all the banks in the cities named
as places for theredemption of circulating notes
to redeem at New York, not only their own cir-
culation, but also the circulation of any bank
for which they act as redeeming agents.
It prohibits the banks from including and
reporting compound-interest Treasury notes,
or any balance due them which bears interest,
as part of their reserve of lawful money.
It changes the law in referenco to usui-ious
interest to the forfeiture of the whole debt,
instead of the forfeiture of the amount of inter-
est, as prescribed in the present law.
It provides circulating notes for new banks
organized under the law by scaling down the
proportions to the existing banks, and requires
any excess over the new allotment of circu-
lating notes to be returned to the Comptroller.
It reduces the national taxation on the cir-
culation of the banks to half of one per cent,
per annum, instead of one per cent, as provid-
ed in the present law; the tax of half of one
per cent, on deposits is continued; and the
tax of half of one per cent, on the capital of
the banks is repealed.
These are the principal amendments pro-
posed by this bill, but there are various changes
of less importance to carry out more effectually
the objeet and intention of the bank act.
One of the objects originally assigned in
favor of the law authorizing the creation of
the national banks was the benefit the Govern-
ment would derive in negotiating loans, by
making them the basis of the bank circulation,
thereby producing a direct demand for a large
amount of Government bonds, and securing
for them, at least in the minds of our own
people, the prcsliyc of being recognized as the
highest form of moneyed security in the country.
The returns published, of October 1, 18G6,
show $42(5,000,000 as the amount of United
States securities, belonging to the national
banks; of which over $331,000,000 were depos-
ited in the 'Treasury as security for their cir-
culating notes. It could hardly be deemed
wise and expedient, at this time when it is so
desirable to bring about a settled condition of
the currency and finances, to disturb this large
investment by requiring the national banks to
be wound up, and their notes to be withdrawn
from circulation to substitute^United States
legal-tender notes in place of them, as was
proposed in some resolutions offered and voted
down before the recess of Congress, and since
then proposed in a bill by the gcntlenjan from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall.] So great a
changc could not be effected at a time like
this without producing much embarrassment
to the industry of the country.
I cannot doubt that it is the settled opinion
of this Congress that the amount of circu-
lating notes of the national banks should not
be increased beyond the S300,000.000now pre-
scribed in the law. If more paper money is
needed, which I do not believe, it would, in
my opinion, be far better to increase the legal-
tender notes issued by the Government, so
that the profit to be derived from any increase
of the paper circulation would be reserved
for the Government. This would remove the
inducement of private interest to favor any
such increase. I was opposed in the last ses-
