1018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
sion to the recommendation of the Comptrol-
ler of^the Currency to withdraw $100,000,000
of legal-tender notes and issue in place of
them an equal amount of bonds bearing inter-
est at six per cent, in coin, on which the banks
should be authorized to issue $90,000,000 more
of circulating notes. I should be in favor of
withdrawing all the circulating notes of the
national banks, and substituting legal-tender
Government notes for them, in preference to
an increase of the amount of bank notes, be-
lieving, asl do, that the amount of $300,000,000
now authorized is as much if not more than
the banks can sustain, if we are ever to resume
specie payments as was contemplated at no
very distant future when the law was passed
for the creation of the national banks. If we
are to have irredeemable paper money as the
permanent currency of this country, I would
prefer to have it all issued by the Government,
that the whole profit of it may be for the ben-
efit of the Government, and its issue controlled
by the Treasury Department under regulations
prescribed by law.
The issue of the legal-tender notes when
first proposed, and which I earnestly advocated,
was represented to be a temporary measure to
meet the exigencies of the Government. The
national banks were not then organized; in fact
the law had not been passed to authorize those
banks. The Government legal-tender notes
were not proposed to take the place of coin,
though the law declared they should "bo re-
ceived the same as coin, at their par value, in
payment for any loans that may be hereafter
sold or negotiated by the Secretary of the
Treasury." It may be said there was no coin
then in circulation. The currency of the coun-
try at that time consisted of the notes of
State banks, which had all suspended specie
payments, with most of the coined money
of the courttry locked up in their vaults, by
the sale of which the banks afterward realized
a-large profit in legal-tender notes. The ques-
tion then presented was, whether the Govern-
ment should borrow State bank notes at a
high rate of interest, for the payment of the
Army unci for carrying on the war, or whether
tliey should issue for that purpose notes of
their own, without any cost for interest. This
latter alternative was adopted ; ami the legal-
tender notes furnished to the Treasury over
seven hundred millions of money, nearly five
hundred millions of which was without any cost
for interest, at a time when the Government
was in most pressing need. It did more ; it
stimulated industry, and provided the people
of t his country with the ability to loan the Gov-
ernment $"2,000,000,000 to continue the war
until armed reboli'ou was conquered, and the
power and authority of the Government was
asserted and recognized throughout the whole
country.
It cannot be denied, however, that this was
attended by many serious evils, which were
subsequently developed. It operated unequally
and unjustly on different interests. The great
increase of paper money, while it stimulated
every kind of industry, also stimulated specu-
lation in every direction. The nominal value of
property was enhanced to a fearful extent, to
the great injury of all those who derived their
support from wages, salaries, and fixed incomes;
debtors were enabled to discharge their obliga-
tions in a currency depreciated at times to more
than half its value, at the time the debt was in-
curred. The mere fluctuations in the value of the
currency impoverished some, while it enriched
others, and set at dcfiance all calculations of
prudence in business. The profits of specula-
tion were for a time so large, that the slow
patient gains of labor and industry became dis-
tasteful. The cities were crowded with gam-
bling speculators in gold and stocks and mer-
chandise, and fraud and corruption were pre-
sented in every direction. These were the
natural results of continuing an inflated and
irredeemable paper money. But the life of the
nation was at stake then, and no one who claimed
to be loyal stopped to consider, or hesitated to
make any sacrifice which the exigency of the
country demanded. The use of State banknotes
by the Government would have been attended
by similar evils without any of the benefits
obtained by the use of legal-tender notes. And
the evils of State bank notes would have been
aggravated by their uncertain and unequal value
in different parts of the country, unless the
Government guarantied their security, as it
should guaranty the security of any money it
sanctions, by using it for payments to public
creditors.
Nowthequestion is presented—the exigencies
of the war being passed—what shall be done to
arrest those evils and bring the country back to
its normal condition, in which industry will be
satisfied with securing the legitimate rewards of
labor, when every one will know what value is
represented by money, and when the value of
money will not fluctuate and change from day
to day, but become intrinsic and permanent, so
far as the daily and common transactions of
business are concerned.
When armed rebellion was suppressed the
military power of the country was promptly
put upon a permanent peace footing by dis-
banding the forces no longer required to main-
tain the authority of the Government, and
arresting at onee the immense expenditures
of the war. Why could not the same course be
pursued in regard to the currency and the finan-
cial policy that the war rendered necessary,
but which is not adapted to the condition of
permanent peace? The object of the Govern-
ment should be now to give employment to the
industry of the country by relieving it from
taxation, and by encouraging in every way the
development of its resources. It should be
understood that the unusual powers which the
Treasury Department had exerciscd to sustain
the war will not be continued beyond the ex-
igency that rendered them necessary.
In a condition of peacc the revenue of the
Government ought not to exceed $300,000,000,
or at most $3-30,000,000; which should be am-
ple provision for interest on the public debt, as
well as all current expenses of the Government.
There is no longer occasion to borrow money
or to authorize new loans to increase the pub-
lie debt. But the speedy reduction of the debt
is a matter of small importance, compared with
that of relieving the productive industry of the
country from the heavy taxation with which it
is now oppressed. I have not been able to
join in congratulating the Secretary of the
Treasury on the progress that has been made
in the reduction of the debt during the past
year, as it seems to me our industry could
now ill afford it. I can understand why those
foreign presses that exhibited toward us un-
friendly sentiments during the war should bo
lavish in compliments of a policy which can-
not fail to cripple our own manufacturers and
producers. When the debt of the country has
been funded, the currency restored to a sound
condition, and our industry so far relieved from
taxation that it can compete with the labor of
other countries, we can then better commence
a more rapid reduction of the public debt.
The only way in which the currency of the
country can be made equal in value to the
money of other countries with which wo are
connected by commerce, is by gradually re-
ducing the amount of paper money, until what
remains in circulation shall become the equiva-
lent of coin, and, at the option of the holder,
command an equal amount of coin. When-
ever the paper money is at par with coin they
will together constitute the money of the coun-
try. The constant and increasing supplies of the
precious metals now produced in this country
would rapidly furnish a sufficient amount for
all business and other requirements, if used
for currency, instead of being exported as it
is now, to pay for importations of the products
of foreign manufacture, to compete with and
discourage the industry of our own people.
I concur with most of the arguments in the
learned speech recently delivered by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley;] but
he made one statement which I cannot under-
stand, and which did not seem to me consistent
with thegeneral tenor of his remarks on the sub-
ject of currency. He asserted, if I understood
him correctly, that the standard of the value of
the currency should be the resources of the coun-
try and the integrity of the Government, and not
gold and silver. There is no other standard
now of the value of a dollar in this country
than what the gold speculators in New York
determine for it each day, and from hour
to hour; but gold is the standard by which
the value of the^iollar is computed by them.
Until the bill authorizing the issue of the legal-
tender notes was passed the standard legal
value of the dollar was a prescribed quantity
of gold or silver. I wish to ask what con-
stitutes a dollar, and how will its value be
estimated and ascertained, when the standard
has no reference to gold and silver, but only
to the resources of the country and the integrity
of the Government ?
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield
for a reply ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, in the first
place, I wish to remark to the gentleman, who
has so kindly indorsed most of the opinions
expressed in my recent remarks on financial
topics, that he has, I think, slightly misappre-
hended my position. I did not argue as an
abstract proposition that the resources of the
country and the integrity of the Government
should be the basis of our currency. I was con-
sidering the question of our duty under existing
conditions, and did but assert that we had in
the season of our extremity adopted the re-
sources of the country and the integrity of the
Government as its basis, and expanded our
currency to meet the exigencies which would
have destroyed us had we adhered to a specie
basis; but I maintained that, having due refer-
ence to the ultimate restoration of our currency
to its international character, we should adhere
to the basis I indicated and reduce its volume,
if we should determine to reduce it at all, so
slowly and with such excellent judgment as not
to embarrass and impair the internal industry
and pioduction of the country.
I do not see how, by adopting gold as the
basis of our currency, we can give to a dollar
a more fixed and unchanging value than our
greenback dollars have. They are the given
portion of a fixed amount of currency; and if
Congress will, regardless of recommendation
or importunity, refuse to indulge in experi-
ments of expansion or contraction, but main-
tain the existing volume of paper currency,
each dollar will continue to be the same pro-
portionate part of the same amount of currency
applicable to the business of the country. You
may, by law, determine the weight, the diam-
eter, the thickness, and the quality of the metal
of a dollar, but you cannot fix its value. The
price of wheat is now very high. The last
crop was short, and a barrel of flour will buy
many dollars." Next year, if by the blessing
of the early and the later rains there shall come
an abundant crop, a barrel of flour of like
quality will not buy half so many dollars. The
value of a dollar is equally regulated by the law
of supply and demand, whether it be paper or
gold; whether it represent one basis or the
other.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I thank
the gentleman for his explanation. I now
resume the line of remark which I was pursuing
when I yielded to the gentleman.
In Russia, during the wars with France,
under the first Napoleon, paper roubles were
issued by authority of the Government repre-
senting the silver rouble, worth about eighty
cents of our coined money. But those paper
roubles gradually depreciated in value to about
twenty cents, or one quarter of the silver rouble;
and that paper continued to circulate for many
years after peace was restored. It was not
left, however, to the brokers and speculators
to determine its value in the coin of the coun-
try. Each year the Government determined
and declared its convertible value as compared
with coin. For many years the rate was about
three and sixty hundredths of paper to one of
