1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1695
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Sloax and
Mr. Kassov were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 52, noes,48.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask unanimous consent to
turn back to the item of $10,000 for new
hydrants along Pennsylvania avenue.
Mr. ROSS. I object. I would rather go
ahead than turn back.
No further amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
To pay for cutting down and repairing Pennsyl-
vania avenue, between Seventh and Eighth streets
east, in consequence of the lowering of the city
railroad tracks, $2,000.
Mr. PAINE. I move to strike out the par-
agraph just read. It is manifest to me that
this is an expenditure that ought to be made
by the railway company. I can see no reason
why Congress should allow this railroad com-
pany to lower its track in the street and then
compel Congress to pay for the expenditure
necessary to cut down and repair Pennsyl-
vania avenue. If this expense results from
the lowering of the track of the railroad com-
pany it seems to me that the company itself
should meet the expense. I am therefore op-
posed to voting $2,000 for this purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. The Committee on Appro-
priations had some difficulty about this item
and sent one of their number to examine into
it. It was found that there was a point where
the railroad company was obliged to lower its
track in consequence of improvements in the
street ordered by the authorities.
Mr. DARLING. I move to amend by
striking out the last word, for the purpose of
saying that I do not know the particular merits
of this appropriation. But if I am correctly
informed, the railroad company was compelled
to lower its track. The grade of the street
was altered, and in consequence of the alter-
ation of the grade the company was compelled
to lower its track. ' They did so at a very great
expense, an entirely unnecessary expense to
them.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Were they compelled
by the Government of the United States to
do so?
Mr. DARLTNG. I do not know whether
the United States Government or the city
authorities altered the grade of the street; but
I know they were compelled to lower their
track because the grade of the street was
altered. I only mention this in vindication of
the railroad company. I now withdraw my
amendment to the amendment.
On the amendment, there were—ayes 31,
noes 32; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Messrs. Paine and
Nicholson.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 61. noes 37.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to move an amendment, striking out lines one
hundred and nineteen and one hundred and
twenty which have been passed.
There was no objection.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to amend by
striking out the following, being lines one
hundred and nineteen and one hundred and
twenty:
.To place now hydrants along Pennsylvania avenue,
$lU,UUv.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
To pay three additional laborers, one at reservation
No. 2, one at La Fayette square, and one at Franklin
«quare, whose appointment is hereby authorised,
$2,160, for the fiscal year ending June 30,1868.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend by striking
out the paragraph just read. I believe there
is no necessity for these additional laborers.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
For defraying the expenses of the House of Cor-
rection for Boys, in the District of Columbia, for the
current yoar, $25,000.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to amend by
striking out this paragraph. I do not see why
we should support this house of correction.
I may withdraw the amendment if any gentle-
man can explain the propriety of the appro-
priation.
Mr. STEVENS. Last year Congress incor-
porated this institution for the correction of
juvenile offenders, and made an appropriation
to aid it. It now appears that the institution
is organized and in operation, but has no funds
to pay its expenses for the present year.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I withdraw iny amend-
ment. I do not know but that the appropria-
tion is right.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to amend by
striking out "twenty-five" and inserting "fif-
teen," so as to make the appropriation for this
house of correction $15,000. It seems to me
that with a population in this city of one hun-
dred and twenty-five thousand, $25,000 is a
large appropriation for an institution of this
kind. This is more than it costs to sustain a
State prison in a State with nine hundred
thousand people.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the purpose of aiding the American Coloniza-
tion Society by furnishing conveyance and support
to such parties as may desire to emigrate to the Re-
public of Liberia, $50,000.
Mr. THAYER. I move to strike out the
paragraph just read.
The day has been when the scheme of Afri-
can colonization enlisted, as we all know, the
sympathies and active cooperation of many of
the best and most illustrious men, whose names
appear upon the pages of our history. But,
sir, time, which tries in its severe crucible the
opinions and the acts of men, if it has ever
demonstrated anything, has, in my opinion,
demonstrated the total impracticability of that
scheme and its entire fruitlessness of results,
so far as those results are connected with the
idea upon which the scheme was originally
framed, namely, the translation of the African
rafce from this country to the continent of
Africa. Sir, I cannot better illustrate this
remark, perhaps, than by a short anecdote.
A friend of mine, who not long since returned
from Liberia, informed me lately that he had
the honor to be present at a state dinner given
by the President of Liberia, at which were pres-
ent all the high officers of that republic. In
the banquet-room where this dinner was given
was displayed the Liberian flag, upon which
was inscribed the noble sentiment, " Love of
liberty brought us here." A high officer of the
Liberian Government seated at the table, when
this inscription was commented upon, added,
"Yes, and want of money keeps us here."
[Laughter.]
For one I do not wish to be put in the cata-
logue of those who cannot be taught anything
by the lessons of experience. I will not be
among those who vainly endeavor to refute
the demonstrations of history, and who are
ready to vote away large sums of money raised
by severe taxation of the people for the pur-
pose of expending them on a chimerical exper-
iment, already demonstrated to be incapable
of producing the results for which it was orie
ginally undertaken.
Sir, I do not intend by what I have said
any reflection upon the motives, the character,
or the conduct of the gentlemen who are asso-
ciated in the African colonization enterprise.
I know this society embraces many good and
many great men among its members, and I
speak not now of the missionary phase of the
enterprise or of its religious or philanthropic
results; but, sir, it is impossible at this late
day that we should shut our eyes J;o the fact
that the scheme as a scheme for the transfer
of the colored race from the United States to
the African continent, or as a solution of the
gnat question of different races occupying
tLe same country, has been a failure. The day
of that idea has passed away forever. Then,
sir, if this be true, by what authority do we
propose to expend $50,000, wrung by hard
taxation from the people, upon an exploded
idea and a defunct enterprise?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, I do not
understand the facts either in the particular or
in the general as they have been stated by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. Perhaps I am •
not as competent to speak in reference to this
matter as he is. Some facts are, however,
' within my personal knowledge. From the
part of Tennessee where I reside a large num-
ber of colored people have gone first to the col-
ony and next to the republic of Liberia. Sev-
I eral have returned, and they have returned
giving such accounts of the condition of them-
selves and others there that when they went
I back they were followed by a large number
who were attracted by the representations they
had made.
There was in the portion of the State of
Tennessee in which I live always a very strong
anti-slavery feeling, and that sentiment de-
veloped itself in deeds and other acts of eman-
cipation, followed by emigration to Liberia. It
was my destiny as a member of the bar to
assist in perfecting the emancipation and per-
sonal freedom of many of these persons. The
accounts we have of their condition in Liberia
are eminently favorable. Among those who
returned I may instance among the most recent
is the present attorney general of Liberia.
He is a native of East Tennessee. He went
there forty years ago, but came back to revisit
his kindred by blood and race. He went from
the town I live in to Liberia, and from his state-
ments I undertake to say that the scheme of
settling a civilized colony on the coast of Africa
is not a failure.
Mr. THAYER. Let me ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have only five minutes,
but I will yield to the gentleman.
Mr. THAYER. I ask the gentleman whether
he thinks it is competent for us to vote sums
of money out of the public Treasury for mere
missionary purposes ?
Mr. MAYNARD. That is another question.
Mr. THAYER. That is the ground on which
it is advocated.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am answering what the
gentleman has said. I undertake to say there
has been no colonization of which we have
accounts that has succeeded as this has within
the period of fifty years in establishing a free
republic, respected and acknowledged by the
civilized world, and which has made such ad-
vancement as this has.
I could give various individual instances of
persons who have emigrated there and are
now there. In 18G2 we passed a law recogniz-
ing the Republic of Liberia, which I supported
by such remarks as I was able to make. It was
planting there a friendly republic, whose com-
merce would be important to us.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAVIS. I move to add to the paragraph
the following proviso:
Provided, however. That no part of the sum hereby
appropriated shall bo expended or drawn from tho
Treasury until after existing laws of the republic of
Liberia excluding white men from the right of suf-
frage shall be repealed, and official evidence of auch
repeal shall be filed in tho office of the Secretary of
State of the United States. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to oppose the
amendment.
Mr. Chairman, had I the power and the posi-
tion where I could exercise that power, I would
have our country represented in that Govern-
ment by men of color. They have very wisely
ordained this feature in their constitution ; for
I ask gentlemen what nation of the world has
ever admitted those of the dominating, con-
quering, land-stealing white race to which we
belong to positions of power that it did not
suffer in consequence of it ? These people
have realized by bitter and dear-bought experi-
ence that the white race are not to be trusted,
and I commend their wisdom in excluding
them from the ballot-box.
During the last year there emigrated to Libe-
ria between six and seven hundred persons, and
