1696
THE C6^GRESSI0KAL GLOfe
March I,
already there are something like a thousand
applicants. Gentlemen will please to remem-
ber that none ever go except those who go by
their own choice and preference. The prac-
tice of the society is to furnish them transport-
ation and give them support there for six
months; and the colony now give them twenty-
five acres of land j formerly they gave them
but ten. And I say further, that those who
have gone there send back to their kindred in
this country favorable reports and invite them
to emigrate thither.
I call the attention of the House to the
annual message of President Warner to the
Congress of Liberia in December, 1865, a
document which would do no dishonor to the
present occupant of the Presidential Mansion
or to any of his predecessors, in which he
expresses the hope that is to be built upon the
disenthrallment of their race in this country.
It is not only policy that there should be estab-
lished upon the coast of Africa a nation with
which we can always be in commercial accord,
where we can establish coaling depots for our
Navy, and obtain every other advantage which
can be derived from such association, but it is
a matter of supreme justice, it is a matter that
presents itself to us upon the highest possible
grounds on which any moral demand can be
made upon a people. How did these men
come here? Not as your ancestors and mine
came, flying from oppression and seeking here
an asylum. ^ They were brought here by
wrong, by crime, which we have been expiating
during the last five years; and if there are
thousands who desire to return to the conti-
nent where their fathers lived, and where the
great body of the race will and must live, it is
But just and right that we extend them aid so
to do. I would not by any act of legislation
do anything to compel or constrain these men
to leave this country ; I would simply extend
to them an opportunity to go if they so desire.
[Here the hammer fell.]
message fiiom the senate.
The Committee informally rose, and the
Speaker resumed the Chair, to receive a mes-
sage from the Senate, informing the House
that the Senate had appointed Mr. Williams
a member of the conference committee on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
of the House (No. 1039) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30, 1868, in place of Mr.
Sherman, excused.
deficiency appropriation bill—again.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
Bession.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to strike out the
last words of the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, I am against this appropria-
tion, and hope it will be stricken out. I do not
oppose it because I accept the views of my
distinguished colleague [Mr. Thayer] as to the
results of Liberian colonization, but because the
one great want of our country at this time is
labor, to develop and convert into utilities our
vast and varied resources. It would be a double
folly to apply the money gathered by excessive
taxation unwisely imposed on industry to aid
in the expatriation of laborers from our coun-
try. _ I am also opposed to making any appro-
priation which would even by the most remote
implication indicate that this Congress regards
a man of less value to his country because his
complexion is darker, his nose flatter, or his
hair more curly than that of another man. So
much for my reasons for opposing this appro-
priation.
But, sir, were we in possession of ample
funds, I would gladly vote for such a provision
in aid of a successful scheme for the civilization
and Christianization of the more than a hundred
millions of the people of Africa, and bringing
them into commercial relations with us. I
would gladly vote $50,000, year by year, from
a full Treasury, for this purpose. No experi-
ment since civilization dawned has produced
results equal to this benevolent effort to settle
our poor freed slaves upon the pestiferous coast
of Africa. They have, in less than one gene-
ration, penetrated from the pestilential coast to
the high and healthy lands of that continent.
Less than fifteen thousand emigrants have
brought within the fold of laws like our owp,
enacted and administered by a Government
modeled after ours, more, than three hundred
thousand barbarous heathen, who listen to the
teachings of Christian ministers and imbibe
their convictions from our literature atid our
history.
When the commissioners of the Colonization
Society of New Jersey sought to contract for
territory on which to found a new colony, the
chiefs having observed the influence of other
settlements made a stipulation, paramount to
all others, that their adults should have free
access to any church that might be established,
and their then naked children, clothed by the
colonists, should have free access to any schools
that might be established in the territory. The
commerce of the colony is growing, and gen-
tlemen, when they talk of want of salubrity,
speak of the early traditions of the colony when
settlements were confined to the coast and the
low lands upon the mouths of rivers near the
sea.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Chairman, it seems
to me it is too late to call in question the motives
and purposes of those who have been engaged
in the work of the Colonization Society. I do
not. I give them credit for their motives, and
for much good accomplished. But, sir, the
times have changcd; we are living in a new |
era. We now have no money to spend in this I
direction. I am opposed to the appropriation
of $50,000 for this purpose in the first place,
because we have no money to spare; and
secondly, because I believe that those who
have heretofore desired to leave our country
will desire now to remain with us.
The proviso offered by the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Davis] has some force in it,
for it is true that these people in Liberia have
denied to the white men there the privilege of
voting. I do not wonder at that. They have
had for the last fifty yearsa very poor example
of the magnanimity of their white brethren; and
I do not wonder that when they found them-
selves expatriated, driven from their own coun-
try, they chose to set up a Government where
their oppressors should have nothing to do
with the molding of their laws.
But, sir. I wisli to refer to the remarks of
the gentleman from Tennessee, and to say,
that the colored people who have emigrated
to Liberia would not desire to go there now,
in this year 1867, if they were living in this
country, when his own State has wiped out the
institution of slavery. Ay, sir, when they shall
learn in Liberia of the passage of the recon-
struction bill, which places the negro, from a
slave and the servant of a master for fifty
years, upon an equality with the proud op-
pressor, they will rather throw up their hands
and thank God, affd wait for the vessel that
shall bring them back to their native land.
Sir, the time has come when it should be de-
creed by the world that the white man is just
as good as the negro if he behaves himself.
I am willing as an Abolitionist of twenty years'
standing to subscribe to the doctrine that a
white man now is as good as a black man, if
he only behaves himself as well. [Laughter. ]
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. I withdraw it.
Mr. SPALDING. I renew the amendment.
Mr. Chairinan, I merely wish to state one or
two facts here with regard to the propriety of
appropriating the public money for this pur-
pose. I differ from some gentlemen in regard
to the success of this colony on the coast of
Africa. I believe the experiment is a success.
If I can believe the reports which come an-
nually from the colony, it is a success. Now,
sir, 1 do not ask for money from the public
Treasury for the purpose of compelling the
free blacks to go to the coast of Africa. No
such thing. There are now eleven hundred
men and women, who have been recently made
free, who a?k for the privilege of going to the
coast of Africa and settling within the colony
of Liberia. They ask for the means of trans-
portation, and it is to enable the Colonization
Society to transport these eleven hundred souls,
who are now pressing their application, that
this item has been placed in the bill, by virtue
of a resolution passed by this House at the
instance of the member from Tennessee, [Mr.
Mayxard.] I have now explained to the com-
mittee what is wanted. The decision in regard
to the propriety of the measure of course rests
with them.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope that will not
be done until Oregon can have an opportunity
to express her sentiments upon this important
subject.
The motion that the committee rise was then
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Alli-
son reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, pursuant to the order
of the House, had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being House bill No. 1227, making ap-
propriations and to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867,
and for other purposes, and had directed him
to report that they had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. Imove that when the House
again resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the special
order all debate on the pending paragraph be
closed in five minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. STEVENS. As several gentlemen have
notified .me that they have prepared amend-
ments which they propose to offer to the defi-
ciency appropriation bill, I willtiot move to go
into Committee of the Whole until the evening
session; but will yield now to allow the morn-
ing hour to transpire.
Mr. BIDWELL, I now ask unanimous con-
sent that the Committee on the Public Lands
have the half hour for reports which they asked
for last night.
Mr. SPALDING and others objected.
Mr. BIDWELL. I move that the rules be
suspended for that purpose.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE. I move that the rules be
suspended, in order to dispense with the morn-
ing hour, and proceed to the consideration of
business upon the Speaker's table.
The question was taken ; Tuul upon a division,
there were—ayes 66, noes 30.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended.
The SPEAKER. The first business upon
the Speaker's table are bills from the Senate
in which the concurrence of the House is re-
quested.
pacific coast railroad company.
The SPEAKER. The first business on the
Speaker's table is the bill (S. No. 133) entitled
"An act granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
waters of the bay of San Francisco to Hum-
boldt bay, in the State of California." This
bill was under consideration on Saturday, the
16th of February last, and has been displaced
since that time by other business.
The pending question was upon the follow-
ing amendment:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert
the following:
That S. G. Whipple, George Xoble, James W. Hen-
derson, Charles Mint urn, Daniol Lobdel, George Yo*t,
T. W. Miller, Benjamin Schenk, Joseph Woods, E.
L. Goolil, Samuel r. IJutterworth, Ij. L. Robinson, J.
P. llobinson, George A. Yoalo, John M.Carter, George
