256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
January 3,
teiet of Columbia, we had come to the sensible
conclusion that "man was snpcriorto his acci-
dents, and fro at once to a result, which will
Ufr arrived at finally, delay it as long as we may.
If men all over the coniltry may safely bo
trusted with the ballot when it is in white hands,
I know of no reason to apprehend danger
when it is in colored hands. Let us hare no
adjourned or unsettled questions about this
matter. Organize a government, give univer-
sal suffrage without regard to color; in other
words, duplicate the suffrage bill in the Dis-
trietof Columbia, and then our friends across
the way may begin to congratulate themselves
that they are in a fairway to seethe end of the
"negro question." The negro has been a hard
antagonist for them. He has destroyed the
Democratic party; and the only way now for any
party to deal with him successful Iv is to do the
fair thing by him and give him his rights! Let
him have the same rights as the white man,
and be subject to the same disabilities. Then
he will help to pay your debt and bear his share
of the burdens of the Government. Bat restrict
him, hamper hiro, and you make trouble for
the future. It is only when the stream is vexed
with dams and its natural course impeded that
yon have care and anxiety. If we will but
strike out boldly and rest the governments of
the StateR we are to reorganize upon manhood,
and not. upon caste, I have entire faith we shall
be successful and the ''negro question" be
finally settled. 1 confess I see no other course
that promises the blessing of good government,
to this generation.
Having done this, the present Congress may
well leave the completion of this great business
to its successor. Make the attempt with two
or three "of the States, I care not which, and
the next Congress will, I have no doubt, so
far approbate your course as in time to bring in
all the States in the same manner.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
enter a motion to refer to the joint committee
on reconstruction the bill introduced by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, together with
his substitute and the amendment of my col-
league [Mr. Ashi-ey, of Ohio] to the sub-
stitute.
Mr. MILLEIl. I desire to move an amend-
ment by adding to the ninth section of the
substitute of my colleague, [Mr. Stevens.]
The SPEAKER. That would not be in
order. The original bill can be amended. The
substitute cannot be, because there is already
^pending an amendment to the substitute, which
is ss far as any amendment can go. In addi-
tion to that, the motion to refer while pending
precludes any motion to amend.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not wish to proceed
with my remarks this evening, and therefore
will yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
to move that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
president's messagk.
Mr. STEVENS maved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union and proceed to the consideration of
the President's annual message.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, [Mr.
Ursos in the chair,') and proceeded to the
consideration of the President's annual mes-
sage, on which Mr. Giuxnell was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. GRINNEI.L. I understand the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania is ready to proceed this
evening, and I therefore yield the floor to him.
Mr. KELLET. Mr. Chairman, within an
hour of the opening of the present session I
introduced the following resolution, which was
adopted without dissent:
"That tlsn Committee of Ways and Means bo in-
structed I') inquire into the expediency of immedi-
ately repealias the provisions of theiaternal revenue
l#w whereby tv t,ix of five por cent. is imposed on the
Brodu-jW of tiio mcchaaionl and miuiutaotarinff m-
Suitiy of tho errantry."
On the succeeding Monday, having in the
mean time examined the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, I submitted the following:
Rttohed, That the proposition that the war debt
of the country should be extinguished by the genera-
tion that contracted it is not sanctioned by eotmd
principles of nation?! economy and does not meet
the approval of this House.
I hoped that this resolution would also re-
ceive the immediate assent of the House, but
it thought proper to refer it to the Committee
of Ways and Means. I am, however, not with-
out an assured hope that with the sanction of
that committee it will at an early day meet the
approval of the House and relieve the country
from the profound anxiety and depression cre-
ated by the unprecedented propositions of the
Secretary. With these resolutions in view I
propose, Mr. Chairman, to detain the com-
mittee for a little while by an examination of
that budget of inaptitudes, incongruities, and
non sequiturs—the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury.
This report is indeed a noticeable document.
It abounds in phrases and propositions of
doubtful meaning: its abstract propositions,
many of which as mere abstractions are true,
and should be considered by the founder of a
new and independent community, are not only
inapplicable but are contravened by the inexor-
able peculiarities of our condition ; its abound-
ing foets do not sustain but with emphasis
gainsay the conclusions they are marshaled
to support; and the means by which it pro-
poses to return to specie payments and extin-
guish the national debt within given periods
would, by virtue of laws as fixed as that of
gravitation, produce bankruptcy, individual,
corporate, State, and national, and postpone
the permanent resumption of specie payments
for a quarter of a century. There is nothing
hi this report to gratify one's national pride.
As we read it we seek excuses for its author
and hope we may be able to say for him that
he confided its preparation to a subordinate
who dealt unfairly by him. It may, however, be
that Mr. McCulloch, like an oarsman, rowed
one way and looked another, and was too mod-
est to announce his real purpose. He may
have improved the occasion to repair a neglect
in the education of the people; for Rev. Mr.
Nasby tells us that the Secretary was present
at the Cabinet meeting convened to consider
the " onparallclled loosenin uv the Nashnel-
Union-Johnson-Dimekratic party in the vari
ous States wieh held elections on the 9th uv
October last," and that he attributed it ''to
the limited knowledge the masses hed uv 'In-
geany bankin.' But, be this as it may, I am
sure the country will sustain the assertion that
whatever commendation the report may de-
serve or receive from "Ingeany" or other
bankers it is marked by no leading sugges-
tion adapted to fche existing exigencies of our
country.
The Secretary's wisdom is that of a man
owning a thousand fertile acres, who by the
aid of a loon on mortgage had fenced them in
and built barns and all requisite outbuildings,
and gathered live stock and the many imple-
ments by which genius has lightened the labors
and increased the profits of the farmer, and
who withal had able-bodied sons to share his
labors, and of these agencies was accumulat-
ing a fund with which in a few years he could
extinguish his indebtedness; but who when
a fire consumed his barns and implements
and choice stock would not use his savings to
renew his stock and implements, but though
his creditor was not anxious for his money
would sell his interest-bearing bonds and hand
over the proceeds, his working capital, as part
payment of the mortgage debt.
He who under such circumstances would
come to such a conclusion and execute it would
find but little sympathy among his neighbors.
Eager as they might be to repair his losses they
would not belikely to make him county treasurer
or confide the township funds to his adminis-
tration. They would probably deem him inad-
equate to the management of his own property,
and feel (hat their neighborhood was well rid
- H
of one who could thus stupidly sacrifice his
resources and doom his sons to idleness or to
earn laborers' sages on the land of strangers.
Y et, disavowing all disposition to exaggeration
or caricature, I present such an one as the pro-
totype of our Finance Minister, as he discloses
himself in this report.
Witness the exultation with which he an-
nounces that during the brief period of four-
teen months, namely, from August SI, 1865, to
October 31, 1866, the principal of our debt was
reduced $206,879,565 71. I wonder whether in
his exultation Mr. McCulloch remembered that
this immense sum of more than $206,000,009
had been added to the cost and market price
of the product of but fourteen months of
American labor and that' by its addition to the
cost and price of our home productions those
of the underpaid labor of Europe had been
given the advantage over the American laborer
in our own markets and those of the world. I
wonder wheth er in his pride he perceived that he
was announcing the needless abstraction of
more than two hundred and six millions of active
working capital from the business men of this
country, many of whom were struggling to
maintain infant industries which had been
called into existoncc by the war and needed
the fostering care of the Government to give
them prosperity and permanence. Unfamiliar
as he appears to be with the laws of .social
science, and the history of their development,
it is possible he did not know the advantage
he was giving to British monopoly over com-
peting American enterprise and industry by
recommending the continuance of the excess-
ive taxation which enabled him to pay those
hundreds of millions. England is the foe of
the laborer in every land. To maintain her
monopoly she must undersell other nations
in their own markets, and to effect this must
depress the wages of labor to the lowest pos-
sible point and use shoddy or other base mate-
rial whenever it can be done without immediate
detection. Her capitalists are, we are assured,
accumulating £100,000,000 or $500.000.OIK)
surplus capital per annum; and for more than
a century it has been their policy to apply a
portion of this surplus to the destruction ot the
industries ofother nations by underselling
them, though for a time it involved loss on cer-
tain kinds of g,->ods. We have often been tlio
victims of this unscrupulous policy, and if ih«
suggestions of the Secretary prevail it will
again prostrate us.
The war of 1812 developed our productiva
power very considerably ; but in two years after
thewarcloscd the capitalists of England, by the
express advice of her leading statesmen and
in pursuance of a deliberate combination,
swept oar young manufactures oat of exist-
ence. In the course of a speech in Pariia-
: ment in 1S1">, Henry Brougham, exulting over
! our wide-spread bankruptcy, said:
"It h well worth whilo to incur a loss upon tho
first exportation in order by the shit tojsti'Jo i.i tho
cradle those rising manufactures in the United ^tfitea
whi«h the war has forced into existence."
History, so far as that chapter is concerned,
is repeating itself, and our market is glutted
with British woolen goods which until our fac-
tories shall discharge their work-people and
suspend operations will be sold at less than cost.
The assessment of extraordinary taxes for the
extinguishment of the war debt while such a
contest is waging will make the victory of our
enemy an easy one. 11 he policy is suicidal,
and will prove fatal to oar revenues by par-
' alyzing the productive power of the country
: arid diminishing the ability of the people to
j consume either dutiable or taxable commodi-
ties. This is not the language of declamation.
It has high official sanction, among which is
that of the revenue commission appointed by
the Secretary himself, as will appear by the
following extract from tho last •annual report
of the secretary of tho National Association of
Wool-Growers.
Before presenting this extract I should re-
mark that, the tax on manufactures has been
reduced from six to five per eent, since the
