1861
Tm CONGRESSIONAL OLOBI.
preparation of the official reports to which it
refers:
"The internal revenue tax pai4in the year 1865
upon•* woolen fabrics and all manufactures of wool'
amounted to $7,947,094. being 3.79.per cpnt. upon the
this tax bears upon our manufactures is shown by
facts presented in the report of the secretary of the
State of Massachusetts upon.the industrial statistics
of the St'ate for the year 1865. The capital invested
in woolens proper is shown to hare been $14,775,830,
and the value of the woolen product to have been
$48,430,-671. Six per cent, upon the latter sum, the
amount of thfe revenue tax, is $£,905,846, being 19.66
per eebt., or in roundiaui&bers 20 per cent, upon the
capital invested in woolens. This tax has been paid
cheerfully under the impulses of patriotism. But it
cannot be borne long. In the languageof one of the
special reports of the revenue commission, * It has
no parallel, probably, in the fiscal regulations of any
civilized nation. It would utterly destroy in ten
years two thirds of the various kinds 'of production
subject to its operations.'"
Gentlemen will not fail to observe ho# per-
fectly the views of the commission are sup-
ported by the facts above cited in relation to
the woolen manufactures of Massachusetts.
But: I recur to the revenue report:
** A very large proportion of the manufacturing es-
tablishments in the United States sell productsyear-
ly to two or three times the amount of their invested
capital; and inmany departments of production their
sales yearly amount to more than three times the
cost of their establishments. If the capital invested
be $100,000 the sales may amount to two or three hun-
dred thousand dollars, and the tax on that business
will range from twelve to eighteen thousand dollars;
that is, from twelve to eighteen per cent..on the cost
of the manufacturing establishment."
And again:
" In every point of view in which it is presented it
seems clear that the six per cent, tax upon manufac-
tures will destroy productive power in an increasing
progression; thatitwillinafewyears,ifnotremoved,
furnish a sad monument to perpetuate the memory of
a great mistake."
The Secretary's time and attention have
probably been so absorbed by his official guillo-
tine that he has not been able to examine the
reports submitted to him by the revenue com-
mission. I will, in the hope of bringing them
to his attention, add to the foregoingthe follow-
ing brief extract from their preliminary report
of last year, sabmitted to him by Mr. Commis-
sioner Wells:
"The remedy, therefore, for the difficulties above
pointed out and illustrated, save in a few striking in-
stances which have probablyresulted from oversight
in the framing of the law, must, in the opinion of the
commission, be sought for in such a revision of the
present internal revenue system as will look to an
entire exemption of the manufacturing industry of
the United States from all direei taxation, (distilled
and fermented liquors, tobaeeo, and possibly a few
other articles excepted.) This the commissioners are
unhesitatingly prepared to recommend."
These grave considerations, though specially
reported to him by his own agents, do notseera
to have attracted the attention of Mr. McCul-
loch ; for while exulting over the rapid pay-
ment of the debt, without seeming to detect the
cause of the popular emotion, he says :
" Nothing in our history has created so much sur-
prise, both at home and abroad, as the reduction of
our national debt. The wonder excited by the ra-
pidity with Which it was created is exceeded by the
admiration of the resolution of the tax-payers them-
selves that it shall be speedily extinguished."
It is true, Mr. Chairman, that surprise and
wonder agitate the practical men of the country.
These emotions are not, however, excited by
the fact that we were able to bear extraordi-
nary taxation while the development of our
boundless productive power was stimulated by
the exigencies of the war, and our own market
was secured to our own producers by the dif-
ference between our lawful currency and gold,
in which payment of duties on imports was re-
quired. The taxes under which those hundreds
of millions accumulated were assessed while
war was raging and for war purposes, and could
have been borne as long as the conditions I have
indicated were maintained. Wise men know
this, and that the war terminated abruptly and
earlier than was expected, and do not hold the
Secretary accountable for the results of this
contingency. No matter what sacrifices it
involved, the people would have cheerfully
borne them rather than yield the questions
put at issue by the war. But these questions
have been happily settled by war's arbitra-
ment. Peace is restored, our currency approxi-
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 17.
257
mates the specie standard, and it is discovered
that by aid of our inordinate internal taxes
foreign manufacturers are monopolizing onr
home market. Our publishers buy their paper
and print and bind their books in England or
Belgium; our umbrella-makers ■ have trans-
ferred their workshops to English towns; our
woolen and worsted mills are closed or closing,
and the laborers in these branches are not
only wasting their eapjjal, which consists in
their skill and industry, out drawing from the
savings-banks or selling the Government bonds
in which they had invested their small accu-
mulations to maintain their families during the
winter; and ourenlarged importations of foreign
goods are swelling the balance of trade against
us and preparing us for general bankruptcy.
The surprise of which Mr. McCulloch speaks
is excited by the fact that in view of this con-
dition of things the Secretary of the Treasury
should urge the maintenance of extraordinary
taxes sufficient to enable him to apply not less
than $50,000,000 per annum to the extinguish-
ment of our debt by the rapid absorption of
the only portion of that debt which bears no
interest. Wonder amounting almost to awe
does possess our people, and it is excited as
was that of the unsophisticated sailor who, in
the midst of an exhibition of magical illusions,
was blown into the air by the accidental ex-
plosion of powder, and in his damaged con-
dition wondered what would come next in the
order of exercises.
That the tax-payers have resolved that the
principal of our debt "shall be speedily extin-
guished" I deny. They regard the attempt
as Quixotic, as destructive of our industrial
interests, and beneficial only to money-lenders,
speculators in Government securities, and for-
eign manufacturers. Sir, if the Secretary is ac-
cessible to the voice ofremonstrance he must by
this time be satisfied that there is no tax-payer in
the country who is not engaged in importing for-
eign goods or in shaving notes, or who, having
bought bonds at low rates in a depreciated cur-
rency, hopes to have them redeemed at an early
day in specie, who does not dissent from the
assessment of extraordinary taxes for the ex-
tinguishment by the generation which created
it, of a debt, the security of which is undoubted
and which was incurred for the benefit of pos-
terity. The opinion of the people on this ques-
tion is modestly expressed by the editor of the
ablest and most instructive of our industrial
journals, the Iron Age. He says:
" We are glad to see that aresolution for the entire
removal of the manufacturers' tax of five per cent,
has been introduced, and hope it will be adopted.
As an independent proposition, outside of any other
amendment of the tax or tariff laws, this will com-
mend itself to the good sense of the country as one so
manifestly just that we should expectthere would be
a very general expression of public feeling in its
favor. All classes can heartily unite in this effort to
untrammel theindustry of the country and to cheapen
production. The free-trader and protectionist can at
least here agree; the workman is quite as directly
interested in this matter as the employer, for the
effectof the tax is only to restrict the demand forthe
products of his labor. As a war necessity we cheer-
fully accepted this burden which the manufacturers
of the country have borne with such uncomplaining
loyalty j but now that the necessity is past, and that
the national exchequer is in such a condition that it
can easily and safely dispense with the-revenue it
produced, we think we are entitled, on behalf of
manufacturers and their workmen, to demand its
repeal. England, with all her load of taxes, has no
such impost as this; hor uniform policy is in every
way possible to cheapen the production of her wares,
and in the unequal contest which we are called to
wage with her it is in the last degree unwise to put
ourselves under this additional and unnecessary dis-
ability."
Sir, this generation embraces the widows,
orphans, and maimed soldiers of the contend-
ing parties in a civil war, each of which parties
had armies numbering more than a million
men in the field. They at least are in no con-
dition to welcome excessive taxation, espe-
cially those of the South, who are without even
the poor pittance we give to ours as pensions.
The folly of the dull farmer I have sup-
posed—a ease of stupidity scarcely probable,
though possible within the range of human
dullness—is the wisdom by which the Secre-
tary proposes to guide the finances of this
countrv and extricate them from embarrass-
ments which in this report he depicts as
almost overwhelming. Let us hear him. He
says that—
"He has been clear in his convictions that specie
payments are not to be restored by an accumulation
ot com inthe Treasury to be paid out at a future day
m the redemption of Government obligations; but
rather by qmekened industry, increased prodae-
tion, and lower prices, which ean alone make the
United btates what they ought to be—a creffitor aud
not a debtor nation.
And as if to illustrate his want of sincerity,
or the confusion of his ideas, proceeds to
speak of " certain branches of industry that are
now languishing under the burdens wliich have
been imposed on them;" and to tell us that
though "the people of the United States are
naturally a commercial and maritime people,
fond of adventure—bold, enterprising, persist-
ent"—
" The disagreeable, fact must be admitted, that,
with unequaled facilities for obtaining the materials,
and with acknowledged skill in ship-building, with
thousands of miles of sea-coast, indented with the
finest harbors in the world, with surplus products
that require in their exportation a large and increas-
ing tonnage, we can neither profitably build ships
nor successfully compete with English ships in the
transportation of our own productions. Twenty
years ago it was anticipated that ere this the United
States would be the first maritime Power in the
world. Contrary to our anticipations, our foreign
commerce has declined nearly fifty per cent, within
the last six years."
And as if to impress us more profoundly
with our present inability to bear excessive
taxation, he sets forth the following statistics;
"The tonnage of American vessels engaged in the
foreign carrying trade which entered United States
ports was—
In 1860   5,921.285 tons.
In 1865 2,943,661 "
In 1866 3,372,060 "
"The tonnage of such vessels which were cleared
from the United States was—
In I860 6,165,924 tons.
In I860 3,025,134 44
In 1866 3,383,176 "
44 The tonnage of foreign vessels which entered our
ports was—
In 1860 2,353,911 tons.
In 1865   3,216.967 "
In 1866 .....4,410,424 "
0 The tonnage of foreign vessels which were cleared
In 1860 - 2,624,005 tons.
In 1865 3,595,123 44
In 1866 4,438,384 44
While admitting that something of the dim-
inution of our shipping must be attributed to
the effects of the war, the Secretary, as if to
prove that high taxes have been more destruct-
ive than war, says:
4,The scarcity of American vessels ought to have
produced, and but for a redundant currcncy and high
taxes would have produced, activity in our ship-yards
and a rapid increase of tonnage; but this has not
been the case. The prices of labor and materials are
so high that ship-building cannot be made profitable
in the United States, and many of our ship-yards arc
beingpractically transferred to theBriti^ja Provinces.
It is only a few years since American ships were
sought after on accountof theirsuperiority and cheap-
ness; and large numbers of vessels were built in
Maine and other States on foreign account or sold
to foreigners, while at the same time our own mer-
cantile marine was being rapidly increased." *
* * * "It is an important truth that vessels
can be built very much cheaper in the British Prov-
inces than in Maine. Nay, further, that timber can
be taken from Virginia to the Provinces, and from
these Provinces to England, and there made into
ships which can be sold at a profit; while the same
kind of vessels can only be built in New England at
a loss by the most skillful and economical builders/'
**********
" The same causes—a redundant currency and high
taxes—that prevent ship-building tend to prevent
the bnilding of houses and even of manufactories.
So high are prices of every description that men
hesitate to build dwellings as fast as they are re-
quired, and thus rents are so advanced as to be op-
pressive to lessees, and the healthy growth of towns
and cities is retarded. So it is in regard to manu-
factories. Mills which were built before the war can
be run profitably, but so expensive are labor and
materials that new mills cannot be erected and put
into operation with any prospect of fair returns upon
the investment, unless upon the expectation that
taxes will remain as they are and prices be sus-
tained, if they are not advanced. The same causes
are injuriously affecting agriculture and other inter-
ests which it is not necessary to particularize. It is
everywhere observed that existing high prices are
not only oppressing the masses of the people, but arc
seriously checking the development, growth, and
prosperity of the country."
What remedied does our sagacious Secre-
tary propose for the evils he so truthfully de-
