1698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
gay that sach facts have come to my knowl-
edge since the last session of Congress as to
make it incumbent upon me to vote against the
measure. The grant itself is an extraordinary
one. I know personally large landholders
along the line of this road have been here urg-
ing the passage of this bill for the enhancement
of their own private fortunes. While I do not
impute wrong motives to any gentleman,' still
I cannot vote for this bill.
Mr. BID WELL. What are the facts to
which the gentleman refers ?
Mr. J ULIAN. A very strong remonstrance
has been made and is now in the commit-
tee-room against the passage of the bill on
account of the extent of land granted. The
other is the fact I have already stated in the
gentleman's hearing, that individuals owning
large quantities of land along the line of the
road have been urging its passage upon the
ground that their private interests would be
seriously injured unless it was passed.
Mr. BIDWELL. That is a most extraor-
dinary statement. I have heard nothing of
these individuals.
Mr. JULIAN. I say to my personal knowl-
edge gentlemen have been here claiming to
. own large tracts of land and urging the pas-
sage of this bill.
Mr. McRUER. I desire to say if there are
individuals owning large tracts of land along
this line, that land will not be included in this
grant, and so much the less will inure to the
company. We propose if this company will
construct this road, which will be a great public
benefit, they shall have a certain amount of
land. It will not only enhance the remainder
of the public laud, but will make it all inhabit-
able.
Now, sir, this bill has been printed for more
than a year; copies have been sent to Califor-
nia, and the people there know what are its
provisions. 1 have never heard a word of dis-
approval from any portion of the State wherte
this road is to run. The gentleman from Indi-
ana says a remonstrance has been sent here
against it. I well know a remonstrance has
come from some parties in Detroit, Michigan,
who do not know anything about it. I have
not seen the remonstrance, but I am sure no
regard should be paid to a remonstrance from
people who are three thousand miles away.
Mr. JULIAN. There is one in the commit-
tee-room.
Mr. McRUER. Is there any sent from Cali-
fornia? I have not heard of any opposition
from that State to this bill. It is not in my
district. I have no interest in it, and I have
not a single friend I am' 'aware of who is. I
know if this road can be constructed under
this bill it will be a great public benefit. I
know that the Government never will sell this
land unless some such road be constructed;
that no timber will ever be taken from it unless
some artificial means be made to facilitate its
transportation.
The lands granted are to be conterminous.
The road goes for the first sixty miles through
a fertile and settled district, and they will get
no land until it strikes the wild uninhabited
mountain land, and they only get the land
according as the road is built. I am sure for
everything we grant we get a corresponding
good in return. I demand the previous ques-
• j^r- scofield. is this given to private
individuals or to a corporation ?
Mr. McRUER. The corporation is to be
with the approval of the State of California.
Ihe Northern Pacific railroad was incorpo-
rated in the same way.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
• Mr. ROSS moved to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. SCOFIELD demanded the previous
question.
Mr. DELANO moved to lay it on the table.
Mr. McRUER demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. mcruer and
Mr. Ross were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 64, noes 36.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid on the table; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
commutation of sentence.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was bill of the Senate No. 460, in relation to
persons imprisoned under sentence for offenses
against the laws of the United States; which
i was read a first and second time.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that the bill be put
upon its passage.
The bill was read. It provides that all pris-
oners who have been or shall hereafter be con-
victed of any offense against the laws of the
United States and confined in any State prison
or penitentiary, in execution of the judgment
or sentence upon such conviction, who shall
so conduct themselves that no charge for mis-
conduct shall be sustained against them, shall
have a deduction of one month in each year
made from the term of their sentences, and
shall be entitled to their discharge so much
sooner, upon the certificate of the warden or
keeper of such prison or penitentiary, with the
approval of the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move the pre-
vious question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Th® bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
jail in district of colombia.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was bill of the Senate No. 65, to amend
an act entitled "An act authorizing the con-
struction of a jail in and for the District of
Columbia," approved June 25, 1866; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. WELKER. I move that the bill be put
on its passage.
The bill was read. The first section repeals
so much of the former act as specifies the
amounts to be raised and paid into the Treas-
ury of the United States by the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, respectively, before
the completion of the jail.
The second section provides that it shall be
the duty of the corporate authorities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown to raise, by tax or
otherwise, and to pay into the Treasury of the
United States at or before the completion of
the jail the sum of $78,000, and also a fur-
ther sum of $12,000.
The bill was ordered to a third reading;
and it was according read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the vote
by*'hich the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
absence of territorial officers.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was bill of the Senate No. 32, to prevent the
absence of territorial officers from their offi-
cial duties; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move that the
bill be referred to the Committee on the Ter-
ritories.
The motion was agreed to.
improvement of washington btbmt8.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was bill of the Senate No. 272, to authorise the
corporation of Washington to reduce the width
of and improve the avenues and streets of that
city; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask that this bill be
pat on its passage.
The bill was read. The first section author-
izes the corporation of the city of Washington,
subject to such limitations and restrictions a3
Congress may from time to time prescribe, to
regulate the width and method of improvement
of the carriage-ways and foot-ways, and of all
that portion of the surface not included in car-
riage-ways or foot-ways, of all streets or ave-
nues in the city which exceed one hundred feet
in width, excepting Pennsylvania avenue and
the portion of Louisiana avenue between Fourth
and Fifth streets west. It provides also that
such streets or avenues as are now occupied by
railroads shall have a paved carriage-way in
their center and a width of one hundred feet
between the curbs ; that the pavements on each
side shall be fifteen feet wide; that the steps
shall not extend more than soven feet beyond
the building lines; and that the residue of each
street or avenue between the points already
designated shall be reserved for trees and shrub-
bery ; one row of trees to be planted in the
pavements two feet within the lines of the
curbs, and another row, parallel to the first, on
the residue of each street or avenue.
By the second section, all acts inconsistent
with this act are repealed.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. ingersoll] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. I am very glad of it, for
I want to know from the gentleman from Illi-
nois what necessity there is for this bill?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will state it to the
gentleman.
The expense attending the paving and im-
proving of the wide streets and avenues of this
city is very great, and it has to be borne by the
property-holders who own property lying con-
tiguous to those streets and avenues. This bill
authorizes the reduction of the width of the
streets by increasing the width of the side-
walks to some extent, and by taking portions
of the streets and avenues and putting them
into parks. It allows no interference, how-
ever, with any street not exceeding one hun-
dred feet in width, and it allows no interference
whatever with Pennsylvania avenue, nor with
the portion of Louisiana avenue between Fourth
and Fifth streets west.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is a new bill, to
which my attention has not been called until
now, and it does not strike me very favorably.
This city was laid out after much consideration,
looking not merely to the temporary convenience
of its then inhabitants, nor even to the number
that it now has, but looking forward to a time
not far distant when it should be the capital
of a great nation, numbering its population by
the hundred millions; and I can readily con-
ceive why property-holders who live upon
these streets would be very glad to see these
streets narrowed and their lots enlarged, so
as to give them that much additional private
property and also diminish their public liabil-
ities to that extent. It does seem to me, with
all deference to my distinguished chief upon
the Committee for the District of Columbia,
[Mr. ingersoll]—and i defer to no man more
profoundly than I do to him—that we had bet-
ter not pass this bill until it has gone through
the sifting processes that bills go through in
that committee. I therefore suggest to him the
propriety of allowing this bill to go over until
the next Congress, when it can be considered
with more deliberation.
Mr. DAWES. I hope this bill will arrest
the attention of the House, for I am very con-
fident that if they once come to understand
what there is in this bill that will be pretty
much the last of it. It means, if it means any-
thing, the destruction of the symmetry and
beauty of this city and the abandonment of the
original plan upon which it was laid out and
upon which it has been built. If it means any-
thing and is to have any effect at all, it is to
permit the corporation of Washington to nar-
row these streets, to pave such portions of
them as they please, to make sidewalks at first,
and then incorporate a portion of them into
building lots, according as may be suggested
