280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Janugty 3,
Same of the Secretary's suggestions are em-
bodied in distinct—no, not in distinct, but in
riumerical propositions. To one of these I
invite the attention of the committee. It is as
follows:
"2. That the duties upon imported commodities
should correspond ami liiirmoni?.e with the taxes upon
acme productions; and that these duties should not
be so high as to be prohibitory, hor to build up home
monopolies, nor_ to .'prevent that free exchange of
commodities which is the life of commerce. Nor, on
the other hand, should they be so low as to seriously
Impair the revenues, nor to subject the home manu-
facturers, burdened with heavy internal taxes, to a
competition with cheaper labor and larg«  capital
which they may be unable to sustain."
''There's wisdom for you!" I venture to
assert that Jack Bunsby throughout his intel-
lectual career never uttered a more character-
istic proposition than, that; and all will agree
that since the celebrated Kane letter of James
K. Polk onr political literature has embodied
no utterance more shrewdly Delphic.
This ingeniously inexpressive proposition
does not embody the Secretary's only allusion
to "home monopolies." He seems to hold
them in special dread; and it is to be deeply
regretted that he has not indicated the argu-
ment by which his apprehensions are sustained,
as they are not to be found in the works of the
diseiples of any school of political economy or
social science.
The teachers of free trade do not agree with
him in believing that high duties "build up
home monopolies." They assert that protec-
tion secures undue profits to certain branches
of production and tempts capitalists to ruin
themselves by so overdoing the business as to
glut the market and have to sell their goods at
small profits or at a loss. Their theory pro-
ceeds upon the want of judgment in capitalists
and business men—but by asserting that high
duties beget undue domestic competition deaies
that they promote local monopolies.
Nor does Mr. McCulloch agree with the
school of protectionists, for they say that
assured protection against unequal competition
giv.es capitalists confidence and induces them
to open mines and build furnaces, forges, and
factories, whereby constant employment and,
ample wages are secured to the otherwise idle
people of the country. This theory proceeds
on the assumption that the American manu-
facturer. is competent to measure the contin-
gencies of our own markets and of -the natural
course of foreign trade, but is not competent
to resist the gigantic efforts which were com-
mended by Lord Brougham, and one of which
is now making by the Crcesus-like capitalists
of England '' to stifle in the cradle those rising
manufactures in the United States which the
war has forced into existence."
Our present condition resembles very closely
that of the States of Europe at the close of
Napoleon's wars, and the following passage
from the admirable address of John L. Hayes,
Esq., entitled "The Fleece and the Loom,"
embodies illustrations of fixed laws applicable
enough to dispel even the Secretary's dread of
'' home monopolies:''
" What would have been the future industrial con-
dition of continental Europe if at the time when
peace restored the nations to labor the textile manu-
factures had been left to their own free course and
no legislation had intervened to regulate their pro-
gress? Can there be any doubt that they would have
become the exclusive occupation of England? Alone
in the possession of steam power ana machinery;
alone provided with ships and means of transport:
alone endowed, through her staple legislation, with
capital to vivify her natural wealth, she had abso-
lute command of the markets of the Continent. The
question was presented to the continental nations
whether they should accept the cheap tissues of Eng-
land, or atsome sacrifices repol them, to appropriate
to themselves the labor and profit of their production.
Thelatter oourse was successively adopted, with some
modifications, by each of the continental nations;
and with what results to their own wealth and the
industrial progress and comfort of the world? In-
stead of a single workshop Europe has the workshops
of France, Russia, Austria, Prussia, Belgium, Swe-
den, Denmark, Spain, each clothing its own people
with substantial fabrics; each developing its own
eroative genius and peculiar resources; each con-
tributing to substitute the excellence of competition
for the mediocrity of monopoly; oaeh adding to the
progress of the arts and the wealth and comfort of
mankind."
The fifth of the Secretary's propositions is
"the rehabilitation of the States recently in
insurrection.'' Referring to the conquered ter-
ritories, which notwithstanding the President's
usurpations await the action of the law-making
power, Mr. McCulloch says:
'' Embracing as they do one third part of the richest
lands of the country, and producing articles of great
value for home use and for exportation to other
countries, their position with, regard to the General
Government cannot remain unsettled, and their in-
dustrial pursuits cannot continue to be seriously dis-
turbed, without causing sueh a diminution of the
production of their great staples as must necessarily
affect our revenues, and render still more unsatis-
factory than they now are our trade relations with
Europe." * * * * "There will be no
real prosperity in these States, and consequently no
real prosperityin onetbird partof the United States,
until all possess again equal privileges under the
Constitution."
If it be true, as it undoubtedly is, that "one
third part of the richest lands of the country''
are by reason of temporary causes not pro-
ducing "articles of great value for home use
and for exportation to other countries" would
it not seem to suggest the idea that this un-
happy state of affairs should be permitted to
pass away and these lands be made product-
ive before they should be burdened with taxes
not demanded by imperious necessity? And
whether before these lands shall be able to bear
taxation for that purpose the people of the
North, whose sacrifices during the war saved
the integrity of the Union, should be called
upon to extinguish the debt created by the
crimes of the possessors of this broad and rich
territory ? The people of the northern States
have certainly arrived atthis conclusion, and I
have shown that schooled by suffering the peo-
ple of the South, while antagonizing them on
many points, tigrcc with them on this.
Pursuing this branch of his subject, Mr.
McCulloch asks, "Can the nation be regarded
as in a healthy condition when the industry of
so large a portion of it is deranged ?'' And the
people, North and South, answer "No; and
in our enfeebled condition we pray you not to
rob us of our working capital in order to ex-
tinguish a debt which was contracted for the
benefit of mankind and future ages."
He asks again, "And can the labor question
at the South be settled as long as the political
status of the South is unsettled?" And the
country answers "yes, there is no inseparable
connection between the labor question and the
political status of the conquered territories:"
and adds that the "political status" of the
.South cannot be settled until its rebellious
"leaders discover that the loyal people of the
country are able to defend its institutions
against the usurpations of Andrew Johnson,
accept the constitutional amendments already
adopted and which are in process of adoption
by three fourths of the States which now con-
stitute the Union, and submit to Congress con-
stitutions republican in form upon which the
people shall have set the seal of their approval.
The people of the loyal North cannot restore
those of the conquered territories to their
"political status." We can only consent to
their restoration when they shall be willing
that it shall take place on terms which will
render the future peace of the country secure,
and for this we are and have been ready. The
leaders of the South not we are the dog in the
manger. It is they who by refusing to abandon
the dogmas that evoked the war and the oli-
garchic institutions that sustained it resist the
influx of the tide of immigration that would
fertilize their lands and republicanize their
institutions.
The imminent want of the people of the South
is not "political status." That would not ena-
ble them to settle the "labor question." What
they want is capital and currency and a will-
ingness to permit loyal men, whether white or
black, native or foreign, to dwell among them,
and by their labor quicken into commercial
value the boundless and varied natural wealth
of the land they occupy, but which they will
neither work themselves nor permit others to
work in peace and safety. When in obedience
to a healthy national sentiment or the prompt-
ings of their own interests they will make capi-
tal secure, opinion free, and give peaceful scope
to enterprise within their borders, the immense
deposits which profitless to their owners now lie
in bank, because under the hammering process
of the Secretary of the Treasury judicious meti
are afraid to embark in new enterprises will be
transferred to the South to develop her pro-
ductive and taxable power, and make her pop-
ulous and prosperous beyond the wildest dream
of the visionary theorists who involved her in a
war as causeless as it was disastrous.
Mr. Chairman, time will not permit me to
answer all the Secretary's interrogatories or
examine each of his numerical propositions.
But his friends may complain that I have
not alluded to that which they regard as his
chief specific. It is set forth in the second
of another series of propositions as follows:
"a curtailment of the currency to the amount
required by legitimate and healthful trade."
On this point, though not condescending to
indicate what amount of currency is in his
judgment required by "legitimate and health-
ftil trade" in the present abnormal condition
of the country, the Secretary is peculiarly
coherent and luminous. He is clearly a dis-
ciple of Dr. Sangrado. He recognizes the
circulating medium as the life-blood of com-
merce, and as Sangrado attempted to restore
his patients by withdrawing blood and inject-
ing warm water into their veins he proposes to
assist extraordinary taxation in the work of
rehabilitating the southern States, whose great
want is currency and working capital, and in
invigorating the languishing interests of the
North by contracting the currency, and especi-
ally by withdrawing that portion which is of
equal and unquestioned value in every part of
the country—the United States notes, com-
monly called "greenbacks." He says:
"He regards a redundant legal-tender currency as
the prime cause of our financial difficulties and a
curtailment thereof indispensable to an increase of
labor and a reduction of prices to an augmentation
of exports and a diminution of imports, which alone
wilt place the trade between the United States and
other nations on an equal and satisfactory footing."
And that—
" He is of opinion that the national banks should
be sustained, and that the paper circulation of the
country should be reduced, not by compelling them
to retire their notes, but by the withdrawal of the
"United States notes."
Mr. Chairman, had I been properly in-
structed in the mysteries of " Injeany banlc-
in' " I might be able to comprehend and ap-
preciate these suggestions; but in the blind-
ness of my ignorance I cannot see what there
is to commend his theory to the Finance Min-
ister of our country. The greenbacks are, it
is true, part of our debt, and must therefore at
some day be redeemed ; but they are the only
part of our immense debt which bears no inter-
est; and while there are outstanding, as the
Secretary's statement of December 1, 1866,
shows, §147,387,140ofcompound-interestnotes
which are currency and used as such by the na-
tional banks, and"3609,933,750 of throe-years'
notes bearing seven and three tenths per cent,
interest, all of which were purchased in a
greatly depreciated currency, I cannot compre-
hend the philosophy which proposes to let the
interest on these run, while absorbing a non-
interest-bearing loan which the people cherish
as furnishing the best currency except specie
they have ever had.
The experiment if attempted as a means of
hastening specie payments will prove a failure,
but not a harmless one. It will be fatal to the
prospects of a majority of the business men of
this generation and strip the frugal laboring
people of the country ot the small but hard-
earned sums they have deposited in savings
banks or invested in Government securities. It
will make money scarce and employment un-
certain. Its object is to reduce the amount of
that which in every part of our country and for
the hundreds of thousands of millions of dol-
lars of domestic trade is money and to increase
its purchasing power; and by unsettling values
it will paralyze trade, suspend production, and
deprive industry of employment. It will make
the money of the rich man more valuable and
