1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1025
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
taken up, read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of Claims, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred ; and also moved that the moiion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
'boundary between oregon and idaiio.
Mr. HENDERSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill directing the Commissioner
of the General Land Office to cause the bound-
ary line between the State of Oregon and the
Territory of Idaho to be surveyed-and suitably
marked at the earliest practicable period; which
was read a first and second time, and referred,
on motion of Mr. Brandegee, to the Commit-
tee on t.he Territories.
Mr. BRANDEGEE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
removal of wreck off new york harbor.
Mr. RAYMOND, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
llpiolwd. That the Secretary of War be requested
to communicate to this House the report of the en-
gineer in relation to the wreck sunk off the entrance
ofNow York harbor, northeast of Sandy Hook light-
house.
report of j. ross browne.
Mr. IIIGBY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was,
under the law, referred to the Committee on
Printing:
IirHohedt That ton thousand copies of the report
of J. Ross Browne on mineral resources, &e., in ad-
dition to those already ordered, be printed tor the
use of the membeis of this House; and also thet a
copy of the i ules prepared at the Gener;i l Land Office
to aid in the disposal of th® mineral lands under the
law tor that purpose be added to each copy of said
report.
j. ii. riley.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the sum of $200 bo allowed and paid
to J. II. Hi ley fox- services rendered by hiul as clerk
to the House Committee on the Pacific Railroad
during the iirst and second sessions of the present
Congress,
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vole by
which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the
several votes on the foregoing bills .and reso-
lutions, on which motions were not made to
reconsider; and also moved to lay that motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK called for the regular order
of business.
indian appropriation bill.
The House accordingly resumed the consid-
eration of House bill No. 1039, making appro-
priations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending 30th June, 1858,
reported from the Committee of the Whole last-
evening with various amendments.
Mr. KASSON. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope the gentleman
will allow me to make a motion.
Mr. KASSON. I would like to hear what
the motion is before I allow it to be made.
Mr. SCOFIELD. There is a large amount
of these appropriations for the maintenance
and benefit of the Indians not called for by
treaties, and I wish to make a motion to re-
commit the bill with instructions to strike them
all out.
Mr. KASSON. There is a certain amount
of appropriations made for purposes not pro-
39tii Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 65.
vided for by treaties, but they are customary ap-
propriations in anticipation of treaties. I have
only to assure the gentleman that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations have endeavored to
make the appropriations as.small as possible.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have no doubt the com-
mittee are following precedents in making these
appropriations. But here are appropriations
introduced in the bill, and almost everybody
knows that they are wasteful appropriations
that never reach the Indians to any consider-
able extent, and what little does reach them is
rather a damage than a benefit to them. I
wish, therefore, to instruct the committee not
to follow the bad precedents in this ease in
making these very large and useless expend-
itures of the public money.
Mr. KASSON. I agree with the gentleman
on the facts of mismanagement, but I do not
agree that these appropriations are unnecssary
or useless. I hope that the evil of the present
administration of Indian affairs may be cor-
rected. *
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would inquire of the
Chair whether, if the previous question is not
seconded, my motion will not be in order?
The SPEAKER. It will.
On seconding the previous question, there
were—ayes 25, noes 25 ; 110 quorum voting.
The Chair ordered tellers; and appointed
Messrs. Kasson and Scofield.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 53, noes 53.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the
affirmative; so the previous question is sec-
onded.
The main question was then ordered.
The question recurred 011 agreeing to the
amendments made by the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. KASSON. I wish to say, touching the
point made by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, that the amounts to which he refers are
bj' no means so largo as I gathered his impres-
sion to be from the statement he made a little
while ago. There are amounts not called for
by the treaties in the sense of being specially
stipulated, but they come under the head of
transportation, which cannot be accurately esti-
mated for the reason that the contracts are in
futuro. The amounts, therefore, can only be
determined when the contracts are made and
executed. But the transportation is a neces-
sary result of the treaties. It is neeessary to
give the goods to the Indians, and so it is with
the amounts coming under the head of insur-
ance. That covers all the amounts to which
I suppose the gentleman refers except those
relating to general and incidental expenses of
the Indian service, and those are customary
and as indispensable as they are customary,
although the amounts are necessaiily larger
than I wish they were.
The amount appiopriated by this bill is, in
round numbers, $2,550,000. I slated on a pre-
vious occasion that the amounts had grown
continuously and very largely with the success-
ive appropriations required for this service.
For example, in the year 1829 the appropria-
tions amounted, in round numbers, to $199,000;
in 1839 to §00,300. The bureau was trans-
ferred in 1849 from the War to the Interior
Department, which was then organized. The
appropriations for that year were a little short
of $1,000,000. In 1801, the year of the begin-
ning of thelate war of the rebellion, our Indian
appropriations were $1,822,000 ; in 1863 they
were about the same sum. In 180-1 the appro-
priations arose to over two millions ; in 1865 to
over two and a quarter millions.
Now, in regard to the appropriations for
1861, that is at the last session of the present
Congress, I desire to make a particular state-
ment. Preliminary to that statement I send
to the Clerk's desk, and ask to have read, a
statement made on that subject by the gentle-
man from Minnesota, [Mr, Wisdom.J the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs. The
extract is from the Daily Globe:
The Clerk read as follows :
" The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] and the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] both oppose this
bill and defend the amendment emanating from the
Military Committee on the ground of economy. On
that point I wish the attention of the Ilousefor a few
moments. The gentleman from Iowa says that when
we look at the fearful increase m the appropriations
for Indian affairs it is time that we should pause and
ascertain whether some remedy cannot ho found for
the extravagance of the present system. He says th at
the expenses have increased within afeiy years imiil
they now reach nearly four million dollars. Tho
fact, as stated by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
in a letter to the chairman of the Committee of Wavs
and Means, is that the appropriations in 18CS, instead
of being St,000.000. were $2.468.050 for the entire In-
dian service. This included all payments under
treaty stipulations and the providing for and taking
care of throe hundred tnous'and Indians. Mr.
Speaker, this is the alleged extravagance of the
Indian department."
Mr. KASSON. Now, sir, the point of fact
was made by the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs, [Mr. Windom,] that the
appropriations made in 1866 amounted only to
$2,468,050, and he says his statement is based
upon a communication from the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs to the Committee of Ways
and Means. I do not know what communica-
tion he refers to, and I should be glad if he
would state it to tho House.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to know of the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kassox] if he in-
tends I shall be compelled to answer him from
time to time as lie proceeds, or whether I shall
be allowed an opportunity to reply to him after
he concludes his argument. If I am ex-
pected to get up and be questioned and bo
limited as to time for my answer, then I pre-
fer not to answer at all. If I am to have time
hereafter to answer I will do so.
Mr. KASSON. I will not press the gentle-
man. He shall have more time from 1110 than
he gave me when lie closed the debate on the
bill transferring the Indian Bureau to the War
Department.
Mr. WINDOM. That means simply no time
at all, for ho asked me for no time at all, for I
had none to give him. But the gentleman had
already had twenty minutes or a half an hour ;
I do not remember how much it was. If the
gentleman proposes to show to this House that
I have made any incorrect statements, I demand
of the House the right to correct him. I have
tho document before me now ; I am willing to
give him the authority which I quoted 011 this
point, and on every point. But I am not will-
ing to be called up and examined and be re-
quired to answer "yes" or "no" without any
opportunity to answer fully. If he will give
me time to answer fully I will do so.
Upon this point now, I will state that I read
from a document dated December 31, 1866.
In the excitement of the debate the other day,
1 misquoted only in this particular: I stated
that it was a letter addressed to the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr.
Stevkns.] It was in fact, a letter addressed by
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to the Sec-
retary of the Interior; being suggested by a
letter addressed to the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs by the chairman of the Committee of
Wajrs and Means. That is the authority which
I read.
Mr. KASSON. I asked the gentleman for
his authority in good faith, because he called
in question the accuracy of a statement I had
made. I had only the desire to do him justice.
I do not want the gentleman to take the tioor
on a single occasion when he does not wish to
take it. I want him to take it when he thinks
it necessary to correct any statement he may
have made 011 a former occasion.
I state now distinctly that so far fiom the
statement I made being an overstatement, it
was an understatement of the amounts appro-
priated for the Indian service at the last session
of this Congress; and I will proceed to prove
it. I hold in my hand the regular hook of
estimates, containing also the appropriations
made by law at the last session of the present
Congress. The total amount appropriated
there in a single bill amounts to $3,780,172 82.
In addition to that I have to state that earlier
in the session, daring the first month of the
session, there was diverted by a joint resolution
