1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
1701
experiences of past Congresses, there might be
some force in tliem. When I came upon the
Committee on Printing as a new member and
was appointed its chairman, I never gave any
orders for any books for my committee, and yet
I found placed upon my desk an entire set of
new books, and I also found among the ar-
chives of the committee books that were amply
sufficient to have supplied the committee for
one, two, or three sessions. Now, there is noth-
ing in the resolution I have offered which will
interfere with the right of any committee to
order any books they may need. It certainly
was not intended to accomplish any such pur-
pose. But I do notdesire to discuss this subject
any further, and I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT OF THE TARIFF.
Mr. ALLEY. I again ask consent of the
House to offer a joint resolution which was
objected to this morning. The gentlemen who
objected, not understanding the case then, have
withdrawn their objections. I will say that it
meets the approbation of the Committee of
Ways and Means"; it is reported not only with
their consent, but with their desire. It is merely
to correct a defect in the tariff.
Mr. ROSS. Let the joint resolution be read,
and then I will state whether I object to it or
not.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
A joint resolution to amend section five of an act
entitled "An act to increase duties on imports, and
for other purposes," approved June 30,1864.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representative*
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the paragraph of section five of an act entitled
"An act to increase duties on imports and for other
purposes," approved June 30,1864, as follows, to wit:
' On lastmgs, mohair cloth, silk twist, or other man-
ufactured cloth, woven or made in patterns of such
size, shape, and form, or out in such manner as to be
fit for shoes, slippers, boots, bootees, gaiters, and but-
tons exclusively, not combined with India-rubber,
ten per cent, ad valorem," be, and thesame is hereby,
repealed.
Mr. BOSS. I guess that bill must go over.
Mr. ALLEY. If the House will hear me
for two minutes, I think there will be no
objection to this resolution.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
CANAL IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BIDWELL. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Public Lands
House bill No. 906, granting lands to aid in the
construction of a canal in the State of Cali-
fornia.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
Mr. BIDWELL. Let me make one word
of explanation. This bill has been agreed
upon in the Committee of Public Lands.
Mr. ROSS. I object. I insist upon the
regular order of business.
WILLIAM PIERCE.
Mr. LYNCH. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion, and call up the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the House laid upon the table
Senate bill No. 231, for the relief of William
Pierce. This is a bill providing for the issue
of duplicate bonds to the amount of $350, of
what are known as Oregon war bonds. These
bonds were sent by mail on board the steamer
Golden Gate from San Francisco to Panama,
in July, 1862. The steamer, with nearly all
the mails, was lost on the passage, and that
portion of the mails which was returned to the
post office in San Francisco did not contain
these bonds, as is certified to by the postmaster
of San Francisco. These bonds were coupon
bonds, and, as appears by the letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury, neither the bonds
nor the coupons had been presented for
redemption at the Treasury up to February
26, 1866, the date of the letter, nearly four
years after the loss. An accurate description
of the bonds, with their numbers, accompanies
the petition. Upon the proof submitted to the
Committee on Claims of the Senate this bill
was passed by that body.
Mr. Speaker, unless there is a rule of the
Committee of Claims of this House which pre-
cludes them from reporting any bill contem-
plating the issue of duplicate bonds, I do not
understand why they have reported against this
bill. The proof in this case is as strong as it
could be in any case. There is no doubt that
the bonds were mailed. The bill provides that
a satisfactory bond of indemnity shall be given
by the party to whom the duplicate bonds are
to be issued, and who is responsible for a hun-
dred times the amount of the bonds.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, this bill was reported upon adversely
by the Committee of Claims, and the commit-
tee were unanimous in that report.
Now, sir, in reference to bills proposing the
issue of duplicate coupon bonds, some fault
has been found with the committee by mem-
bers of this House because in some instances
the committee have reported in favor of claims
where money and bonds were lost, while in
other cases they have reported adversely. But
I confess I am surprised that any member
understanding the facts of this case should
hesitate for one moment to approve the action
of the committee upon it.
I can state in a few words the facts of the
case. The allegation of the party asking a
duplication of these bonds is that he took some
coupon bonds of the State of Oregon—Oregon
war bonds, as they are called—to the amourtt
of $350, and deposited them in the mail, to be
sent to his brother in the State of Maine. The
only evidence that those bonds were ever de-
posited in the mail is the testimony of this
individual himself; so that the case depends
upon his testimony alone.
Mr. BLAINE. I rise to a point of order:
I ask whether a motion to reconsider the vote
by which a bill has been laid on the table is
debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, if any gentleman
objects.
Mr. BLAINE. Well, sir, I do not like to
appear ill-natured, but at this period of the
session time is very precious, and as, by the
rules, this motion is not debatable, I think I
must insist upon the point of order.
The SPEAKER. As members were explain-
ing the bill the Chair did not feel it to be his
duty to check debate until some member should
raise the point of order; but as the point of
order has now been raised the Chair must sus-
tain it. A motion to reconsider a vote laying
a bill on the table is not debatable, as the
original motion is not debatable.
The motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE. I call for the regular order.
The House resumed the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table.
NATHAN SARGENT DUSTIN.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 470) entitled "An act to
authorize the change of a name; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. BALDWIN. This is a bill to which no
one can object, and I hope that it will now be
put on its passage.
The bill, which was read, provides that Na-
than Sargent Dnstin be authorized to change
his name by dropping therefrom the word
" Dustinthe act to take effect from January
1, 1867.
The bill was ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BALDWIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOWARD UNIVERSITY OF THE DISTRICT.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 529, to incorporate the
Howard University of the District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time.
er
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the bill be
put on its passage.
The bill was read in extenso.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PHARMACEUTICAL ASSOCIATION.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 175, to incorporate the
Pharmaceutical Association of the District of
Columbia; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. ROSS moved that it be referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.'
The motion was agreed to.
TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 493, supplemental to an
act to establish the Treasury Department,
approved the 2d of September, 1789; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury shall have power, by an appointment
under his hand and official seal, to delegate to
one of the Assistant Secretaries of the Treasury
authority to sign in his stead all warrants for
the payment of money into the public Treasury,
and all warrants for the disbursement from the
public Treasury of money certified by the prop*
accounting officers of the Treasury to be dv
upon accounts duly audited and settled by them ;
and such warrants so signed shall be in all cases
of the same validity as if they had been signed
by the Secretary of the Treasury himself.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the bill be put
on its passage.
The bill was ordered to (I third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEMPSEY REECE.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate joint resolution No. 160, for the relief
of Dempsey Reece, of Indiana; which was read
a first and second time.
The joint resolution provides that the Post-
master General be required to receive proposals
for carrying the United States mail on route
No. 12008, between Newcastle and Mechanics-
burg, in the State of Indiana ; and when such
bid shall be accepted, Dempsey Reece, the
present contractor, shall be discharged from
any further performance of his contract; and
that the joint resolution shall take effect and
be in force from and after its passage.
Mr. ROSS. I would like to know what this
joint resolution is for?
Mr. FARQUHAR. It is to relieve a con-
tractor on a small mail route in the State of
Indiana, where the party instructed the post-
master to make his bid, directing it to be made
at $500, but the postmaster made it at $200.
The evidence amply proves this fact, and the
joint resolution only provides for releasing the
contractor on the reletting of the contract.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. FARQUHAR moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AGENCIES OF INSURANCE COMPANIES.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 477, to amend an act en-
titled " An act to continue, alter, and amend
the charter of the city of Washington," ap-
proved May 17, 1848; which was read a first
and second time.
