1026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
approved December 21, 1865, the sum of
$500,000 more from another fund, for the
benefit of the Indians in the southern superin-
tendency.
I have also to say that there were some
items in the sundry civil expenses bill which
amounted to $414,000. There was also an
appropriation for replacing lost goods amount-
ing to over thirty-nine thousand dollars. There
■was also appropriated for the Wyandotte and
Winnebago Indians over four thousand dol-
lars. _ There was also for surveying Indian res-
ervations under the provisions of Indian trea-
ties $50,000. There were also sundry items
in the deficiency bill amounting to $35,000;
and then for the Indian tribes of the Upper
Missouri and Upper Platte over one hundred
and twenty-one thousand dollars, making in
all $4,945,597 09 appropriated for the Indian
service at the last session of Congress, fall-
ing short by only a few thousand dollars of
$5,000,000.
Hence, when I stated to the House that the
amount reached $4,000,000, I was not accu-
rate in the figures, but it was a want of accu-
racy below the magnitude of the amount. I
did not get it large enough. When the gen-
tleman called mo to account for the inaccuracy
of that statement it was not only due to my-
self but due to the House that I should ascer-
tain whether or not I was correct in my state-
ment; and these investigations have been made
for the purpose of ascertaining the amount as
accurately as possible. I believe there are a
few items still omitted from the aggregate which
I have now submitted to the House.
Mr. WINDOM. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. KASSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not rise, Mr. Speaker,
as the gentleman very kindly intimated 1
might, for the purpose of correcting anything
I said the other day, for what I then said was
correct as I stated it. But I rise for the pur-
pose of giving him my authority. If that au-
thority was not correct, it is not my fault. 1
stated what it was at the time. And, by the
way, the gentleman now states the amount
from estimates. Whether the committee on
which he acts always report bills for the entire
amount estimated I do not know.
Mr. KASSON. I do not state the amount
from the estimates, but from the law as passed,
which is contained in the book of estimates.
Mr. W INDOM. The authority from which
I quoted the other day states:
" Taking the appropriations of 1SG6 as a general
basis i'or the estimate, the following figures under
the three hoads last mentioned will be nearly cor-
rect:
Fulfillment, of treaties $1,980,000
Salaries of superintendents, agents, and
m clerks  101,450
Transportation and insurance  127,308
Interpreters, rcpaiis of buildings, &c„ and
various contingencies  91,TOO
Interest on trust funds  187,532
$2,468,050
This is the aggregate as I stated it the other
day. If there is an error it is an error on the
part of the Department, not on my part. I
quoted my authority at the time.
Mr. KASSON. It will be observed, Mr.
Speaker, that I made no charge of willful mis-
statement against the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs. I never make such a
charge against any member of this House.
The House will bear me testimony that I am
thoroughly exempt from any such indecorum.
But I do say that the gentleman, before he
called in question my statement, should have
examined the authority upon which he made
the denial; because if there be one thing in
which 1 take pride in connection with my action
in this House it is the fact that never is a state-
ment nnxle by me calculated to mislead the
House. It is especially my duty, as well as my
pleasure, to manifest this characteristic when
I represent the Committee on Appropriations.
I have taken pains to exhibit this matter cor-
rectly ; and I am very glad that I am able to
do so, for it at least shows that if the state-
ment of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs is
now accurately presented to the House, then
that bureau itself misstates an important fact
having a bearing upon the action already t^ken
by the House, manifesting its distrust in the
administration of that bureau.
Now, let me say, touching the present head
of the Indian Bureau, Colonel Bogy, that I
have no imputation to make upon him from
any facts which have come to my knowledge.
I have always found that the French Creoles,
from their acquaintance with the disposition
and habits of the Indians, are peculiarly well
qualified to manage them successfully. I have
no quarrel with any officer of the Interior De-
partment. I wish it understood that every
argument I have advanced in this House has
been based on my conviction that the public
interest requires the change of jurisdiction
which I have advocated, a change in the ad-
ministrative system, in order to secure greater
integrity and efficiency, and to get rid of the
double-headed system which has brought so
many evils on the country.
Why, sir, the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs gave the House to understand
that this cry about outrages committed by the
Indians and their massacres is all a mere mat-
ter of alarm. So far from it, all the papers
that I have taken up for a week past from the
West, and especially the Chicago papers, which
colleen all the news from the Territories, are
filled witTi accounts of Indian outrages and
massacres, and of the aggregation of various
tribes for the purpose of a general war. We
ean do nothing without troops there. When
war comes we. must have troops, and then the
expenses spoken of by the gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Windom] occur. It is in
this manner that those military expenses have
grown up.
The gentleman from Minnesota ridicules the
idea of intrusting the affairs of the Indian
Bureau to the War Department, and he stated
yesterday that the Indians on the Bosque lle-
dondo reservation had cost $1,500,000 for one
year. If I misunderstood him 1 ask him to cor-
rect me now.
Mr. WINDOM. The gentleman did not
misunderstand mo, and if he wants my author-
ity for the statement I will give it to him.
Mr. KASSON. I do not, and I shall now
proceed to give what authority I have for stat-
ing that the gentleman is greatly in error in
that statement. I find in the report made by
the joint special committee which went over
the plains to examine into Indian affairs this
statement :
Okfice Commissary General op Sdrsistonce,
Washington City, December 28,1865,
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
ot your communication of tho 23d instant, and in
reply respectfully inform you that the expense of
subsisting the Navajocs and Apaches at Bosque Re-
dondo reservation from March 1,1864, to October 1,
1865, (eighteen months,) was about SI,114,981 70.
1 have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, A. E. SHIRAS,
Assistant Commissary General Subsistence.
Hon. J. It. Doolittle, Chairman of joint Committee
to Investigate Indian Affairs, United States Senate.
That shows that for a period of a year and a
half, so far from the expenditure being at the
rate of $1,500,000 a year, the expenditure for
the whole of eighteen months was, in round
numbers, only $1,100,000 for the subsistence of
the I ndians on the Bosque Redondo reservation.
Sir, these Navajoes Indians had for years
and years, not the present generation alone,
but the generation before them, been making
war continually on the whites. In order to
stop it the general in command of that mili-
tary department employed a very good assist-
ant, who knew the habits of these Indians.
They occupied fastnesses in the canons, where
they could not be successfully pursued. There
are no more inaccessible fastnesses in New
Mexico than those wliich these bands occu-
pied. The general called to his aid Kit Car-
son, and through his genius and tact, aided
by the troops, they have been able to collect
from time to time about nine thousand men,
women, and children of this tribe and remov-
ing them to the Bosque Redondo reservation.
They have been collecting them for the past
two or three years. They have made these
Indians work upon the reservation. They
have irrigated it by digging ditches and canals
through it. They have got it under cultiva-
tion to a considerable extent. All these ex-
penses have been extraordinary; but at last
they have got them to a point now where they
think they can be safely turned over to the
civil management, instead-of guarding them by
a large number of troops, compelling them to
work, and keeping them from committing out-
rages as they have done hitherto. Conse-
quently this year the appropriation is only for
$100,000.
I make this statement not only to correct
errors in previous statements made on this
floor, but also to answer the question put to
me yesterday by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Scofield.]
Now, sir, so much for the Bosque Redondo
business; so much for the thousands of In-
dians taken captive in war with great difficulty
and brought to a condition of semi-civilization
by the military.
Mr. WINDOil. Will the gentleman yield
to me now, or when he gets through?
Mr. KASSON. Now, sir.
Mr. WINDOM. The gentleman quotes a
letter of General Shiras, assistant commis-
sary general, making a certain statement of
the amount-expended to subsist these Indians
for eighteen months. The gentleman's error
arises from the fact that the commissary de-
partment does not estimate anything for trans-
portation. According to the authority which
I read tho other day, and now hold in my hand,
the amount for transportation was greater than
the amount for subsistence. I read from the
report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
dated May i, 1866 :
"The report of General Carleton shows that the cost
of subsistence furnished in 1865, after deducting prod-
uce raised on the reservation, (valued at $73,246 93,)
was $694,226 27. The cost of transporting this I have
been unable to ascertain; but as military supplies for
New Mexico are purchased in St. Louis and taken
by land, the land transportation from Leavenworth
alone would amount (allowing two pounds per day to
each person subsisted) to about 8800,000. Takinginto
consideration the cost of transportation from St.
Louis to Leavenworth, the cost of cartage and other
incidental expenses, the cost of subsisting these In-
dians during the year 1865 could not have been les3
than SI,500,000. General Eaton estimates that the
cost of subsistence during the current fiscal year will
bo$038,848 73. This, of course, doesnotinclude trans-
portation, and is based upon the supposition that the
number of Indians to be subsisted will bo six thou-
sand. The average numbor subsisted during the last
calendar year, as reported by General Carloton, was
seven thousand nine hundred and nine. General
Eaton gives no reason for supposing that this num-
ber will be reduced to six thousand, but says it i3
probable."
I will call the gentleman's attention to a dis-
crepancy between himself and one of his mili-
tary authorities. He estimates the Indians at
nine thousand and General Eaton at six thou-
sand. As I have shown by this report it
has cost about one million five hundred thou-
sand dollars for their support, including trans-
portation. I submit the question of authority
to the House. The gentleman has simply made
a statement showing the subsistence, and omit-
ting, as I understand it, transportation, which
is the larger sum of the two.
Now, as to one other statement, I am in-
formed by the Superintendent of Indian Affairs
of New Mexico, he has an offer from respon-
sible persons in that Territory, to feed those
Indians at twenty to twenty-two cents per head,
while it has cost the War Department twenty-
nine and one half cents per head; and that
this could have been done at any time.
Furthermore, I wish to call the gentleman's
attention to the peonage at this reservation. I
have authority in this document for statingthat
by order of the commanding officer, these In-
dians were to be returned to .their "masters,"
and this after the constitutional amendment
abolishing slavery had been adopted.
Mr. KASSON. 1 decline to yield further.
Mr. WINDOM. This is a question of the
slavery of these Indians;
