tm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
March 1,
The bill provides that the second section of
the act to continue, alter, andamend the charter
of the city of Washington, approved May 17,
1848, shall be so amended as to read, "To
license, tax, and regulate agencies of all kinds
of insurance companies: Provided, That the
tax or license shall not exceed one per cent,
upon the cash premiums received and that
all acts and parts of acts inconsistent with this
act be repealed.
Mr. WELKER. I am instructed by the
Committee for the District of Columbia to
move the following amendment:
Insert after section one the following:
Provided, further, That each company deposits®#*)
in United States bonds with the bank of Washington,
as a guarantee that the one per cent, shall be
to the corporation of Washington upon the cash
premiums received semi-annually, the depositor to
draw interest upon said bonds and to receive them
back when *U arrears ar$ paid and th© company
desires to close business.
Mr. ROSS. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
Provided further. That hereafter no license shall
be granted for the sale of ardent spirits. [Laughter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a question of
order. I submit that that amendment is not
germane to this bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The amendment to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois is not
germane to the bill, which relates to the tax on
insurance companies.
The amendment was then agreed to.
The bill was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time, ana
passed.
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and also
tnoved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
STREET RAILWAYS IN THE DISTRICT.
The next business in order on the Sneaker's
table was Senate bill No. 570, extending the
time for the completion of certain street rail-
ways ; which was read a first and second time.
The bill provides that section seventeen of
the act to incorporate the Metropolitan Rail-
road Company in the District Columbia, ap-
proved July 1,1864, shall be further amended
so as to extend the time for the completion of
their railroad lines, except that part thereof
between Seventeenth street and the Capitol,
for three years from the 1st day of January,
1866.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I offer the following as
an additional section to the bill:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the said
Metropolitan Railroad Company be, and is hereby,
authorized to occupy and use, for the conveyance of
passengers, such portions of the railway of the W ash-
mgton and Georgetown Railroad Company, and upon
such terms as maybe mutually agreed upon between
the said companies: and in pursuance of such agree-
ment the trips made by the cars of the Metropolitan
Railroad Company shall be deemed to bo in lieu of
a.u equal number of trips required of the W as hington
and Georgetown Railroad Company under its charter:
Provided, That this section shall not be constrned as
conferring any right or franchise whatever upon said
Metropolitan Railroad Company, except upon the
full consent and agreement of said Washington and
Georgetown Railroad Company.
Amend the titlo by substituting therefor "An act
relating to certain street railways in the District of
Columbia."
Mr. ALLISON. I would like to have some
explanation of that provision from the gentle-
man who offers it. It seems to me to be a very
important provision to be thrust in here at this
late hour of the session.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will explain in a few
words the object of the amendment which I
offer. The corporation known as the Metro-
politan Railroad Company now has authority
to run its cars from Seventeenth street up here
by the north side of the Capitol. If this
amendment should be adopted, it will author-
ize the two companies, the Washington  nd
Georgetown Company and the Metropolitan
Railroad Company, to make a contract whereby
the Metropolitan Railroad Company may ex-
tend their road by switches, so as to connect
with the Washington and Georgetown Railroad,
and make through trips on the road of the
Washington and Georgetown Railroad Com-
pany. But, in order to protect the rights of the
Washington and Georgetown Railroad Com-
pany, there is a proviso to the amendment that
there shall be no right conferred on the rail-
road company known as the F Street Com-
pany except by the consent and mutual agree-
ment of the two companies, and upon such
terms as the Washington and Georgetown Rail-
road Company may see fit to agree to.
I cannot see any objection to the amend-
ment. It leaves it entirely at the will of the
two companies as a matter of contract.
Mr. ALLISON. If I understand the amend-
ment correctly from the reading of it, it
releases the Washington and Georgetown Rail-
road Company from the necessity of making
certain trips which they are now required by
law to make. Am I mistaken in that ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Allow me to say that
the trips to be made under the provisions of
this amendment by the Metropolitan Railroad
Company are to be made, if such is the agree-
ment with the Washington and Georgetown
Railroad Company, in lieu of trips which are
now imposed by law on the Washington and
Georgetown Railrdad Company. It will be a
matter of contract, and this provision will only
allow the new company to do the service
instead of the old company.
Mr. DARLING. The Washington and
Georgetown Railroad Company have not asked
for this, and do not want it. It is an invasion
of their franchise, and, in my judgment, will
ultimately lead to a fraud upon the people of
this District by attempting to collect on the
cars of the Metropolitan Railroad Company,
and under their charter, fares which cannot
be collected from the people under the char-
ter of the Washington and Georgetown Rail-
road Company. They are limited to six cents
as the fare at which they mugt carry passen-
gers from Georgetown to the navy-yard. The
Metropolitan Company are entitled to charge,
seven cents; and if this provision shall be
adopted, and if by any arrangement they can
connect their track -with that of the Washing-
ton and Georgetown Railroad Company and
run their cars over its track to the navy-yard
or, at the other end, to Georgetown, they can
exact from every passenger the sum of seven
cents.
Now, the Washington and Georgetown Rail-
road Company do not ask this and do not want
it. They are ready and willing to fulfill all
their obligations to the people of the District
under the charter which tney have obtained
from Congress.
Mr. MAYNARD. This proposition was
submitted to me the other day. I had no con-
ference in regard to it with the chairman of the
Committee for the District of Columbia, [Mr.
Ingersoll,] but I conferred with the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Darling,] who has
just spoken, and who is personally very largely
interested in the Washington and Georgetown
Railroad Company, as I understand, and he
said then, as he says now, that he was opposed
to this legislation. It seems to me, without
stopping to inquire into any reasons, that,
taking into consideration the mere fact that it
is legislation not desired by, but distasteful to
that company, we ought not to engage in it.
I promised the gentleman from New York on
that occasion, as one of the members of the
committee, that no such legislation should be
attempted by me, and that if brought up it
would receive my opposition in the House.
I am satisfied from the examination we have
made of the affairs of these companies during
this winter that we ought not to engage in any
legislation which, in the opinion of the Wash-
ington and Georgetown Railroad Company, is
derogatory to their rights and interests.
I hope this amendment will not be pressed
by my friend and colleague on the Committee
for the District of Columbia from Illinois.
We have had no examination of this provision
before our committee; we have had no dis-
cussion upon it here ; and I hope the bill will
be permitted to pass in its present shape, as
there is no objection to it, and the next Con-
gress can legislate on the subject if anything
of this kind shall be agreed to by the two com-
panies.
Mr. DARLING. There is no possible ob-
jection to extending the time for the construc-
tion of this road ad infinitum.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope my friend from
Illinois will consent to let his amendment lie
over until the next Congress, and let the bill
pass in its present shape.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have heard from no
quarter whatever, except from the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Darling,] to-night, any
objection to the passage of this bill with this
amendment attached to it. I cannot imagine
how it can be detrimental to the interests of
the Washington and Georgetown Railroad
Company, for there can be no right exercised
under the amendment exeept by the consent
of that company. I do not desire to infringe
upon their rights, but if this is an infringement
in any sense of the word they have only to
object to it.
Mr. ALLISON. Will not the effect of this
provision be a consolidation sooner or later
6f these two railroad companies, making them
one corporation ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, that is more than
I can answer. This bill does no such thing.
I cannot say what some future bill may do.
Mr. ALLISON. I mean under the provis-
ions of this bill.
Mr, INGERSOLL. I think not. Under
the provisions of this bill there could be no
consolidation of the two companies.
Mr. DARLING. It will relieve the Metro-
politan Railroad Copjpany from the conditions
of their charter, and enable them to make trips
between Georgetown and the navy-yard by
passing over the tracks of the Washington and
Georgetown Railroad Company on that part
of the route over which their own road is not
constructed, if they can get leave to do it.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forhkt,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendment of the
House to Senate bill No. 534, to provide for
the allotment of the members of the Supreme
Court among the circuits, and for the appoint-
ment of a marshal for the Supreme Court.
STREET RAILWAYS IN THE DISTRICT AGAIN.
Mr, INGERSOLL. I entertain the highest
respect for the opinions, not only of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Darling,] but
of my distinguished colleague from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Maynard.] I would be glad if I
could feel at liberty to withdraw this amend-
ment and allow this bill to pass as it comes to
us from the Senate. But I prefer that the House
shall take the responsibility of disposing of my
amendment rather than to withdraw it.
Mr. DARLING. I am opposed to this
amendment on any ground. When Congress
gives a franchise to a corporation I hold that
that corporation should be held to a strict
accountability in all the respects contained in
their charter, and that they should be required
faithfully te carry out all those provisions.
The Georgetown and Alexandria Railroad Com-
pany was the pioneer enterprise in this city,
and it was built for the accommodation of the
people of this city by capital brought here from
other cities. It was built within six months,
comprising eighteen miles of track, because the
charter of the company required that to be
done, and the road has been run ever since
faithfully in conformity with the provisions of
its charter. The Metropolitan Railroad Com-
pany has had its time for building its road ex-
tended from time to time, and it now comes
here and asks for a still further extension of
time. There is no objection to that, because
its completion is not necessary to the conven-
ience and wants of the people of the District.
