262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3,
calculated to diminish production and stimu-
late speculation, which symptoms have been
the twin precursors of all our commercial
crises arid eras of bankruptcy. Under his fatal
policy—
"The native hue of resolution
Is sicklied o'er with the Palo castof thought;
And enterprises of great pith and moment.
With this regard, their currents turn awry,
And lose the name of action."
The sagacious, but prudent owners of those
deposits grieve that the money with which they
would gladly open coal-mines and ore banks and
build forges and furnaces and factories and im-
port skilled laborers from Europe to increase
anddiversify our productions, enlarge our home
market, and swell the revenues of the Govern-
ment, lies dead and profitless to them. They
justly charge their loss and that of the coun-
try to Mr. McCulloch, who, from his Fort
Wayne speech forward, has iost no opportu-
nity, official or unofficial, to warn the energetic
men of the country against embarking in any
new enterprises or accumulating any consid-
erable stock of goods, or otherwise enlarging
their arrangements for the future; and who, in
his last utterance—the report which I am con-
sidering—notifies them of the near approach
of the fatal collapse by assuring them that
though the banks are without specie, the bal-
ance of trade is vastly against us and the Treas-
ury has nearly one billion dollars of temporary
loan to provide for, he is "confident that specie
payments may be resumed by the time our in-
terest-bearing notes are retired, which must be
done in less than two years, and probably will
be in a much shorter period."
_ What the effect of an effort at early resump-
tion under such circumstances would be every
experienced business man in the country
knows. They know that it ean by any possi-
bility be but a spasmodic movement, which
will literally vomit forth from the country the
little gold and silver left in it. They know
that it will bankrupt individuals, corporations,
States, and, alas, it may be, the national Gov-
ernment itself. The avowed object of the Sec-
retary in contracting the currency is to increase
the purchasing powef of money; and they
know that the rapid decline in prices pending
this mad experiment will sweep away the gar-
nered capital of those manufacturers whose
stock largely exceeds their working capital,
exclusive of buildings and machinery, that
mechanical and manufacturing production
must be wholly suspended till the blighting
tornado shall have spent its power, and that
while it rages the receipts of the Internal Rev-
enue Bureau must.fall to zero.
But, sir, if by thus returning to the wretched-
ness of 1857 and 1837 we could resume specie
payments, how long could we maintain them?
The Secretary tells us that $350,000,000 of our
bonds are held abroad. The average rate at
which they were bought, when gold for long
periods was above two hundred per cent., was
less.than fifty cents on the dollar, nor was
that small amount paid in specie; for he also
telis us that—
"The opinion that the country has been benefited
by the exportation of its securities is founded upon
the supposition that we have received real capital in
exchange for them. This supposition is to a large
extent unfounded. Our bond3 have gone abroad to
pay for goods which without them might not have
been purchased. Not only have we exported the
surplus products of our mines and our fields, with no
smailamountofourmanufaetures.butalargeamount
of securities also, to pay for the articlcswhich we have
purchased from other countries. That these pur-
chases have been stimulated and increased by the
facility of paying for them in bonds can hardly be
doubted. Our importations of goods hlfvo been
increased by nearly the amount of the bonds which
have been exported. Not one dollar in five of the
amountofthefive-twenties now held in England and
upon the Continent has been returned to the United
States in the form of real capital. But if this were
not a true statement of the ease, the fact exists, as
has been already stated, that some three hundred
and fifty millions of Government bonds—not to men-
tion State and railroad bonds and other securities-
are in the hands of the citizens of other countries,
which may be returned at any time for sale in the
Unitod States, and which being so held may seriously
embarrass our efforts to return to specie payments."
Thus by Mr. McCulloch's own statement it
appears that our bonds were bought at half
their nominal value and paid for in commercial
products which should have been created by
our own industry from our own raw material
by setting 1' our unemployed and poor people
atwork on thegrowthof our own lands' and,
if we may believe the Secretary's statement to
which I have referred, a large portion of which
commodities were brought into the country in
fraud of our revenue laws by '' undervaluations
and smuggling." For what purpose, let me
ask, were those bonds bought by their foreign
holders? How long will they be held? When
and under what contingencies are they likely
to be returned to this country? And a more
pregnant question still: what effect would be
produced by the early return to specie pay-
ments threatened by the Secretary of the
Treasury?
That I may do Mr. McCulloch no injustice,
I answer these momentous questions in the
language of his report:
"A large portion of these bonds have been bought
on speculation, and will be likely to be returned
whenever financial troubles in theeountriesin which
they are held shall make it necessary for the holders
to realize upon them, or whenever satisfactory prof-
its can be made by returning them, which will be
when they nearly approach their par value in coin."
Here at least he is right. Those bonds, hav-
ing been bonght at half the value expressed on
their face, will be returned " when they nearly
approach their par value in coin," and that
will be when we resume specie payments. But
as Mr. McCulloch has failed to pursue this
operation to its inevitable result, the committee
will pardon me for attempting the duty, though
in doing so I may deepen the shades in the mel-
ancholy picture of our future which I have
presented.
When those foreigners who bought ourbonds
on speculation perceive that by returning them
they can convert them into gold and double
their investment they will assuredly avail
themselves of the literally golden opportunity.
Questions as to how they can reinvest the pro-
ceeds advantageously need not deter them.
They know how limited our stock of specie is,
how heavy the balance of trade is against us,
and consequently that by selling their bonds
in our markets they would compel us to sus-
pend specie payments again. Nor are they
strangers to the fact that during that suspension
they would be able to repurchase their bonds
for half the gold received for them. Thus the
experiment of the Secretary would inevitably
terminate in the impoverishment of the citizen
and the disgrace of the country by a renewed
and more protracted suspension of specie pay-
ments.
Mr. Chairman, neither the Secretary of the
Treasury nor Congress know whether our
currency is in excess of the amount required
by legitimate and healthful trade, or if it be,
how long it will remain so if undisturbed by
legislation. Nor can wo settle these points by
an appeal to experience, for many of our con-
ditions are novel. That would be a curious
and instructive calculation which would show
the country the precise demand for currency
created by the operation of the Bureau of Inter-
nal Revenue, or by the enlargement of the Army
andNavyand clerical forceof the Government.
Under the discipline of Providence the south-
ern people will, before many years glide away,
consent to permit their fields to be tilled, their
mines to be worked, and their cities to be re--
built and expanded; and who can tell the
amount of currency that will then be required
by the four million enfranchised slaves and the
two million poor whites, who did not in the
past, but are henceforth to earn wages and buy
and sell commodities, or for handling the crops
and mineral productions of the South? Since
we last adjourned the iron horse has crossed
Nebraska on one of the routes to the Pacific,
and his snort has been heard in the neighbor-
hood of Fort Riley on another; and during
the last year three hundred thousand indus-
trious people, who had been fed and clothed
through unproductive childhood at the cost of
other nations, came and cast their lot among
us to till our fields, smelt our ores, work our
metals, and manage our spindles and looms;
and I cannot guess what amount of currency
these energetic people and the westward-march-
ing column of our civilization will require.
But, sir, of one thing I am certain, and it is
that had the Secretary of the Treasury not de-
stroyed all sense of security in the future, the
demand for currency to purchase, especially
in the South, mineral and other lands and de-
velop their productive power would have pre-.
vented the accumulation of the immense de-
posits which now lie paralyzed in bank or are
loaned on call to speculators in the*necessaries
of life. We unsettled values and made or scat-
tered fortunes by the rapid expansion of the
currency; and the people implore us to avoid
another violent change fraught with like con-
sequences, and to stay the work of contraction
till we shall have ascertained, at least proxi-
mately, the amount of currency required by
healthy and legitimate trade.
Mr. Chairman, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is not a philosopher—
"A primrose by a river's brim
A yellow primrose is to him;"
And the thing that has been is, in ms belief, the
thing that shall be forever. Neither his ex-
perience as an " Injeany'' banker nor his official
connection with the Government has disclosed
to him the real relation of currency in detail
or in volume to the business of a community.
Throughout his report he assumes that the
currency is redundant, and ascribes to fts
alleged redundancy consequences which are
directly attributable to another cause but re-
motely connected with the question of the
amount of currency. I refer to the prevailing
and traditional vice in our banking system,
that of building credits upon credit, of banking
on deposits, or lending money by a bank to
one man because it owes a like amount to
another who has intrusted his funds to it for
safe-keeping and convenience. To this vice
in our banking system, which Mr. McCulloch
has done much to aggravate by leaving stupend-
ous balances of the public funds in favored
banks, is to be ascribed nearly all the evils he
mistakenly attributes to a •' redundant legal-
tender currency." If the corporations and
private bankers of the country were prohibited
from lending on call the deposits intrusted to
them or using them in discounting paper, the
doubling of the volume of currency would not
produce a material advance in the price of
commodities in general. This vice in our bank-
ing system, this banking on deposits or lending
that which the banks owe, and to calls for the
payment of which they are constantly liable,
aggravates from four hundred to one thousand
fold every m odification of our currency, whether
it be by contraction or expansion.
Neither the price of gold nor of other com-
modities is regulated nor m'aterially influenced
by the amount of currency; nor is the differ-
ence between gold and our currency evidence
that the latter is inflated. If the Secretary
controverts these propositions, I will remind
him that gold commanded a premium of 185 in
1864, and ask him to let us know how much he
had contracted the currency before it went
down to 25, as it did in June, 18o5 ; and again,
how much he expanded the currency to put
the premium on gold up again to 50, at about
which figure it stood so long before dropping
to 29 and ascending again to its present price.
During all these fluctuations the volume of
currency was not essentially modified. What
a commentary these facts are upon the theories
of the Secretary and his costly but vaunted
attempts " to keep the business of the country
as steady as possible." On this pcint he says:
"Hehas regarded asteady market as of more im-'
portanee to the people of the country than the sav-
ing of a few million dollars in the way of interest."
And elsewhere, that—
"The Secretary has also deemed it to be his duty
to use such means within his control as were, in his
judgment, best calculated to keep the basiness of the
country as steady as possible, while conducted t-n-tho
uncertain basis of an irredeemable currency.^ To
accomplish this he has thought it neeessary to no Id
a handsome reserve of coin in the Treasury."
But, sir, assuming that the volume of eun ettey
