1704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
ter. It will be remembered in the Committee
of the Whole the other day this appropriation
was put into this bill, and I then stated to the
House the report from the Secretary of War
and the chief of Ordnance had come in so
late that the Committee on Appropriations did
not have time to examine it. W e have received
recommendations from the proper Departments
saying it was necessary that the Government
should have communication between the main
land and the property belonging to it on Rock
Island. That committee put the appropriation
into the bill, but when it came to be considered
in the House, under the operation of the pre-
vious 'question it was stricken out. The bill
went to the Senate in that shape. When there
the chief of Ordnance and the Secretary of
War did write these letters explaining why the
appropriation should be made, asking and urg-
ing that it should be done, and the Senate in
accordance with the recommendation of these
officers placed that appropriation in the bill.
Now, I want to say to gentlemen of the
House that the only effect of this thing is to
put a bridge across the Mississippi so as to en-
able the Government to use the property that
it now owns, and for which it has paid several
hundred thousand dollars, to advantage. And
in addition to that, the bridge built in accord-
ance with the law passed at the last session
will have to be paid for in part by the railroad
company. Now, when gentlemen consider
that the railroad company have already a
bridge there, and need not add one dollar to
the expense, so far as they are concerned, if it
is allowed to remain there, but that this ar-
rangement compels them to take that bridge
away, and thereby remove an obstacle in the
Mississippi river, which was the object of the
law in part, and compels the railroad company
to pay for one half of the cost of the bridge,
which would otherwise have to be paid for in
whole by the Government, I think there can
be no doubt of the propriety of this measure.
If this bridge was not needed by the Govern-
ment for its own use the Secretary of War and
the chief of Ordnance would not have recom-
mended it. It is so plain a case that any gen-
tleman acquainted with the fact need not hesi-
tate for a moment hgw to vote in regard to it.
Mr. MORRIS. Fwould be pleased to have
the gentleman explain under what circum-
stances the Government located this arsenal
without providing any practical means of ac-
cess to it.
Mr. PRICE. I thank the gentleman for his
question, because it gives me an opportunity to
gay what otherwise I might have forgotten.
The Government owns all that island, and there
is no other place in the Northwest so well cal-
culated for an army and arsenal as that. Now,
as the island belongs to the Government and
therefore costs nothing, is it not worth while
to pay the expense of a roadway to it so as to
be able to use it to advantage ?
Mr. SLOAN. Is there not already a bridge
there which the Government can use?
Mr. PRICE. I have tried to make the House
understand that the bridge belongs to the rail-
road company, and is an obstruction to the nav-
igation of the Mississippi, and that under the
law of the last session the company are com-
pelled to remove it; and now we compel the
company to build a part of the new bridge.
The present bridge is of no kind of use to the
Government, because there is no wagon-road
over it. The law passed last session provides
that there shall be a wagon-road from the main
land to the island to enable the Government
to get to its property, and it compels the rail-
road company to pay part of the expense.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield three minutes to
the gentleman from New York.
Mr. DAVIS. I believe I know something
about the location of this bridge, and some-
thing about the necessity of the Government in-
curring this appropriation. The present bridge,
built by the Rock Island Railroad Company,
is at a point in the river situated, in regard to
the channel, as to prevent its being used per-
manently for a bridge. Since its construction
the United States Government has appropri-
ated money for an armory and arsenal, and
now it is nccessary for the Government to have
communication from the Iowa shore to the
island. At that point it is convenient and
proper that a bridge should be built. It may
be built in connection with the Rock Island
railroad, crossing the river from the island to
the western shore; and if the Government con-
tributes $250,000 for that purpose it will be
the most economical arrangement which can
be made, both for the Government and the
company. It will, moreover, accommodate
the commerce of the Mississippi; because at
that point a bridge may be constructed for
railroad purposes far more convenient for nav-
igation than at any other point within ten miles
of that spot. Therefore I submit that, inas-
much as communication cannot be made be-
tween the Iowa shore and the island on which
the armory is situated at a less cost than
$250,000, it is right, proper, and just that the
Government should contribute toward the erec-
tion of a railroad bridge from that shore to
Rock Island.
Mr. SLOAN. I simply desire to state that
I am informed that the present bridge would
answer every purpose except that it has been
built at right angles with the stream, so that it
obstructs vessels in passing through, and that
the railroad company would be compelled for
that reason to take it down and build one that
would not obstruct navigation. The people of
Iowa and Illinois were very anxious to have
the arsenal located upon this island. Now, I
think if that is the fact, that it is a little unfair
for them, after they have induced the Govern-
ment to locate the arsenal there, to call upon
it to build a part of this bridge, especially
when this railroad company would be com-
pelled to build the bridge themselves in order
to avoid ruinous litigation.
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman from Wiscon-
sin is entirely mistaken. If he will yield to
me for a moment I will show him 
Mr. SLOAN. If I had time I would be very
glad to yield to the gentleman, but I have not.
All I desire to say is, that if the statement that
I have mentioned is true, we ought not to vote
away this appropriation. But if it is not true,
I think the Government ought to make an
appropriation to help to build this bridge, and
I am willing to give my vote in favor of it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] is again entitled
to the floor.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield three minutes to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. It strikes me that some
of these gentlemen have not yet hit the point
in this case. It was an absolute necessity, in
order that the Government might occupy Rock
Island for military purposes, that the location
of the railroad should be changed. The whole
matter was before the Military Committee at the
last session of this Congress. It was thoroughly
investigated; all the maps, estimates, and
everything connected with it were before that
committee. The committee made a report on
the subject, and, upon a full explanation of
the whole matter a bill was passed by the
House, and afterward by the Senate, and is
now a law upon the statute-book. The first
two sections of that law show why the railroad
track had to be changed, and why changes had
to be made in the bridges connecting either
with the Iowa or the Illinois shore. I ask,
therefore, to have those two sections of that
law read; merely remarking before they are
read that this island, belonging to the United
States, and being entirely occupied and needed
for the uses of the Government, is yet so
limited in extent as to have made necessary
the purchase of another adjacent small island.
Communication has to be kept up also by
bridges with both shores. But the two por-
tions of this main island on either side of the
railroad which crosses it were disconnected
from each other so that yon could not go from
one part of the arsenal grounds to the other
without passing circuitously and at great in-
convenience under archways and along the
shore under the railroad. It was deemed
essentially necessary, therefore, to change the
track of the railway and to throw it across the
lower point of the island ; and there was equal
necessity for changing the position of the
bridges on either side, connecting with the
Illinois and Iowa shores.
I ask that these two sections of this law may
now be read, in order to show what Congress
did in reference to this matter, what authority
they gave for the change, and what pledge
they gave in regard to it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The House is impatient
to reach a vote. I have yielded all my time
to the friends of this bill; and having heard
what they had to say, I am satisfied that we
might just as well be asked to contribute to
build a bridge anywhere else in the country
where the Government owns adjacent prop-
erty.
Now, if this were a proposition to build a
bridge across the Allegnany river at or near
Warren in my district, and where I live, I
suppose I should feel in regard to it just as the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Price] feels in
regard to this project; but that is no good
reason why this appropriation should be made.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SCOFIELl). I cannot yield. I have
only to say further that when the United States
are asked to undertake a system of internal
improvement, and none of the improvements
come in my district, I do not think that I am
bound to vote for it. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Has the gentleman ever
read the second section of the bill passed by
this Congress at its last session, pledging the
Government to this project and showing the
necessity for it ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I heard it discussed by
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Price.] We
had this question up a few days ago, and we
had the same extraordinary zeal manifested
by certain gentlemen in favor of this bill that
we have now, and we had also the same inti-
mation that we have had to-night—an intimation
which we always have whenever there is any
project before us for wasting the funds of the
United States—that somebody who favors it
knows a great deal more about it than those
who oppose it. The prodigals are always
learned in their own estimation, and they
always consider the economists very ignorant.
Mr. DELANO. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] a ques-
tion. I desire to know whether the present
bridge is such an obstruction to the navigation
of the river at that point as to require that it
should be rebuilt, and whether this is an effort
on the part of those who are compelled to
rebuild this bridge to get the Government to
aid them ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman from Ohitt
[Mr. Delano] has heard the debate upon this
subject and can answer that question as well
as I can. I now call the previous question.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to inquire of the
Chair whether, if the call for the previous
question should not be seconded, there would
be time for explanation or answer to the re-
marks made by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Scofield.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore, [Mr. Don-
nelly.] If the call lor the previous question
should not be seconded, debate would continue.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I hope the previous
question will not be seconded.
Mr. GRINNELL. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] to allow his
colleague [Mr. Stevexs] to have read a few
lines from a document to show the necessity
for this bridge.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I insist upon my call for
the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the reporters of the
