1028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
present time for the welfare both of the Indians
and the whites.
Mr. IvASSON. I have but one or two other
points to make. The gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Mayxard] will find upon a careful
examination of the bill that he largely over-
estimates the amount of these indefinite appro-
priations. Whatever they are I think I have
shown that they are in the main necessary for
the preservation of peace between the whites
and the Indians.
■ Now, in regard to the Indian wars which
are said to have cost the Government so many
million dollars. Two or three years ago-there
came down upon the Platte route across the
plains, the maul route of communication with
the Pacific, sundry stray bands of hostile In-
dians, who at once entered upon the work of
robbery and murder, commencing, I believe, at
Plum creek. They did not come there to avoid
the ajjitary or to find them, but as they always
do to rob and pillage and murder, to sacrifice
men, women, and children, leaving them there
weltering in their blood, a prey to the wolves
and coyotes of the plains. That was the first
notice which the whites had of those "harm-
less people," and of the disposition they en-
tertained toward the whites. They also came
down a few years ago into the southern part
of the State of Minnesota, and there and in the
northern part of the State of Iowa they com-
mitted one of those frightful massacres that
make the blood of all civilized men run cold.
And so they continually act. And when gen-
tlemen rise here and attempt to relieve these
Indians from this charga and represent them
as a "harmless people," a people that the mil-
itary are provoking to war in order to spend
$30,000,000 of money, then I submit that these
gentlemen know nothing at all of the habits of
the Indians on the plains.
IIow was it with the late massacre at Fort
Phil. Kearney? I have before me a list of the
officers and soldiers killed there. A party was
sent out to obtain wood to supply the fort; a
small number of the Indians waylaid them, and
_ after they had followed uuwisely into one of
the gorges they were surrounded by overwhelm-
ing numbers of devils incarnate, who brutally
murdered every one of them, officers and sol-
diers. The slaughtered men represented some
ten States. I find upon this list names from
Massachusetts, Now York, Indiana, Ohio,
Pennsylvania—several from the city of Phila-
delphia—and from other States, who were
murdered without any provocation whatever
by these Indians.
Now, it' it be possible by accurate statements
of the character of these Indians in warfare, I
desire to correct this innocent idea that they
are a harmless people, and that simply by send-
ing a missionary or a civil messenger to them
they would bow their heads in obedience to the
doctrines of Christianity, and accept the laws of
war as known and practiced among civilized
nations.
The mass of them, both the chiefs and the
members of the tribes, are men who know no
law but the law of violence. There are a few
chiefs who are friendly to the whites. One of
them has recently come into a fort and has
notified General Sherman, who knows him
well, that there is now danger of a universal
and sweeping war; that we are upon the very
threshold of such 6, war. The newspapers
eontain statements that some twelve thousand
Indians have already taken the war-path ; and
this chief says that, so soon as the season opens,
they will eome down upon all the routes used
by the whites across the country.
I hold, sir, that there can be no security
against these depredations and wars except by
establishing a military police over the whole
Indian country ; and when an Indian trihe ob-
serves its treaty let its stipulations be fulfilled;
when it violates the treaty, abolish that treaty.
Let it be distinctly understood that so long as
there is peace between them and the whites
so long and no longer shall they receive the
allowances which may be voted to them by
Congress.
Sir, the whole western newspaper press has
been for a long period of time insisting upon
the necessity of a radical and vital change in
our system of dealings with the Indians. Every
mail brings me papers urging such a change. I
know the feeling of western men, and I know
that they put no confidence whatever in the
administrative system of the Indian Bureau.
Why, sir, a year ago last fall, when I was on
the plains, one of the military columns—so
very expensive as they are stated to be and
are—was in pursuit of the Indians, when the
civil emisssaries of the Government came out
there and stopped the column just before it
had reached the point where it was to strike
the blow. They said, "Fight these Indians
no more: let us have a talk with them ;" and
Colonel Leavenworth, an accomplished man,
was sent along with others to make a treaty
with them. In the same way treaties were
made elsewhere ; and the effect of those trea-
ties was simply, as General Pope predicted at
the time, that the Indians obtained new sup-
plies with which to make a new war upon the
whites; and they are now nearly all on the
war-paih. The Arapahoes, the Apaches, the
Chcyennes, and several other bands of Sioux
are threatening to destroy all the white settle-
ments, and to render unsafe for travel all our
routes across the plains.
As a gentleman near me reminds me, powder
was recently actually furnished to these Indians
by a,gents or traders. The Indian chief to
whom I have referred declared that not only
the chiefs but members of the tribes had been
supplied with from one to three revolvers each,
and were perfectly ready to make war. The
Indian Bureau has allowed powder to be served
out to them ; and they have obtained arms from
the traders, either with or without the consent
of the Indian Bureau. Provided with all these
instrumentalities, the Indians are sweeping
down in thousands for the destruction of the
whites, both civilians and troops.
Mr. THAYER. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. KASSON. 1 will do so.
Mr. THAYER. It seems to me that the
gentleman, in his eloquent peroration, has
made the best possible argument against his
bill. If Indian wars and Indian atrocities are
to be prevented by squandering millions of
money upon Indian agents, I desire to ask why
this practice, which has so long obtained, has
not prevented Indian wars and Indian out-
rages heretofore? If there is anything in the
gentleman's argument, why has not this prac-
tice heretofore produced the results which he
contends should logically be its consequences?
Now, sir, so far as regards such appropria-
tions in this bill as have in view the carrying
out of existing treaties, those appropriations
must be made. We must abide by the treaties we
have made. But so far as regards the immense
sums proposed to be appropriated for other
purposes—immense sops which are thrown to
these savages to prevent the atrocities which
the gentleman has so eloquently described—
the past experience of the Government shows
that this method of treatment is unavailing to
prevent the outrages which are annually per-
petrated by these savages. I say, therefore,
that the proposition of my colleague [Mr.
Scofield] has much in it deserving the atten-
tive consideration of this House, and that those
portions of the bill to which I have adverted,
having in .view the appropriation of immense
sums not required for the fulfillment of exist-
ingtreaties, should, inmyjudgment, be stricken
from the bill. I hope the House will yet give
my colleague an opportunity to make the
motion he has indicated.
Mr. KASSON. I wish to reserve time to
answer questions put to me.
The SPEAKER. Except by unanimous
consent, when the gentleman's hour expires,
he cannot be allowed to proceed.
Mr. KASSON. I wish to answer the sug-
gestion made by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. There are no such immense sums for
general purposes appropriated by this bill as
he suggests. Nearly the entire bill is t.o carry
out existing treaty stipulations. We could not
discriminate between those treaties broken by
the Indians and those that are not. We have
added at the conclusion of the bill the follow-
ing, which guards that subject for the first
time:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That no moneys
or annuities stipulated by any treaty with an Indian
tribe for which appropriations are herein made, or
for which appropriations shall hereafter bo made,
shall be expended for, or paid, or delivered to any
tribe which, since the next preceding payment under
such treaty, shall have engaged in hostilities against
the United States, or against its citizens peacefully
and lawfully soiourning or traveling within its
jurisdiction at the time of such hostilities: nor in
such case shall such stipulated payments or deliv-
eries be resumed until new appropriationsshall have
been made therefor by Congress; and it shall be the
duty of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to report
to Congress, at each session, any case of hostilities,
by any tribe with which the United States has treaty
stipulations, which shall have aecurred since his
next preceding report.
Secondly, we must have some appropriations
which do not touch the tribes now making
war, nor those with whom we have treaties ;
but only to enable us to carry out existing
arrangements for Indians collected, or to be
collected, under civil control.
Thirdly. The military department must have
some funds, so that when they capture Indians
they may, as they will have to subsist tliem
upon reservations or elsewhere, just as they
have been subsisted on the reservation at
Bosque Redondo under restraint. These In-
dians have to be subsisted on Army rations or
from special funds or they would be starved.
That is all I have to say on that.
Mr. BROM WELL. I would ask the gentle-
man from Iowa whether if this provides for
withholding treaty money from tribes which
have broken treaties, if that will not lead to.
the coaimitting of savage atrocities by them as
well as withholding appropriations not pro-
vided for by treaty, of which he has spoken?
Mr. KASSON. It of course provides for
fulfilling our treaty stipulations.
Mr. wTNDOM. The gentleman says I have
referred to these as a harmless people. 1 be-
lieve I have never made any such reference.
I believe there is no member of this House
who better knows how far they are from harm-
less. The terrible experience of my own con-
stituents proves them much more nearly allied
to demons than to angels.
I am also charged by the gentleman with
championing the present Indian system. . That
is not my position. I introduced a bill in-
tended to correct the evils complained of in
that system, and appealed to the House to pass
it to prevent the evils shown to exisfrftlso under
military superintendency.
I referred to the military not for the purpose
of casting any reflection, but merely to show we
are not more secure under them than under
civil management.
So far as these large appropriations are con-
cerned, I desire to say that if the Indians shall
be transferred to the War Department you will
appropriate twenty, thirty, or a hundred mil-
lions for the military service and you will never
hear of it again. Three or four millions per
annum will be squandered in the Indian ser-
vice and no one will ever think of asking any
questions, nor of looking into the vast" mael-
strom of, military expenditure ; just as no one
would ever have known of the reckless extrav-
agance in New Mexico if this investigation
had not taken place. For the fact is that the
appropriations for the military service are so
enormous that a few millions are easily stolen
without attracting attention. The Indian ser-
vice will afford a rich field for military specu-
lations if the transfer shall be made.
Mr. KASSON. If the bill passed the other
day becomes a law, and the jurisdiction of In-
dian affairs be transferred to the War Depart-
ment, we will still have an Indian appropriation
bill and examination into all Indian matters
by the able committee at the head of which is
the gentleman from Minnesota.
The groat evil now is that we have a double-
headed system in which one branch ot the
