1867".
KI® CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
Delaware, thift sympathized with the rebellion,
and Maryland, where the voice of loyalty has
for the time been smothered and suppressed
by returned and disfranchised "rebels, alone
sustain the President. But one of these—Mary-
land—contributed to his election; the other two
cast their votes against hjm, as they had given
their influence to the rebellion. Every other
State that voted for Lincoln and Johnson sus-
tains Congress and repudiates the President;
and yet . fae has had- the assurance, in a care-
fully prepared speech, to denounce this Con-
gress in such language as the following:
"We hare seen hanging upop the verge of Gov-
ernment, as it were, a body calling itself and assum-
ing to be the Congress of the Ueited States,-when it
was, in fact, but a Congress of a part of the States;
and we have seen such a Congress pretending to be
for the Union when every single step it took was to
perpetuate dissolution apd to make disruption per-
manent."
What portion of the States, let me ask, does
he and his "policy" represent? When his
administration commenced he had the same
constituency and represented the same States as
the Republican or Union members of Congress.
Now, twenty-one of the twenty-two States that
contributed to his election have repudiated
him. The place made vacant in the Union
ranks by the compulsory defection of Mary-
land has been filled by the. accession of New
Jersey, entitled to an equal number of elect-
oral votes, so that twenty-two of the twenty-
five States that participated in the election of
President and Vice President in 1864, and
casting two hundred and twelve out of an ag-
gregate of two hundred and thirty-three elect-
oral votes then given, condemn the "policy"
of the President.
In (he light of these results may we not ask
if there is not another "body hanging on the
verge of the Government calling itself and
assuming to be the" President of the United
States, when, in fast, upon the theory above
applied to Congress, it is the President of a
part only of the States, and that a very small
part if those only are included that support
" my policy "• and are entitled to representa-
tion in Congress ? What a constituency is this!
What a stand-point from which to assail the
Thirty-Ninth Congress as wanting in legality
or popular support! No wonder the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is anxiously waiting for
the "rehabilitation" of the States lately in
rebellion, ostensibly for the purpose of regu-
lating the disturbed and nervous finances of
the country, but really to enable the Adminis-
tration, in theory if not in fact, to claim to
represent as many States at least as there are
Cabinet ministers.
So overwhelming has been the defeat of the
Administration, so thoroughly have the people
become disgusted with the "President's pol-
icy," that the Democratic party, through one
of its ablest Representatives on this floor, was
forced to disown all connection with or respon-
sibility for the Administration, and to declare
that'the President was too heavy a load for
any party to carry and expect to survive.
Even John Tyler never sunk as low as this
during his official term. He was flattered and
caressed by the Democratic party so long as he
had offices to bestow; and it was not until he
again became a private citizen that he realized
how thoroughly he had forfeited the confidence
of all parties. But the head of this Adminis-
tration is not permitted to enjoy the hallucina-
tion that he has the confidence of any party,
even during the continuance of his short and
inglorious official career. The ' 'ground swell''
of public indignation followed fast upon the
retreating footsteps of the presidential caravan ;
and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Le Bi.ond]
but echoed the opinion of all candid and dis
interested men when he characterized the Pres-
ident as too heavy a burden for any party to
carry. And when an Administration has become
so obnoxious and impotent that the Democratic
party is constrained to reject its proffered sup-
port and embrace, it must be poor indeed. It
has reached the lowest point indicated by any
political thermometer yet invented. Repu-
diated by the people, shunned by the Demo-
cratic party, the Administration party is but an
association of political lepers, wandering out-
side of any responsible organization, and upon
whom the people have written the word unclean
in blazing capitals, so that the honest and
upright of all parties may shun their demoral-
izing association.
The President, in his assumed meekness,
claims to be willing and anxious at all times
to conform to and carry out the popular will.
In the speech already referred to he says:
" T acknowledge no superior except my God, tho
author of my existence, and the people of the United
States. The commands of the one I try to obey as
best I can compatible with poor humanity. As to
the other, in a political and representative sense, tho
high behests of the people have always been and
ever will be respected and obeyed by me."
And yet, in the faee of the overwhelming pop-
ular verdict against him, he renews in his mes-
sage the oft-repeated recommendations of his
'' policy," insists that the governments of these
States are entirely restored, and that it is the
duty of Congress to admit them to representa-
tion here.
The unrepresented States also revive and
intensify the agitation of this subject by re-
jecting or refusing to accept the constitutional
amendment, leaving Congress released from
any implied pledge to adopt their governments
and declare them entitled to representation if
they had accepted the amendment and con-
formed their institutions, laws, and govern-
ments to its provisions.
We may therefore begin this work de novo,
and it is the duty of this Congress to review
the whole subject, especially as the States most
directly interested have shown a determination
not to accept the very liberal terms proposed
by this amendment.
I do not speak of a ratification by these
State's of the constitutional amendment as an
act that can have any influence whatever upon
its adoption or rejection as apartof the organic
law of the land. I regard their action upon
this subject only in the light of evidence as to
the existence of loyalty or disloyalty in the peo-
ple of these States. The question of its adop-
tion as apartoftheConstitutionistobe decided
by the States represented in Congress, and by
those alone.
It is apparent that these State organizations
have been and will be used in all cases to de-
feat or prevent the acceptance of.this amend-
ment, and to prevent the realization by the loyal
people of the frui ts of victory, to which they are
entitled by their success in the war.
We may with propriety, then, inquire into the
legitimacy of these governments to see what
claims they have for recognition by Congress.
I will not go over the arguments on this sub-
ject so often adduced at the last session. It
is sufficient to say that, agreeing with the Presi-
dent in the statement made in his proclama-
tions appointing provisional governors, "that
the rebellion had deprived the people of these
States of all civil government," his subsequent
proceedings to reorganize or reconstruct them
find no warrant in the Constitution ; and the
fruits that they have produced are not such as
appeal to the patriotism of the people for sup-
port, or to the well-settled power of Congress
over the subject for toleration or longer for-
bearance.
On the other hand, from suffering and op-
pressed loyalty throughout these States, groan-
ing under the most intolerant despotism and
proscription, comes the earnest and persistent
appeal that Congress will now speak the word
that shall number these governments with the
things that have been; that shall send them
back to the prolific hot-bed of treason in which
they were generated, and in the interest of
which they have been mainly administered, and
shall recognize as the people of those States
capable of establishing governments therein
those only, without distinction of color, who
were true to the Government in the time of its
weakness and trial.
While we might have winked at the gross
irregularities in the reorganization of these
States by the Executive or under his direction,
or even have assented to and adopted them if
they bad been administered in the intiwest of
freedom, no excuse can be given frr such
recognition when they are used to depress '©y-
alty and exalt treason. The mandate of the
Constitution, which requires the United SU tes
to guaranty to every State in the Union arepvb-
lican form of government, contains am; le
authority for the overthrow of these govern-
ments and the erection of republican govern-
ments in their places, and it is time that its
provisions were enforced.
The great objection the constitutional amend-
ment encountered in the loyal States was on
account of its extreme liberality. The people
are far in advance oftheir Representatives upon
this subject, and would have sustained with
equal unanimity more stringent terms. And
yet these terms, mild as they are, are de-
nounced by the reconstructed governors of
some of these States as an instilt to their peo-
ple that requires only to be read to be rejected.
The power of Congress to exact these or any
other terms that may be deemed necessary
having been affirmed by the people by so large
a majority, should be considered settled and
not open to discussion. It is res judicata, so
far at least as this Congress is concerned.
The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Hise,]
who appears here as counsel for the Adminis-
tration after its defense has been abandoned by
the Democratic party, made a heroic attempt
to justify and sustain the "President's policy. '
Had his speech been brought down in point of
time to the present generation, it might have
been pertinent to the subject when the ques-
tion was an open one and under discussion at
the last session; but it is now too late, even if
stripped of its antediluvian flavor, to be of ben-
efit to his client,, or to have the least influen Ee
upon the verdict already rendered. He is ex-
cusable, of course, because he was not preseit
to hear the arguments and positions of the mes-
sage, so often repeated on this floor at the last
session, as often answered and refuted. He
cannot now even secure an arrest of judgment
in the case. He is like the lawyer who, on
making a motion to set aside a judgment
against his client in a criminal case, where the
punishment was public whipping, was informed
by the court that the penalty had already been
inflicted, and that if he succeeded in obtaining
a new trial his client woald undoubtedly be
again convicted, and the court would be com-
pelled to resentence him an8 increase the pun-
ishment, as it would be a second conviction.
He wisely concluded, under the circumstances,
to waive his application for a new trial; and
I commend his discretion to the consideration
of the gentleman from Kentucky and all others
who are like-minded.
I shall regard tjie question of the power of
Congress over this subject as settled, and ask
that the judgment of the people be enforced.
They have decided that, as a condition-precedent
to the admission of Representatives from the
States lately in rebellion, cach of them shall
accept the terms presented in the constitu-
tional amendment and conform thgir laws and
governments, both in letter and spirit, in prac-
tice as well as theory, to those terms. This
those States are refusing to do, and their refu-
sal is made in the most offensive manner. Can
we waive or modify these conditions? "One
jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the
law till all be fulfilled.'' The only change that
can be made in them will be to increase their
stringency. We must not dilute or waive  
single condition intended as "security for the
future." This much, at least, the people will
require at our hands. If those terms and con-
ditions are rejected, they will demand that we
advance instead of retreat; that we do now
what, with propriety, might have been done
before.
The governments that stand in the way of
the acceptance of these conditions, and which
have not even the shadows of regularity or pop-
ular approval, must be set aside and new ones
organized in their places based upon impar-
