266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3.
V '
tial suffrage- to. ttusted and confiding loyalty,
and recognizing the equal rights of &M men
before the Jaw.
As fast, then, as these States, through their
pretended Legislatures or otherwise, reject the
constitutional amendment in a manner indicat-
ing a settled purpose to prevent its acceptance
or adoption, or neglect promptly to accept its
terms and conditions, it-is, in my opinion, the
duty of Congress to declare their governments
usurpations, and pass an enabling act author-
izing the loyal people only in those States,
without distinction of color, to take the neces-
sary-measures to establish therein governments,
republican in form, that shall be entitled to and
shall receive the recognition, protection, and
support contemplated by the Constitution. In
this way only will treason be rendered power-
less,, loyalty encouraged, and republican gov-
ernments for those States established upon a
firm and an enduring basis. If we do less than
this we shall fail to meet the just expectations
of the people, and shall receive, as we shall
deserve, their censure and condemnation, and
the condemnation of the friends of justice and
impartial liberty through all coming time.
Mr. MERCUR obtained the floor, but yielded
to Mr. Myers, who moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee-rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Upson reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, having had under consideration
the President's annual message, had come to
no resolution thereon.
bnbotled joint resolution.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled Senate joint
resolution No. 128, in relation to the settlement
of the accounts of William P. Wiugate, col-
lector at the port of Bangor, Maine; when the
Speaker signed the same.
- protection op overland routes.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution
of the House, information respecting the pro-
tection of the routes across the continent to
the Pacific from molestation by hostile In-
dians ; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
chicago harbor.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution
of the House, the report of the chief of Engi-
neers respecting the improvement of Chicago
harbor; which, on motion of Mr. Wextworth,
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed. •
western military posts.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the House, portions of General Babcock's re-
port of the inspection of military posts on the
western frontier; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
additional compensation.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee of Ways and Means, re-
ported a joint resolution giving additional
compensation to certain employes in the civil
service of the Government; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and made the special order for Tuesday next,
after the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The question now pend-
ing is the proposition in reference to recon-
struction, on which the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] is entitled to the floor.
order for friday and saturday.
Mr. NIBLACK. I more that when the House
ac|journs to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I suggest to the
gentleman from Indiana that we had better
meet here to-morrow, and go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
with the understanding that no business shall be
done. There are many members who wish to
make speeches.
Mr. NIBLACK. I would like to have some
general understanding on the subject.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I think there will
be a general understanding that there will be
no vote taken to-morrow.
Mr. NIBLACK. If that is so, I will with-
draw my motion.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I now move that
by unanimous consent to-morrow and the next'
day (Friday and Saturday) be devoted to debate,
and that no vote be taken on those days.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
j. b. m'faeland and others.
Mr. STOKES, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the petition of J. B. McFarl&nd, E. B.
Turner, A. G. Buddington, S. B. Reid, and
others ; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
disloyalty.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Beeolved, That the following resolution, introduced
into the House of Representatives December 4,1862,
by Hon. Thaddetjs Stevens, expresses the convic-
tions and sense of this House, to wit;
" Resolved, That if any person in the employment
of the United States, ineitherthelegislativeor execu-
tive branch, should propose to make peace or should
accept or advise the acceptance of any such propo-
sition on any other basis than the integrity and entire
unity of the United States and their Territories as
they existed at the time of the rebellion he will be
guilty of a high crime."
And .-that the bill (H.B. No. 543) is clearly in viola-
tion of the spiritof said resolution, and thatthesame
does in fact assert or at least admit that secessionists
and rebels were successful in the dividing of the
Union arid destroying certain of the States of the-
United States as such in the Union and degrading
them into Territories; and thatHon. Tha 1>et;s Ste-
vess, in and by the introduction and advocacy of
the said bill, has manifested a mind and heart dis-
loyal to the Constitution and the Union of the States
as they existed at the time of the rebellion, and is
guilty of the crime specified in the resolution, and
therefore deserves the reprobation of this House.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I insist that this is a
^ The SPEAKER. When the committee rose
the House resumed the consideration of an-
other bill which was already before it. The
pending question is on House bill No. 543,
which takes precedence.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not, however, wish
to press the resolution at this time, as I see the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
is not in his seat.
john cotter.
Mr. FARQUHAR, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution for the relief of
John Cotter, of Franklin county. Indiana;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
LINE OFFICERS IN THE NAVY.
Mr. FARQUHAR, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to amend an act entitled "An
act to establish and equalize the grades of line
officers of the United States Navy," approved
July 16, 18ti2; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
amos hopper.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent, submitted a resolution in relation to
the claim of Amos Hopper and others for pen-
sions; which was referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
MILITIA.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; _ which was
referred to the Committee on Printing under
the law:
Resolved, That three thousand extra copies of the
bill to provide for organizing, arming, and discip-
lining the militia, and for other purposes, referredto
the Committee on the Militia, January 3, 1SG?,- be
printed m pamphlet form for the use of the said com-
mittee.
new_executive mansion.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds be instructed to inquire into the prac-
ticability and expediency of providing for the erec-
tion of a new Executive Mansion for the use of the
President of the United States. And in case such
committee shall deem it practicable and expedient
to provide for the erection of such new Executive
Mansion then that said committee be further in-
structed to inqnireintothe propriety of setting apart
the present Executive Mansion for the use of the
Department of State, Mid to report by bill or other-
wise.
Mr. BAKER. I object.
RIVER SURVEYS IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. WENTWORTH offered the following
resolution; which, being a call for executive
information, was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to communicate to this House what progress has been
made in the surveys of the Ro^ znd Illinois rivers
ordered at the last session of this Congress, and the
names of the officers to whom said surveys have been
intrusted.
clerk to a committee.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I ask unani-
mous consent to offer the following resolution:
Resolved*, That the Committee on the Militia be
authorized to appoint a clerk, who shall receive the
compensation allowed to the clerk of the Committee
on Commerce for the time of actual service.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
And then, on motion of Mr. ASHLEY, of
Ohio, (at half-past three o'clock p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
By Mr. COBB: The memorial;of WilliamJBIake, of
Wisconsin, an old soldier of the war of 1812, for back
pension.
By Mr. CTFLLOM t A petition from citizens of
Bloomington, Illinois, remonstrating against the
withdrawal of national legal-tenders.
By Mr. FARQUHAR: The petition of John W.
ITitt, Fielding Berry, and 36 others, of Brookville,
Indiana, against the curtailment of the national
currency and too hasty resumption of specie pay'
ments. and protest against requiring national banks,
wherever located, to redeem their notes in the eity
of New York and against the policy of prohibiting
national banks from paying or receiving interest on
bank balances.
By Mr. GARFIELB: The memorial of Major
George Arnold, of Cleveland, Ohio, praying Congress
to pass a law to equalize the bounties of soldiers.
Ry Mr. GOOD"YY IN: The petition of George M.
Willing, asking Congress to pass an act authorizing
the raising a regiment of mounted rangers for service
in Arizona.
By Mr. HARDING, of Illinois: A petition from
citizens of Rock Island county, Illinois, for a mail
route from Rock Island to Sterling.
Also, the petition of Solomon Siurges & Sons, and
numerous business men of Chicago, Illinois, against
the curtailment of the national currency and against
a law requiring national banks to redeem in New
By Mr. HART: The memorial of Milo D. Codding,
of Rochester, New York, in relation to Defrees Uni-
versity.
By Mr. JULIAN: The memorial of the American
Equal Rights Association, praying Congress to adopt
such measures as will remove all discrimination
founded on race or sex in the exercise of political
power.
Also, the petition of 90 citizens of the State of Indi-
ana, praying the impeachment of the President of
theUnited States for high crimes and misdemeanors.
By Mr. KERR: The petition of J, M. Hains, J. J.
Brown, A. S. Burnett, and W. C. Be Parew, against
making certain specified ehanges in the national
banking law. _ _
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio: The petition of
citizens of Piqua against a reduction of the national
currency and against requiring all banks to redeem
their notes in New York.
Also, from citizens of Bellefontame, to the same
effect.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of Susan I). Small,
for pension.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of John Ingla.
jr., president of the Evansville aud Crawi'ordvilte
railroad, of Indiana, praying for a reduction of the
tariff on railroad iron and railroad steel.
By Mr. PRICE: Petition of James Westfall, and
112 others, citizens of the State of Iowa, asking for the
impeachment of Andrew Johnson for reasons therein
set forth.
By Mr. RITTER: The petition of John S.Jackson,
asking compensation for furnishing provisions for
men guarding Look and Bam No. 2, on Green river,
by order of General Anderson.
