1706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March J,
looking for general legislation in an appropria-
tion bill where by the rules of the House it is
prohibited. But, sir, it is in keeping with
much of our legislation.
Now, sir, inasmuch as we are upon the sub-
ject of universal power in Congress, I wish to
carry the doctrine home to my colleagues. I
wish to apply the doctrine of the majority here,
and especially of my colleagues on that side of
the House, to Ohio and them; and for that pur-
pose I wish the Clerk to read the resolution I
send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Whereas the Legislature of Ohio, on the 26th in-
stant, by a vote of 26 to 50, refused to strike out of
the constitution of said State the word "white,"
thereby repudiating, not only the action of the Re-
publican party in Congress, "who are the peoplet"
but have refused to make the government of Ohio
"republican in form" according to the standard
established by Congress: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Beoonstrncti n
be, and are hereby, instructed to report to this House
a bill establishing a military government over the
■fieople of the "s6-called State" of Ohio until such
times as the people thereof shall adopt a republican
form of government, which shall be submitted and
approved of by Congress; and that the members of
Congress representing said so-called State b«, and
they are hereby, excluded from seats in Congress
antil such time as said so-called State shall be recon-
structed.
[Laughter.]
Mr. LB BLOND. Now, sir, no one upon
this side proposes, or could by any possibility
vote for it if offered as an amendment, yet I
deem it but proper, and indeed I feel it an im-
perative duty, to present it, to enable my uni-
versal suffrage colleagues from Ohio to take it
up and have it incorporated in the bill. I now
turn it over to its foster-fathers to be reared
under the guardian care of the military and
the Freedmen's Bureau. I hope they will act
promptly and preserve their consistency.
It declares that Congress is the people. So
you have affirmed repeatedly. It declares by i
reason of the Ohio Legislature refusing to grant
suffrage " without regard to race, color, or pre-
vious condition of slavery," said State govern-
ment is not republican in form. This is the
standard yon have fixed for ten States of this
Union, and if good for ten it is good for all. It
provides for a military government in Ohio,
just as- you provide in the South. It denies
representation to the State, just as yon deny it
to the ten Southern States. It looks to Ohio
being represented in future when she reforms
her constitution and makes it republican in
form according, not to the Constitution of the
United States, for that would beanti-republican,
but according to the congressional standard.
This you require of the South. It requires
the Committee on Reconstruction to report the
bill as all bills oa reconstruction must come
from that committee, upon the hypothesis that
that committee possess all the brains of Con-
gress. So it is not objectionable in that regard.
In drafting the preamble and resolution, I
endeavored to make it conform to all your
new doctrines, and think I have succeeded well.
Now, what objection can you have to it? None
I am sure. Now, if you wish to be consistent
and believe your doctrines to be sound in prin-
ciple and wholesome for the people, apply
them everywhere; make all the States come
under the rules. What is good for Virginia
is good for Ohio.
Besides, the Republicans in the Ohio Legis-
lature are disloyal by the congressional stand-
nrd, and usurpers. They have exercised con-
stitutional powers and set at defiance the will
of Congress, and ought to be punished. To
deprive them of representation would be one
of the punishments Congress inflicts npon tile
South, and in that regard is in the spirit of our
legislation. Besides, they had the audacity to
affirm by solemn vote in a deliberative body
that a negro was not as good as a white man
after all that baa been said by Congress in
favor of the negro, and Congress, yon know,
is the people, and vox populi vox Dei. Hence,
they defy the people and God, and deserve pun-
ishment.
Now, sir, having said thug ranch in explana-
tion of my resolution, I turn it over to those
who ought to be its true advocates, with the
hope that it will not be slaughtered in the
house of its friends. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. I am almost inclined to
agree to the resolution. I do not know but
what we ought to guaranty republican govern-
ments to the States both of Ohio and Penn-
sylvania. I
Mr. GRINNELL. I hope we shall sustain
this amendment, because it proposes to pro- j
hibit unusual punishments, maiming and whip- i
ping. The history of the times shows that this !
is necessary. The accounts come up to us
from all parts of the southern country that
men are being scourged daily for crime. As :
regards the condition of Ohio, alluded to by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Le Blond,] I
believe that the action of the State of Tennes- ,
see will make impartial suffrage easy both for :
his State and mine. I am anxious to see any ,
politician in his State or mine rise, after this
notorious and honorable example, and oppose
impartial suffrage without regard to race or
color.
A Member. Or sex.
Mr. GRINNELL. Sir, I have held for (
years that South Carolina, while she disfran- ,
chised a majority of her people, never had a
republican form of government. She never ,
| had it in the eye of the Constitution nor in the |
eyes of honorable men throughout the world.
I Now, we should allow all men to vote, uncon-
victed of crime. Let us adopt this principle.
But in the mean time we should say that none
1 of those old pirates and slave-drivers shall
| wreak their vengeance npon the unprotected
] black man. I call the previous question.
Mr. LE BLOND. Will the gentleman yield
for a question ?
Mr. GRINNELL. I will answer it, and
then renew the call for the previous question.
Mr. LE BLOND. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman whether the framers of the Consti-
tution were wise men, or as wise as himself,
when they regarded South Carolina and all
the southern States as having republican forms
of government?
Mr. GRINNELL. I have only to say that
"the days of that ignorance God winked at,"
but now he calls upon "all men everywhere,"
including the gentleman from Ohio, "to re-
pent" and do justice. [Laughter.]
Mr. LE BLOND. Washington and Jefferson
and their compeers, I suppose, were ignorant
men. [Laughter.]
Mr. GRINNELL. I am sorry the gentle-
man does not accept the issue of the day and
vote for justice. I renew the demand for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment of the Senate, as
amended, was agreed to.
Ninth amendment:
Add the following as a new section:
Sec. 6. And be itfwrlher enacted. That all militia
forces now organised or in service in either of the
States of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Louisiana. Mississippi,
and Texas be forthwith disbanded, and that the
farther organising, arming, or calling into service of
the said militia forces, or any part t hereof, is berehy
prohibited, under any circumstances whatever, until
the game shall be authorized by Congress.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
Add the following as a new section:
Sec. —. And be 11 further enacted, That the Post-
master General be authorised to pay, under each
regulations as the Secretary of War snail prescribe,
in addition to the amount received by them for the
traveling expenses of such California and Nevada
volunteers as were discharged in New Mexico, Ari-
zona, or Utah, at points distant from the place or
places of enlistment, such proportionate sums, ac-
cording to the distance traveled, aa have been paid
to the troops of other States similarly situated; and
such amount as shall be necessary to pay the same is
hereby appropriated out of any money m the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
The committee recommend concurrence,
with the following amendment:
Provided. That the provisions of this section shall
only apply to the volunteers aforesaid who actually I
returned to their homes in the State of their enlist-
ment upon their discharge.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I move another amendment, as
follows:
Provided, That the provisions of this section shall
not apply to any volunteers who were engaged in the
massacre of the Indians, under Cbivington.
It will be recollected that the Colorado vol-
unteers were those who massacred the Indians
under Cbivington. I do not think they ought
to have any extra pay.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment ot the
Senate refers only to California and Nevada.
Colorado is not mentioned.
Mr. HOGAN. I move to add after the word
" Nevada," "Missouri." A large number of
Missouri volunteers were discharged, some of
them in Texas, others in Georgia, others in
Virginia. They were required to go home,
receiving no compensation.
Mr. SCHENCK. My impression is that the
fentleman is shooting in the wrong direction.
'his amendment of the Senate applies to those
who were discharged in those distant Territo-
ries. If these Missouri men were discharged
in Texas, the gentleman's amendment ought to
read '' discharged in Texas ;'' but by putting
in the word "Missouri," it will apply only to
those discharged in Missouri.
Mr. HOGAN. I do not mean that. I mean
simply those who were discharged away from
the State in which they were mustered into the
service.
Mr. SCHENCE. As the gentleman phrases
his amendment it would apply to those dis-
charged in Missouri. He means the Missouri
troops discharged in some other place.
Mr. HOGAN. YeS, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. While up, I will say that
I think the cases were! not nearly so numerous
as might be supposed where there was no suffi-
cient pay or transportation given, though there
were some very hard cases of discharge in
Nevada and Colorado of troops belonging in
California and belonging on this side. In
every case they did receive transportation or
allowances for it, but the difficulty was, being
discharged there, they received, for instance,
in going to Michigan orNew York some eighty
or ninety dollars, whereas it cost them from
one hundred and tw,enty-five to three hundred
dollars to return to their homes. This amend-
ment of the Senate is but the bill that was sent
to them from the Military Committee of the
House, having passed this House substantially
in the same form. But there ought to be some
restriction confining it to the men who did not
elect to remain in the Territories. We found
that a great many of these men when discharged
requested to be discharged there, instead of
being taken home, because they desired to
settle and become miners. They ought not, if
a year or two afterward they choose to go
home, to receive two or three hundred dollars
forgoing home.
Mr. HIGBY. I believe the law is guarded
in that respect, providing for those who did
actually return home. That is the provision
that is added by the committee.
Mr. BIDWELL. I wish to say that there
were a few soldiers who enlisted in California
and who were discharged in Arizona, New
Mexico, and Texas, a thousand miles almost
from where they enlisted. There lias been
considerable correspondence on the subject
between the Governor of California and Gen-
eral Carlton, all of which goes to show that
those cases were extremely hard, and I should
regret if the gentleman from Missouri insists
upon his amendment, which will destroy the
whole provision. The cases of those soldiers
who enlisted in California were extremely
hard. They did not, perhaps, even know ex-
actly what they were entitled to. I believe
there was a want of transportation, and being
discharged in Texas. New Mexico, and Arizona,
thpy have to find their way home, thousands
of miles, at an expense of two, three, or four
hundred dollars apiece, whereas they received
