1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1031
erty was taken or receipted for by officers of
the United States Army or any other person
belonging to said forces.
The amendment reported by the committee
was lo strike out all after the word "cases'' in
line four, and insert in lieu thereof the follow-
ing ;
Where quartermasters' stores were actually fur-
nishod to tho forces under the command of Major
General Lewis Wallace, duly receipted for by per-
sons acting under his authority during the Morgan
raid through tho States of Indiana and Ohio, in the
summer of 1863, and for the purpose of giving such re-
ceipts for property so applied, the said persons shall
be held to be proper offieeis of the Government.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho joint resolution, as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time ;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee,
made adverse reports on the following cases :
the petition of Daniel H. Bingham, with leave
to the petitioner to withdraw his papers ; reso-
lution respecting bounties to certain California
volunteers, their cases having been provided
for in a general law ; the case of Mrs. Stager,
widow of Solomon Stager, the same having
also been provided for; and they were laid on
the table.
MARTHA TRENIS.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of the claim of Martha
Trenis, and the same was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
VOLUNTEER OFFICERS.
. Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee,
reported back a joint resolution for the relief
of certain officers of volunteers, recommend-
ing its passage.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that in every case in which a commis-
sioned officer or enlisted man was detached
from his regiment, in pursuance of orders from
the War Department, and directed to report to
Brigadier General Daniel Ullman in New York
citv, with a view of being mustered as com-
missioned officer in the brigade which Gen-
eral Ullinan was authorized by the War Depart-
ment to raise, and who reported in New York
without neglect, and under order of his supe-
rior officer entered on duty, and was afterward
mustered, but by reason of capture by the
enemy or other cause beyond his control, with-
out fault or neglect of his own, was not mus-
tered within a period of not less than thirty
days, the Department shall allowto him full pay
and emoluments of the rank in which he served
from the date at which he received the order
of the War Department, deducting therefrom
all pay actua'llv received for such period ; and
in case of the death of any such officer or
enlisted man prior to or after muster or after
honorable discharge, his heirs or legal repre-
sentatives shall be entitled to the pay aforesaid.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petitions of
the following persons, Kentucky volunteers,
namely: H. F. Riley, S. S. Brown, Marcus C.
Courtney, H. E. Bailey, Josiah Grover, Ser-
geant R. W. Thornbrough, and Jabez GifTord,
asking for back pay and bounty; and the peti-
tions were laid on the table, with leave to the
petitioners to withdraw their papers at their
own request.
Also adversely on the petitions of George M.
Willing and of John Fales; which were laid on
the table.
Also adversely on House bill No. 931, to
grant relief to honorably discharged soldiers
who have lost their discharges; which was laid
on the table, the case being provided for in a
general bill already passed.
Also adversely on House joint resolution
No. 255, to provide longevity rations; which
was laid on the table, the case having been
provided for in a bill already passed.
OLIVER LUMPHREY.
Mr. SCHENCK also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill for the relief of Oliver
Lumphrey; which was read a first and. second
time.
'The bill directs the Paymaster General to
pay to Oliver Lumphrey, late a lieutenant in
the first New York cavalry, a sum equal to tho
pay of a first lieutenant in the United States
cavalry, from 1st March, 18G5, to 1st June,
18G5, deducting therefrom any amount which
he may have received as a non-commissioned
officer or private during the same time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and'
read a third time; and being engrossed, it. was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider (he
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAYMENT TOR HORSES.
Mr. SITGREAVES, from the Committee
on IWlitary Affairs, reported a bill to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide for the pay-
ment of horses and other property lost in the
military service of the United States," ap-
proved JIareh 3, 1849 "which was read a first
and second time.
The bill provides that the act to which it is
a supplement shall, from tho commencement
of the late rebellion, extend to and embrace
the cases of all horses lost, killed, or disabled,
lay drowning or otherwise; provided it shall
appear that such loss occurred without any
fault or negligence on the part of the*owner,
and while lie was in the line of duty as an
officer, non-commissioned officer, or soldier.
Mc. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I sug-
gest lo the gentleman from New Jersey whether
this bill would not cover the ease of horses lost
during transportation by water? Under the
present law, where a horse is lost for any rea-
son during transportation, except the unavoid-
able dangers of the sea, the ruling of the De-
partment has been that it cannot be paid for.
For example, we bad before our committee a
case of this nature : a liorso was being trans-
ported on board a steamboat on the Mississippi
river, and no railing had been put up on the
side of the boat. During the night an acci-
dent occurred, and the horses and mules on
board became frightened, and one horse was
kicked overboard. The committee decided
that the law did not cover that case.
Mr. SITGREAVES. This bill provides for
all cases of lost horses.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SITGREAVES muved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SETTLEMENT OF OFFICERS' ACCOUNTS.
Mr. MARSTON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do not pass, a joint resolu-
tion to facilitate the settlement of officers' ac-
counts ; and the same was laid on the table.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. MARSTON also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do not pass, bill of the House No.
1014, to amend an act entitled "An act making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30,1800;" and the same
was laid on the table.
BOUNTY OF PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. MARSTON also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do not pass, bill of the House No.
975, for the payment of bounty to the soldiers
of the one hundred and eighty-sixth Pennsyl-
vania volunteers; and the same was laid on
the table.
TENNESSEE INDEPENDENT SCOUTS.
Mr. MARSTONffroin the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, also reported a bill for the relief
of Captain Beaty's company of independent
scouts; which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering tho bill,
with its preamble, to be engrossed and road a
third time.
The preamble states that David Beaty, of
Fentress county, Tennessee, on the 2-5th of
January, 1862, organized a company of inde-
pendent scouts, numbering one hundred and
two men, including himself as captain, and his
first and second lieutenants ; that the company
was on continuous duty, engaged in the work .
of suppressing the rebellion, from the date of
its organization until the 1st day of Juno,
18(55, serving under the orders of the com-
mander of the Union Army in Tennessee ; that
said company was never mustered into the ser-
vice of the United States by any properly au-
thorized mustering officer, and neither officers
nor privates of said company have ever re-
ceived from the Government of the United
States any compensation for their services.
The bill provides that the organization set
forth in the foregoing preamble shall bo recog-
nized as a part of tho military force of the
United States, engaged in suppressing the re-
cent rebellion, and tho members thereof, on
making proof of actual service, are declared to
be entitled to the same pay, bounty, pensions,
and other allowances as though they had been
regularly mustered into the service of the
United States.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would like to hear from
some member of the Committee on Military
Affairs whether this was a regularly organized
company under the laws of tho United States,
or whether it was merely an organized guerrilla
party ?
Mr. MARSTON. It was not an organized
company under the laws of the United States ;
it was never regularly mustered into tho service.
But Captain Beaty raised this company in Jan-
uary, 18G2, and continued in the service of the
United States, acting under the authority of
the military commander of Tennessee all the
time until June, 18G5.
Mr. LE BLOND. Did he act in the mil-
itary organization and under tho proper officers?
If so, I have no objection to make.
Mr. MARSTON. I have here the letters of
General Thomas and General Burnside, under
whom they acted, recommending this bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to suggest to the gen-
tleman from New Hamsphire [Mr. Marston]
to amend his bill so as to require the proof to
be submitted in such form as may be prescribed
by the Secretary of War.
Mr. MARSTON. That will be so at all
events, because no one else can prescribe what
testimony shall bo furnished.
Tho preamble and bill were then ordered to
bo engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, they were accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. MARSTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill and preamble were
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RETIRED ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. MARSTON. The House referred _ to
the Committee on Military Affairs the petition
of some thirty or forty persons of Philadelphia,
asking the repeal of the law which retires offi-
cers of the Army at a certain age, and that no
