1867.
1OT CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
170?
only the small amount of eighty or ninety dol-
lars allowed them by law. I hope, therefore,
the gentleman will not insist upon his amend-
ment.
Mr. HOG AN. I do not wish to embarrass
the proposition offered by the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs.^ I simply
wished to make a statement. The opinion I
have is that some of the Missouri troops were
discharged in Texas and some of them in
Georgia and South Carolina. As I have
learned from them, they received no compen-
sation nor transportation home. _ I have not,
however, had the matter investigated, and I
may have been misinformed in regard to it.
Under existing circumstances, therefore, I
deem it advisable to withdraw the proposition
I made rather than to embarrass the amend-
ment.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment of the Senate, as
amended, was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move a committee of
conference.
The nSotion was agreed to ; and Messrs.
Stevens, Banks, and Shellabarger were
appointed conferees on the part of the House.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. DENISON, the papers rel-
ative to the claim of Captain John Reich&rd
were withdrawn from the files of the Hpuse.
bankrupt bill.
Mr. JENCKES submitted the following
report from a committee of conference :
The committee of conference 01^ the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill to establish a
uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States (H. R. No. 598) having met, after full and free
conference have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective Houses, as follows :
That the Senate recede from their amendment No.
26 to the thirty-third section of said bill.
That the House recede from its non-concurrence
with the Senate in the other amendments made to
said bill by the Senate, and concur in the same.
THOMAS A. JENCKES,
HENRY L. DAWES,
Mttnafl'T* on the part of the Hotue.
LUKE P. POLAND,
EDWIN D. MORGAN.
JAMES A. MeDOUGALL,
Manager* on the part of the Scnmtc.
Mr. MAYN ARD. I rise to make an inquiry
of the Chair. Can we divide the question so
as to vote for some of these propositions and
against the others.
The SPEAKER. A conference report most
be voted upon as a whole.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will a motion to lay the
conference report on the table be in order?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion would be
4n order at the proper time; but the gentleman
from Rhode Island [Mr. Jexckes] is now
entitled to the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wonld inquire what
would be the effect of a motion to lay this re-
port on the table.
The SPEAKER. The effect would be, if
carried, to take the bill with it, and for that
reason the bill must always be present when
the report of the committee of conference is
considered.
Mr. JENCKES. This report is precisely the
recommendation of the select committee of
this House upon this subject. I now ask a
vote upon it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to lay the report
of the committee of conference on the table,
and upon that motion I call for the yeaa and
nays.
Mr. CONIvLING. I would appeal to the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] to
withdraw for a moment his motion to lay the
report on the table in order to enable the gen-
tleman Rhode Island [Mr. Jexckes] to state
to the House, as I suppose he is very well pre-
pared to do, what are the points of difference
and what are the points of agreement in re-
spect to this bill between the two Houses, so
that we may know precisely what we vote to
lay on the table or what we vote to concur in.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have no objections I
will withdraw my motion to lay on the table
for that purpose.
Mr. JENCKES. On a former occasion I
explained to the House these amendments
very fully, and therefore to-night I did not
consider it necessary to take up the time of
the House at this late hour of the session in
repeating what I then said. I will state, how-
ever, that although the amendments of the
Senate are somewhat numerous, yet more
than nine tenths of them are formal and ver-
bal only, correcting the text, making more
! clear what was supposed to be not clear
enough, and excluding here and there some
redundant words. In fact, there are but two es-
sential changes involved in the Senate amend-
ments. One is the changing of the appoint-
ment of the officers called registrars from the
circuit court of the United States to the dis-
trict courts of the United States, still retain-
ing, however, the clause which provides that
these officers shall be appointed upon the
nomination and recommendation of the Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States. It seemea to the committee of this
House to be immaterial whether these officers
were appointed by the circuit or the district
courts of the United States so long as their
nomination and recommendation remained
where the House provided it should remain,
in the control of the Chief Justice.
The only other amendment of any conse-
quence was in relation to the restricting clause
applicable to corporations, confining it to
moneyed, business; and trading corporations,
which has been made more definite by the
amendment of the Senate. There was another
clause in the House bill which provided that
if bankruptcy should occur more than one year
after this act should take effect the bankrupt
should not receive his discharge unless he ob-
tained a certificate of recommendation from a
majority of his creditors, or paid fifty per cent,
upon theclaims against hira. The Senate struck
out that provision. The committee of confer-
ence recommend that the Senate recede from
that amendment, leaving the bill in that respect
as it passed the House.
These are the only material amendments
which have been made to the bill. I do not
consider it important to detain the House to
explain the merely verbal or formal amend-
ments. In the view of the House committee
who considered the subject they were improve-
ments upon the text of the bill, and in no in-
stance did they make any alteration in the prin-
ciple or scope of the bill. These, the only
essential points of difference, having been
reconciled by the agreement of the confer-
ance committee, I hope that the report will
be agreed to. I demand the previous question,
j Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to state that in
| making the motion to lay the report on the
table, 1 do it in a spirit of hostility to the bill
and for the purpose of defeating it. I ask for
the yeas and nays on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 71, nays 83, not voting
86 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Awona, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
Baker, Barker, Bingham, Blaine, Bromwell. Broom-
all, Campbell, Reader W. Clarko, Cobb, Coopor, Cul-
lem.Defrees,Delano, Denison, Dumont,Eokley, Eld-
ridge, Farquhar, Finck, Garfield, Abner C. Harding,
Hawkins, Hayes, Hill, Hise, Chester D. Hubbara,
James R. llubbcll, Ingersoll, Julian, Kerr, Koontz,
Kuykendall, Latham, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Le Blond, Loan. Lynch, Marshall, Mars-
ton, Maynard, McClnrg, Mercnr, Miller, Morrill.
Moulton. Myers, Niblack, O'Neill, Orth.Paine. Pat-
terson, Perham, Pike, Price. William II. Randall,
Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck. Rhanklin, Shellabarger.
Stevens, Stokes, Andrew H. Ward, William B.Wash-
burn, Welker, Whaley, and James P. Wilson—-71.
NAYS — Messrs. Alley. Allison, Aineu, Banks,
Baxter, Beaman, Bergen. Bidwell, Blow, Boutwell,
Boyer, Brandegee, Buckland, Bundy, Cnanler, fcitt-
ney Clarke. Conkling. Darling, Davis.
son, Deming, Dixon. Dodge, Donnelly, Emoh *  rn -
worth. Ferry, Ulosshrenner. Goodyear. Gnswold,
Hale, Ilart, tligby, Hogan, Holmes.
kis*, Dcmas Hubbard, John 11. Hubbard, Edwin If.
MubbeU, Uulbnrd. Humphrey, Uuoter, Jenokes,
Jones, Ketley, Ketcham, Laflm. Lonayear, Marvin,
McRucr, Moorhead, Morris, Newell. Pomer
neroy, Rad-
ford, Raym«m4, Alexander H. Rio©, Jokn H. Rice,
Roger*. Soefield, Sloan, Spakliag, Starr, Strouse,
Taber, Nelson Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John
L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson,
Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Hamilton Ward.
Warner, Henry D. Washburn, Went worth, Wood-
bridge, and Wright—83.
NOT VOTINTS—Messrs. Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley, Baldwin, Benjamin, Cook, Culver, Driggs, Eg-
gleston, Grinnell, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hender-
son, Asahel W. Hubbard, Kasson, Kelso, Leftwicli,
MeCullough, Melndoe, McKee, Nicholson, Noell,
Phelps, Plants, Samuel J. Randall, Hitter. Ross,
Rousseau. Sitgreaves. Stilwell, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Robert T. Van Horn, Elihu B. Washburne, Wil-
liams, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Win-
field—36.
So the House refused to lay the report on
table.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. EGGLESTON. On this question I
have paired with the gentleman from Michi-
gan, Mr. Driggs. If ne were here he would
vote "no," and I would vote "ay."
Mr. COOK. I am paired on this question
with the gentleman from Iowa, Mr. Kasson.
If he were here he would vote against the
motion to lay on the table, and I would vote in
favor of that motion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to announce
that my colleague, Mr. Plants, is absent from
the House by reason of illness.
Mr. McKEE. On this question I am paired
with the gentleman from Maryland, Mr.
Phelps. If he were present he would vote
against this motion, and I should vote in favor
oi it.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The question recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question on agreeing
to the report of the committee of conference.
Mr. BLAINE (at half past ten o'clock p.
m.) moved that the House adjourn.
On the motion, there were—ayes 58, noes 59.
Mr. BLAINE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. Before the vote is taken
on this motion to adjourn, I wish to say that it
is highly desirable that the House should
remain in session for perhaps half an hour
longer, as we expect the tax bill to be returned
from the Senate with various amendments.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeaa 57, nays 91, not voting
42 ; as follows :
. YEAS —Messrs. Allison, A neon a, Arneil, Delos
R. Ashley, Baker, Barker, BinghAm. Blaine, Boyer,
Bromwell, Campbell, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cooper, Dcfrees, Delano, Eck-
ley, Eggleston, Eldndge, Farquhar, Finek, Garfield,
Abner 0. Harding, Hawkins, Hill, Hise, Ingersoll,
Kerr, Ivoonti, Latham, George V.Lawrence. William
Lawrence, Loan, Morston, Maynard, JlcClurg, .Mc-
Kee, Mercur, Nicholson, Orth, Patterson. Perham,
Pike, Price, William H. Randall, Rollins, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scafield, Shellabarger, Sloan, Stokes, An-
drew H. Ward. Welker, and James F. Wilson—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ames. James M.Ashley,
Banks, Baxter, Beaman, Bergen, Bidwell, Blow,
Boutwell, Brandegee. Broomall, Buckland, Chanlor,
Conkling, Darling, Davis, Dawson, Deming, Dixon,
Dodge, Donnelly, Dumont, Eliot, Famsworth. 1' er-
ry, Goodyear, Griswold, Hale, Hart, Hayes, Hogao.
Holmes. Hooper, Hotchkiss, Chester IX Hubbard.
Dcmas tlubbsrd. John H. Hubbard. Bdwin N. Hub-
bell, James R. llubbell, Holbnrd, Humphrey. Hun-
ter, Jenckes. Jones, Julian, Kelley, Ketcham, Kuy-
kendall, Laflin. Le Blond, Longycar, Lynch, Marvin,
McRucr Miller, Moorhead, Morrill. Morris. Myers,
Howell. O'Neill, Paine. Pomeroy, Radford. Alexan-
der H. Rice. John H. Rice, Rogers, Ross, Spalding,
Starr, Strouse, Taber, Nelson Taylor, Thayer, Fran-
cis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton .Trimble.
Trowbridge, tlpson. Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Hamilton Ward, Henry D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Wontworth, Williams, Stephen F. Wil-
son, Woodbridge, and Wright—91.
N OT V OTIN (J—Messrs. Anderson, Baldwin. Benja-
min, Bundy, Cullom, Culver, Danes, Denison, Driggs,
Glossbrenner, tirinnell, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hen-
derson, Higby, Asahel W. Hubbard, Kasson. Kelso,
Leftwich, Marshall, McCilHougb. Melndoe, Moulton.
Niblack, Noell, Phelps, Plants, Samuel J. Randall.
Raymond, Ritter, Rousseau, Shanklin, Sitereaves,
Stevens, Stilwell, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Robert T.
Van Horn, Warner, Elihu B. Washburn*, Whaley.
Windom, and Winfield—&
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on seconding the pre-
vious question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
82, aayaM.
