268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
January 4,
but I understand it to have been the opinion
of the friends of the original measure, and of
course of the friends of the bill which is now
upon your table, that that section is operative
and does give the President powers which he
hafr not under the Constitution. I propose,
first, to examine the constitutional question;
and secondly, assuming that that question
should be decided as I suppose the friends of
the measure upon your table think it should be
decided, to examine into the expediency of
adopting this hill at this time.
When the subject was before us prior to the
recess, I asked my friend from Illinois, the chai r-
man of the Judiciary Committee, if he proposed
to repeal the section upon the ground that it
gave powers to the President which he had not
or whether he supposed it was within the au-
thority of Congress to take from the President
any powers which he has with reference to the
subject by the Constitution. The latter ques-
tion he of coarse answered in the negative.
He told us, and told us correctly, as he always
means to do, that the power of pardon vested
in the President by the Constitution cannot by
legislation be taken from him j, and for the
same reason I have no doubt he would admit
that it cannot be in any way limited of quali-
fied. It is vested in him alone in his official
capacity as President.
. JThe Senate are not to be told that in the
deliberations of the convention by which the
Constitution was framed this particular clause
in it was the subject of some contrariety of
opinion. Some of the members of the conven-
tion believed that if the power of pardon should
exist at ail (and most of them did think that it
should exist, contrary to the opinion, I think,
of Montesquieu or some of the European writers
that the power should not exist in'a republic
because there is no necessity- for it) it should
* be vested not in the President alone or in any
of the departments of the Government alone,
but that it should be given to the President, if
given to him at all, in connection with some
of the other departments or some branch of
one of the other departments. They, however,
came to the conclusion, and I believe that con-
clusion received the unanimous assent finally
of the convention, that it was much more
desirable to give it to the President alone, and
so it was given. From the nature of the power
it must, I think, be very evident that it is not
only in the President but in the President
exclusively.
The power of pardon cannot be under the
same Government well given to any two de-
partments of such Government. It must be
given to one to the exclusion of all others, and
if given to one to the exclusion of all others
the decision of one, whether to grant the
pardon of to refuse the pardon, must be con-
clusive. In our Government the only possi-
ble control that Congress can have over offenses
created by statute is after the offenses have
been, committed, if they shall be committed,
aisd they desire that they shall not be prose-
cuted, or after they have been prosecuted and
prior to final judgment, to repeal the statute.
The statute being repealed, no prosecution can
be instituted if none has been instituted, and
every proseeution that has been instituted
necessarily falls. That has been decided over
and over again. But that is not the exercise
of the pardoning power—it is the mere exer-
cise of the legislative power of Congress.
Being alone authorized to pass the law which
creates the offense and imposes the penalty,
they are alone the judges to determine whether
that law should continue or not, and if they
resolve that it shall not continue and repeal
under that opinion the law antecedently passed
no prosecution can be made under it in the
future and all pending prosecutions at once
fall.
The power, then, of the President to par-
don is not only comprehensive of every variety
of offense which may be subject to prosecution
unless pardoned, but is granted to him in terms
as comprehensive as the English language per-
mits. How he is to execute the power is not
stated. Whether he is to execute it at all is
necessarily not stated. When he is to execute
it is also not stated. Now, in the absence of
any particular specification of the mode in
which the power is to be exerted, it would
seem to follow that it may be exerted in any
mode by which the President can make known
to the public or to the Government what his
opinion is in relation to the offenses which he
professes to pardon.
I understood my friend from Illinois the
other day as stating that he supposed when
Congress passed the section which we are now
asked to repeal, some doubt was entertained
whether, in the absence of any congressional
authority, the President could pardon by proc-
lamation, or whether he could grant an am-
nesty by proclamation. I answered that the
other day by suggesting that in the absence of
any particular specification of the mode in
which the power to pardon was granted, it
might be exercised in any mode by which the
President could make known his will. The
usual mode in which it is exercised is by grant-
ing to each individual offender a pardon: that
is issued under the great seal, and unless the
party pardoned thinks proper to accept it and
after accepting it, in the event of prosecution
thinks proper to plead it, he stands, as far as
the prosecution is concerned, as an unpardoned
offender; but that is only because a pardon of
that description is in the nature of a convey-
ance, a deed of which the courts can have no
notice. The courts cannot take notice what
pardons there are, if any, in the State Depart-
ment. Like every other fact, therefore, exist-
ing in pais it must be brought to the attention
of the tribunal before whom the question may
be raised by evidence in pais. That evidence
in cases of this description is, as I have stated,
the pleading and the production in support of
the plea of a pardon under seal.
That is not applicable to a proclamation of
the President. All proclamations whieh the
President is authorized to make, no matter
what may be the subject of the proclamations,
operate as laws, and the courts are bound to
take notice of them. It was upon that prin-
ciple that the Supreme Court in the prize cases
and all the circuit courts before whom cases of
that kind arose noticed the proclamations
which from time to time were issued by the
President in relation to the rebellion. The
act of 1861 authorized the President by proc-
lamation to proclaim certain ports of the
States in insurrection in a state of blockade.
The courts said that that proclamation was a
matter of which the courts were bound to take
notice without any pleading, just as they would
be bound to take notice of a law passed by
Congress on a subject over which Congress
has jurisdiction. When, therefore, a pardon
or an amnesty is granted by proclamation every
court in the land and every department of the
Government is bound to know of its existence
and to give the party the benefit of it, pro-
vided the President is authorized to grant par-
don by proclamation.
Now, what doubt can there be about that?
In the case of Wells, to which my friend from
Illinois referred, reportedin 18 Howard, (where
the immediate question before the court was
whether the President under the power to par-
don had a-right to pardon conditionally, and
the court came to the conclusion that he had
that right;) they came to it in part upon the
ground that the extent of the power was to be
ascertained by recurring to the power and the
manner in which it was executed in England
at the time the Constitution was adopted; and
as in England it appeared that from time to
time the King had granted a pardon upon con-
dition ; affld as the Constitution in no manner
restrained the exercise of the power by the
President, but contented itself with vesting in
him the entire power, he could, as the King
could, exert that power conditionally.
The same reasoning evidently applies to the
case before us, because as the Senate past be
apprised—I am snre nobody knows it better
than my friend from Illinois—the English mon-
arch from time to time has granted pardon and
granted amnesty by proclamation; and the
passage which I read from the seventy-fourth
number of the Federalist the other day shows
that one of the reasons for vesting the power
in the President was that it might be important
at certain stages of an insurrection in order to
the quelling of the insurrection to proclaim
pardon to all the parties who might be engaged
in it; and that could, only be done, not by
granting a pardon to each individual insurrec-
tionist, for they could not be found out, but by
a general statement on the part of the Presi-
dent in the form, of a proclamation that all who
should turn out to have been involved in the
insurrection were to be considered as pardoned.
I am at a loss, therefore, to imagine, as far
as the legal question is concerned, upon what
plausible ground^ the necessity for passing the
section which it is proposed to repeal was then
placed, and of course I f*m at a loss to imagine
upon what possible ground the repeal of that
section can be placed consistent with the doc-
trine that, independent of that section, the whole
power which the .section proposes to give is
already in the Executive.
I do not know, for he did not use it in con-
nection with this particular question, whether
my friend from Illinois is under the impression
that what he supposes to be an absence of im-
plied power in the Executive has any bearing
on the question before us. In presenting some
days since a memorial from certain persons
claiming to be almost the exclusive loyalists of
some of the southern States I understood the
honorable chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary, in contesting the authority of the
President to organize governments iu the States
that had been in insurrection, to do it upon the
ground that there was an absence of any implied
power in the President, and that the only de-
partment of the Government which is clothed
with a power of that kind is the legislative
department, and that that department possesies
it by virtue of the general clause which gives
to Congress the power to pass all laws which
may be necessary and proper to carry into effect
the powers specifically delegated.
In this, as I think, the honorable chairman
is clearly in error. The clause to which he
refers has no operation whatever. It was so
considered by the authors of the Federalist in
one of the numbers by whieh they endeavored
to satisfy the people of the country that the
Constitution should be accepted. It has been
held to give no additional power to Congress
by every commentator upon the Constitution
who has written upon the subject since, and by
the unanimous opinion of the Supreme Court
in the case of McCulloch vs. the State of Mary-
land, reported in 4 Whcaton. Mr. Justice
Story, in his Commentaries, third volume,
section twelve hundred and thirty-two, in deal-
ing with the meaning of this clause, says, in so
many words that the authority of Congress with-
out this provision would have been the same as
it is with it. He tells us—and we can all see
the force of the proposition—that the power to
do anything vested in any body of men, whether
governmental or otherwise, is the faculty to do
the particular thing, the right to choose any
means proper to accomplish the end not ex-
pressly inhibited. A mere power without the
means to execute the power would be an ab-
surdity ; and consequently, as the power to
pardon, or any other power conferred on the
President, or any power conferred upon Con-
gress to do anything without the authority in
each to carry out the particular object for
which the power was created, would be a gross
absurdity.
But my friend from Illinois is mistaken, as
I think, on another ground, in supposing, if he
does.suppose, that with reference to this ques-
tion there is a difference between Congress and
the Executive. The powers conferred upon
Congress in the very first section of the first
article are stated to be only such as are therein
delegated. The power conferred upon the Presi-
dent is stated in the very first section of the
third article to be " the executive power;" and
