1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
if I am not mistaken, upon every occasion when
the power of the Executive was called in ques-
tion because trenching upon that of Congress,
or when Congress claimed for itself a power
whieh was supposed to trench upon that con-
ferred on the Executive, the difference in the
terms in which the powers conferred upon the
Legislature were conferred, and those in which
the powers conferred on the President were
conferred, has been relied upon as conclusive
for the purpose of showing, first, that in the one
case no power can be exerted except such as is
delegated expressly or by fair implication, and
ijt the other that all power executive iu its na-
ture, necessary to carry out the objects of the
government as far as they are to be carriedout
through the instrumentality of the Executive,
is vested in the Executive. That is stated with
his usual felicity of language (and not contra-
dicted by Mr. Madison in his reply) by Mr.
Hamilton in the first number of his celebrated
Pacificus letters. I will read a sentence or two
from that letter. The question which he was
discussing was the authority of the President by
proclamation to announce to the world as well
as to ourselves the determination of the United
States to remain neutral in the war then being
waged abroad. The authority of the President
to issue that proclamation was at that time
assailed with as much violence—I will not say
Scurrility, for that is never used anywhere in
these days—as has been the action of the
President of the United States or the Supreme
Court of the United States; and Mr. Hamilton,
in meeting the objection that the power was not
one which the President had the authority to
use, said:
"The difficulty of a complete enumeration of all
the cases of executive authority would naturally dic-
tate the use of general terms, and would render it
improbable that a specification of certain particu-
lars was designed as a substitute for those terms,
when antecedently used. The different mode of ex-
pression employed in the Constitution in regard to
the two powers, the legislative and the executive,
serves to confirm this inference. In the article which
gives the legislative powersof the Government the ex-
pressions are,4 All legislative powers herein granted
shall be vested in a Congress of the United States/
In that whieh grants the executive power the expres-
sions are, ' The executive power shall be vested in a
President of the United States.'
"The enumeration ought therefore to be consid-
ered as intended merely to specify the principal arti-
cles implied in the definition of executive power,
leaving the rest to flow from the general grant of
that po«r, interpreted in conformity with other
parts of the Constitution and with the principles of
free government.
"The general doctrine of our Constitution, then, is
that the executive power of the nation is vested in
the President, subject only to the exceptions and
qualifications which are expressed in the instru-
ment."
In the very able letters published by Mr.
Madison in reply to the letters of Pacificus, he
not only does not question the correctness of
that doctrine, but almost in words admits it.
And to refer to a judicial decision, not because
any name could add to the name of Hamilton
upon a subject of this description, in a judicial
decision pronounced by Mr. Justice-Nelson,
since the war closed, in a case which was tried
in the southern district of New York, the learned
judge said that the authority which the Presi-
dent had exercised in the organization of gov-
ernments in the southern States by means of
provisional governors with authority to _ call
Legislatures around them was justified by virtue
of the executive power with which he was
clothed, and that that continued until the war
terminated; that occurring, that is to say on the
termination of the war, the Constitution was
replaced in all its integrity, and the States where
insurrection had prevailed before and which had
been under the supervision of those govern-
ments were thereafter to be governed exclu-
sively by the people under State constitutions
framed by themselves. And in substance such
is the result to which, logically considered, the
recent decision of the Supreme Court in the case
of Milligan leads us. In the opinion of the
majority of the court—not to be surpassed, in
my judgment, by any opinion pronounced by
any judge in any former case in that tribunal—
it is stated that the Constitution was made as
well for war as for peace; that there was no
power whatever conferred upon thffExecutive
or upon Congress during a state of war which
would authorize them to transcend any of the
specificguarantees contained in that instrument
of the rights of the citizen or the rights of the
States. Flagrante bello itmightbein the power
of the military commander, whoever he might
be, leading the armies or of the President of the
United States, to declare martial law; but it
must be confined to the necessity existing at the
time and limited to the area covered by that
necessity. That learned tribunal, speaking
through Mr. Justice Davis, gets rid of the doc-
trine, as far as a judicial opinion can do so, whieh
has been so much in vogue during the existence
of the war, that Congress and the Executive
obtain power during a war from necessity,
independent of constitutional obligation. As
well might it be contended, I think, that the
judiciary of the United States could claim upon
the ground of necessity a jurisdiction which the
Constitution of the UnitedStates does not confer
upon them.
That beipg the case, the President of the
United States having the power to pardon, and
that power from its very nature being exclusive
of any authority over the same subject by Con-
gress, or if the power to pardon is not supposed
to be in words given so as to authorize its ex;
ercise by means of a proclamation or so as to
authorize the -President to grant by proclama-
tion what is called an amnesty, he possesses
(at least as implied under the power conferred
upon him to pardon) the power to do it by
proclamation or to do it in the form of an am-
nesty. That there is any impropriety in grant-
ing a pardon or an amnesty in that form will
hardly be pretended by Congress. The very
section which you propose to repeal professes
to give to the President that very power. Con-
gress, therefore, at that time, assuming as they
did assume that it was with them to give the
power, supposed that the exigency of the
country at the moment required that the power
should be exerted in the way in which they in
terms authorized the President to exert it—by
proclamation or by amnesty.
I would, therefore, as I said in the begin-
ning, not for a moment question the propriety
of repealing this section, if the friends of the
measure supported it upon the ground that it
conferred no power, because the whole power
was already in the President. I have no doubt
that the power is in the President, and if the
Attorney General or his predecessor had lis-
tened to my opinion or advice, or if the present
incumbent of the executive chair had done so,
he would have exerted the power long ago.
My opinion then was—and I communicated it
to the President, but with no avail, although
he apparently agreed to its propriety—that the
true interest of the country demanded that he
should declare a general amnesty, of course by
proclamation, excepting, however, one or more
cases as he might think proper in order to have
the two questions tried which a trial of any
parties who were engaged in the rebellion will
necessarily present, namely: First, whether
there exists in a State a right to secede; and
second, if there does not, whether in the case
of the particular rebellion which culminated
into a gigantic war, a war of such dimensions
that the United States were obliged to consider
the insurrections as public enemies, to deal
with them as such, to treat with them as such,
to exchange prisoners with them as such, per-
sons engaged in it did not after such recogni-
tion in all respects with reference to the offense
of treason stand in the same situation in whieh
parties would be placed if charged with that
offense who were warring against the United
States when they had done so as the subjects
of another nation in an international war.
I thought then, and I think now, for that
was my own individual opinion, that upon the
first of these questions the opinion of the Su-
preme Court would be unanimous. I have
seen no reason to change that impression.
Upon the second I thought it quite doubtful
what the opinion of the court might be. Some
of the best jurists in the country, many of them
members of the Republican party, some of the
ablest jurists in England having no particular
hostility to the United States of which I am
aware, have expressed the opinion that the
moment belligerent rights were acknowledged
to belong to the confederacy the commission
of treason became impossible. Some of tile
public men who belong to the Republican
party, and who perhaps have been very instru-
mental in building it up, have so expressed
themselves; among others, Mr. (Jerri tt Smith,
whose honesty of purpose nobody who has con-
sidered his conduct and examined what from
time to time he has given to the public can
doubt, has expressed the same opinion in I
believe more than one well considered apd
ably written letter. I am not, therefore, pre*,
pared to say what the opinion of the Supreme
Court upon that question will be if it shall
ever be presented to them; but upon the first
question, which I deem it very desirable should
be settled by the judicial determination of tike
highest court in the land, I entertain no doubt
that that judgment will be against the.right to
secede as not only not reserved to the States,
but as necessarily fatal to any union of States
in which the right of a State to secede from it
may be reserved. And the history of this
bygone confederation illustrates that that must
be the result of such a provision.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is Senate bill No. 47$.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am in the hands of the
Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator desires
to go on, I move that that bill be postponed
for the present.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would rather go on. I
shall not speak more than half an hour.
Mr. SUMNER. There is no objection to
the postponement of the bill, which is the un-
finished business.
The PRESIDENT jpro tempore. It is moved
that the special order of the day, being the un-
finished business of yesterday, be postponed for
the present.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. But, Mr. President, from
some cause, of which I know nothing, whatever
I may suspect, that advice of mine was not
taken. A general amnesty has not been pro-
claimed and nobody has been tried. The fail-
ure to proclaim the amnesty, if it be censur-
able at all, is to be visited upon the President.
The failure to obtain a trial of any of these
offenders is not to be attributed to him. He
has no power to enforce a trial. The party
must be indicted. That depends upon the
grand jury. After indictment, he must be tried;
that depends upon the court before whom the
indictment is pending. If from any cause the
court cannot be held, the fault is not with the
President ; it is either with the legislative
department of the Government, or with the
judicial department. But I cannot help saying
here, for it has wounded my sensibility as an
American citizen, that I think it is a reproach
to American justice that there should have
been incarcerated now for nearly two years,
whatever may have been his offense, a man
of a delicate "frame, selected by six or seven
millions of people to take charge of this rebel-
lion, upon a charge of treason. That he should
be indicted for it, invoke a trial, not only chal-
lenge but pray for a trial, and. still be im-
mured, is a reproach to American justice that
if existing in any nation of Europe would call
down condign punishment upon the parties
concerned in it.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the honorable Senatof
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. JOHNSON. With pleasure.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to ask the_ honor
able Senator from Maryland whether it be not
a fact that Jefferson Davis, to whom te alludes,
was captured as a prisoner of war, and has,
since the time of his capture, been held under
the orders of the President of the L nifced
States as a prisoner of war; and if he be a
