1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1033
Mr. ROUSSEAU moved to reconsider the
vbte by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
twenty-first new york cavalry.
Mr. ANCONA, from the same committee,
reported back House bill No. 1003, for the
relief of the members of the twenty-first New
York cavalry, with an amendment.
The bill directs the payment to the privates
and non-commissioned officers of the twenty-
first Mew York cavalry, for traveling expenses
from Colorado Territory, where they were mus-
tered out in 186G, to the place of enrollment,
the sum of ยง250 each, deducting the amount
paid for commutation of traveling expenses.
The amendment was to add the following
proviso:
Provided, however. That the payment shall only bo
made to such members of said organization who did
not elect to bo mustered and discharged at the ren-
dezvous where the regiment was to be mustered out:
Provided also. The foregoing shall bo extended to
the first regiment of Michigan cavalry authorized to
be paid by section ten of an act making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses, approved July 28,1866.
The amendment was agreed to; and as
amended the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly re^d the third time_, and passed.
Mr. ANCONA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
war debts OF LOYAL STATUS.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to give notice that
at the earliest opportunity I shall call up House
bill No. 998, to reimburse the loj'al States for
troops furnished to the Union Army and for
expenses incurred in the same, for the purpose
of having a vote upon it, not expecting any dis-
cussion. The motion to reconsider has been
entered, and I give this notice so that gentle-
men may not consider the question as being
sprung upon them when I call it up.
Mr. BAND ALL, of Pennsylvania. I sug-
gest to the gentleman to name the day.
Mr. BLAINE. If I can I will do it to-mor-
row; if not I may on Tuesday next.
newsboys' home.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to amend an act establishing
the Newsboys' Home ; which was read a first
and second time time, referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, and or-
dered to be printed.
court op claims.
Mr. DELANO. I ask unanimous consent
to take up from the Speaker's table House
bill No. 902, an act to declare the sense of an
act entitled " An act to restrict the jurisdic-
tion of the Court of Claims and to provide for
the payment of certain demands for quarter-
masters' stores and subsistence supplies fur-
nished to the Army of the United States," for
the purpose of concurring in the amendments
of the Senate.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up, and the amendments of the Senate con-
curred in.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were concurred in ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
' organization oe the house.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask unanimous
consent to take from the Speaker's table House
bill No. 874, to regulate the duties of the Clerk
of the House of Representatives in preparing
for the organization of the House, and for other
purposes.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, and the amendment
of the Senate, to strike out the third section,
was concurred in.
Mr. WILSON, of Iovra, moved to reconsidcr
the vote by which the amendment of the Senate
was concurred in; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
civil'service.
The SPEAKER announced as the next busi-
ness in order the consideration of "bill of the
House No. 889, to regulate the civil service
of the United States and promote the efficiency
thereof, on which Mr. Schexck was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I would
very gladly occupy the attention of the House
for a little while in presenting what I deem to
be the very great merits of this bill, both as a
measure of economy and of wisdom in every
respect, and especially as one which I think
will secure to this country a very much more
equitable administration of all its affairs in the
different departments of the civil service; but
my colleague on the joint select Committee on
Retrenchment, [Mr. jexckes,] who reported
the bill from that committee, has presented
the whole subject in so exhaustive and so sat-
isfactory a manner that I deem any further
discussion so far as representing the views of
the committee to be entirely unnecessary. I
shall therefore content myself with presenting
some two or .three slight amendments to the
bill, and will then yield a portion of'%the hour
to which I am entitled to gentlemen who wish
to be heard on the subject, intending at tlic
close of the hour, if not sooner, to move the
previous question.
I move to amend the bill in section ten by
striking out in lines one and two the words
"all citizens of the United States," and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the words " none but citizens
of the United States, or persons who have
served in the Army of the United States and
been honorably discharged therefrom."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move further to amend
the same section in line three by inserting after
the word "act" the words "or to be retained
if already in service in any Department;" also
in line fourteen by striking out the words '1 from
those of" and inserting the words "the same
as." The section, as amended, will then read
as follows:
S10. And be it further enacted, That none but
citizens of the United States, or persons who have
served in the Army of the United States and been
honorahly discharged therefrom, shall bo eligiblo to
examination and appointment under the provisions
of this act, or to bo retained, if already in service in
any Department, and the heads of the several De-
partments may, in their discretion, designate the
oflicos in the several branshes of the civil service the
duties of which may be performed by females as well
as males, and for all such offices females as well as
males shall be eligible, and may make application
therefor and bo examined, reeoiniaeiMed, appointed,
tried,suspended, and dismissed inmauner a.foresaid;
and the names of those recommended by the exam-
iners shall be placed upon the lists lor appointment
and promotion in tho order of their merit and
seniority, and without, distinction, other than as
aforesaid, the same as male applicants or officers.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. My colleague from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] who desires to move an amend-
ment to the bill, to which I have no objection,
is not present, and in his absence I will yield
the floor to the gentleman from Connecticat,
[Mr. Hubbard,] who desires to speak for five
or ten minutes on this subject.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. Mr.
Speaker, I rise to bespeak the favor of the
House for the bill under consideration. I re-
gard it as one of the most important bills ever
offered here since I first had the honor to take
a seat in this Hall.
It proposes to inaugurate a new system for
the regulation of the civil service of the coun-
try, than which nothing can be more needed.
It does not appear to have been framed by the
distinguished lawyer from Rhode Island, who
has charge of it, in hostility to any party, or
in the interest of any party, but in the interest
of the country and for the best good of all. It
is not only not partisan in its character, but it
seeks to bring down the partisan leader from
his throne. When I contemplate the present
vicious system of appointments and removals,
which tolerates the practice of so much favor-
itism and proscription, engendering so much
dislike and hatred of the Government, when
every one of its acts should be calculated to
inspire sentiments of respect and affection;
when I see how liable the Government is to
suffer in its finances for the want of a more
efficient system, I feel certain that there is now
pressing upon us a great public necessity for
the adoption of the bill. It, is emphatically a
bill to retrench and reform by way of regula-
ting tho civil service of the country, ft may
have defects; if so, they can be remedied by
amendment or by ftiture legislation. It pro-
vides for a systematic examination of candi-
dates for office, which shall be open to all, and
prefers those who shall be found best qualified,
having regard to age, character, and ability.
It provides also for just and reasonable inquiry
in all cases of alleged misconduct of persons
installed in officc, by means of which they may
be relieved from the odium of the charge if
innocent, or may be dismissed from office if
found wanting in fidelity to the Government
or lacking in ability to discharge the duties as-
signed to them. These are the operative fea-
tures of the bill.
It throws wide open the door, and invites all
to come in and compete for the honor of a
place in the civil service of the country. Be
they Republicans or Democrats, they shall be
entitled to wear the medal of merit if found
worthy. Perhaps one of tlie best features of
the bill is that within its scope it kills out
partisanship in appointments to office. As the
proposition comes from the Republican side of
the House, I hope gentlemen of the Democratic
side will accept it and vote for it. I think they
will if they love their country, which I do not
question. I have not been accustomed to call
them disloyal because they differed with me,
radically, in political views.
I will take occasion to state right here that
upon the breaking out of tlic rebellion I raised
a company of men to fight for the flag, and
that one half of them were Democrats. The
company was ordered to New Orleans, and
fought at Irish Bend and at Pott Hudson.
AVben General Banks called for volunteers to
make the second attack upon that impregnable
fortress that company, all that had survived
of it, under its gallant commander, stepped out
to a man and asked to be counted in, and they
were half Democrats. The company was then
ordered to join tho Army of the Potomac, and
with thinned ranks they fought with Sheridan
when the guns of the enemy shook the hills
that skirt the valley in which those three great
and glorious victories were won.
Mr. GRINNELL. What are they now?
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. Most of
the few who survive vote the Republican ticket.
Mr. MILLER. Do any of them vote the
Johnson ticket?
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. No, not
one. A large proportion of that company has
gone down thebourn whence no traveler returns.
Republicans and Democrats fought together,
and died together, and rest in the same grave.
1 speak this because it is the truth. I instance
what transpired in a single case, partly within
my own knowledge, to illustrate what was done
all over the country.
It is certainly true that the people of the
North raised troops to fight tho rebellion with-
out distinction of party. I now propose that
wc shall vote for this bill regulating the sub-
ordinate appointments without distinction of
party. It is a business measure, not a party
one. The gentleman who reports it is as de-
voted a Republican as I am: but I declare I
would vote for it just as quick if it were reported
by any member from the other side of the
Houge.
The bill makes no attack upon executive
powers. It provides that the President shall
appoint the board of examiners by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate. It re-
gards only the subordinate offices, whose name
is legion. It will secure honesty, ability, and
