m
Me congressional globe.
January 4,
mere prisoner of war, detained as such, what
power has the district court of the district in
which he may have committed the crime to
bring him to trial without the consent and
Order of the President of the United States
handing him over to the court which is to try
him; <and how could that court try him unless
the proper prosecuting officer of the court was
willing to undertake the task and did under-
take the task?
Mr. JOHNSON. I can answer the inquiries
of my honorable friend from Michigan without
any great difficulty. If Mr. Davis was a pris-
oner of war merely, he was entitled when the
war ended, by all the usages Of war, to be dis-
charged. Who ever heard of prisoners of war
hi-any civilized country being held in prison
after the war's termination? That is one of
the'grounds on which his immunity from trial
is placed. As to the parties who should bear
the blame, if any blame is to be attached, I
say to the honorable member what, before he
put to me his questions, I had supposed he
knew, that the President of the United States
from time to time has expressed his willingness
to surrender the party into the custody of the
civil magistrates at once, and that they have
declined to receive him, not upon the ground
that they were notwiHing to try him, but upon
the ground.-that between getting possession of
him and his trial his custody would not be
insured.
Mr. HOWARD. Surrender him to whom,
to what officer?
Mr. JOHNSON. Surrender him to the mar-
shal of the district who has had placed in his
hands, or should have had places} in his hands,
a warrant issued upon the authority of the
indictment. From time to time we have been
told that he was to be tried, but from time to
time the trial has been postponed, and at the
latter occasion it was postponed upon the ground
that Congress by changing the circuits had
rendered it impossible for the Chief Justice of
the United States or any circuit judge of the
United States to preside at the trial.
Mr. HOWARD. Can the honorable Sen-
ator inform us whether a capias for the arrest
of Davis has been actually issued and placed
in the hands of the marshal at any time?
Mr. JOHNSON. Whose business was it to
issue the warrant? Was it the business of the
President of'the- United States to issue the
warraTit?
Mr. HOWARD. It was the business of the
court.
Mr. JOHNSON. The court before whom
the indictment was pending was bound to issue
the warrant, and I assume that the warrant was
issued.
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly it was fhe
business of the court to issue the warrant, but
upon the request of Mr. Johnson's prosecuting
officer, whose business it was to press the proae
euiion and accomplish it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Whydidhenot? Ihave
told the honorable member what I suppose to
have been the reason, for it is the only reason
I have seen assigned, that there was no place
in which he supposed the party could be safely
kept; and the President has said, and said
properly, " he may be kept where he is until
you are ready to try him;" but I say, without
reference to whoever may be the cause of the
detention, it is a reproach to American justicc
that he should be suffered to remain in prison
untried upon a charge of that description.
Sir, in the moment of a struggle which
threatened to involve the English empire in
ruins, when what were called revolutionary
societies were filling London and filling the
kingdom, the insignificant men, such as Hardy
and others, were taken up, imprisoned, in-
dicted, and tried without delay. The whole
power of the Crown was exerted for the pur-
pose of producing a conviction, but exerted in
vain. The jury upon pronouncing a verdict
of not guilty received the acclamations of the
thousands who surrounded the tribunal, and
the unsurpassed and eloquent inaa by whom
they were defended was carried, through the
enthusiastic, patriotism of his fellow-subjects,
into his own home in the form of an ovation.
And the English Crown submitted. I am not
the apologist of the President of the United
States. If I had been President of the United
States I would have paroled that prisoner
long since or have bailed him. I would have
said to the world and said to my countrymen
—and I have no doubt as to what would have
been the judgment of every civilized and en-
lightened man within our country's limits—
" I will not keep in prison a man who may die
under my hands unless I can bring him to
trial." If—an event very likely to have hap-
pened—the prisoner had died, or if he were to
die now, the responsibility which would rest
upon the Executive, or upon the nation if the
nation is responsible, would not be less than
that responsibility which was visited upon the
head of Napoleon when he had executed in
the dungeon the Due d'Enghien. But willing
as I am to refer all these mistakes—if mistakes
they be, as I think they are—to an honest
intention, what I maintain is that looking to
the present condition of the country—and a
few words on that subject and I shall have
done—if the section which you propose to
repeal does give the President a power which
he is otherwise without and cannot possess
withont the authority of Congress, this is not
a time to take it from him.
Mr. President, the apparent purpose and the
one to which the country and the world will
attribute the pending measure is, that in the
future hard, inexorable justice is to be meted
out to our southern brethren ; that generosity,
forgiveness, merey, pardon are no longer to
be our policy. These, the greatest virtues
which adorn humanity, it will be said, a nation
claiming to be magnanimous and known to be
all-powerful is resolved hereafter to disregard
in respect to subdued enemies notoriously in
no condition to resist its authority, and uni-
versally disavowing any such design, present
or prospective. That this latter is true, an in-
cident of a recent date strikingly illustrates.
At a dinner in a neighboring southern city, at
which Colonel Lee, a son of the commander-
in-chief of the late confederate forces, was
present, some one proposed to toast '' the fallen
flag." Promptly placing his hand upon the
glass he rose and is stated to have said: '' Gen-
tlemen, this will never do; we are paroled pris-
oners ; we now have but one flag, and that is
the flag of our whole country, the glorious old
Stars and Stripes. I can recognize no other,
fight for no other, and will drink to no other."
These patriotic words touched the hearts of all
who were present, even the one who had pro-
posed the sentiment; and with the universal
approval the toast went unpledged. Are not
such men to be trusted? If not, who are? If
not, may we not well even distrust ourselves?
They are enemies no longer, but soliciting to
be received as friends, not in a debasing, cring-
ing spirit which would dishonor our common
descent, but as brave and honorable men—
men whose gallantry is attested by hundreds
of hard-fought battles and whose ability and
willingness to serve the country were exhibited
in times past on the land and the sea, greatly
contributing to our military and naval renown,
winning for themselves the gratitude of the
whole country, and challenging for themselves
and their equally brave and skillful northern
brethren the admiration of the world.
Toward such citizens is the mere power of a
conqueror to be used ? Are their past services
to be wholly forgotten, their willing obedience
to be contumeliously overlooked, all political
rights to be denied them, and as long as their
conquerors please are they to be the mere serfs
and slaves of brethren whose equals they are by
descent, manhood, and intelligence? If peace
and prosperity be of value (and who can doubt
it?) this is not the mode to attain them. If it
is, all history will be reversed. If it is, men
now are not what they have been from the first
of their political associations. The dullness
brought about by despotism its authors have
at times fancied to be peace; but in the end
they discovered the fatal mistake. Man chained
is a man still. The moment the opportunity
offers (a,nd Providence sooner or later is sure
to offer it) he will cast off his fetters and assert
the rights which nature gives him and be free.
And such a policy is at variance with oar
own history. In the civil commotions which
have heretofore occurred the opposite policy
has been pursued, and with the happiest re-
sults. In the unprovoked rebellion in Massa-
chusetts in 1786, after its actual suppression
by force, clemency toward the offenders was
shown, and all soon became peace, and the
Government because of its clemency was placed
upon a firmer foundation than it had before.
At the termination of our Revolutionary war,
while the land was filled with many dissatisfied
spirits and State laws of a stringent character
had been passed by most of the States, laws
of confiscation, &c., Congressin January, 1784,
passed a resolve " earnestly recommending to
the several States to reconsider and revise all
their acts and laws" so as to render them
"perfectly consistent not only with justice and
equality, but with that spirit of conciliation
which on the return of the blessings of peace
should universally prevail." The same policy
was pursued by Washington in the instance of
the whisky insurrection with the like happy
consequence. Not an offender was executed;
a few only were tried and none seriously pun-
ished.
The history of the European world furnishes
even still more striking examples of the
impolicy of mere force or power and of the
policy of kindness and conciliation. The
Netherlands in the sixteenth century were
lost to Philip II by the ferocious conduct of
Alva: and m that land, under him, the histo-
rian tells us that "the ax, the stake, the
rack, the dungeon knew no rest." His boast
was that he had executed eighteen thousand
six hundred persons. But these executions,
his council of blood, his devastation of the
land ended as in the judgment of Grod such
conduct has ever ended, in defeat. The in-
vader was driven off and the country lost to
the inhuman Philip.
Poland, because of a policy nearly as inhu-
man, "is now but au expense to Russia. She
dreads insurrections; she has vainly endeav-
ored to prevent or guard against them J^y force.
Kindness, conciliation, mercy would long since
have achieved there what they have never
failed to achieve everywhere.
Austria, because of a like stern policy, has
lost her German possessions, andis soon, unless
her treatment of Hungary is changed, to lose
that country, which might be made the source
of wealth and power.
All these examples should lead us to a policy
of kindness, to a proclamation of peace and
amnesty, to a cheerful-reception into oar politi-
cal homestead of the brethren who having
strayed from it are anxious to return. This
done—and the sooner it is done the better—the
desolations the war has caused will be removed,
the power of the country be greatly enhanced,
its prosperity enlarged, and its ability to meet
the expenses the war has entailed upon us placed
beyond all doubt, its credit consequently be put
upon as high if not a higher footing than that
of any other nation in the world, and we be
agaiifwhat God I trust designs us to be, brethren
forever, having but one flag, " the glorious old
Stars and Stripes," to fight for.
Mr. HOWE. Mr, President, about the ques-
tion pending before the Senate I know very
little and care but very little; I have given
very little attention to it; but I made up my
mind some time since that while I had the
honor of a seat on this floor no man should
arraign the Government which has been charged
with the conduct of this war and which is now
charged with the settlement of it with inhu-
manity without an attempt on my part to de-
fend it against the accusation. I care not how
often the Senator from Maryland or any other
Senator entertains or instructs us by the les-
sons which his large reading has furnished him
with of examples of generosity or of magna-
