1034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
efficiency in these offices, and thereby save
millions of dollars to the people every year.
It will furnish a strong incentive to the young
to lead honorable and useful lives. A certifi-
cate of good character and of efficiency from
such a Government board, a board appointed
by the President of the United States, will
help destitute young men to obtain employ-
ment in private life if they fail to get a public
office. Thousands upon thousands of poor
boys will struggle hard and practice much self-
denial to obtain such a prize.
Any one can go before the board, be exam-
ined, and take a certificate of good character
and of ability, if found worthy. Some of the
offices require but little learning, and the cer-
tificate will recommend the applicant for such
a place as he may be qualified to fill, good
character in all cases being indispensable.
The bill comes from one of our most able
committees, reported by its distinguished chair-
man, a gentleman whose great attainments in
the science of political economy, as well as
in the legal profession, whose high personal
character, as well as devoted patriotism, com-
mend his reports to the favorable consideration
of the House. In spite of all his other onerous
duties here he has spent many a weary hour
over this great subject; and whether the bill
shall be adopted or rejected, it will stand as a
monument to perpetuate the memory of his
wisdom and of his devotion to the country so
long as the records of this Congress shall last.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Woodukidge] for
te'n minutes.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. _ Mr. Speaker, the bill
under consideration was introduced before this
body something more than a year ago, and was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, of
which I have the honor to bo a member. It
became my duty, under the direction of that
committee, to examine the bill, and I gave it
that consideration which 1 deemed the import-
ance of the subject demanded. At that time I
came to the conclusion it would be unwise to
pass the measure. My colleagues then on the
committee agreed with mo and instructed me
t.o- report the bill back to the House and ask
that the committee be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration. Out of courtesy, however,
to my friend from Rhode Island [Mr. Jenckus]
such a course was not taken, and the bill was
referred to a select committee, who have now
reported it to the House for its action with
their approval.
As near as I can recollect, the main features
of the bill have not been changed ; and I may
sa,y, in passing, that for its scope, its clearness,
its precision, and its honesty of purpose, it
does groat credit to my friend from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Jenckks,] who is its reputed
author.
The theory of the bill is perfect. It raises a
superstructure which it is delightful to gaze
upon ; and when gilded over, as it has been by
the very able and manly speech of my friend
from Rhode Island, it would seem now to have
become a magnificent house of refuge, into
which the Government ma}' retire and save
itself from all the follies and weaknesses of
human nature. But like all schemes, which
through all lime have been devised to free
social organization from the natural weak-
nesses and wickednesses of man, it wants
foundation.
Poets have described their Arcadia; and yet
no man ever reached one. Speculative and
dreamy philosophers have got up communities
where selfishness should never enter ; where
property should be held in common, and where
the law of love should reign supreme; and
yet no such community ever did exist and
never will in this world, at least until the ar-
rival of that glorious day when "the lion and
the Iamb shall lie down together." Sir, self-
ishness is imbedded in our nature; and I am
sorry to say that often it only wants a little
temptation to be developed into wickedness.
Now, I believe that for the aggregation of men
in the civil service there is no greater corruption
than in other departments of business. Take
the gentleman's own profession, noble, manly,
elevated as it is, no man can enter it who is
not, theoretically at least, of good moral char-
acter, and is possessed of considerable learn-
ing. Every man who does enter it is brought
to reflect and study upon the great cardinal
principles of justice and right. And yet, sir,
in that profession we find the natural selfish-
ness of man out-cropping into wickedness and
corruption. It enters the pulpit itself; it dis-
graces the mdrts of trade; it gets into the
Halls of Congress; and sometimes, I have no
doubt, it soils even the ermine of the judge.
Sir, legislation to prevent corruption in the
civil scrvicc of the Government will be, as
such legislation always has been, a failure.
Under the operation of this bill, if it should
become a law, no department of the Govern-
ment will, in my judgment, be any purer than
it is now.
But, sir, there are other objections to the
bill. One is that it is anti-democratic. My
friend from Rhode Island has said, and it is
undoubtedly true, that Belgium and Prussia
and France and England have a similar sys-
tem of appointing officers to the civil service.
But where is the analogy between England and
this country? That, sir, is a country of aris-
tocracy, a country of classes, wh'ere as a rule
a man cannot rise unless lieisborntopositfon.
In England the coal-heaver of to-day is a coal-
heaver on the day of his death. The boy who
digs in the mines to-day digs in the mines when
his hair is silvered with age. How different
hero 1 The cotton-spinner of to-day floats to-
morrow upon one of our splendid monitors—
the highest achievement of naval architecture
upon the inland seas of Europe. The rail-
splitter of to-day becomes to-morrow the Pres-
ident of the United States. Here the avenues
to position, to power, to wealth, are open to
all, and they ought not by any legislation of
ours to bo closed. In this country the poor
man cannot be kept down. The rich man
and the man elevated by birth, if he has not
the requisite inherent talents, cannot be kept
up. The race is to all men. The avenues are
all open; and 1 think it would be dangerous
for us to close these avenues to the many and
provide a royal road for a fortunate or favored
few.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow
me a word?
Mr. WOODBIUDGE. Yes, sir; although
1 have but little time left.
Mr. STEVENS. As I understand this bill
it provides for an examination of those now in
office.
Mr. WOODBIUDGE. Not necessarily.
Mr. STEVEfNS. And those not found com-
petent on examination are to be turned out.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. The incompetent will
not necessarily be turned out.
Mr. STEVENS. If the report be unfavor-
able to them they are to be turned out.
Mr. WOODBIUDGE. They ought to be.
[Hero the hammer fell. ]
Mr. WOODBIUDGE. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio to allow me a few minutes longer.
Mr. SCHENCK. I give the gentleman an
allowance of five minutes more, on the condi-
tion that he shall confine himself to the prac-
tical view of the question, avoiding the roses
and the poetry. [Laughter.]
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Then, again, it is
said by my friend on the other side that this
bill will prevent removals from office; and
hence I suppose he would argue that it will
give stability to our institutions. Now, sir, I
am not opposed to removals from office. The
power of removal is a power the improper ex-
ercise of which is doubtless dangerous; yet it
is a power the proper exercise of which is
healthful. Now, sir, I believe that there should
be an occasional change even of administra-
tion ; and I mean political changes. I believe
that such changes are the great safety-valve of
a republican form of government. I believe
that if any party should control the Republic
for a hundred years it would fall apart by reason
of its own corruption. The health of the nation
requires that the stable shall be occasionally
cleaned out. Hence I believe that this system
of periodical changes is not a dangerous, but
rather a wholesome system.
Again, sir, what are to be the practical
workings of this bill ? If I understand its pro-
visions correctly it starts out with the ap-
pointment of three commissioners at an an-
nual salary of $5,000 each, with their ex-
penses. They are to have a clerk who is to
receive $2,000 per annum, and a messenger
with a yearly salary of $900. What are to be
the powers of these commissioners? They
are to prescribe the examination to which ap-
plicants for office in the civil service shall be
subjected. They divide the territory of the
United States at their own convenience and
hold their examinations at any point they see
fit. Then, again, they have power to appoint
assistant examiners all over the country,
which I venture to say would create an un-
heard of drain upon the Treasury.
This great traveling menagerie, this inquisi-
torial court, starts out upon its elevating,
reformatory, and retrenchment expedition.
It goes perhaps to my district and to the capi-
tal of my State. A building is hired at the
expense of the Government. The bell is rung
and the school opens, a poor, broken-down old
pensioner of the war of 1812 presents himself
as an applicant for the position of keeper of a
light-house upon our beautiful lake, at a salary
of perhaps a hundred dollars a year, or a
young one-armed soldier, who fought for the
country in the late rebellion, for the post of
watchman in the custom-house, or perhaps a
sweet and modest maiden presents herself for
examination. The messenger ushers her in
before this august tribunal; the clerk calls
upon her to rise and answer the questions pro-
pounded, while he writes out her replies, and
the poor girl, in the modesty of her womanly
nature, shrinks back in fear and disgust and
fails, and is then requested to pay five dollars
to the collector of revenue for the privilege of
appearing before the commissioners of exam-
ination.
But, sir, I do not desire to speak lightly of the
bill. It is drawn with care and with the best in-
tentions. It might work in Belgium, France, or
England, where the masses are mere machines;
but in free America it will never work.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I nowyield fifteen minutes
to the gentleman from Rhode Island.
Mr. JENCKES. -Mr. Speaker, I am not
one of those who believe in the sudden coming
of any millennium, political or other, and do
not expect, if this bill becomes a law, all of
those results which have been painted in such
glowing language by the eloquent gentleman
from Vermont.
When I first entered the public service of
this Government during the war, I could not
but be struck at once at the great difference
between the military and naval administrations
and that of the civil departments. It led me
to inquire into the cause of this great difference,
and to see whether such difference existed in
the systems of other nations. I found that in
England, during the Crimean war, what indeed
I had in part known previously, great com-
plaint existed against the civil service from its
almost total inefficiency, arising, as admitted
and proclaimed, from the vicious mode of
appointments to office in that service.
I learned that the evil in England had almost
been entirely cured, and I looked into her his-
tory to find the reason of the change. I found
it, sir, in the adoption of a wise and practical
system regulating the appointments in the dif-
ferent departments of the civil service. That
complaint was against almost every officer;
then there was a "Tite Barnacle" in every
office trying "how not to do it;" and live men
have been put in office, and in every strain
which has come upon the English civil service
it has responded nobly. I found the same
cause to exist here, and believed I had dis-
covered that the deficiency in our civil service
