1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1035
is the result of the same vicious mode of ap-
pointment._ Acting on that belief, and after
studying with great care'other systems, I pre-
sented a bill at the opening of this Congress,
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. The bill has since undergone the
scrutiny of two committees. The subject was
referred to the Committee on . Retrenchment.
They took it into consideration, and directed
me to report the bill now before the House.
From what I have seen in my experience it
is my profound conviction this measure ought
to be adopted. With the other members of
the Committee on Retrenchment I have been
through the different offices here, and have
visited custom-houses and other public offices
elsewhere. We have examined their accounts,
their regulations, their mode of doing busi-
ness, and in my judgment a more vicious sys-
tem does not exist in any civilized nation on
the face of the earth. Every other civilized
nation has reformed its system except ours;
and while we have in the Military and Navy
Departments excelled perhaps other nations,
so that w% can point with pride to the person-
nel of our forces, both on sea and land, yet
who speaks with pride of those who are work-
ing in these treadmills of the public scrvice,
thrust in by political preference or personal
liking, and who hold on to their places just for
the purpose of earning sufficient to get a live-
lihood, doing as little as they can?
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Wood-
bridge] says his remarks are based upon an
examination of this bill. Sir, he has not seen
the bill now before the House. The first draft
of it contains many of the provisions here, it is
true, but not all of them; but if what he says
now is the'result of the memory of what he had
in his mind one year ago, then his memory
must have failed altogether.
He says this system cannot prevent fraud
and robbery in the public service. Why, Mr.
Speaker, in the present service is there any
check whatever upon fraud and swindling?
Where do you find it? Why do we send out
investigating committees every session with
power to search through custom-houses, post
offices, and Departments at Washington? Why
is it that these frauds exist? Turn to the sys-
tem of France and you will find the name of
every man that has entered the civil service
there for a hundred years past upon the record,
with the date of his birth, time of his entry,
degree of his standing, whether any complaint
existed against him, the degree of merit or
demerit in his career, whether continued till
death, or if dismissed, stating for what cause.
If you look at the statement of Minister
Bigelow appended to the report you will find
that the director of finances, at the time he
.wrote, entered the public service in (lie lowest
position and rose to the highest attainable un-
der their law by gradual promotion for meri-
torious service.
If you look at Prussia you will find a sys-
tem even more exact and exacting than that
of France. Who, in the recent great strain
upon the Government of Prussia in its gigan-
tic struggle with Austria, heard any complaint
in regard to its civil service? Where was there
a clerk who forgot the order of the council of
war to send arms and munitions ? Where were
their messengers of the departments running
hither and thither, as during the Crimean war,
with articles of subsistence for troops and 110
troops to receive them? Nowhere. The sys-
tem worked to perfection; it was more than
successful; it placed Prussia among the high-
est of the continental Powers. That was due
chiefly to the perfection of the civil service,
whose discipline contributed to the perfect
equipment and supply of her army.
But the gentleman says this system may work
well in Prussia or in England, but not in Amer-
ica. Here he is sadly at fault. The effect of
the system in England and Prussia has been,
not to bring the scions of the aristocracy into
the service as heretofore, but to exclude them.
Those who have gone to work "with peasant's
heart and arm" have crowded out the sons of
the aristocracy ; and to the vigor of the hardy
yeomanry very much of the perfection of the
service is due. We propose hereafter to throw
the door open to all the people. Let him who
can best serve the people be entitled to serve
them and to the reward of his service.
The gentleman says he believes in change;
and he advocates the present system because
changes take place in it. What is the change
under the present system ? Why, the first ap-
pointments for partisan service or for per-
sonal considerations, without any regard what-
ever to the fitness of the man for the place to
which he is appointed.
No one perhaps would appoint a man abso-
lutely incapable, one who could not write or
spell, or a blind man, to office. Rut the Gov-
ernment now in almost every case has to pay
for the education of its servants. Is that right?
Is it not a waste of the public money ? Can we
justify ourselves in going on with a system of
national education to' provide incumbents for
at least twenty-five thousand offices, when dur-
ing their education the Government is suffer-
ing all the while from their ignorance? This
proposed system would save all that. It re-
quires that those who present themselves shall
have the requisite qualifications for the places
they seek, and shall not be promoted except
they prove themselves to be efficient officers.
There was another phase of the present system
upon which the gentleman dwelt briefly, and I
was glad he did it; and it is this, that as soon
as a man begins to understand the duties of
his office he is removed, and another man as
incompetent as he was when lie took it is put
in his place. Thus the Government proceeds
in this course of experimental education with
110 benefit to itself or to the people. If this be
a healthful system let the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Woodbridgb] make the most of it.
I am not aware that such a system ever took
root in his native State. There I believe 110 one
can teach even a primary school without an
examination as to his or her qualifications as a
teacher. This system is applied to the schools
all over the country. Why should it not be
applied to the clerks in the Departments and
to the officers in the custom-houses?
Another Ihing, when these men, after such
an examination as is here provided for, enter
the services every man has his eye upon every
other just as in the Army or Navy. If in the
military or naval service an officer is guilty of
peculation charges would be made against him.
In France there is a record kept of the ser-
vices of every officer, and every charge against
him, his successful vindication of himself, or
his being convicted or punished, is recorded
in a permanent record. Sir, I speak of these
things from some knowledge of them. The
committee saw with its own eyes how these
matters are. Who that comes from England
on a steamer is not invited to slip a greenback
into the hands of some custom-house official at
New York, not as a bribe, of course, but in
order to facilitate the business of getting his
baggage through the custom-house? What
merchant is there who brings goods through
the custom-house at New York who has not to
pay, not only the duties prescribed by law, but
to pay something to some man connected with
the customs department who after office hours
will arrange to get his goods in in advance of
anybody else ? They do not call it bribery, but
simply-expediting business.
It seems to me, sir, that the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Woodisiudge] does not recollect
the scope of this bill, although he pronounced
a glowing eulogium upon it. He seems to have
the idea that the commission to be appointed
under it is to go about the country holding
meetings like school committees previous to
opening schools. He cannot have looked into
the books descriptive of the civil service of
England, or of any of the continental nations
of Europe, or he eould never have entertained
such an idea. There is nothing formal or im-
posing about these-examinations. They simply
apply those tests which are applied to school-
teachers all over this land when they seek em-
ployment in their profession. They are to be
conducted with dignity and decorum, in quiet
and with order, and the final result will be
sent back to the central board in Washington,
a list being made out of those candidates who
prove to be competent. That will end the du-
ties of the commission, and the heads of the
Departments who seek-faithful servants will be
sure they have them when they select them
from these lists.
Now, let me say one word about the prac-
ticability of this measure. We have taken tes-
timony upon this subject which has been pub-
lished. I have personally made inquiries of
all those who would be called upon to admin-
ister this law. They all say that it would be
perfectly practicable; that three commission- *
ers, with their assistants, can do all the work
that is required. In England there are but two
commissioners, with their assistants, twenty-,
one in number, in different parts of the king-
dom, all men of learning and character. In
this bill wo provide that a small fee shall be
paid for an examination, which I have no
doubt will pay all the expenses, not only for
the salaries of the commissioners but their
traveling expenses, and perhaps even more
than that. .
I will state 011c remarkable instance of the
working of this system in the English service.
A year or two ago there were eight vacancies
in the office of the under-secretary of state for
India. In the Indian service competition is
open to all, and there were some seven hun-
dred and odd applicants for these eight vacan-
cies. About four hundred appeared before the
commissioners for examination. Of those four
hundred many received certificates that they
possessed more than the minimum qualifica-
tions. The eight persons who were selected
and who went into the employment of the Gov-
ernment in India not only possessed the mini-
mum qualifications, but very nearly the maxi-
mum ; and they also obtained certificates of
merit in other studies, iu oilier languages, in
other sciences than those required by the rule.
In that way the Indian government secured the
services ofprobably eight of the best-fitted men
within the limits of Great Britain. Among
them was one who came all the way from India
to be examined; a Brahmin of high caste and
pure blood, who obtained one of tbe situations.
It has been suggested that these examina-
tions might be had in the different Departments;
but I have ascertained and believe that it is
practicable for one commission to do all this
service, and to do it well. And now, as it
never could have been done before in our
whole history, except perhaps on one or two
occasions, this commission can be constituted
without reference to party. We can secure
worthy and competent men, who will discharge
their duties faithfully and satisfactorily to the
nation. And if they do not producc the polit-
ical millennium in the civil service, which the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Woodisridge]
portrays, they will at least contribute to lift us
out of the disgraceful condition in which our
civil service now is.
Mr. SCHBNCIx. If this bill, so far as the
action of this House is concerned, should not
become a law, it will bo on account of the most
extraordinary opposition over made perhaps
to any measure presented for action. Anyone
who heard tlie exceedingly poetical and imagin-
ative speech of my friend from Vermont [Mr.
Woodbridge] must have been struck with the
singular character of his assault on this bill.
If the bill is to die, it will die because it is
smothered with roses. But it strikes, me it
will be about as easy to batter down a stone
wall with flowers as to break down a measure
so substantial in its character and merits as
this appears to me to bo with the weapons the
gentleman used against it. In the midst of all
that poetry with which he entertained us it is
difficult to ascertain any particular point he
made. But one at least may be taken hold of,
