1036
TBE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
as that upon which he seemed to place his
principal reliance: that this bill is anti- demo-
cratic in its character. _
A word then upon that point. "Why is it
anti-democratic ? Is it because it throws open
these places in the different Departmentsof the
Government, to be occupied without distinc-
tinction by all men, rich and poor, and by per-
sons of both sexes, according to their merits
as evidenced and ascertained upon an examina-
tion in order to determine whether they have
the necessary qualifications ? Is there any-
thing in the bill itself which makes this an
" anti-democratic" measure? Itprovides that
appointments shall be made " from those per-
sons who shall have been found best qualified
for the performance of the duties of the offices
to which such appointments are to be made,
^ in an open and eompetitive examination, to be
conducted as prescribed" in the bill. Now,
sir, the " beautiful girl" from Vermont, (and I
know that Vermont has beautiful girls,) and
the " one-legged soldier" seeking occupation
would, when brought before a board of exam-
iners, be entitled to have their qualifications
fairly measured by the requirements of the
office to be filled. And I can imagine many
cases in which your "one-legged soldier" or
your "beautiful girl" from Vermont would
come out with flviyg colors, manifesting all
necessary fitness to fill the places to which
they might aspire with credit to themselves
and advantage to the Government. I do not
rate the intelligence of the girls of Vermont,
I do not measure the capacity of our one-
legged soldiers, by^ so low a standard as that
of the gentleman from Vermont. I hold that
they can enter into a competitive examination
for the positions to which they aspire with as
good a prospect as any others may have of
passing through the ordeal successfully.
But what does the gentleman want in order
to make this bill less "anti-democratic?" Ifhe
is serious in his objection, I suggest that, to
make the bill conform to his ideas, he ought to
move to amend by striking out the provision
that appointments shall be made from those
persons who, in an open, competitive examina-
tion, shall bo found best qualified ; and insert-
ing something like this, which will accomplish
the objeel the gentleman seems to have in view:
That the appointments shall be mad© from such
persons ns nro recommended by a member of Con-
gress from Vermont or some other State, for servioes
performed ill securing by treats of Hguor or other-
wise the rotes of Bill Johnson and Sara Smith for
said member at the last preceding election. [.Laugh-
ter.]
If the gentleman wants to change the present
character of the bill, I admit that this would
do it. If he prefers the present condition of
things let him endeavor to induce this House
to reject all propositions to introduce a mode
of proceeding by which the best ability of the
country for the particular places shall be se-
cured ; let him persuade the House to adhere
to the present system of making official appoint-
ments depend upon the personal and political
influence which the applicant may be able to
bring to bear, without regard to his want of
qualifications for the position sought. I pre-
sume no gentleman will deny that this is the
manner in which appointments are secured
under the present system.
It may bo said that there are examinations
now. But who does not know that those ex-
aminations are little better than a farce? Who
does not know that in such examinations those
succeed whom the heads of the bureaus or De-
partments wish to succeed, and those are re-
jected who are not agreeable to "the powers
that be?" But what sort of examinations
would the gentleman have in these cases if he
prefers that the old condition of things shall
be continued? Instead of inquiring in regard
to those very inconsiderable accomplishments
—reading, writing, arithmetic, &c., I suppose
he would, have the candidate subjected to an
inquiry to ascertain his skill in packing a con-
vention to procure the nomination of a friend
to office; to determine his expertness in writ-
ing a letter for the newspapers, bepufSng his
patron here in Congress or elsewhere.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I only desire to say
that the gentleman from Ohio may understand
such things; but we in Vermont do not.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know much about
the way they manage matters in Vermont, but
from the manner in which the gentleman has
described the treatment to which the "beauti-
ful girl" would be subjected I should suspect
the gallantry of the people there, however good
they may be in other respects.
What is his real objection? I will give the
precise language used by the gentleman fronx
Vermont. He admits " the scope, the excel-
lent scope, the clearness, the precision, and the
good purpose of the bill." But what is its
fault? He says " it is too good; it smacks of
Arcadia. It approaches too near an attempt
to bring about the millennium, when the lamb
and lion are to lie down together."
The heavy fault, then, of the bill is its mer-
its. If it prevails, appointments will be made
with reference to merit and that alone. It is
a most strange objection to be made to a meas-
ure introduced into this House that it is too
good to be passed. We have in the midst
of a variety of subjects before us at length
hit upon something so excellent in character,
and in Heaven's uame let us not put the legisla-
tive boon away from us. But really and truly,
without" distorting the argument, his whole
objection seems to turn upon the sole idea this
fair principle is too sublime, too pure, too excel-
lent to be fitted for the condition of the men
who administer the Executive Departments of
the Government.
It is said these commissioners will not per-
form their duty properly. We must in all
things act through human agencies, and in
matters of tins sort could a better plan b'e de-
vised for getting examiners ? Instead of hav-
ing two or three clerks, tools and instruments
of the head of the Department, selected to pass
friends through, and none others, it is proposed
to elevate these commissioners into dignity
and importance, who shall in every instance be
nominated by the President and confirmed by
the Senate, and be incapable of removal except
by consent of the Senate. That is the lan-
guage of the bill fairly and fully. If you can-
not trust these, whom can you trust? I find
there is only one minute of my time left.
Mr.McKKE. With the gentleman'sconsent,
I move to amend by adding in section ten, line
three, after the word "act:"
Excopt thoso who have voluntarily aided or en-
couraged any insurrection or rebellion against the
Government of the United States.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I offer, so it may be
pending, the following amendment:
Add the following proviso to section five:
Provided, however, That any person holding ottico
in the said civil service of the United States, who
shall, directly or indirectly, contribute or use any
money or do any act (other than to vote) in aid of or
to promote the success of any candidate or party at
any election of Federal, State, county, city, or town
officers, or shall bo a candidate for nomination or
election to any such office, shall bo deemed guilty of
misconduct in liis said office, and be removed there-
from.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I now demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question recurred on Mr. McKbe's
amendment.
Mr. LE BLOND demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the bill be laid
on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 66, not vot-
ing 52 ; as follows:
YEAS-Messrs. Aneona, Baker, Barker, Baxter,
Beaman, Blaine, Blow, Buckland, Campbell, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb. Cook, Dawson, Defrees, Delano, Dem-
son, Egglestoi), Eldridge, Farfjuhar, I' orry, Finck,
Gclossbrenner, Goodyear, Grinnell, Aaron Harding,
Abner C. Harding, Hawkins, Henderson, Hill, Bise,
Edwin N. Hubbell, James K,. Hubbell, Ingereoll,
Jenckes, Kasson, Kelso, Kerr, Koontz, Kuykemlall,
George Y. Lawrence. William Lawrence, Le Blond,
Loan, Longyear, Marshall, Marv in, McClurt;, McRee,
Morris, Newell, Niblack, Orth, Purham, Price, liad-
ford, Bitter, Sawyer, Seofield, Shanklm, Stevens,
Stokes, laber, Trimble, Upson, Van Aernam^obert
T. Van Horn, Andrew II. Ward, Hamilton Ward,
James P. Wifson, Wmdom, Winfield, and Wood-
^NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson, James M.
Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Bergen,; Bidwell, Bmgham,
Brandegee,Bromwell,Bioomall, Bundy, Cooper, Oul-
lorn, Darling, Dawes, Deming, Dixon, L>odge, Don-
nelly, Eckley, Eliot, Griswold, Hayes, Higby, Hotch-
kibS.ChesterD. Hubbard, John H.Hubbaid, Hulburd,
Humphrey, Hunter, Julian, Keiley, Ketcham, Laflin,
Leftwieh, Marston, McRuer, Miller, Myers, Nichol-
son, Noell, O'Neill, Paine, Patterson, Plants, Sain uel
J. Kandall, William H. Randall, Raymond, Rollins,
Ross, Schenck, Shellabarger, Starr, Kelson Taylor,
Thayer, Thornton, Trowbridge, Burt Van Horn,
Warner, William 15. Washburn, Welker, Wen tworth,
Williams, and Wright—66.
NOT VOTING-—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Dclos R.
Ashley, Benjamin, Boutwcll, Boyer, Chanler, Reader
W. Clarke, Conkling, Culver, Davib, Drisgs, Dumont,
Farnsworth, Garfield. Hale, Harris Hart, Hoeraii,
Holmes, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas Hub-
bard, Jones, Latham, Lynch, Maynard, McCullough,
Molndoe, Merour, Moorhead, Morrillt JVloulton,
Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Alexander H. Rice, John H.
Rice, Rogers, Rousseau, Sitgreaves, Sloan, opaldm£,
Stilwell, Strouse, Nathaniel ft. Taylor, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Elihu B. Washburne,
Henry I). Washburn, Whaley, and Stephen I . Wil-
son—52.
So the bill was laid on the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. JENCKES changed his vote from the
negative to the affirmative.
The result having been announced as above,
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. With the consent of
the gentleman from Rhode Island, I move that
the House adjourn.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the motion to allow me to report a
bill from the joint Committee on Reconstruc-
tion.
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. Imoveto laythemotion
to reconsider on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the
gentleman from Connecticut, who moved to
adjourn.
Mr. BRANDEGEE._ If I can I will with-
draw the motion to adjourn, and yield to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Several Members objected.
Mr. JENCKES. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn and to reconsider for the purpose of
allowing the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
report his bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I report from the joint
Committee on Reconstruction a bill. -
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. I rise to a privileged
motion, to reconsider the vote by which the
civil service bill was laid on "the table, and to
lay that motion on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recogniz-es the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, who rises to a
privileged question; but will also recognize the
privileged motion of the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldkidge] when the gentleman
from Pennsylvania has presented his privileged
motion.
GOVEKNMfi^T OF INSURRECTIONARY STATES.
Mr. STEVENS. I report from the joint
select Committee on Reconstruction a bill to
provide for the more efficient government of
the insurrectionary States.
The bill was read a first and second time ;
and the question was on ordering it to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
Mr. LB BLOND. I wish to inquire of the
Speaker whether it is the intention to put this
bill on its passage now ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know;
he does not even know what the bill is.
Mr. STEVENS. I will say that if there is
any objection I shall not urge it to-night.
Several Members called for the reading of
the bill.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. _ To save
time, and with a view to having the bill printed,
I object.
