1712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
Pennsylvania, Mr. William E. Niblack, of
Indiana, and Mr. Roscoe Conkling, of New
York, managers at the same on its part.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolution; which were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore of
the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 421) to authorize the con-
struction of a submerged tubular bridge across
the Mississippi river at the city of St. Louis ;
A bill (S. No. 515) granting a pension to
Mrs. Ernestine Becker;
A bill (S. No. 581) granting a pension to
Olivia W. Cannon ;
A bill (S.- No. 558) for the relief of Mary A.
Smith, of Johnson county, Tennessee, widow
of Alexander D. Smith, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 556) for the relief of Caroline
McGee, of Greene county, Tennessee, widow
of Lemuel McGree, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 498) granting a pension to
Mrs. Josephine Slocum;
A bill (H. R. No. 910) granting lands to the
State of Oregon to aid in the construction of a
military wagon-road from Dalles City, on the
Columbia river, to Fort Bois6, on the Snake
river;
A bill (H. R. No. 965) declaring Clinton
bridge, across the Mississippi river at Clinton,
in the State of Iowa, a post route;
A bill (H. R. No. 1130) to amend section
twelve, chapter two hundred and ninety-nine,
of laws of the first session Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 171) for the
relief of Martha McCook.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Sen-
ate proceeded to consider its amendments to
the bill (H. R. No. 890) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year .end-
ing June 30, 1808, disagreed to "by the House
of Representatives, and the amendment of the
House to the forty-sixth amendment of the
Senate.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Remlved, That the Senato insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives: disagreo to the amendment of the
House to the forty-sixth amendment of the Senate
thereto, and agree to the confcrence asked by the
House on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Fessenden, Mr. Williams, and Mr.
Cowan.
military academy bill.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Sen-
ate proceeded to consider its amendments to
the bill of the House (H. R. No. 912) making
appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1808, disagreed to by the House of Represent-
atives.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
JCetolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by tlio House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Sherman, Mr. Harris, and Mr. Dooi.it-
tle.
consular and diplomatic bill.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Senate
proceeded to consider its amendments to the
bill of the House No. 904, making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th
June, 1808, and for other purposes, disagreed
to by the House of Representatives.
On motion of Mr. hESSENDEN, it was
Retolved, Thattlm Senate insist upon its amend-
ment) to tho said bill, disagreed to by the House of
Heprouentitivea, and agree to tho conforenoe asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Sumner, Mr. Fogg, and Mr. Johnson.
indian affairs.
Mr. FOWLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill !
No. 557.
Mr. DOOLITTLE rose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour is on the point of expiring, and the
unfinished business of yesterday will be in
order.
Mr. FOWLER. It will take but a few min<
utes to pass this bill. I do not desire to discuss
it at all.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope the Senator from
Tennessee will let the regular order come up,
and then, informally, I shall have no objection
to his occupying a few moments in the passage
of that bill; but I wish to go on with the reg-
ular order at one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business is the order of the day, and is
now before the Senate, being the bill (S. No.
204) to provide for an annual inspection into
Indian Affairs, and for other purposes, the
amendment of the House of Representatives
thereto being the pending question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I deem
this bill one of the most important, aside from
the great question of reconstruction, which has
been presented to the present Congress. I
believe that it involves the character of the
Government. I believe that it involves more
money, and if properly considered and acted
upon by Congress can save to this Govern-
ment more money, than any other legislation
that is now pending. I believe that our char-
acter as a nation is involved in it; and there-
fore Senators will excuse me if I speak with
earnestness, for I confess I feel very deeply the
importance of this measure.
For nearly ten years, by the pleasure of the
Senate, the responsibility of Indian affairs has
to a considerable extent been thrown upon
me. It has been a thankless task; a respon-
sibility which has brought labor without any
compensation. In the course of this long
period I think I have obtained some informa-
tion in relation to Indian affairs which I should
not have obtained as a matter of course had
I been engaged in the business mainly which
comes from the other committees of the
Senate.
In the views which are entertained by myself
on this subject I am sustained unanimously by
the Committee on Indian Affairs of this body,
unanimously also by the Committee on Indian
Affairs of the House of Representatives, and
unanimously sustained by the special com-
mittee raised by the two Houses, who were
instructed to inquire into and to report to Con-
gress what legislation was necessary to bring
about, if possible, a better administration of
Indian affairs.
Mr. President, in the examination of this
question I am not unaware of the difficulties
which exist in the proper administration of
Indian affairs. I agree with the honorable
Senator from Oregon, who is not now in his
seat, [Mr. Williams,] that there are difficulties
in relation to the administration of Indian affairs
which no law of Congress, no administration of
the laws of Congress can entirely remove.
They are difficulties which grow out of the
nature of the disease itself, irremediable, incur-
able, which grow, out of the contact of a
superior with an inferior race-; the one race
rushing onward to every Territory into all the
valleys and the mountain gorges all overthe vast
domain of the United States, which of necessity
brings in contact with the Indian tribes men of
the most hardy, adventurous, not to say some-
times the most reckless character in the world.
The contact of these people with the Indians
in pur Territories produces results which no
legislation can remove. Whichever way the
system is administered, whether by the War
Department or without the War Department,
there are diseases here and difficulties which
are beyond the power of man to remove. But,
sir, while it is impossible for us radically to
remove all these difficulties and to make a
perfect administration of Indian affairs, I do
insist that there is such a thing as ameliorating
these diseases, and it istoward the amelioration
of the system that we wish to direct the atten-
tion of Congress and to call the serious judg-
ment of Congress to it.
Sir, I know how difficult it is to get the ear
of Congress or the ear of the Senate on any-
thing which concerns our Indian relations.
Allow me, however, to state some facts. Does
my friend from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] know
that six thousand Indians under the War De-
partment in New Mexico cost us at the rate of
$1,500,000 a year just to feed and clothe them,
to say nothing about the expenses of the troops
which are required to keep them upon the
reservations and to keep the peace in Now
Mexico? Yes, sir, $1,500,000 expended to
feed and clothe six thousand Indians alone,
which appropriation is more than one half of
the whole Indian appropriations besides. I
ask gentlemen who sit around me here, who
ever heard about this expenditure by the War
Department? I ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, I ask the chairman
of the Committee on Finance, did he ever
know that the War Department were expend-
ing $1,500,000 annually merely to feed and
clothe six thousand Indians? Not one word
is said about that. No estimate is made for
it. How is it that this $1,500,000 given to
these six thousand Indians can pass through
Congress and nobody know anything about it?
Simply because it comes in the estimates for
the Army. You will vote $50,000,000 without
inquiring a word if it is only said to be neces-
sary for the Army. Transportation for the
Army, commissary supplies for the Army, pass
without question. But when you come to the
matter of appropriations for the Indian bureau
the estimates must be itemized and they must
present their claim, that we claim so much for
such a tribe of Indians, so much for another,
so much for carrying out a treaty with this
tribe of Indians or with that tribe of Indians,
and when these estimates are presented to Con-
gress, item after item, Congress can look into
them and make objections to them. The e
various items are to be passed on by the Com •
mittee on Finance and by the Committee on
Indian Affairs. Our attention is arrested and
brought to them.
By reference to the speech of an honorable
gentleman of the House of Representatives on
the 1st of February last, I find he states that
the whole amount of the expenditures for the
Indian Bureau under the appropriation bill
was $2,408,050, and for transportation on that
sum $127,368 ; while the cost of providing by
the War Department for six thousand Indians
alone was $1,500,000. We ltnow nothing
about that. I know it is a very easy way to
dispose of these expenses in Indian affairs
to turn the matter over to the War Depart-
ment. It will then come in one grand item,
$50,000,000 at a time; there will be no dis-
cussion in Congress. It will be said, "Why
that is to support the Army ; that is to feed the
Army;" and no one will raise any objection
whatever.
But, Mr. President, this $2,500,000 which
is expended by the Indian Bureau in Indian
affairs is of very little importance compared
with the amount of expenditures which we
incur by the Indian wars which grow up on the
frontier ; and the question arises, What in the
best method of preventing Indian wars ? Is it
the best mode of preventing these Indian wars
to turn the whole of those tribes over to the
War Department and put them under the abso-
lute control of officers of the Army? That is
the question. Gentlemen sometimes say it is
this Indian system that gets up the Indian
wars. Mr. President, how little have these
gentlemen looked into the real facts ? I pro-
pose, in the few moments that I stand before
