1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
273
war committed in the State of Ohio by John
Morgan, or even in the State of Vermont by
the raiders who came over the border, who
were subject to Iiis orders, as if the act of war
had been committed in the district of Virginia
where Davis himself, the commander-in-chief,
resided at the time.
A remark tell from the learned Senator from
Maryland which notalittlcsurprisedmc. When
I asked him whether Davis was not arrested
and held as_a prisoner of war I understood him
to answer in the affirmative, and at the same
time to add that if he were a prisoner of war
he was not guilty of treason. If I misunder-
stood the honorable Senator I shall be glad to
be corrected. He does not correct me.
Mc. JOHNSON. I said that if he was a
prisoner of war in the ordinarj' sense of that
term, he could not be held to be guilty of trea-
son. He ought to have been handed over to the
civil authorities and condemned as a traitor or
hung on the spot. But, as I said before, if
merely held as a prisoner of war he should not
have been held after the termination of the war.
Mr. HO WARD. I understood the honorable
Senator to say that if he was held as a prisoner
of war he could not on account of being so
held, on account of being invested with certain
mysterious privileges as a prisoner of war, be
held amenable for treason in a civil court. I
believe that I did not misunderstand the hon-
orable Senator. If such be the immunity of
Jefferson Davis, why has not my learned friend,
profound as he is in the knowledge of the law,
industrious and enlightened as he confessedly
is, exerted himself heretofore to relieve Davis
from his imprisonment by suing out a writ of
habeas corpus and testing the.'question whether
he is amenable to the indictment found against
him for treason ? Why have not the learned
counsel of Davis, who entertain the idea that
because a man is held as a prisoner of war he
cannot be convicted of treason, exerted them-
selves in behalf of Jefferson Davis and liber-
ated him upon habeas corpus t If he is shielded
by his character as a prisoner of war from a
prosecution for treason, he has but to show that
to a proper court on a proper application to be
relieved from his imprisonment; or if he is
tried for treason, all he has to do is to set up
that defense on the trial, and he must be at
once acquitted.
But, sir, the doctrine itself is entirely un-
founded. I do not profess to be profoundly
learned in the law, and I would not place
myself in competition with the honorable Sen-
ator from Maryland in this respect; but I feel
quite safe in defying him to find a warrantin any
of the accredited writers upon the law of nations
that a legitimate Government may not try a
rebel who has been captured as a prisoner, also
a traitor, and inflict upon him the penalty of
treason. This doctrine leads inevitably to the
conclusion (if it be sound)' that none of the
multitudes of rebels who have been captured
and held as prisoners of war by the troops of
the United States, during the whole of the
recent conflict, can be held for treaso'n upon an
indictment; that the very fact that they have
been captured and acknowledged as prisoners
of war stands as their defense and excuse for
the crime of treason they have committed. I
do not wish this discussion to close and leave
that point of law, pressed upon us so earnestly
by the honorable Senator from Maryland, with-
out a reply. Sir, the doctrine is entirely false.
It is contradicted by Vattel, it is contradicted
by Kent, it is contradicted by Grotins, and by
all the accredited writers upon the law of
nations an3 the law of war; and I believe in
the end the honorable Senator will find that it
is entirely unsupported by principle, as it" is
unsupported by authority from the books.
Now, sir, I shall not undertake to predict
when Jefferson Davis will be tried either for
treason or murder; I do not know ; I am not
in the secrets of the Cabinet; I know nothing
of the undisclosed motives which may operate
upon persons in authority to prevent the sneedv
trial of Jefferson Davis; but that he ever v.-iil
be tried for trealon I have not the slightest
39th Cojtg. 2d Sess.—No. 18.
belief. That he will ultimately be liberated
and that unconditionally, by the President of
the United States from all responsibility on
account of the crime of treason which he has
committed I entertain no doubt. Sir, will a
Chief Magistrate who has pardoned rebels by
wholesale, pardoned them by thousands and
tens of thousands, proceed to try Davis, their
chief,_ condemn him, and execute him? Will
a Chief Magistrate who, during the last year
and more, has been exerting all his official
influence in favor of the rebels and of the rebel
communities, taking them under his especial
protection and guardianship, who treats them
so tenderly and so considerately as to hold them
up to the world almost as a persecuted people,
be expected to punish the head and chief of
that community whose favor he has been so
long courting? No, sir, it is not to be thought
of.' Like the rest of them, Jefferson Davis, the
head and front of the rebellion, who might and
ought to have been tried in Pennsylvania, in
Ohio, in even Vermont, and convicted, sen-
tenced, and executed for treason, will never be
tried under this Administration.
The bill immediately before ns, Mr. Presi-
dent, proposes to repeal the thirteenth section
of the confiscation act of 1862. That section
authorizes the President of the United States
by proclamation to extend pardon and amnesty
to such persons and such portions of the rebels
as he may see fit. What it extends besides
pardon is amnesty. I hold that the Congress
in passing the act of 1862 granted to the Presi-
dent some power, in the thirteenth section, be-
yond what he possesses under the naked Con-
stitution ; that is, the power of pardoning offi-
cers. By the thirteenth section he is authorized
to grant amnesty to such portions of the rebels
as he may see fit—not mere pardon, but amnesty.
Amnesty is a military term. It applies to bel-
ligerent parties, operates as an eternal oblivion
of all the causes of the war, and is the basis of
peace; it is a burying, a putting out of mind
and memory the war itself and of the causes
that led to it; and it necessarily restores the
belligerent parties to whom it is granted to all
the rights they possessed before the war broke
out; it places them, in other words, in statu
quo ante bellum.
I do not believe the President of the United
States under the naked Constitution authoriz-
ing him to grant pardons possessed the power
of pardoning by wholesale an army of rebels
and all those who had aided'and assisted them.
The power of granting this amnesty is a power
which cannot be exercised by the President in
virtue of his executive functions merely, nor
in virtue ofhis capacity as Commander-in-Chief
of the Army, because in its very nature it must
rest upon the sovereign power of the nation
that grants it. Amnesty is peace, and the
President of the United States, whether in casfe
of rebellion and insurrection within our own
limits or of foreign war, has no power to grant
a permanent amnesty, which is peace, without
an act_ of Congress. He is not vested with
authorityto declare and establish peace between
this nation and a foreign nation when war has
once supervened. That peace can only take
place by the consent and by the legislation of
Congress. It requires the legislation erf the two
Houses in order to change the condition of the
country from a state of war to a state of peace.
The power of making war belongs to Congress,
and the power of making peace belongs to
Congress and not to the President.
If this view be correct, it follows that we did
grant to the President in 1862 a power which
he had notunder-the Constitution, to wit: the
power of granting amnesty, and it is that power
which I think, so far as I have been able to
inform myself, has been greatly abused by the
present Executive that we now seek to take
from him by the bill before us. I hope, sir,
the bill may pass.
Mr. SAuLSBURY, Mr. President, when I
pfftfre'd the pending amendments was not my
intention to say a word in reference to the pro-
priety of its adoption. When the confiscation
bill was before the Senate in 1862 I took oc-
casion to present, as fully as I deemed proper,
my views in reference to it, and to state my
objections to its enactment as a law. Those
objections were twofold; first, arising out of
what I conceived to be certain unconstitutional
provisions in the bill; and second, because,
in my judgment, the measure as a measure of
policy was unwise. I have seen no occasion
since, although I do not now intend to discuss
the question, to change the opinions then
formed. Although it was very unpopular then,
as I doubt not it is very unpopular now, to
express the opinion which I then expressed,
and which I still entertain, yet the unpopularity
of the utterance will not prevent its repetition.
I deny as a question of law that this doctrine
whicliTias been asserted here to-day is true, or
that it has any warrant of authority in the his-
tory or example of nations situated or circum-
stanced as we were during the late civil war.
I asserted then, and I maintain now, that the
duties of allegiance and protection were recip-
rocal, and that a Government, however right-
ful it might be, has no right to punish any one
of its citizens for disobedience to its authority
unless that Government at the same time affords
to that individual protection ; and that where
an individual is so circumstanced that he is
subject to a Government de facto having power
to punish him for disobedience to its commands
and to protect him against the consequences
of his obedience to its commands, and another
Government, claiming to be the Government
dejure over him, has not the power to protect
him against the consequences of disobedience
to it, or is unwilling to afford him that protec-
tion, that individual commits no crime and is
guilty of no treason.
In my judgment this original act of confisca-
tion was misnamed. The title it bore upon
its face was " An act to punish treason," and
it was applied to the whole mass of the southern
people of this country. Will you tell me, sir,
that you can frame a bill of indictment like
this against eight million people? Such a
thing is unknown in the history of the world.
When our revolutionary fathers assumed to
secede, if you please, from the Government of
Great Britain and to establish an independent
governmentfor themselves, the House of Com-
mons rang with the cry of "rebels" and
" traitors," just as the Halls of Congress have
rung with the cry of "rebels" and " traitors"
since; but what said the master minds of the
British Parliament then ? They proclaimed
the very doctrine which I proclaim here to-
day, that you could not indict a whole people,
millions of men,-for the crime of treason when
they were acting under the power and author-
ity of a government which had been erected
over thpm—-a government having the power tp
protect them, and where Great Britain could
not afford protection in ease they disobeyed
the American governments which had been
set up over them. And, sir, however mad
and foolish it-was—and I have always consid,
ered it to have .been madness and foolishness
—on the part of the southern people to have
entered upon the-recent struggle, I say that
the great mass of them di'd not incur thereby
the crime of treason nor subject themselves to
its penalties; and I assert no new doctrine. I
assert a doctrine which has been maintained
in the Federal courts of the United States. I
assert a doctrine which your revolutionary
fathers asserted, and which the tribunals of
the country which they established asserted
and maintained.
Why, sir, any one who will take the trouble
to look into Dallas's Reports will iind a num-
ber of cases. I will refer to a single one, the
case of Respublica vs. Samuel Chapman, to be
found in 1 Dallas, where this very doctrine was
judicially decided; and there capnot be found
in any .American authority since that day a
single dictum, much less a decision, overruling
that, authority. What was that case? Penn-
sylvania had established an independent gov-
ernment for itself, and in less than six months
after the establishment of that government a
toan by the name of Chapman, an adherent of
