■1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1037
The SPEAKER. Any member has a right
to demand that it be read.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I under-
stood the gentleman to say that if there was
any objection he would not proceed.
The SPEAKER. He said he^ would not
press it to a final passage to-night if there was
objection.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Well,
then, I object.
The bill was read as follows:
Whereas the pretended State governments of the
late so-called confederate States ot Virginia, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Mississippi, Ala-
bama, Louisiana, Florida,Texas, and Arka.nsaswere
set up without the authority of Congress and without
the sanction of the people; and whereas said pre-
tended governments afford no adequate protection
for life or property, but countenance and encourage
lawlessness and crime; and whereas it is necessary
that pcaco and good order should be enforced in said
so-called States until loyal a.nd repuhlicanStategov-
ernments can be legally established: Therefore,
lit: it enacted by the Senate and Home of liepresent-a-
tivee of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That said so-called States shall be divided into
military districts a.nd made subject to the military
authority of the United States, as hereinaftei pro-
scribed; and for that purpose Virginia shall consti-
tute the first district, Noitli Carolina and South Car-
olina tho second district, Georgia, Alabama, and
Florida the third distiict, Mississippi and Arkansas
tho fourth district, and Louisiana and Texas the fifth
district.
Sec. 2. Andbeitfurther enacted, That itshall bo tho
duty of the general of the Army to assign to theeom-
rnand of each of said districts an officer of the regular
Army not below the rank of brigadier general, and
to detail a sufficient force to enable such officer to
perforin his duties and enforco his authority within
the district to which he is assigned.
Sec. 3. And be it further cua-fcl, Th;'.!, i I shall be the
duty of each officer assigned, as aforesaid, to protect
all persons in their nght  of person and properly,
to suppress insurrection, disorder, and violence, and
to punish, or cause to bo punished, all disturbers
of the public pcaeo and criminals: and to this end
he may allow civil tribunals to take jurisdiction of
and to try offenders, or when in his judgments may
be necessary for tho trial of offenders he shall have
power to organize military commissions or tribunals
tor that purpose, anything m tho constitution and
laws of thosovalled States to the contrary notwith-
standing; and all legi-dailveor judicial proceedings
or processes to prevent the trial or proceedings of
such tribunals, and all interference by said pretended
State governments vfitli tho exercise of military
authority under this a,et shall bo void and of no effect.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That courts and
judicial officers of the United States shall not issue
writs of habeas cor pint in behalf of persons in military
custody unless some commissioned officer on duty
in the district wherein the person is detained shall
indorse upon said petition a statement ceitil'ying
upon honor that he has knowledge or information as
to tho cause and circumstances of the alleged deten-
tion, and that he believes the same to be rightful;
and further, that, he believes that the indorsed peti-
tion is prefened in good faith and in furtherance of
justice, and not to hinder or delay the punishment of
crime. All persons put under military arrest, by
virtue of this act, shall be tned without unnecessary
delay, and no cruel or unusual punishment shall be
inflicted.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That no sentence
of any military commission or tribunal hereby author-
ized, alfceting tho life or liberty of any person, shall
be cxceutcd until it is approved by the officer m
commaaid of the district; and the laivs and regula-
tions for the government of the 'Army shall not be
affected by this act, except in so far as they conflict
with its provisions.
Mr. STEVENS. I would inquire of the
Chair what would be the effect of moving to
recommit this bill and then adjourning?
The SPEAKER. If the House adjourns
now this bill will be the first business in order
after the reading of the Journal, without any
motion to recommit. It is now the first busi-
ness in order until disposed ot.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGI-IAM. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] permit mo to
offer an amendment to the preamble and also
an amendment to the fourth section of the bill,
in order that the bill and amendments may be
printed together?
Mr. STEVENS. I move_ that the bill be
recommitted ; and now I think we better ad-
journ.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does not the motion to
recommit cut off all opportunity to amend ?
The SPEAKER. It does, while the motion
to recommit is pending.
Mr. LE BLOND. I desire to make an in-
quiry of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Steveks.] I understand that this bill
just now introduced will be the first business
to be considered to-morrow after the reading
of the Journal. Does the gentleman propose
to put this bill upon its passage within any
specified time, and if so, how soon?
Mr. STEVENS. I think I shall ask that it
be put upon its passage to-morrow.
Mr. LE BLOND. And the bill to be printed
between now and when Congress shall convenc
to-morrow?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. LE BLOND. Without permitting any
debate upon it?
Mr. STEVENS. Well, sir, I am very will-
ing that the debate which has been going on
here for three weeks, and which the gentleman
will find in the Globe, shall all be read over by
him whenever he can take time to read it.
[Laughter.] But I do not see any necessity
for any further debate beyond to-morrow.
Mr. LE BLOND. I appeal to the gentle-
man whether it is proper, upon a bill of tho
character of the one just introduced, of the
magnitude of this bill, establishing military ju-
risdiction over all these States, is it proper to
pass it here without even an hour's debate upon
it? I appeal to the gentleman to allow some
latitude of debate upon this bill; to fix some
future day for final action Upon it, and allow a
reasonable debate upon it, without forcing it
to its passage at so early a period.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 have indicated no inten-
tion to ask a vote upon this bill without a half
an hour's debate upon it. On the contrary, if
the gentleman asks it I will yield that much
to him.
Mr. LE BLOND. I do not ask it on behalf
of myself.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, of anybody else.
Mr. LE BLOND. On behalf of the Amer-
ican people 1 ask more time for debate. If I
had the power I would demand it as a right on
behalf of the American people. I ask the
gentleman to name a time some days hence,
and allow a reasonable debate upon so import-
ant a proposition as this.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 will see what tho Amer-
ican people think of it in the morning
[I.anghler.] If they are generally for a pro-
longation of the debate, of course 1 will go
with them. But I will wail until then, in order
to ascertain what the American people want.
In the mean time I move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. LE BLOND. I will tell the gentleman
what the American people want. 'They want
the Constitution and laws of the country pre-
served and obeyed; they want men to be tried
in pursuance of the Constitution and the laws,
and not by military despotism, as this bill
provides.
Mr. STEVENS. I insist upon my motion
to adjourn.
Mr. DELANO. Will the gentleman with-
draw that motion for a moment, in order to
enable me to submit a resolution, which will
give rise to no debate?
Mr. STEVENS. I will withdraw the motion
to adjourn if the gentleman will renew it.
Mr. DELANO. I will do so.
parker and matthews.
Mr. DELANO. I now offer the following
resolution:
Iteiolced, That the prosecution of the claim of
David Stout Parker and Fonnan Matthews, owners
of the schooner Twilight, agam-jt the United States,
in the Court of Claims, under and by virtue of a res-
olution of this House, dated March liO, 1806, referring
said claim to said court, but which by mistake was
described as the claim of "J. Stout Parker," and
all the proceeding hitherto had thereon, are hereby
legalized, and that they shall and may be continued
in said court, under said reference, with tlm same
force and effect in ail respeefs as if no such mistake
had been made m the name of said claimant.
I will state that the object of this resolution
is simply to correct a mistake which was made
in the name of the claimants when the case
was referred to the Court of Claims last session.
The SPEAKEll. The Chair doubts if the
gentleman can attain his object by a single
House resolution.
Mr. DELANO. Oh, yes, sir. It needs only
a resolution of the House to refer a claim to
the Court of Claims.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
that the decision of the Court of Claims has
been otherwise.
Mr. DELANO. The House passed a reso-
lution referring this claim to the court last
session, and this is merely to correct an error
in the name of one of the parties.
The resolution was agreed to.
PRIVILEGED QUESTION.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the reports of
the Committee on Indian Affairs in regard to
the administration of the Indian Bureau were
recommitted to the committee.
The motion was accordingly entered.
message eftoil the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fokney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had indefinitely postponed bill of the
House No. CG8, toTimit the time for bringing
suits before the Court of Claims.
Mr. DELANO. I now renew the motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed t.o ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, Arc., were presented under
tberule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BUCKLANI): The petition of S. 13. llub-
buid, and others, citizens of Sandusky city, Ohio,
against the contraction of the national currency, &C.
Also, the petition of  Perry, late private in
forly-mnth regiment Ohio volunteer infantry, for
Uv Mr. DAVTS; The petition of Henry Thaler,
John Shean, and 7!) others, journeymen cigar-makers
and manul'actureis of cigars in the twenty-third con-
gressional district of New York, praying a changc in
tho laws regulating the inspection and stamping of
cigars.
Also, the petition of Messrs. Foot & lien iclc, Michael
Zahin, and 2ft others, <igar manufactuiers, journey-
men cigar-makers, and dealers, ot Onondaga county,
N ew York, praying for acliange inthemodeof impos-
ing taxes on cigars under the internal revenue act.
Also, the petition of William A. Lawrence, William
Kellogg, and 2S others, farmers and manufacturers
of tho twenty-third congressional district of Mew
York, praying legislation to encourage tho culture
of flax.
Bv jvlr. DEMING: The petition of tho Sequassen
Woolen Company, of Windsor. Connecticut, for repeal
of tho five percent, tax on woolen goods.
By Mr. KUGLESTON: Tho memorial of Isabella
Fogg, praying for an increase of her pension.
Also, the memorial of E. (Jest, president of tho Cin-
cinnati and Zanesville Railroad Company, praying
for a reduction of tho duty on iron and steel im-
     Ol
Michigan, praying for relief for improvements made
upon lands settled upon, but diveited by reserva-
tions for Flint and l'ere Marquette railroad.
Bv Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut; The petition
of Francis N. llolley, and others, m relation to tax
on sales of woolen goods. .
By Mr. JIUNTKlt: The memorial of Lorm Palmer,
and others, manufacturers of cigars and dealers in
tobacco, asking that the present tax may be changed
to a specific tax, &<•.
By Mr. INUBRSOLL: The petition of Professor
William Livingston, Rev. Edward Beecher, Lev.
William S. Balch, and 11 others, professors in tho
various institutions of learning m Galosburg, Illi-
nois, asking for an exemption under the income tax
to the amount of SI.200. . .
By Mr. ICELLEY: The petition of Edward Mc-
Manus, Patiick ltonnelly, and John all ers. ines-
senders in quartermaster, subsistence, find miscel-
laneous claim branch of the Third AudiforV of.ice of
the United States Treasuiy, praym* ,ui
increase of pay, their present eompeiwitmn bem.<;
totally inadequateior the labor performed or support
of their families. .
By Mr. McKDK: The petition of 1. V. Camp-
bell, chtimmgpavfor the time he acted as lieutenant
colonel of the seventeenth Kentucky cavalry without
a commission.
Also, the petition of Georpce Baker, claiming com-
pensation ibr use of printing office at Gallatin, Ten-
nessee.
]3y Mr. MARVIN. The petition of David Gather,
private company 0, one hundred and eeventy-
scvonth regiment Now York State volunteer, ior
pennon. , , .
A1m>, the petition of commissioned officers or the
one hundred and seventy-seventh rcg:menr New
York State volunteers, with copy ot evidence of
second lieutenant company C, of that, regiment.
By Mr. KAY-M0.\D: The petition of George H.
IIaywa.nl, and others, gangers of the customs of tho
city of New York, praying ior a-fr increase oi compen-
sation.
