274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
King George, did an act which was, in the
judgment of tlie courts of Pennsylvania, trea-
son against that government. He was a sub-
ject of King George, as all our fathers were,
but he committed the act after" the people of
Pennsylvania had established for themselves
an'independent government." He was brought
to trial, not, to be sure, in a Federal court, be-
cause there was npt then any such tribunal, but
in the courts of Pennsylvania, charged with
the crime of being guilty of treason against
that State; and, after a long and able trial, was
convicted and executed. There, sir, is judi-
cial precedent, showing that when a govern-
ment defacto is established ah individual citizen
not yielding his obedience to it, but attempting
to make war upon it, has, within the limits of
this country and by the judgment of a learned
legal tribunal, been found guilty and executed
for the crime of treason against that govern-
ment, although he claimed protection on ac-
count of what he asserted to be his superior
allegiance to the Crown of Great Britain.
But, sir, the doctrine which I maintain is
older than the case in Dallas. It is the recog-
nized doctrine of England, and has been for
hundreds of years. The student even of Black-
stone is at no loss to know what is the true doc-
trine on this subject. Turn, sir, if you please,
to the fourth volume of Blackstone, page 221,
and you will find the following:
"A usurper who has got possession of the throne is
a king within the meaning of the statute, as there is
a temporary allegiance due to him for his adminis-
tration of the Government and temporary protection
of the public: and therefore treasons committed
against Henry VI were punished under Edward IV,
though all the line of Lancaster had been previously
declared usurpers by act of Parliament. "When,
therefore, a usurper is in possession the subject is
excused and justified in obeying and giving his assist-
ance. Otherwise, under a usurpation no man would
be safe if the lawful prince had a-right to hang him
for obedience to the powers in being, as the usurper
would certainly do for disobedience."
And, sir, the doctrine is found in a princi-
ple of common justice which must ever regu-
late the relation of the citizen to the Govern-
ment. It is utterly impossible, where there
are two Governments claiming obedience from
the individual citizen, that he shall be liable
to be hanged by the one for disobedience and
liable to be hanged by the other for obedience.
It is contrary to reason; it is contrarj'to justice;
it is contrary to that reason which Coke says
is the perfection of tha law, not such reason
as every individual man hath, but such a reason
as if all the heads of the world were put together
they could not form more perfect reason.
But, sir, there is authority for this doctrine
from him who has been called the father of the
Constitution. I refer to Mr. Madison. I pre-
sume it will not be contended by any one that a
citizen of any State of this Union owes any
higher or more paramount allegiance to the
Government of the United States than did an
inhabitant of one of the thirteen colonies of
King George to the Government of Great
Britain. That our fathers owed allegiance to
the Crown and King of Great Britain no one
questions now, or ever did question : but how
did they owe it? What was the doctrine of the
fathers on this subject? They did not owe it
on account of that old doctrine of allegiance,
which has no application at all to this Govern-
ment. I speak now of allegiance in the prin-
ciples in which it exists and in reference to the
circumstances out of which it grew. What is
the origin of this doctrine of allegiance? It
was founded upon the land and had reference
to nothing else. When the conqueror won the
land by his sword, he parceled it out among
his followers, and in consideration of this par-
celing out the lands among his followers they
became his liege subjects, and by virtue of that
bestowal of lands, and nothing else, they came
to owe him personal allegiance. But, sir, that
is not the doctrine of American allegiance; it
is not the doctrine that has everbeen contended
for in this country : it is not the basis of the
American doctrine of allegiance. That arises,
not from any distribution of the domain, the
territory, but simply and solely from citizen-
ship : it springs from citizenship and nothing I
elsel* When a man becomes a citizen then his
duty as a citizen imposes upon him the obliga-
tion of discharging with fidelity every office
incumbent upon him as such citizen. In the
sense, therefore, of citizenship we owe allegi-
ance to the Federal Government.
But, sir, you must recollect that our system
of government is very complex indeed, how-
ever simple it may appear to be to some. Here
is a Federal Government; and what is it? A
Government of limited, delegated powers; a
Government owing its existence to whom? I
know it has been contended by some that "we,
the people of the United States'' made this Gov-
ernment, and that the people of the whole Uni-
ted States are the authors and" founders of the
Federal Constitution. Notso. sir; theyareno
such people; in a strict sense they are the people
of the several States united together for com-
mon, specified objects: and within the scop® of
the power thus delegated to the Federal Gov-
ernment by, not the whole people of the United
States, but by the people of the States respect-
ively, the authority of the Federal Govern-
ment is supreme. But, sir, that same Con-
stitution, which is the evidence of delegated
authority by the States to the Federal Govern-
ment, also recognizes the existence of those
States and reserves to those States or to the
people thereof every power not by the Con-
stitution delegated. Now, here is a State.
You, sir, are a citizen of the State of Con-
necticut ; I of Delaware. How did you ever
come to owe allegiance to this Federal Gov-
ernment, or how did I ever come to owe alle-
giance to the Federal Government? By virtue
of any act of the whole American people?
No, sir. Born 011 the soil of my State, I owe
allegiance to her, and through her act, and
through her act alone, I owe fidelity, citizen-
ship, allegiance, if you please to cail it so, to
the Federal Government within the scope and
to the extent of its limited and delegated pow-
ers ; and I owe it in no other wise, by no other
means, and to no other extent.
Then, sir, I assert the doctrine of Mr. Mad-
ison to have been, and I assert that to have
been the settled doctrine of this country until
a very recent period, that when the authority
of the particular government to which the cit-
izen owes allegiance and the authority of the
Federal Government shall become antagonistic,
irreconcileable, if the citizen, in obediencc to
the command of the particular Government to
which he owed primary allegiance yields to
that authority, and the Federal Government
has not the power and will not protect him, he
does not incur the crime of treason and is not
subject to its penalties.
Now, sir, although I did not intend to say
anything on this subject to-day, inasmuch as I
have referred to it I cite you the authority of
Mr. Madison; and it is to be found in no ob-
scure, out-of-the-way place, in no private let-
ter. They were his utterances in the first Con-
gress of the United States, aud received the
action of the House of Representatives of that
Congress in approval of them ; and they would
have continued, in my judgment, to be the doc-
trine of the present day had not madness and
frenzy seized the hour: had not the southern
people, yielding to the counsels, the advice,
aye, sir, and to the power of many of the lead-
ing men among them, fired upon Fort Sumter
and thus incensed the whole nation. But for
that, reason would never have so far forgotten
the American people as to have charged the
whole mass of them as guilty of crime because
they yielded obedience to authority that they
could not resist.
I stated that I supposed it would not be con-
tended by any one that the allegiance which a
citizen of any State in this Union owes to the
Federal Government is any greater or any
more binding than the allegiance which our
fathers, as subjects of Great Britain, owed _ to
the Crown and Government of Great Britain.
Assuming that to be the fact, I call your atten-
tion to a case which occurred in the early his-
tory of this Government and cite to you the
opinion of Mr. Madison, whose opinions are
authority with the American people and have
always been so considered.
Before the Revolutionary war broke out, be-
fore the Declaration of Independence, there
was a young man who had not arrived at the
age of twenty-one in South Carolina, by the
name of William Smith, who was sent to Eng-
land and the Continent to be educated.. The
Declaration of Independence was proclaimed.
War was raging in the country. Mr. Smith
desired to return to South Carolina and share
the fortunes of her people. He made an at-
tempt, but was taken upon the ocean and car-
ried back to Great Britain. About the close
of the war, however, he returned to South Car-
olina and was elected to the House of Bepre-
sentatives as a member from that State and
was sworn in, and he became one of the most
distinguished members of that body. In a
short time afterward a Dr. Mitchell, of South
Carolina, presented a petition to Congress
praying them to eject Mr. Smith from his seat
as a member of Congress, on the ground that
he had not been a citizen of the United States
for seven years, as the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States required, and it was in the discussion
upon that subject that Mr. Madison uttered the
following opinions. Ag the portion I desire to
read is short, I will read the whole of it :
" What was the situation of the people of America
when the dissolution of their allegiance took place
by the Declaration of Independence? I conceive
that every person who owed this primary allegiance
to the particular community in which he has been
born retained his right of birth as amember of anew
community; that he was consequently absolved from
the secondary allegiance he had owed to the British
sovereign. If he was not a minor he became bound
by Iris own act as a member of the society who sepa-
rated with him from a submission to a foreign coun-
try. If he was a minor, his consent was involved in
the decision of that society to which he belonged by
the ties of nature. What was the allegiance as a cit-
izen ofSouth Carolina he owed to the king of Great
Britain? He owed his allegiance to him as a king
of that society to which as a society he owed his pri-
mary allegiance. When that society separated Irom
Great Britain he was bound by that act and his alle-
giance transferred to that society or the sovereign
which that society should set up, because it was
through his membership of thesociety of South Caro-
lina that he owed allegiance to Great Britain.
"This reasoning will hold good, unless it is supposed
that the separation which took place between these
States and Great Britain, not only dissolved the union
between these countries, but dissolved the union
among the citizens themselves; that the original
compact which made them altogether one society be-
ing dissolved, they could not fall into pieces, each
part making an independent society, but must indi-
vidually revei t into a state of nature; b ut I do not
conceive that this was of necessity to be the case. I
believe such a revolution did not absolutely take
place. But in supposing that this was the case lies
the error of the memorialist. I conceive the colonies
remained as a political society, detached from their
formei connection with another society, without dis-
solving into a state of nature; but capable of substi-
tuting a new form of government in the place of tho
otd one, which they had for spccial consideration
abolished. Suppose the State of South Carolina
should think proper to revise her constitution, abol-
ish that which now exists, and establish another form
of government: surely this would nat dissolve the
social compact? It would not throw them back into
a state of nature? Tt would not dissolve the union
between the individual members of that society? It
would leave them in perfect society, changing only
the mode of action, which they are always at liberty
to arrange. Mr. Smith being then, at the Declara-
tion of Independence, a minor, but being a member
of that particular society, he became, in my opinion,
bound by the decision of the society with respect to
the question of independence and change of Govern-
ment; and if afterward he had taken part with the
enemies of his country, he would have been guilty
of treason againstthat Government to which ho owed
allegiance, and would have been liable to be prose-
cuted as a traitor."
Sir, there has been no friend of the much-
derided doctrine of State rights that has ever
uttered language stronger than that to show
that their citizens in following the fortunes of
the State, especially that portiontif their cit-
izens who only yielded obedience to a power
which they were incapable of resisting, and
yielded obedience to a power against whose
authority there was no Government able or
willing to protect them—I say there has been
no authority cited anywhere stronger than this
to show that such men have not incurred the
crime of treason ; and, sir. I thank God it is
so. I thank God that I do not believe in my
heart that there are eight million American
people that to-day have the^sin and stain of
