1714
THE OONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
ennes and the whites were commenced by Colonel
Chivinston's orders, who sent an officcr down the
Platto to see some Indians who, it was said, had sto-
len some stock, with orders to disarm all the Indians
he met."
And on that subject there were several wit-
nesses who gave their testimony, that it was
alleged some of the Indians had stolen some
stock, and a lieutenant with some troops was
sent after those Indians with an order to arrest
them and disarm them. This lieutenant pro-
ceeded to execute the order. He pursued and
overtook the Indians, and without having any
interpreter, without being able to speak one
word, in the Indian tongue, or to enable the
Indians to understand what demands he
made, after they shook hands with them appa-
rently in friendship, our soldiers commenced
to seize their bows and arrows and disarm the
the Indians, to which they would not submit.
A fight immediately commenced, and then
began the war between the Cheyeunes and the
whites. The blundering folly of these lieuten-
ants on the frontiers, more than all other causes,
has brought on these controversies between
the whites and Indians, which lead to war.
This is what the testimony shows ; I am not
speaking at random:
" The officer proceeded until he met some Indians
coming io with 6omc animals they had found be-
longing to the whites. He rode up to the Indians in
what they thought to be a friendly manner, and, I
think, shook hands with the Indians, and after doing
that he and his men made a grab for the Indians'
arms. The Indians tried to run; the soldiers fired
at them, wounding two; one fell from his horse, but
the Indians rallied and got him off before the whites
could get hold of them. This was a party of Chey-
enne?, I think seven in number. This was tho first
actual conflict between this tribe and the whites.
Very soon aftor Lieutenant Ayres was sent down to
fiursue the Chcyennes; to continue down tho Repub-
iean and Smoky Hill fork to Fort Lamed. He met
a party of Chcyennes on Smoky Hill, who were going
oat on a hunt: they had just left Fort Larned. One
of the chiefs who had been on to Washington the
spring previous was with the party. He went up to
the soldiers, shook hands with them, showed the lieu-
tenant the medal he got from the President, stating
that his Great Father, when giving him the medal,
told him to be always friendly to the whites. This
chief, Lean Bear, was then shot by one of the sol-
diers ; a fifrht then commenced; there were two other
Indians killed, three soldiers killed, and ten or twelve
wounded. The troops then commcnced retreating,
and a running fight was kept up for ten or fifteen
miles; the Indians finally left them, the soldiers
going to Fort Lamed."
Now, Mr. President, that is the manner in
which the great Indian war on the plains origin-
ated. We are coming down to the origin of
the difficulty. It originates from the course
pursued by troops under the command of these
little lieutenants. I do not say that all men
in command of our troops would be guilty of
the same indiscretion. I am only speaking of
the commencement of the difficulties in these
cases.
Mr. CONNESS. Just at this time, if it will
not interrupt the Senator, I should like to know
from him at what rank an Army officer could
command his respect? Nearly a dozen times
already he has emphasized the words "little
lieutenants." Now, Mr. President, little lieu-
tenants are sometimes big men, quite as
big   I will not say that; but I should
like to know at what rank a soldier would have
the respect Of the honorable Senator?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not wish to speak
with disrespect of lieutenants.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator has been
doing it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have given an account
of what was done by Lieutenant Grattan, and
what was done bythe lieutenant of whom I
have just read. What I mean is, that those
lieutenants are generally young men, inex-
perienced, not knowing how to manage, con-
trol, and govern a race like tho Indians with
whom they come in contact. If the best men
and the wisest men could be selected for Indian
agents, and the wisest and best men could be
selected to have command of our troops upon
the frontier, they would avoid, I have no doubt,
these difficulties. I was only stating to the
Senate the real facts, the beginning, the origin
of these Indian wars; for it is these Indian
wars which produce the great amount of ex-
penditures that we desire to avoid.
Sir, let me state a fact, which is stated in
the report of the committee, a fact within my
personal knowledge. When that portion of
the committee who were charged with the
investigation of affairs there, arrived at Fort
Lamed in the southwest part of Kansas, Col-
onel Ford had already issued an order for fif-
teen hundred troops to cross the Arkansas on
the south side to fight with the Camanches,
where there is not a single white man residing,
and where, if he had advanced with his fifteen
hundred men, he could not have found one of
them and obtain a fight. If we were to enter
upon a war with the Camanches we would be I
required to have, as he stated in.his testimony ;
when we came to examine him afterward, at
least ten thousand men, four thousand of whom
should be mounted ; .for in his testimony he
states, what all the world knows, that the
Camanches are the best horsemen on the con-
tinent. The committee prevailed upon him to
countermand the order he had issued and call
back his troops, and not to enter upon a war |
with the Camanches on the south side of the
Arkansas till he should have positive orders
from headquarters. The order was counter-
manded, and the troops were withdrawn. I
only speak of that to show the necessity of
the presence of men who have judgment and
discretion, men connected with the Army or
men connected with the civil administration
of affairs, to advise and control and give direc-
tion to these relations between ourselves and
the Indian tribes, and who know how to pre-
serve the peace as well as how to make war.
Sir, had a war been entered upon at that
time which would have involved us in a war
with the Camanches, it would have cost as
much as any of the Indian wars which we have
had on our hands in years gone by. According
to the report of the Secretary of War, our
Indian wars of 18(34-65 cost over thirty million
dollars. This war with the Camanches, had
it been undertaken, would have cost us any-
where from ten to fifteen, twenty, or thirty mil-
lions, and would have required two or three
years to bring it to a successful termination.
I insist that the troops upon the frontiers are
as responsible for the commencing of those
wars as any other cause.
I know the argument which is used in favor
of the transfer of the Indian Bureau to the
War Department. That question upon both
sides has been considered by the committee.
The argument is stated in this language:
" The argument in favor of It is that in case of hos-
tilities the military forces must assume control of our
relations to the hostile tribes, and therefore it is
better for the War Department to have the entire
control, hoth in peace and in war; secondly, that the
annuity goods and clothing paid to Indians under
treaty stipulations will be more faithfully and hon-
estly made by officers of the regular Army who hold
their places for life, and aresubject to military trials
for misconduct, than when made by the agents and
superintendents appointed under the Intorior Depart-
ment; and thirdly, that it would prevent conflict
between differentDepartments in the administration
of their affairs."
I have the candor to say that these sugges-
tions are not without force. I feel that there
is some force in them, and I balance the weight
of these suggestions against the suggestion*
which are to be made on the other side. I do
not deny that it would be an improvement upon
our Indian system if all our Indian teachers
and agents and farmers held their offices for
life. That is the system in Great Britain.
They appoint their Indian agents and teachers
and missionaries substantially for life, and they
do not require to keep any troops in the neigh-
borhood of their Indian tribes. Of course
they are situated differently from what we are.
We are rushing forward in the tide of emigra-
tion, bringing us necessarily in contact with
the Indians. They are not doing so in the
Province of Upper Canada and in the great
British Columbia. That is the reason, doubt-
less, why there are no conflicts and quarrels
between the whites and Indians about the ad-
ministration of affairs in Canada. I admit if
it were possible for us to have Indian agents
selected to hold their office for a long term of
years, so as to mako it their life business, their
profession, their ambition, it would be better
than our present system.
But, sir, when gentlemen say that officers of
the Army, who, with their commands, must as
a matter of course move from post to post,
whose business and whose profession it is to
deal with troops, to manage troops, to fight
with troops, that that profession fits and adapts
men to take charge ol reservations, to become
agents for Indians, to become farmers, to show
them how to work, it is, in my judgment, a great
mistake. If all the relations which we bear to
the Indian tribes were relations of hostility, if
we were to be always at war with them, I ad-
mit the management of Indian affairs should
go at once to the Army, to their absolute and
unqualified control. But, sir, the relations
of peace are the relations which we desire to
establish and to cultivate with the Indian
tribes ; and while troops, as a matter of course,
are to be used upon the frontier to sustain the
civil administration, we should put those troops
there in aid of the civil administration of the
Government rather than put them there in
supreme power over the civil administration
of the Government.
There are other considerations, Mr. Presi-
dent. I do not desire to take up the time of
the Senate at any considerable length; but
there is this consideration which, in my judg-
ment, should urge the Senate to vote against
the amendment proposed by the House and in
favor of the Senate bill: there is now lying
upon your* table, Senators, a letter from tho
Secretary of the Interior, asking for an appro-
priation of $150,000, for the purpose of send-
ing special commissioners to the Indian tribes
in order to preserve the peace upon the frontier.
The bill of the Senate provides, not for special
commissioners, but for the organization of a
board, whose constant duty it will be to inspect,
to supervise, to take control and charge of our
relations with the Indians in the various dis-
tricts into which they are to be divided. Those
boards are to be constituted in such a manner
as to prevent them from being political ap-
pointments. One is to be assigned as an offi-
cer from the regular Army; one is to be selected
from those persons who shall be named, not by
any particular religious denomination or reli-
gious body, but who shall be named by the
meetings or conventions of any of those bodies.
Some gentlemen have said that this is connect-
ing church and State, connecting Indian affairs
with the church; that this man must necessa-
rily be a minister. Sir, no such thing is re-
quired or is necessary at all; but the purpose
is to prevent its being a political appointment;
the purpose is to satisfy the sense of humanity
and justice of this nation, which is shocked
from year to year in the administration of
Indian affairs. I say to that sense of justice
and propriety of this whole nation, that if the
proposition is now made to deliver the whole
of the Indian tribes over to the absolute, un-
qualified control of the War Department, to
be administered by the Army and the officers
of the Army, it is to deliver them over to the
shortest road to extermination.
The Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams]
says that this is appointing a large number of
officers and incurring a large amount of ex-
pense. How many officers are to be appointed
under this bill? Ten, and only ten. There
are to be five inspection districts, and two near
appointments for each district, and one officer
from the Army assigned annually to join in
constituting this board. The whole of the ad-
ditional expense under the bill will be $40,000.
Sir, if the expenses under this bill were to be
$250,000 it would be still a great economy to
the Government. These men, charged as they
are under the third section with power to sus-
pend agents, superintendents, and all the em-
ployes of the Department; empowered to listen
to the complaints which may be made by the In-
dian tribes; empowered to make peace with the
Indian tribes, are to be a constant and stand-
ing commission. They are to be the ears and
eyes of the Department of the Government
dealing with the Indians, to keep and preserve
