1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1715
the peace. I believe that this board, so con-
stituted, would preserve tlie peace upon our
frontiers.
Let me suppose a case. California, Nevada,
and Arizona arc to constitute one district.
Suppose that my friend from California or
some gentleman from California or fr<5m that
district of equal capacity and standing and
integrity should take charge as chief inspector
of this board; suppose that a colonel or a gen-
eral of the Army were detailed to go with
him; suppose that some gentleman of high
character should be named to become a vis-
itor and join with them, and to that board were
given the power to look after all the Indian
affairs of California, Nevada, and Arizona; I
mean to superintend their administration within
that district. I would not be afraid to guaranty j
that there would not be an Indian war within 1
that Territory if such a board so constituted, i
with power to see the Indians, to hear their i
complaints, to make peace, and to superintend
the administration of affairs. Just so if Ore-
gon, which is to be united with Washington
and Idaho, were put under the charge of a sim-
ilar board. Just so if Minnesota and Dakota
and Upper Montana were placed under the,
superintendence or the inspection of a board
like that. I believe that it would save us from
Indian wars; and if these boards should save !
us from but one Indian war in ten years it j
would pay the whole expense of them. I know
that the simjple presence of three members of
the congressional committee at F<Jrt Larned,
giving their advice, saved a war with the Ca-
manches on the south side of the Arkansas.
I know that these boards, constituted as pro-
posed, seeing the officers of the Army in com-
mand of troops; seeing also the Indian tribes;
seeing also all the officers of the Government
dealing with the Indian tribes, superintending
their affairs, with power to suspend any agent
or employ6 of the Indian department, would
bring to the administration efficiency and suc-
cess. I do not say that it would remove all
our Indian difficulties, because they are a dis-
ease which can never be completely curcd.
The most that we can hope for is amelioration.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is the Senator through?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir; but I desire
to take a vote of the Senate on this bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am utterly opposed to
the bill before the Senate, and I am likewise
opposed to the amendment; and I have been
laboring for some time to take up a bill which is
very important, indeed, the Niagara ship-canal
bill. It must be evident to every Senator that
we shall never get a vote on this bill. We
have now squandered some three or four days
upon it. We have but seven or eight days
left; and in order to get rid of this question
that we never can get rid of any other way, I
move that it be laid on the table forthe purpose
of taking up the Niagara ship-canal bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope we shall have a
vote on the bill itself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We shall never get a
vote if we have these long speeches on it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Let us have the speeches.
There is no more important question before
Congress than this very bill. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Brown, Cattell, Chandler, Conness,
i owlcr, Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane, Sherman,
Stewart, Wade, Williams, and Yates—14.
iS A l S—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fogg, Foster, Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Morrill. Nesmith.Pomeroy, Ross,
Spracne. Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Willey—19.
ABftENI-Messrs. Cowan, Cragin, Creswell, Fre-
hnghuysen, Grimes, Guthrie, Harris, Johnson, Mc-
Dougall, Morgan, Norton, Nye, Patterson. Poland,
Ramsey, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sumner, and Wilson—19.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I com-
menced submitting a few remarks upon the
bill which is now before us the other day, but
was interrupted by the reception of the military
government bill from the House of Represent-
atives. Perhaps I said on that occasion all that
it is necessary for me to say. However, I wish
to call the especial attention of Senators to the
fact that most of the difficulty in the manage-
ment of onr Indian affairs arises out of the fact
that nobody is responsible for the Indian depart-
ment ; that there is no head; that there is no-
body who has a right to control or who is respon-
sible for our treatment of the Indians. The
two Departments are constantly working at
cross purposes. Each is blaming the other.
When there is an Indian war without consulta-
tion with the military, a little Indian agent
will slip in and make a treaty of peace with the
Indians before the war is properly concluded,
giving the Indians time to recuperate ; giving
them time foj the grass to grow, and then
they start again with the war. There is no
fixed and firm policy. If the Indian Bureau
is to constitute a part of the Interior Depart-
ment turn the whole matter over to the Inte-
rior Department; do not have two contending
parties.
Sir, this subject has come under my personal
observation for "the last fifteen or eighteen
years. Every time murders are committed,
every time anything is complained of, the War
Department charge it to the Interior Depart-
ment, and the Interior Department charge it
to the War Department. This difficulty is re-
alized in full by the War Department. In the
report of General Grant, in which he submits
for the consideration of Congress the reports
of different military officers, these difficulties
are enumerated, and any one on a moment's
reflection can see that they are insurmountable.
While this question is before Congress let it be
settled. Either take it out of the hands of the
War Department altogether and have no sol-
diers there at all, and send your missionaries
and your peace-makers and have it understood
that there is to be no protection except what
they can give by persuading the savages to be
humane and not kill any more than is abso-
lutely necessary ; have that understood, or have
it understood that there is a responsible De-
partment dealing with the Indians; that they
must comply with their contracts ; that they
must comply with their treaties; and that this
Government has power to enforce its treaty
obligations. This is very forcibly put by Brig-
adier General Pope in his report. He says :
" General: Incompliance with your suggestions,
I have the honor to submit the followingleadingrea-
sons why the Indian Bureau should bo retransferred
tothe War Department. Theviewswhich Ishall sub-
mit are by no means original, but are well-settled
opinions of every officer of the Army who has had
experience of the subject, and are and have been
entertained for years by nearly every citizen of the
Territories not directly or indirectly connected with
tho present system of Indian management."
I indorse that.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator inform
me from what document he is reading?
Mr. STEWART. I am reading from a letter
of Major General Pope. It is indorsed by Gen-
eral Grant, and sent to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs of the House of Representatives.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What does General
Grant say indorsing it?
Mr. STEWART. He submits it to the con-
sideration of the committee:
"Respectfully forwarded to the Secretary of War,
with request that these copies be sent to the Mili-
tary Committees of the United States Senate and
IIouso of Representatives and the honorable Secre-
tary of tho Interior."
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is not an indorse-
ment.
Mr. STEWART. I indorse this statement,
for I have seen this difficulty. If it wants an
indorsement, I am prepared to indorse it per-
sonally. I have seen the difficulty, and any
man who has lived in the Territories must have
seen it:
"1. Under pfcsent circumstances there is a divided
jurisdiction over Indian affaire,"
That is true.
"While the Indians are officially at peace, abort-
ing to treaties negotiated with them by the civil offi-
cers of the Indian Bureau, the military forces sta-
tioned in the Indian country have no jurisdiction
over the Indians, and, of consequence, no certain
knowledge of their feelings or purposes, and no
powor to take an action, either of a precautionary
or aggressive character."
That is when a treaty has been made, they
are officially at peace, and they remain offi-
cially at peace until after the killing is done :
"The Crst that is known of Indian hostilities, is a
sudden report that the Indians have commcnccd a
war, and have devastated many miles of settlements,
or massacred parties of emigrants or travelers. By
the time such information roaches the military com-
1 mander the worst has been accomplished, and the
Indians have escaped from the scene of outrage.
Nothing is left to the military except pursuit, and
generally unavailing pursuit. The Indian agents
are careful never to locate their agencies at the mili-
tary posts for reasons very well understood. It is
not in human nature that two sets of officials, respon-
sible to different heads, and not in accord either in
opinion or purpose, should act together harmo-
niously; and instead of combined, there is very cer-
tain to be conflicting action. The results are what
might be expected. It would be far bettertodevolve
the whole management of Indians upon one or tho
other Department, so as to secure at least consistent
and uniform policy."
This I indorse, because I have seen it. I
have heard the excuses of both parties and
seen these difficulties in the Territories where
I have lived, and where they came under my
personal observation. When any outrage oc-
1 curred, and we called upon the military, they
; would attribute it to some action of the Indian
agents, and the Indian agents would be full of
thair excuses and their representations. No-
body can be held responsible. If our pioneers
I are to be murdered every year by the hundreds,
as they are now; if our thoroughfares are to
j be obstructed ; if the progress of the settle-
I ment of the great West is to be retarded by
! Indian depredations, I am anxious to know
what Department is responsible for it. I want
to give the control of Indian affairs exclusively
to one Department, so that we can look to that
Department, and there shall be no excuses for
1 misconduct:
"At war, the Indians are under tho control of tho
military; at peace, under the control of tho civil offi-
cers. Exactly what constitutes Indian hostilities is
not agreed on; and besides this, as soon as the mili-
tary forces, after a hard campaign, conducted with
great hardship and at large expense, have succeeded
in forcing the Indians into such a position that pun-
ishment is possible, the Indian, seeing the result and
the impossibility of avoiding it, immediately pro-
claims his wish to make peace. The Indian agent,
anxious for manifest reasons, to negotiate a treaty,
at once interferes ' to protect' (as he expresses it) the
Indians from tho troops, and arrests the further pros-
ecution of the military expedition, just at the mo-
ment when results are to be obtained by it, and the
whole labor and cost of the campaign are lost."
Here you spend millions in sending out your
armies to fight the Indians, and as soon as the
armies have any prospect of success, the Indian
has perfect protection from the Army by going
to an Indian agent and making peace. As-
soon as the Army is withdrawn he proceeds to
destroy the frontier settlements, to murder
women and children ; he is again pursued by
the Army; and as soon as the Army have it in
their power to obtain practical results by his
destruction or capture, he proceeds to the
Indian agent again and makes peace. So he
cares nothing for the Army; he does not fear
your Army because he has complete protection
when he goes to the Indian agent; and thus it
is that we have nothing but crimination and
recrimination between the two Departments
and constant slaughter of the pioneers.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him whether he understands
that by law we have divided any authority
between the War Department and the Interior
Department with regard to the care and man-
agement of the Indians?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir, by law.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the Senator refer me
to that law?
Mr. STEWART. I will tell the Senator just
exactly how the law stands. The law provides
that when the Indian is at war he shall be under
the control of the War Department.
Mr. MORRILL. What statute says that ?
Mr. STEWART. What statute gives the
control of Indian affairs to the Army in case
of war? I apprehend they can do it independ-
, ent of statute. I think when any party makes
I war against us there is plenty of law author-
izing the Military Department to protect the
inhabitants in case of a war with the Indians.
Mr. MORRILL. If «ny honorable friend
refer# to a practice on the port of the Army
