1716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
then I am not at issue with him ; but if he main-
tains that there is any law which authorizes the
interference of the military I take issue with
him.
Mr. STEWART. I undertake to say that
there is law authorizing the interference of the
military, or every military man in the United
States is directly or indirectly a murderer.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator from Ne-
vada will permit me, we were told only a few
moments since by the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin that it had cost $1,500,000 in the
Territory of New Mexico under the adminis-
tration of the War Department or a military
commander there to feed six thousand Indians
and take care of them. Now, I should like to
suggest to the honorable Senator from Maine
whether that is all being done without law and
without authority of law, or whether it argues a
general control or not. If it is true, it is a very
sad truth; and I shall speak of that in another
connection. They are held as prisoners said
one Senator. It is under appropriations said
another Senator. Why, sir, they are under
the direction of military control and have been
kept there for eighteen months last past; and
more too, says the Senator from Wisconsin.
Is not that a joint control?
Mr. MORRILL. The honorable Senator
comes very near proving what I suggested
when I spoke of the practice of the military as
opposed to the law in the case. I have no
controversy to settle with the honorable Sena-
tor from California on this question, and I
might very respectfully refer him to the honora-
ble Senator to whom he referred as having
made the statement. But I have yet to learn
that there is any divided authority on this ques-
tion. The Interior Department has the abso-
lute and unqualified control of this whole sub-
ject, and any interference on the part of the
military is unauthorized. Of course, when we
are in a state of war whether with the Indians
or any other people, wo are under the rules of
war ; but the management of the Indians is
confided exclusively by law to the Interior
Department of the Government.
Mr. STEWART. Then, according to the
Senator from Maine, we are expending from
ten to thirty millions per annum to carry on
Indian wars without authority of law. I under-
take to say that the War Department is guilty
of one grand embezzlement, and the Army of
the United States are guilty of the crime of
murder, if they have no legal authority to
spend this money and no legal authority to
make war upon the Indians. But, sir, I ap-
prehend that the Secretary of War and General
Grant and all our Army officers are not in the
Bad predicament of having squandered thirty
millions of money without authority of law, and
having made war upon the Indians and killed
them without authority of law. If they have
done so, if their acts were not legal, we had
better have them tried at once for the embezzle-
ment of the money and for the murder of the
Indians. I suppose our statute-books are full
of laws which authorize the military authorities
to protect the inhabitants and make appropria-
tions for that purpose.
But if it be true that this thing is entirely
under the control of the Department of the
Interior, why do they complain of the War
Department not doing its duty ? Why do they
shift the responsibility? Why do they not pro-
tect the frontier inhabitants? Why do they
allow our highways to be blockcd up ? Why
do they allow the women and children upon
the plains to be murdered yearly, almost daily?
Why do they permit these things? Sir, the
system is a failure. Every gentleman who has
lived in the Territories where it has operated
will bear testimony that it is a failure. It is
said that by patching it up a little and giving a
few more officers they can remedy it. Taking
np this morning one of the leading papers of my
State, the Gold Hill Daily News, edited by a
gentleman who has lived many years in that
country, I find an article on this very subject,
from which I will read an extract:
" The recent shocking massacre st Fort Phil. Kear-
ney calls public attention afresh to the defects of our
Indian policy. This policy is only perpetual war.
The worst class of politicians seek Indian Agencies
for the opportunities they afford for plunder; tile
Indians are cheated and abused and kept in perpet-
ual exasperation; they make treaties only to break
, them, and the border settlements and great routes of
J. travel across the continent are rendered unsafo by
I them. The first thing to be done in_tlio way of rem-
! edy for these abuses on both sides is to transfer the
jl control of Indian affairs to tke War Department.
[' The Army has nothing else to do at present, and
i there is no service it can render of more importance
1 than to effect a permanent settlement of the Indian
!; difficulties. General Grant advocated this in his
!! annual report, and Generals Sherman and Pope, and
indeed all our commanders who have had anything
1 to do with the Incfcans, agree that this is the true
! policy.
This is the sentiment of every journal pub-
! lished in that region and of every public man
who has lived there long enough to see the
] workings of the system. It is time a remedy
| were applied. The results of this conflicting
i jurisdiction between the War Department and
the Interior Department is visited not upon
these Departments, but upon the pioneers and
the innocent inhabitants. The Indians are not
benefited. A large amount of money is ap-
propriated to each Department for this service.
The transfer will certainly not increase the
amount to be expended.
But it is complained that the Army officers
are not suitable persons for this business. I
believe the Army, as now constituted, is well
fitted for it. This results from the fact that
those now in the service have been selected
as a general thing for meritorious deeds; se-
lected on account of their high character.
Certainly men in the military service under
present circumstances can be trusted more
than irresponsible persons who are appointed
for political reasons. If we turn this bureau
over to the War Department the officers of the
Army will be responsible; as military men
they can be called to account, they can be
tried, they can be removed for breach of duty.
With the present efficient organization of the
Army I believe the War Department will hold
its agents to a strict accountability. There is
more pride, more character in the Army than
there was before it did the important service
it has rendered in the suppression of the rebel-
lion. Men of character are in it, and I say the
War Department can select from the Army and
appoint to this duty men who will be more re-
sponsible, men who will be more likely to be
trusted by the community, men who will have
the confidence of the community, men who
will discharge their duties under the obliga-
tions of their official oath and under the obli-
gations of the Army regulations better than
A, B, and C, picked up we do not know where
for mere political services which they have
rendered, and placed in charge of this impor-
tant trust.
Besides, under the present system, as soon
as an agent gets to know anything about his
business he is probably removed. Removals
frequently take place every four years. An
Indian agent is not left in office long enough
to become familiar with the business he has to
attend to. You are constantly educating men
for this business, and as soon as they become
familiar with it turning them out. The Army
is so organized that when you get a good man
in the right place he is likely to be kept there :
he will be kept there long enough to do some
good. The complaint of the present system,
made by the Senator from Wisconsin, is that
the officers are changed too often. Turn it
over to the War Department and there will be
no necessity for frequent changes.
But, sir, it has been suggested that turning
it over to the War Department means the ex-
termination of the Indians. I deny it. They
can be put upon their reservations and kept
there if you have responsible agents; but if
no one is responsible for them that system
will not be carried out. I deny that this trans-
fer means extermination. The War Depart-
ment is just as humane as the Interior Depart-
ment. It does not mean extermination; it
means protection. The War Department is
the Department to which we have to look for
protection in the end. Tell me not that offi-
cers of the Army will be more cruel and unjust
to the Indians than mere speculating Indian
agents! Such a suggestion is a reflection upon
the Army that ought to be repelled at once.
Besides, the Indian respects shoulder-straps;
he respects the warrior, and lie likes to deal
with warriors, and he does not look upon any-
body as honorable unless he is a warrior.
Every Indian that is of any account is a war-
rior. Let him deal with those that he respects
as a class. Civilians he has a great contempt
for. He will use them to avoid punishment
I by the Army, and cheat them the next hour.
| I believe the proposed change will save ex-
pense. I believe it will protect the frontier
inhabitants. I believe the experiment ought
to be tried, and ought to be tried now, or as
soon as the interests of the country will admit,
for the present system is a failure. If you give
I the War Department the sole control, they
have the machinery to accomplish the purpose;
[ they have the right men at the head of affairs
, in that Department to do it, and they can
j accomplish it. The other Department has not
the machinery to enforce its mandates, has not
the power to keep its employes in office when-
ever there is a change in the politics of the
Administration. It has no control really over
the subject with which it is dealing ; is acting
constantly in connection with the War Depart-
ment in one sense, and yet constantly in con-
flict with it, so that the two Departments are
working at cross purposes. The present sys-
tem has been tried for twenty years and is a
failure. Now, let the War Department have
exclusive jurisdiction, and let us hold it respon-
sible. Mr. Stanton, General Grant, and the
whole Army are willing to take this responsibil-
ity; and if they do not keep the peace some,
body will be responsible for the management
of Indian affairs. Now nobody is. There has
not been an Indian disturbance in my recollec-
tion but there has been a dispute as to who
has been to blame for it. The fact has been
patent that somebody has been to blame;
somebody has been negligent; somebody has
failed to perform his duty. The settlers have
suffered. As everybody acknowledges, the
present condition of things is such that each
Department charges it upon the other, and in
that way each avoids the responsibility, and we
who live among the Indians suffer.
I fear this bill, because it adds more officers,
more power to continue the present system. I
do not believe patching it up with more Indian
agents is going to better it. It merely strength-
ens a bad system and makes more officers, and
it will make it more difficult to get rid ot' the
system next year. If we cannot change it now
to the War Department let us kill the bill. Do
not strengthen a bad system. There are now
Indian agents enough if they were good for
anything, if the system would work, if they
had any power or responsibility. Adding more
Indian agents will have the effect of giving
more influence to continue the system. I am
opposed to the system, and I am opposed to
having more officers underit. We have officers
enough paid by the Government now. Let us
have officers amenable to military law. who
can be punished if they do wrong. Thev are
willing to take the responsibility ; and I say it
is the duty of Congress to turn over the Indian
Bureau to the War Department at once.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is not my purpose to
participate to any extent in this debate. I
deem it proper, however, to answer one point
made by the Senator from Nevada. The burden
of his argument is that there is a divided juris-
diction over the Indians ; the Indian depart-
ment, the civil department, has its jurisdic-
tion, and the Military Department also has a
jurisdiction : and they conflict and produce the
evils of which complaint is made. I am sur-
prised to hearthat proposition from the Senator
from Nevada. It is only two or three days
since he voted for a bill extending this very
divided jurisdiction over ten of the States of
this Union, in which there is no war, and in
express terms saying that the military may
