TRE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
power which he possesses under the Constitu-
tion. Has power under the Constitution we can-
not in any way impair. Then the only effect
■ol the repeal will be an expression, as it may be
understood by the country, of the will of Con-
frsss against the policy that Is pursued by the
jxeeutive. I think thafcpolicy is the wise one,
and therefore I shall regret, to have any ex-
pression made ,by.Congress against that policy,
or any expression which may be so construed.
A singular sulyeet has been introduced into
the debate^ Mr. President: the responsibility
for the failure to bring Mr. Jefferson Davis to
trial. I am not able to see exactly how it con-
nects itself with this bill. The President of
the United States has not pardoned him. I
understand the Senator from Michigan, who
addressed the Senate a few minutes ago, [Mr.
Howard,] to lay any responsibility there may
be upon that subject to the charge of the Presi-
dent of the United States. I am not able to see in
what way the President of the United States can
control the action of the courts. The Senator
suggested that he had undertaken at a former
time to prove that Mr. Jefferson Davis could
be tried in any of the States into which the
war was carried. I do not propose to discuss
that question now. I understand that the late
Attorney General of the United States, Mr.
Speed, gave an opinion adverse to that view.
But, sir, suppose that Mr. Jefferson Davis
could be tried in the State of Pennsylvania
bepause of the invasion of that State by one
of the southern armies, is it within the power
of the President of the United States to bring
him to trial within the State of Pennsylvania?
If in fact he can be tried there, how, and what
power of the Government is to bring him to
that trial? Has the grand jury of either of the
districts in Pennsylvania preferred an indict-
ment against him? Is there a pending case in
Pennsylvania which would justify the President
of the United States in' sending him into that
State for trial? Although the position of the
Senator were conceded, how does that show
any fault as against the Executive on this ques-
tion? If the judiciary in Pennsylvania have
taken no steps to bring him to trial, how can
the Executive bring him to trial in that State?
Asl understand, an indictmenthas been found
against him in but one court, and that is in the
circuit court of the United States for the district
of Virginia. The Chief Justice of the United
States presides in that court. Is he responsible
for the failure to bring Mr. Davis to trial ? I do
not choose to discuss that. The Chief Justice
has given to the country the reasons which have
governed him in not bringing him to trial in
Richmond. I think his reason a year ago or
more was that martial law prevailed' in the State
of Virginia, and therefore he would not under-
take to hold a civil court where the power was
divided between the military and the civil au-
thorities ; that he would not be justifiedin trying
him in a civil court while the military courts
had any authority in the State. Whether that
was a sufficient reason or not I do not choose to
discuss. That was the reason assigned by him.
I do not understand that the Chief Justice said
that the fault was with the President or that there
was any fault about it, but simply that at that
time martial law prevailed in Virginia and it
was not proper for him to hold a court there.
I do n ot know authoritatively from himself what
reason governs him now. There is no pretext
that martial law divides the sway with the civil
authority in that State. For months past the
civil authority has been supreme in the State of
Virginia. Why is Jefferson Davis not brought
to trial upon an indictment the finding of which
is known to all the country? I understand, as
has been suggested by the Senator from Mary-
land, the last reason assigned is that under the
adjustment of the districts and circuits by the
law of the last session the judges cannot hold
their courts in the circuits.
Mr. JOHNSON. Until there is an assign-
ment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, until there is an
assignment of the judges by legislative author-
ity. I am not able to see how that will apply
January 4,
to the circuit in Virginia for the reason, as I
understand, that the limits and number of that
circuit have not been changed % the legisla-
tion, but that the number of the circuit and its
extent is now what it was before the legislation
spoken of.
Mr. JOHNSON. The circuit is extended in
its jurisdiction.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Mary-
land informs m6 that the circuit is extended in
its jurisdiction; but I will ask the Senator
whether the number of the circuit has been
changed: whether the number is not the same ?
Mr. JOHNSON. The number is the same,
I suppose. _ If the Senator will permit me, I
will say in justification, i£,it requires justifica-
tion, of the opinion of the Chief Justice, that
the change of the circuits takes from the judges
the authority to hold courts in the circuits that
they before presided over. That view was con-
curred in by nearly all the judges of the court.
They supposed that that must be the state of
things until the judges themselves, as they arc
authorized to do under the old law, shall assign
the circuits over again. There are one or two
judges who think differently; but they all think
that so far as the districts are concerned in the
circuits the district judge should hold the court,
and- that the district judge is also competent to
hold the_ circuit court. The case, therefore, of
Mr. Davis in the circuit court of Virginia might
be tried by the district judge; but I suppose
that the Chief Justice and the counsel for the
prisoner, too, would be unwilling to have the
case tried before a district judge, because there
is some doubt whether in a capital case a dis-
trict judge is competent to try the cause with-
out the presence of the circuit judge. That
was the opinion of the late Chief Justice of the
United States. My impression at the time was,
and still is, that it was an erroneous opinion ;
but still the opinion of such a man as Mr. Taney
was entitled to all weight, and certainly entitled
to more weight than any opinion I could give;
and our district judge does decline and has
always declined to try any cases the punishment
of which is death.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not suppose any
considerable sentiment in the country would
desire the trial of Mr. Davis by any judge
other than the judge of the Supreme Court
assigned to that circuit, so that the questions
of law, when they come to be decided on that
trial, shall have weight and influence in the
country. I was not myself able to see why
the circuits should require a new assignment
when the number of the circuit itself had not
been changed. But I care nothing about that.
It 13 a question 
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Indiana will permit me, while he is on that
question, I should like to inquire if there is
any difficulty under the law as it stands in the
Supreme Court assigning themselves to the
respective circuits.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe not; until
recently they have not been m session since
the passage of the law. I believe the law
that changed the circuits was approved since
the adjournment of the court last spring.
Therefore since its passage they have not been
in session till recently. Whether they have
made a reassignment I do not know.
Mr. TlbUMBULL. The Senator from In-
diana will pardon me for interrupting him;
but I should like to inquire—1 have not looked
at the law—if it is not in the power of the
judges to assign themselves V Is it done by an
order of the court? My impression was that
the judges possessed authority under the law
to assign themselves to the respective circuits.
I hav.e not looked at the law; but it seems to
me there can be no doubt about that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not intend to en-
ter upon a question like that in this debate. I
know that the judge of the circuit, in which I
Eractice, who is a very able mau indeed. Judge
•avis, hesitated to hold the circuit court until
there was areassignmentby the Supreme Court
in banc. He did not understand that lie could
hold the court in his circuit at the last term
because of this difficulty. If that is a suffi-
excuse for the Chief Justice, let it be so.
I shall be very much gratified if it is; but it is
not right, it is not fair to charge upon the
Executive that which is exclusively under the
control of the judiciary. Is there any Senator
who would desire to - see the Executive under-
take to control the action of the Judiciary, to
say what causes shall be tried and when tbev
shall be tried?
But, Mr. President, I rose simply to say that
my objection to this bill is not that it would
take from the President any power which I
think he possesses under the Constitution, but
that it will be made to be understood in the
country as the ^ expression of Congress against
the policy which I think for the good of the
country.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Indiana has erected a windmill, and
then leveled his lance and charged Don Quixote
like upon it. I made no charge against the
President of the United States j none whatever.
I neither charged him with selling individual
pardons nor with selling proclamations of par-
don. I made no charge at all. I will read
what I did say :
" Mr. President, it is a notorious fact, as notorious
as the records of a court, that pardons have been for
sale around this town, for sale by women, and more
than one woman. The records of your court in the
District of Columbia show this."
Again, I said:
"This is a matter of public record, a matter that
every man knows who has read the newspapers or
examined the records of your courts, and I have it
from one of the judges of the court of this District
that such is the fact."
I made no charge that the President had
sold pardons or even knew that pardons were
sold ; but I stated the fact that they were sold
and gave the authority on which I made the
statement. Again, I said:
"If the President has these powers under the Con-
stitution let him exercise them; but in God's name
give him no greater power than he possesses under
the Constitution."
I did not say that the section which this bill
proposes to repeal either diminished or in-
creased his powers; but if it did increase his
powers I desired to restrict him to his consti-
tutional powers. But I will now say, sir, that
when these disgraceful facts were brought to
the knowledge of the President he denounced
the man who brought them to his knowledge,
and the nefarious business went on for months
afterward; and the intimacy of those individ-
uals who had been selling pardons continued
at the White House for months after it had
been brought to his knowledge that pardons
were being sold. I did not make this statement
before, but I make it now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am glad to hear the
Senator disclaim an intention to make the
charge against the President. I had not been
able to understand his language otherwise, hut
I am glad now of his statement upon the sub-
ject. He said:
"The records of yourcourt in the District of Colum-
bia show this. Any Senator who desires tliat dis-
graceful business to go on, of course desires that this
clause shall remain ; any Senator who desires to stop
that disgraceful business, desires that tho clause shall
be instantly repealed."
That was the Senator's language. The only
authority given in this section was to issue a
proclamation of pardon, and I was not able
therefore to understand the Senator's lan-
guage, and I am very glad of his explanation
on this occasion.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will look
at the remarks made by me a few moments
before he will find this language which I just
now read:
"If the President has_ these powers under the Con-
stitution, let him exercise them; but in God's name
give him no groator power than he possesses under
the Constitution,"
which is of itself a sufficient explanation of
my position.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As something has been
said about the question of the allotment of
judges, and an impression seems to have pre-
vailed iu some quarters that there was an inad-
vertence on the part of Congress in not pro-
