1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1041
without any authority of law in the world,
and you have seen him take the very same ma-
terial out of which they were built and build
new organizations; and then yon have seen him
turn around and confront the American Con-
gress and tell them that they must recognize
those organizations which he made himself, and
■clothe them with the prerogatives of American
States; and when you hesitated to do that,
when you refused to do that, you have seen him
turn to the American people, your constituents,
the men whose representatives you are, and
tell tliem to remove you from your places; -and
he really hoped to do it, he really hoped to
secure a verdict of your constituents against
your acts. What was the ground of that hope
of his? Simply that you left in his hands this
patronage. He was made to believe that the
American people would follow that. He was
made to believe that they would give up the
cause for which they had been struggling for
six years, the cause in which they had poured
out so much blood and sacrificed so much life,
rather than to give up those emoluments which,
by your enactments and not by his, arc attached
to these several offices.
I say this; I think I am warranted in saying
it by the very logic of every thing that trans-
pired during that canvass. You know that
■one of his Cabinet ministers was said to have
proclaimed during the last session of Congress
that no man could partake of the President's
bread and butter unless ho would support the
President's policy; and I cut yesterday from a
Eaper of my own State a letter purporting to
ave been written by a gentleman I know very
well, a resident of Wisconsin, a very able man, a
very adroit politician, written on the 2-lth of
February last, which, ass it contains a more
•explicit statement of this policy and this rea-
soning than I can frame in the course of my
remarks, I beg leave to produce.
It is dated Milwaukee, February 24, 1866,
•and is as follows:
"My dkar Sir: Inclosed please find check on New
yoi k for thirty dollars, the amount of one thousand
copies of your great speech. Mr. Sholes and myself
have sent thorn thoroughly over the State.
"The veto [of the Freedmcn'sBureaubillJ is popular
here. The ratification meeting was a most decided
■success. I like the speech of the President on the
22d. It is straightforward and to the point. The
people can understand it, andit explains somethings
that might before have seemed mysterious to them.
i inclose you a slip from the pajier of the postmaster
at Whitewater. Howlon^ is this state of tilings to
last? Are you and the President to be hunted down
by your own officials? My advice is that a few—say
Only two or three—removals take place in this State
just to .show that lightning can strike. In every
instance the plaocsshould bo filled by wen who have
honorably served in the war and who voted fur Lin-
coln and Johnson."
Offices were not to be given to those who
supported the President's policy, but to be
.given to those who would leave the Republican
party and go over to the other party to sup-
port the President's policy,
" A little of this kind of medicine nowaudconsid-
-erable more of it before the first of September will
unseat IIown certain, and make Cobb, Paine, Saw-
yer, and McIxdoe's condition precarious. This
State nextfall will go for Johnson by from fifteen
to twenty thousand, if matters are only managed
judiciously, and much of this depends upon the action
■of the Administration in defending itself.
Yours truly, J. A. NOGNAF.
Hon. J. It. Dooltttle, Washington.
Now, Mr. President, it is no answer to say
that these friends of the President or that the
President himself was mistaken in his calcula-
tion. I know they were mistaken ; I knew well
enough they would be mistaken; but the fact
that sneh calculations can be based upon this
•employment of the patronage which you, and
not the Constitution or the makers of the Con-
stitution, put in his hands; the faet that such
calculations can be based upon your action is
enough to cause you to hesitate, to consider,
and reverse what you have done heretofore;
reverse the whole of it, and not part of it.
This whole enterprise was a plain violation
of the Constitution. The Constitution declares
that—
"All legislative powers herein granted shall be
vested in a Congress of tho United States, which
shall consist of a Senate and House of Representa-
tives."
39th Cong. 2d Sess.-—No. 66.
In defiance of that plain declaration, of the
instrument, you saw a President who thought
he had more legislative power than all of you,
and it was because, and only because, he had
this patronage in his hands.
Mr. President, it is the purpose of this bill
to restrict this power of removal; but when
you assert the power to restrict it you affirm
the power to destroy it. If the President has
by the Constitution the power to remove one
officer whom you have helped to make, he has
power to remove every one of them, and you
ought to acknowledge it and not attempt to
restrict it. If he cannot remove the whole, he
cannot remove any one without your permis-
sion ; but when yon affirm your power to take
from him the right to remove one officer, you
do in effect declare the right to take from him
tho power to remove any one and every one.
Having asserted the power to restrict, I ask
the American Senate, in the name ot' Heaven,
why not destroy this power at once, put an end
to it, to the whole of it?
I ask the Senate to destroy this power be-
cause it is only by destroying, not by restricting
it, that you can accomplish any real good, and
by destroying it you will return the American
President to the sphere of labor and of duty
assigned to him by the Constitution, and you
will restore his subordinates to their manhood,
of which they have not caught sight during their
official terms.
The bill proposes, as I said, to restrict this
power of removal. The bill proposes to deny
to him the right to remove auy one of the offi-
cers who have been appointed by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, except the
heads of Departments. I ask you why except
the heads of Departments? I have listened
from the beginning of this discussion for a sound
and sensible reason for this distinction. I am
bound to say, and yet I wish to say it with the
utmost respect for the great ability of those
who have participated in the discussion, that
I have been compelled to wait so far in vain.
I have not heai d a reason which has affected
my understanding. Very likely the fault is in
my understanding and not in the reasoning
employed; but after all I must, out of justice
to my Maker, insist that if you have good rea-
sons, I have understanding enough to compre-
hend them when you fairly state them to me.
It was said, indeed it was said by my friend
from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] that we ought
to leave the President so much authority as to
remove the head of a Department out of re-
spect to the presidential office. Why, sir, the
earlier Presidents of the United States though
they had this power did not exert it, and I
never have understood that they fell short in
the respect of the American people because
they did not exert it. The later Presidents
of the United States having no more power
have exerted it, and I have not discovered that
they have gained any in the respect of the
American people because of it.
If it be so, that respect for the presidential
office depends upon the patronage ho has to
distribute, your whole bill is a blunder, if it is
not a crime. If you cannot entertain respect
for an officer who cannot give you "bread and
butter," for God's sake do not take any of
this authority from the present President; he
is tho last one we can afford to strip of any of
his titles to respect. We never had one that we
could afford to detract from less. Iteverse
your action on this bill, pile up patronage in
his hands, if you cannot respect a President
without it. For myself, I know I will never
respect a President of the United States, nor
will the American people respect another Presi-
dent of tho United States, until you turn him
from the work which I called the other day the
peddling of patronage, and turn him again to
the discharge of his legitimate duties. Let us
see once more an American President stand-
ing up as the first magistrate of the nation,
doing justice, and commanding justice to be
done, not as the organ of a party, but as the
minister of a nation. Then "I shall begin once
more to respect the presidential office, never
until that time. It is whispered that I shall
have to wait, a long time for that day. I shall
have to wait until I find an American Legisla-
ture which will undo deliberately the work
which the first American Legislature carelessly
did, a work which they never would have done,
and you know they never would, if they could
have foreseen the consequences of their own
action. When James Madison stood there and
defended the provision to confer this power
upon the President, you know lie did not con-
ceive that we should come to electing Presi-
dents for no other purpose than to dispense
patronage; you know he did not conceive that
we should come to elect Presidents who would
confer it for the express purpose of rewarding
partisan political friends, and you know he
said that whenever that was done it would con-
stitute a ground for impeachment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. _ If my friend will allow
me, in answer to his imputation of knowledge
to mo that I do not possess, I wish to say a
word. _ Itappears from Mr. Madison's speeches
and writings that he did contemplate the abuse
of power on the part of the Chief Executive in
every conceivable way, and he went so far as
to point out how such abuses of power under
such administrations of the laws should bo pre-
vented and punished. Therefore I think it
unjust to Mr. Madison to say that he did not
foresee that the Chief Executive might com-
mit precisely the improprieties that aro now
laid against the President.
Mr. HOWE. My friend cavils with me
about the employment of words. The possi-
bility that a President might abuse this power
he did foresee, because as my friend says he
did, and as I said before, he did suggest the
remedy. The remedy was, as I said, by im-
peachment, and he thought if that degenerate
day ever did come in American politics, when
the President should prostitute this patronage
to the work of rewarding political partisan
friends, we should have an American Con-
gress brave enough and honest enough to re-
move him from office. The first day came
long ago. We have seen tho President for a
long time doing that. The Congress which
Mr. Madison supposed we should see has not
yet made its advent. As yet we do not seem
even to find a Congress which will withdraw
from the President tho authority of law to
repeat these impeachable offenses.
Others said, I think my friend the Senator
from Vermont said, that the President ought
to have this power of removing the heads of
Departments, because they were the confiden-
tial counselors and advisers of the President,
and I think the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fjss-
sendex] echoed that sentiment and enforced
it. Sir, if you mean to say that the Constitu-
tion made them such, that the Constitution
designed they should be the confidential coun-
selors and advisers of the President, all I can
do is to deny it. You might just as well assert
that the Constitution designed they should be
his sisters. There is not a line or a letter in
the Constitution which indicates either.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It says they shall give
him opinions when he asks for them.
Mr. ITOWE. Yes, sir; and because it says
they shall give him opinions, I -tttand upon that
very clause and say the Constitution never con-
templated any such thing as you say ought to
exist. If the makers of the Constitution had
intended that the Secretary of State and of
the Treasury should bo the mere tools and the
lackeys of tho President, which your law makes
them, instead of providing in that fundamental
law that he might call on them for written opin-
ions, the Constitution would have said that he
should not call on them to black his hoots nor
to groom his horses. I am not sure but you
will have to put that clause into the Constitu-
tion, if you mean to make the heads of your
Departments occupy respectable positions for
any great length of time. Do you find any
statute authorizing the Senate to calf on your
Clerk for any information about the usages ot
the Senate? Did you ever see a by-law of a
bank which said the stockholders or the direct-
