1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1717
permit the civil courts to exercise their juris-
diction ; so that ia ten of the States, under the
policy of the Senator from Nevada, if a man
■wishes to bring an action of debt he must have
the permission of the military; or if some poor
woman who has been abused by her husband
desires to bring her bill of divorce and secure
the control of some of the property and the
custody of her children, she must go to some
lieutenant to get his permission that the court
may try her cause. The Senator is the author
of that policy to some extent; and why he
should complain that there should be a divided
jurisdiction where the Indians are sometimes
at peace and sometimes at war I canuot under-
stand. I can see with some force in there
being a divided jurisdiction among the Indians
depending upon the question of peace or war.
But why the Senator should have been an able
advocate of that policy in regard to the white
people of the country I cannot quite under-
stand. I think the Senator's course upon that
bill a few days ago is a complete answer to the
speech he has made just now.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me a word on that
point.
Mr.' HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. The bill that we passed
the other day does make the military superior
to the civil jurisdiction. It was complained
that there was conflicting jurisdiction in the
southern States, and that life and property !
were not protected. You have now given the :
military sufficient power to protect them. Then '
there is a kind of government there that we
call a provisional government; and we let it
go along in subordination to the military gov-
ernment. "We have no local governments among
the Indians organized by the whites that we
propose to let go along as these governments
in the South; but the Indians have a kind of
government among themselves, and we do not
propose to interfere with the Indian local,
tribal government, so long as they exercise
that without trespassing on the whites. We
want to keep them in the exercise of their
local government within the bounds of reason
and humanity. And we are willing to divide
the jurisdiction over the Indians, allowing the
War Department power to make the Indians
behave themselves in their intercourse with the
whites, and allowing the Indians to manage
their tribal affairs in their own way, so far as
they are not in conflict with humanity and the
rights of the whites. But wc do not propose
to have two Departments of this Government
exercising authority over them independently
of their local governments. We have not turned
the people of the South over to both the Inte-
rior and the War Departments, and I think if
we had done so we should have committed a
great mistake; but we have said that the War
Department shall exercise sufficient jurisdic-
tion to protect life and property, and the pro-
visional governments shall act in subordination
to the military governments until the States
are organized. I admit that that is a remedy
which can only be justified on the ground of
necessity. That necessity we believe exists.
I hope the South will relieve themselves of it
soon. I hope they will learn to do right and
organize their governments on a purely Repub-
lican principle ; and when they do, we shall be
happy to relieve them from this military gov-
ernment. We have only exercised what mili-
tary jurisdiction we thought necessary while
they were emerging from the chaotic state in
which this war left them, so that there could
be some freedom of speech and som& chance
to organize governments on the republican
principle down there. To save them from
anarchy we propose to exercise this power
temporarily. I was unwilling to pass a purely
military bill unless it had this other provision
in it.
In regard to the Indians, I propose to have
a military government which shall protect the
whites and Indians from conflicts with each
other, and let the Indians go on with their
tribal government so far as it does not conflict
with that. And whenever they shall have
developed a civilized government I will with-
draw the military. I am willing to insert a
provision in this bill declaring that whenever
the Indians shall have organized civil society
and are capable of taking care of themselves,
when they respect the laws of the United States,
when they cease to commit depreciations, the
military shall be withdrawn. The Senator from
Indiana may have the same kind of legislation
for the Indians that we have adopted for the
southern States. I think it will be some time
before they can organize such governments,
before they learn to take care of themselves.
I do not think such a provision in the bill would
, be of much account. I do not regard my posi-
tion on this question as at all in conflict with
' the vote I gave the other day. It is in perfect
harmony with it. I voted for the military bill
as a necessity to keep order in the South. I
vote now for turning the charge of Indian
affairs over to the military, for the purpose of
keeping order and peace in the Territories, and
I declare that it is necessary; and any gentle-
man who has lived there and seen the situation
must see the propriety of having some head,
some responsibility, some military control for
the protection of life and property. I think
my position is entirely consistent.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As a general proposi- j
tion, a man is rather unfortunate in debate i
when it requires a longer speech to explain i
himself than the original speech; but if the
Senator from Nevada is satisfied with his ex-
planation of his origiual speech, of course I
am. When interrupted by the Senator I was
about to say that I am not quite prepared to
adopt the doctrine that has been announced by
one of the most eminent of the military men
of our country, that the only remedy is the
extermination of the Indians, and that, too, by
military power. However I may honor that
distinguished citizen and soldier as a military
man, I do not agree to that proposition. I
think, sir, that it could only comc from a mil-
itary man, a man whose business it is to take
human life in case of war.
I admit the bad qualities of the Indians;
but I am not prepared to say that they have
no good qualities. I admit their frequent
wrongs upon the settlers; but I am not pre-
pared to say that no wrongs have been done
upon them. I believe almost as often the
wrongs have been first upon Indians as the
Indians have committed wrongs upon the
whites. These people are to be taken care of
by the Government of the United States. We
have taken their lands away from them; we
have located them at our pleasure ; the ques-
tion now is, shall they be given up to the War
Department to be exterminated? If weattach
this service to the War Department now after
a lieutenant general of the Army has an-
nounced the doctrine that when a tribe is at
war with the United States the only remedy is
extermination, then we adopt in my judgment
that doctrine. I suppose I should hardly be
excused by the Senate in referring to the opin-
ion expressed by Colonel Carrington. He says
that he spares none, and they spare none.
When he says he spares none I think he refers
to the squaws ana the children, not to the
warriors.
I do not agree to such doctrines. I think
we should taKe care of the Indians the best
way we can. It is a very difficult question to
decide. I dare say many Indian agents have
been unfaithful to' their trust, but certainly we
can find some honest men in this country that
will strive to save the Indians from destruction
and constant wrong. This bill contemplates
that, that we shall seleet some one who to
some extent shall be the guardian of these
poor people. I shall support it because I think
that the bill does propose some remedy for the
evil which we all feel.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, if I did
not think that I could condense what I have to
say on this measure Within a brief space of
time I should not rise to occupy the attention
of the Senate. As I am in favor of the pas-
sage of the original bill adopted by the Senate,
I am of course disinclined by protracting the
debate to endanger that passage; but there
have been a few things said in this debate
which deserve a reply—I mean things said
with reference to the practical aspects of tha
measure itself, not upon those general consid-
erations which have been introduced into the
debate.
In the first place we were to be alarmed by
the appearance of great expense if we adopted
the original bill of the Senate. We were told
that these inspectors were to receive large sala-
ries ; that the amount of contribution to this
object from the Treasury would be very con-
siderable. By referring to the second section
of the bill it will be found that the amount of
salary fixed in that section is to cover all ex-
penditures whatever in connection with the
performance of duty by these officers, all ex-
penses incurred by them. The amount is to
bo in full, not only for their services, but also
for all mileage and expenses incurred by them.
In those portions of the country 011 the Pacific
coast, and upon and beyond the western bor-
der, these officers will be subjected to unusual
expenses, besides long and laborious journeys.
We provide, however, that the amount of
compensation fixed as salary shall cover not
only the item of salary, but all other matters
of expenditures in connection with their ser-
vices.
Another thing: one of the three inspectors
in the case of each board is to be an officer of
the Army of the United States, detailed by the
Secretary of War to this particular service, and
it is carefully provided that he shall serve
without additional pay or allowance, but shall
be entitled during the continuancc of his ser-
vice simply to the pay provided by law for him
as an officer of the Army.
It appears, then, that of the three inspectors
one is to receive no pay other than that which
without the passage of this bill he would re-
ceive as an officer of the Army, and it appears
also that the compensation to be paid to the
other two members of the board is a moderate
and reasonable amount; taking into considera-
tion the fact that they are excluded from all
allowance for mileage or for those large per-
sonal expenditures to which they will be sub-
jected in preparing supplies for themselves in
entering into the Indian country, and for all
other personal outlays whatsoever.
On the ground of expense the amount to be
incurred by this bill is small; it is not extrava-
gant nor even large, and no just objection lies
against the measure on that ground.
Then, sir, objection has been made that one
of these inspectors in the board of visitation
and inspection may possibly be a minister of
the Gospel, may possibly be a person in
orders, one who ministers in the sanctuary.
Such persons may be detailed to this service.
I think language that sounded very much like
contempt has been indulged in with reference
to the proposition for selecting such persons.
Mr. President, I think that the board of
inspection provided for in this bill will_ be
selected under as many guarantees for efficient
and proper service as can be provided. In the
first place, one of the members is to be detailed
by the Secretary of War, and therefore tha
War Department will be represented in this
board. The second one is to be appointed by
the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, from among such persons
as may be named to him or recommended to
him by the various religious societies of the
country. Observe the guarantees for the selec-
tion 01 a proper person in that case. In the
first place, our great, our important religious
societies of this country are to name persons to
the President. Afterward he is to select one
so named, and then the selection is to be sub-
mitted to the Senate for its judgment and
approval. Can you ask more securities than
you have here that you wilt have a proper and
fit man named and detailed to this particular
service? The third member of the board is to
be appointed by the President also, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate. As to
