278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
arranging the tariff duties on sugar, molasses, coffee,
and other articles as to discriminate in favor of the
free-grown and against the slave-grown products.
swamps and overflowed lands.
- Mr. MoCLURG, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill in addition to and amendatory
of the several acts of Congress re] ative to swamp
and overflowed lands; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
reservation no. 17, washington.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill in relation to reservation No.
17, in the City of Washington; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
court oj? claims.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution extending the provis-
ions of section two of' an act entitled "An
act to extend the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims;" which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
army and navy pensions.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to continue to Army and
Navy pensioners their pensions notwithstand-
ing their appointments to civil office; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and or-
dered to be printed.
william gill.
Mr. ARNELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the relief of William Grill,
of Maury county, Tennessee, a veteran of the
war of 1812; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.'
national military and naval asylum.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce for the consideration of the House
at this time a joint resolution, which I will
send to the Clerk's desk to be read ; and then
I will explain why it is important that it should
be passed now.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the National Asylum for Disabled Volun-
teers, not having obtained title to landat Point
Lookout, in Maryland, as contemplated by the
twelfth section of1 the act approved March 21,
1866, establishing that institution, the Secre-
tary of War is authorized at his discretion to
transfer to the said National Asylum any prop
erty of the United States still remaining at
Point Lookout which may be considered ap-
propriate and useful for the objects of that cor-
poration.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will explain the neces-
sity for the action of Congress at this time upon
this subject. By the twelfth section of the act
which established the National Military and
Naval Asylum it was provided that all the
property of the United States now at Point
Lookout, St. Mary's county, Maryland, shall
be and become the property of the asylum so
soon as a title to the satisfaction of the board
of managers shall be made to the asylum of
at least three hundred acres of land, including
that on which said propertyof the United
States is now built and maintained or held.
At the time it was thought that probably the
managers of the asylum would select Point
Lookout as one of the places for establishing
a branch asylum. They have, however, de-
clined to do so, but have located one of the
branches at the North or Northeast, in Maine,
another in Wisconsin, and another to be estab-
lished somewhere in the West, probably in
Ohio or in Indiana.
There is, however, on that private property
a good deal of property now or lately belong:
ing to the United States, consisting of barracks,
a laundry, a bakery, &c. The Government
has advertised and sold a portion of this Prop-
erty, and a part yet remains on hand. This,
the Secretary of War says, will, if offered in
the market, be sacrificed—sold for a mere song.
He is willing, if Congress will grant the neces-
sary authority, to transfer to the National Asy-
lum for a consideration of $1,200 such portion
of this property as can be used for the benefit
of the disabled soldiers. This resolution pro-
poses to authorize the Secretary of War to
make the transfer. It is believed that it is not
worth while for the Government to buy from
itself, or to require a corporation created by
itself for public purposes—the care of the sol-
diers—to buy from the Government. This
property, which might be used for the benefit
of the soldiers, will be immediately sold, and
sold at a very great sacrifice unless we adopt
some measure of the kind now proposed.
There being no objection, the j int resolu-
tion was introduced, read a first and second
time, and ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time ; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider" the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
extra pay of treasury clerks.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting, in reply
to a resolution of the House of December 10,
1866, a report of the disbursement of the fund
of $160,000 among the clerks in the Treasury
Department; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
major otis a. whitehead.
Mr. DODGE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced an act to release the sureties of Major
Otis A. Whitehead ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
reconstruction.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now call
for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of House bill No. 543, to
provide for restoring to the States lately in
insurrection their full political rights, on which
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, when I took
the floor yesterday it was with the intention
of arguing this question before the House.
When I yielded the floor the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] moved to go into
the Committee of the Whole for general debate.
I did not desire to debate this important question
in the Committee of the Whole. My purpose
was to discuss it in the presence of the House,
aided by such suggestions as in a full House
members interested in this great question might
be likely to give me. I therefore beg leave to
defer what I have to say until this bill shall
come up in its regular order on next Monday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Ohio that next Monday,
after the morning hour, has been assigned for
the consideration of one of the regular appro-
priation bills in the Committee of the Whole.
Therefore this bill may possibly not be reached
on that day.
Mr. BINGHAM. All I desire is to submit
my remarks whenever the bill shall again come
up in the House.
The SPEAKER. The bill is still before the
House for discussion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, (after a
pause.) If no gentleman desires to take the
floor, I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw his motion, that some petitions,
which have been improperly referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, may be sent to
appropriate committees.
Mr. WASHBtfRNE, of Illinois. I with-
draw the motion for that purpose alone.
frederick scuade and others. ~
On motion of Mr. SCITENCK, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee on Military Af-
fairs was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition of Frederick Schade, of
Tennessee, and various others, claiming com-
pensation for a church destroyed by General
Burnside's army; and the same was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
daniel cole.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, by unani-
mous consent the Committee on Military
Affairs was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of Daniel Cole, of
Hampshire county, Virginia, for a pension;
and the same was referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
bar behymer.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted an adverse report on the petition of
Bar Behymer, asking pay for military services
rendered the Government in 1864; which was
laid on the table.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed Senate joint resolu-
tion No. 102, construing and giving effect to
joint resolution entitled "Joint resolution for
the survey of the State of Wisconsin," ap-
proved July 1, 1864, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
mail route to california.
Mr. BIDWELL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Officc and
Post Roads be, and hereby are, instructed to inquire
into the reasons why service has not been put on the
mail route from Springfield, Missouri, to San Fran-
cisco, California: and if any further legislation is
necessary to establish a daily line of stages between
those points, then to report by bill or otherwise.
session to-morrow.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
when the House adjourns to-day it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I thought
the understanding was there was to be no vote
taken to-day. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. A vote on the motion to
adjourn over can be taken.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
26, noes 28; no quorum voting.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope it
will be the understanding that the House shall
meet, to- m orrow for debate only.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I have no objection
to that.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my motion on that understanding.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not aware
of any gentleman who is desirous to go on to-
morrow in the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ There is
no quorum present in the city, notice having
gone out that no business would be done until
Monday next.
Mr. WENTWORTH. If it requires unani-
mous consent to do anything, I do not see why
we should not act upon business to which there
is no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I learn
there are three or four gentlemen who wish to
speak to-morrow, and I hope the House will
not adjourn over.
The'SPEAKER. If there be no objection
it will be the understanding that the session
to-morrow will be devoted exclusively to de-
bate in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the President's message.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
report of revenue commissioner.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Rettalr.ed, That there be printed for the use of the
Hoi^e twenty thousand copies of the report oftuo
special commissioner of the revenue, and two tnou--
sand copies of tho form of bill accompanying tiia
