1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1719
subject all the Indians of the United States
to the power and jurisdiction of the United
States, and to give them a Governor to be ap-
pointed by the President by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, and a Legis-
lature to be chosen by Indian ballots.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In that Territory.
Mr. HOWARD. In the Indian Territory
says the Senator. Well, grant you, in the In-
dian Territory; but that Territory includes a
very large proportion of the Indian population.
It was not the less objectionable, however, for
being confined to that locality which he men-
tioned. It was the principle which I then
combated, and to which I am still opposed.
I do not believe that the Congress of the
United States have any such power under the
Constitution to govern the Indian tribes upon
our continent by means of Federal legislation
and Federal officers and Federal laws. The
Constitution recognizes them as independent i
nations, the owners of the soil itself, of the
continent originally, and never to be divested
of that ownership except by an honest and a
fait treaty. Congress has power to regulate
the intercourse of the United States, the com-
merce of the people of the United States, with
the Indian tribes. That power is granted to
Congress in almost exactly the same terms
which are used to convey the power to reg-
ulate foreign commerce, showing that the In-
dian tribes are as tribes free and independent
nations, and that the United States have no
right to interfere to control them, or govern
them, except the simple right of being the
first purchasers of the Indian title to lands.
But, Mr. President, I will go no further in
that direction. This bill before us as it passed
the Senate in March last, and which the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin foresees is to be
the great means of preventing the recurrence
of Indian wars, is certainly veryplausible upon
its face, and if I believed as firmly and sincerely
as the Senator seems to do that it would effect
that great object I should be very much inclined
to support it; for it is desirable for us to prevent
collision with the Indians; but I do not believe
that the appointment of these five boards of
inspectors will have that effect. I do not see
how Indian wars are to be averted by the pres-
ence of these boards of commissioners among
them. I rather look to see these boards of
commissioners acting as a sort of ambulatory
commission, missionaries going about in their
districts, and inspecting this place and that
flace and the other, visiting the residences of
ndian agents, perhaps the wigwams of the
Indians themselves, often more respectable
places than the residences of the agents un-
doubtedly, and exercising professedly a high
tutelary influence over the Indians, but which
in itself is of no value at all. I fear that will
be the result, and I cannot adopt the convic-
tions which seem to animate the Senator from
Wisconsin.
There are to be five boards of inspectors
according to this bill, which are to consist of
three commissioners, two of the board to be
appointed by the President of the United States,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, and each of those two to receive a salary
at the rate of $4,000 a year; and the third
member a military gentleman of a rank not
beneath that of a brigadier general, and who is
to receive no salary, but to be paid his travel-
ing expenses in going about from place to
place in the various Indian districts in com-
pany with the other two gentlemen of the com-
mission. I should add that one of the other
two is to be selected upon the recommendation
of the various religious societies of the country.
Mr. NESMITH. The Senator from Michi-
gan will permit me to interrupt him. He is
mistaken about the rank of the military officer.
The bill is silent on that subject.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, what is to be the
rank of the military officer?
Mr. NESMITH. His rank is not designated
by the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. He is to be an officer of
the regular Army. It is not necessary that a
brigadier shall be sent, I agree; a colonel, a
captain, a second lieutenant may be sent as the
third member of the board.
In the first place, sir, this bill requires an
additional expenditure in the Indian depart-
ment, for salaries, of $40,000. To that must
be added the contingent expenses for travel
for all these three gentlemen who are required
to visit the different agencies in their Indian
districts at least once a year. These five dis-
tricts, therefore, are to be visited annually by
the proper board of inspectors, and each board
is to report to the Secretary of the Interior
annually the result of those visitations. They
are empowered, to be sure, to suspend from
office any agent or sub-agent that may become
obnoxious to them, a power which I think is
rather too liable to abuse to be intrusted to
such hands. I can see, it is true, occasions
when the prompt exercise of the power of
removal or suspension might be very neces-
sary ; but at the same time, it is in its nature
an arbitrary power, and one which it is very
difficult to counteract, an evil which it is very
difficult indeed to correct or to remedy. They
might, and undoubtedly they would, in many
cases, for such is poor, frail human nature,
exercise this power of suspension and removal
•wantonly and from interested motives. They
might side with one or the other party to an
Indian quarrel. That certainly would have
very little tendency to put an end to the quar-
rel, and for my life I am not able to see the
utility of these five boards of inspectors. It
would be a very convenient place in which to
lodge a few worn-out politicians, a few anx-
ious ministers of the Gospel, who are to be
selected upon the recommendation of religious
societies. It would be a pleasant place un-
doubtedly for a quiet military gentleman, for
certain purposes. It would enable them to
survey and examine every portion of the Indian
territory with a view to the selection of lands
and village lots, and water lots, mines of gold
and silver and precious stones, and it would
enable them to afford very happy accommoda-
tions, undoubtedly, to their anxious inquiring
friends about to move into the Indian country
for the purpose of bettering their condition.
I foresee all this in the Senator's scheme of a
general inspection, and I can only say that I
can see no real public advantage in it, and shall
therefore vote against it. That is all I have to
say on the subject at present.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I do
not rise to remark upon the entire measure, but
upon one particular feature, of placing the
jurisdiction of our Indian tribes in the hands
of the military. They have suffered much
from the days of the Pequods and Narragan-
sets. I have seen the military saber them
close by the Rocky mountains when they were
invited into camp. The right has been assumed
to kill the Indian because he was a savage, and
they have hunted the squaws to bring them
into prison. This thing occurred in Texas
after the Camanches were invited into council,
and when in council they were shot down by
our own men, and this made the Camanches
our adversaries. Again on the banks of the
Gila the same tragedy was played. It is not
always, therefore, that the Indians as a general
thing should feel somewhat hostile to ourselves.
But, sir, I learned the use of the bow and arrow
from the Oneidas in my childhood, and I have
traveled among Indian tribes and I have found
no nobler men than the Camanches and Ara-
pahoes. All the Indian wants is a kind eye and
careful treatment, and then he is your friend.
They have, however, a very strong impression
upon their minds that we are enemies of theirs.
The proposition of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs is to try and concil-
itate them by friendship. De Soto discovered
the Mississippi and he was halted on its banks
and died there; but the French missionary
who came by the way of Quebec and Montreal
and went down the Illinois river to the mouth
of the Mississippi, and who established his posts
all along had no controversy with the Indians,
and he was regarded as their friend. In my
opinion we need rather missionary labor among
these men whom we call savages, but who I
have found to be noble men in the exercises
of my own experience. There is no people in
the world who so soon recognize a kind and
gentle look as the Indians of our frontier.
They know that we have driven them from
their original homes in Massachusetts, in New-
York, and Pennsylvania, and elsewhere on the
Atlantic border, driven them from plain to
forest, and from forest to plain, and from
mountain to valley, and driven them far away
from the land of their ancestors. They know
and believe that, and therefore they are careful
in whom they trust. Few men are fitted to
i discourse with them. Fitzpatrick, who was for
; many years our agent with the Camanches and
' with the southwestern tribes conterminous,
could go among all the Indian tribes and con-
verse with them, for he had a kind eye and a
strong arm, and they knew him and knew he
was a man to be trusted. I think it is by kind-
ness and by the influence of Christian principles
that we may save them from utter oblivion.
Th^y inhabited this entire continent. It was
their right. They fished our rivers, they hunted
our plains, they sowed our fields with corn ; and
we with our rude barbarianism, unequaled
except by the Norsemen, have driven them
from mountain to valley, from forest to plain,
until now they are refugees alongside the
Rocky mountains, and we are inhabiting their
lands, not by virtue of fight, but vi et armis.
Sir, there has been altogether a want of just
consideration for the Indian. The State of
New York has done better than any other
State in that respect; and the remnants of the
tribes of the Six Nations still continue there
protected by its laws. Where elsewhere in
the States of this Union are the Indian tribes
protected? Nowhere. They have been moved
from the fine fields which they once owned to
far beyond the Mississippi; and now our peo-
ple are envying them their possessions there.
The policy of this bill I think is just. It will
seek to secure to those tribes to whom we owe
so much homes, protection, and civilization,
such as Marquette undertook to afford to them,
with the fathers Of the Jesuits, who first came
in the valley of the Mississippi, men who did
not come with the sword to cleave, but who
came with the word of Him who preached the
sermon on the mount.
I am altogether opposed to returning this
authority to the Military Department; for I
know that a lieutenant or a captain command-
ing a post thinks his business is, if he sees a
band of Indians, to order out his men booted
and saddled; and as soon as he can approach
them to draw and strike and slay and slaugh-
ter. I have seen it done, and I have felt it to
be an outrage upon humanity. They are not
to be overcome, unless they should be exter-
minated in that manner; and yet the Indians
of our possessions are many" of them superior
men. A gentleman whom I now see in my
eye may know one of them to whom I am
about to refer. One of the bravest and no-
blest men I ever saw was a Camanche chief.
He had the power over my life and the lives
of all the men who were surrounding me, and
he knew it. He met me as gracefully as if he
had been in cashmere and a prince. I gave
him my hand and invited him into my tent,
with his band of one hundred and fifty war-
riors, and I was very short-handed.
Mr. JOHNSON. You felt perfectly safe.
Mr. McDOUGALL. From the moment I
saw him dismount, and that he did not dis-
mount his men, I felt safe. A great many
of these tribes are very superior, particularly
those of the Aztec race, and they should be
treated with consideration. To put them in
the hands of a captain of infantry command-
ing the post at Tucson or the post at Fort
Yuma, with a crowd of boys just enlisted, who
do not know anything more than to take up
their arms and obey orders, is an outrage upon
that race, and perhaps upon men quite as well
Sualified to be civilized as ourselves, lacking
le present opportunity.
