1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1043
authority to remove without the sanction of
the Senate officers generally, and in excepting,
therefore, th#particular officers who are named
in the exception it is to be considered that a
majority of the Senate were under the impres-
sion that the President has not that power.
The question of power I have already discussed
in the previous debate, and I said perhaps all
that I had to say on the subject; but in that
discussion I said that the question might have
been presented for judicial determination when
General Jackson directed the deposits to be
removed from the United States Bank, which
he could only do by dismissing from office the
Earticular officer to whom in the first instance
e sent that direction.
Subsequently to the discussion which was
had in the Senate in relation to the propriety
of that removal, the Senateof the United States
passed a resolution condemning General Jack-
son for usurping a power in that respect which,
according to the view of the Senate, he did not
possess. In that discussion, as I stated when
the matter was before us formerly, it was con-
ceded by those who contested the propriety of
that action upon the part of the President that
he had a right to remove the Secretary who
refused to obey his orders in relation to the
deposits. Mr. J ustice Story, in his Comment-
aries, Mr. Chancellor Kent, and the Supreme
Court in two cases to which I formerly referred,
all considered the question of constitutional
power as finally settled. I propose now upon
that question merely to refer to a passage in
the speech made by Mr. "Webster in the Senate
upon the protest of President Jackson in 183-1:
"In the first place, then, I have to say, that I did
notvote for the resolution on tho mere ground of the
removal of Mr. Duanefroin tho office of Secretary of
the Treasury. Although I disapprove of the removal
altogether, yet the power of removal does exist in the
President, according to the established construction
of the Consti tin 1011; and therefore, although in apar-
ticular case it may bo abused, and, m my opinion,
was abused in this case, yet its exercise cannot be
justly said to bean assumption or usurpation. We
must all agree that Mr. Duane is out of office. lie
has, therefore, been removed by a power constitu-
tionally competent to remove him, whatever may be
thought of the exercise of that power under tho cir-
cumstances of the case."
In addition, therefore, to the authority of
Story and of Kent and of the Supremo Court
of the United States, we have tho authority of
Mr. Webster that the constitutional question is
to be considered as practically settled. My
friend from Wisconsin proposes now to open
that question, to change what has been the set-
tled opinion of the country, if we may judge
from the continuing acquiescence in the exer-
cise of that power, and to place ourselves in
the condition in which we stood in 1789, when
the matter became a subject of debate in this
branch of Congress and in the other branch.
Is nothing to bo settled ? Are the deefsions
of the Supreme Court to be wholly disregarded?
Is the action of every President of the United
States from Washington down to the present
incumbent in relation to the same subject to be
also disregarded ? If it is, we are virtually
making another Constitution.
In this I have the authority of Mr. Madison.
In a letter to Mr. Ingersoll of the 2oth January,
1831, lie said:
"Can it be of less consequence that the meaning
of a constitution should be fixed and known, than
that the meaning of a law should be so ? Can, indeed,
a law be fixed in its meaning and operation unless
the constitution be so? On the contrary, if a partic-
ular Legislature, dillering in the construction of the
constitution from a series of preceding constructions,
procced to act, on that difference, tliey not only intro-
duce^ uncertainty and instability in the constitution,
but in the laws themselves; inasmuch as all laws
preceding the now construction and inconsistent
with it are not only annulled for the future, but vir-
tually pronounced nullities from the beginning."
«•-.&* != *
_ " Let it, then.beleft to the decision of every intel-
ligent and candid judge, which on the whole is most
to be relied on for the true and safe construction of
a constitution, that which has the uniform sanction
of successive legislative bodies through a period of
years and under tho varied ascendency of parties; or
that which depends upon the opinions of every new
Legislaj uro, beared as if may be by the spirit of
Partv, eager in the pursuit of some favorite object,
or led pstray by tho eloquence and address of popu-
lar statesmen, themselves perhaps under the influ-
ence of the same misleading causes."
So much in relation to the power. Now,
supposing the power to exist which this bill
assumes, as I said just now, the next question
is whether it should be exerted as against the
particular officers who are named within the
exception, Cabinet officers. Why are they
appointed, and why are they named Cabinet
officers? They are appointed for the purpose
of aiding the President in his official duties.
They are not appointed, nor would the people
of the United States consent to have tliem so
appointed, for the purpose of thwarting the
President of the United States in what ho
might consider was the duty incumbent upon
him as President. He has very high powers,
and he is false to himself if he refuses to exert
them. He has very important and high duties,
and he is equally false to himself if he disre-
gards them. But how is he to exercise the
powers with which he is unquestionably vested,
and perform the duties which the Constitution
imposes upon him, if he is to have around him
not persons as friends and agreeing in the
general scope of his policy, but men not sub-
ject to his control, and who may have a policy
of their own entirely at war with that which
he and the people of the United States may
suppose to be the true policy of the country ?
The honorable member can gain, as I think,
no support in the way of argument for the
proposition of the House because of the par-
ticular condition in which the President stands
now to the party that elected him. Suppose
that unfortunate and calamitous event had not
happened, the assassination of President Lin-
coln, and he had discovered that lie had a
Cabinet around him upon whom ho could not
place reliance ; that his Secretary of the Treas-
ury, for instance, was pursuing a policy at war
with what ho believed to be the true policy of
that Department, and so in relation to the other
Departments; that the Secretary of State, in
whose hands are placed tho management of
the concerns of the Government with foreign
nations, was adopting a course inimical in his
opinion to the true interest of the United
States and injurious to their reputation ; is he
to be told " they shall retain their seats in
spite of you unless we consent to their re-
moval?"
The time was, and that time was at the period
of General Jackson's protest, to which I have
alluded, when an excitement arose in the
country that affected the very existence of this
body. The papers of the day that supported
General Jackson and General Jackson's policy
were crying out from day to day, '' Look to the
Senate, the aristocratic branch of the Govern-
ment, the branch that is seeking to usurp to
itself all power.'' At one time, judging from
those signs, it was by no means certain that the
tenure of oflice of the Senators of the United
States might not be at some future day and at
an early day changed. The President of the
United States then was said to be the repre-
sentative of (he people, fresh from them, and
therefore better able to know their will than
anybody to he found in this Chamber. It was
said that the very high and important duties
which were devolved upon him by the Consti-
tution required that he should at early periods
go before the people and account to them for
the manner in which he had discharged his
trust, if he thought proper to ask for a reelec-
tion, and his policy in advance, his character
in advance, his faithfulness to the institutions
of the country in advance, are supposed to be
known before he is elected to the Presidency;
and when the Senate of the United States, by
the course which .they pursued in relation to
the deposits, denounced him, the voice of the
country far and wide was heard speaking loudly
in condemnation of this body, and speaking so
loudly in its condemnation that it threatened to
affect even its existence.
Now, what is it proposed to do? To say,
not to the present incambent of the office, not
to anybody who may become an incumbent of
the office by the death or removal from office
of the President elected as President by the
people, but that he who may be elected Presi-
dent by the people, who may have b«en mis-
taken iu relation to the character or the ability
of the men whom he had selected to advise
him, shall not have the power of changing
them and obtaining others.
It has been said with truth, from the begin-
ning of the Government, that there is to be
found and has been found in almost ever Cab-
inet one or more aspirants for the Presidency,
and that their duties have been fashioned in
a way that they thought would be calculated
to gratify that aspiration. That condition of
things will exist hereafter if it does not exist
now. The President, by the power that he
has to remove, has the means by which he can
keep such an aspirant within proper limits;
but declare that he shall not have the power
to remove him, and you have virtually a Pres-
ident in anticipation warring with the President
that is in office. That will not be concord,
which is tho very character the Cabinet rela-
tion assumes is to result as between the Presi-
dent and the Cabinet, but just as many wills
and as many policies, if there can be as many
policies, different from those of the President
as the Cabinet ministers themselve* number
numerically.
I do not know what may be the fate of the
amendment upon which the Senate is now
called upon to vote. It was defeated when
proposed by my friend from Wisconsin before
the bill went to the House, by a vote, I think,
of 27 to 15 ; but this I know: I think 1 know,
and knowing it therefore I will predict it, that if
it passes, the next Congress that may be elected
after the next presidential election, if it con-
tains a majority in each branch friendly to the
President elected, will repeal it.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Maryland,
upon the question of whether this power is de-
rived from the Constitution or not, does not
give us the benefit of his opinion. lie knows
the Constitution, for he has read it a great
many times and for a great many years. If
the power is in the Constitution he is the very
man who could show it even to me; but in-
stead of telling me where this curious power
sleeps in the Constitution he contents himself
with referring me to the casual declarations
of this or that man who has gone before, and
who seemed to admit that the power was in
the Constitution.
I have said, and now repeat, that this power
is the creature of the statute and not of the
Constitution. I have read the statute which
gives the power, which has continued the law ;
and although Mr. Webster said or intimated,
in the language which has been read here, that
that had been construed to be the constitu-
tional power of the President, I must say I
think Mr. Webster spoke without duo consid-
eration of that particular point, because if Mr.
Webster had meant to say that the Constitu-
tion conferred that power he knew as well as
any man who over spoke tho Knglish language
how to say it, and if he thought that power was
in the Constitution he knew as well as any man
who ever read it where the power was, and he
would not have referred us to the act of 1789
as the evidence that that power was in the
Constitution, but would have referred us to the
Constitution itself.
But the Senator from Maryland argues this
question with his usual adroitness, and having
stated the opinion of Webster upon this point,
and assuming that that settles the case that the
Constitution confers the power, he asks us if
nothing is to be considered as settled. I will
not reply to that question put by the Senator
from Maryland. I prefer to consider that
question.with my friends on this side of the
Chamber; I am talking to them ; and they say
that that is not settled ; their bill denies that
the Constitution confers this power on the
President, and they deny by their bill that the
President ought to have this power. It is to
them I am talking.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is true that, in what I
have said to-day, I did not undertake to show
that the true construction of the Constitution,
in my opinion, was that the power exists by
