1044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
any reasoning of my own. I did undertake
what I considered a very unnecessary duty, and
one that arrogated to myself more ability in
euch matters than I know I possess, when the
subject was before the Senate upon a former
occasion. All that I have done to-day is to
refer to Mr. Madison, to Mr. Justice Story, to
Kent, and to'Webster; and when I referred to
Mr. Madison the honorable member from Wis-
consin and the Senate, I suppose, recollect that
he did attempt to satisfy the House of which
he was a member that the power existed, and
lie succeeded. I have not the vanity to sup-
pose that I could add anything to the reason-
ing of that distinguished statesman. And what-
ever ability my friend from Wisconsin may pos-
sess which, if exerted, will enable him to shake
the authority of Madison, I should despair if
I attempted by any effort of my own to support
that authority. The whole argument was ex-
hausted, and he not only considered the ques-
tion at that time and successfully aided in get-
ting the construction of the Constitution, which
is inconsistent with the provisions of this bill,
maintained, but in after life, after the cares of
office had ceased, after he was in his retiracy
at his homo in Virginia, ho wrote one or two
letters full of argument on the same subject, in
which he not only maintained the existence of
the power, but said in relation to an article in
the Federalist written by Mr. Hamilton, which
averred that the power could bo exercised as
was supposed only with the concurrence of
the Senate, that if ho so meant to be under-
stood in that passage of that article he had
afterward changed his opinion. All that I got
up to say now was that I am perfectly satis-
fied to stand, for the opinion which 1 have upon
this subject, upon the arguments of Mr. Madi-
son ami the other great authorities to which I
referred.
Mr. HOWE. I assent to much that the
Senator from Maryland has now said. Taking
the same side of tho question I dii not insist
that tho Senator from Maryland could add
anything to the argument of Mr. Madison on
the question whether tho Constitution con-
ferred this power on tho President or not. I
concede that Mr. Madison said everything on
that side of the question that could be saiu. 1
only insist that the Senator from Maryland, if
he would lend himself to the labor, could undo
the argument which Mr. Madison submitted,
and in a very short space of time. Jiut the
bill, L repeat, anil I repeat it for the benefit of
my friends on this side of the House, denies
this power to the President as derived from the
Constitution. It is to them 1 address myself
when 1 urge them to perfect tho reform which
tho bill but just inaugurates.
But l he Senator from Maryland has thrown
out one or two suggestions why, whether this
power is conferred on tho President or not by
the Constitution, he thinks he ought to have
it; and the first is, that tl^ose heads of De-
partments, he repeats again, are the confiden-
tial advisors of tho President. He will repeat,
that, if he is not careful, so many times that he
will get to believing in it. It has been my
purpose in this debate to show that no such
thing was designed ; that there is nothing in
the Constitution which intimates it, nothing in
the character of these olliees which indicates it.
But ho supposes, nay he assorts, that there
have always been in (ho Cabinet aspirants for
the Presidency. Well, of what benefit is this
authority to summarily remove them in that
respect'.' They have been there, if at all, in
spite of that authority, for the President lias
always Imd it in his power to remove them,
and yet he has never cleared them out. They
have been there in spite of the authority. lie-
move the authority and they cannot be any
more than there. But aspirants for tho Pres-
idency may just as well be in tho Cabinet asm
the Congress, may just as well be in the Cab-
inet or in the Congress either, as among the
people. <Tf they are aspirants for the Presi-
dency and they expect the Presidency to be
conferred upon them by the American people,
I infer, if they are not stupid aspirants, as some-
times happens to be the case, they will be all
the more laborious to promote the public wel-
fare. If that be the fact, I do not assume that
that will unfit them for members of the Cabi-
inet; I assume that they will only be all the
more fitted.
But, Mr. President, the Senator tells us that
it may so happen that each one of these aspir-
ants for the Presidency may have a policy of
his own, and that there may be as many poli-
cies in the Cabinet as there may be individuals
in the Cabinet. Sir, I want to stand here sim-
ply to say to the Senate that there should be
but one policy in any Cabinet, and that should
be the policy prescribed to both President and
Cabinet by the law-making tribunal of the
United States. No head of an executive de-
partment has any business with a policy; nor
lias the President any business with a policy.
He has a duty to discharge. His duty is to
execute, not his own will, but the American
will, and to derive that will from American
law as spoken by tho American Legislature.
Mr. DOO LITTLE. Mr. President, I do not
intend to enter into a full discussion of the
important question before the Senate. I will
only say that the long practice of the Govern-
ment and tho opinion.? expressed by the great
men who have preceded us, of all political par-
ties and under all circumstances, have settled,
if any doubtful construction of the Constitution
can bo settled, this question already. But, sir,
I shall not go into an argument upon the con-
struction of the language of the Constitution.
If it wore presented to me as an original ques-
tiou, the opinions of Mr. Webster, Mr. Madi-
son, Mr. Justice Story, Chancellor Kent, and
the action of political parties and the men of
those parties have passed upon that question
and given a construction for seventy years. The
opinion of Mr. Webster, perhaps, is entitled to
the greater weight, because at the time it was
given he was (lie leading champion of the party
in opposition to the President during the ad-
ministration of General Jackson, and there-
fore if any party bias could operate upon* Mr.
Webster it would have operated upon him at
that time. But as a great constitutional law-
yer, rising above nil the bias of party excite-
ment, lie gavo his deliberate opinion that this
constitutional question, which in tho first place
might have been a doubtful question, had been
settled by the action of the Government and
by tho decisions of judges and legislators.
_Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 wish to inquire of my
friend whether in 1803, in this body, he did not
vote for a law in the national bank act which
expressly provided that the Comptroller of the
Currency should be removable by the Presi-
dent only by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, and whether there was not a
general concurrence at that time, when it in-
volved no political consideration, in the pro-
priety of such legislation?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 did vote for the gen-
eral bank law, although my convictions were
not satisfied as to all its provisions. It was a
tiling regarded as necessary in the then exist-
ing state of tho country and I gave it my sup-
port.
Sir, whatever may be said of the other offi-
cers of the Government who are embraced
within tho provisions of this bill, I think cer-
tainly the committee who reported it acted
wisely in making the exception which has been
here made of the heads of Departments. These
heads of Departments stand in a peculiar re-
lation to tho President as his confidential ad-
visers, from whom, by the very terms of the
Constitution itself, ho may demand an opinion
in writing upon every important question which
may arise in the administration of affairs. They
are in the relation to him of private confidential
advisers and secretaries, to enable him to exe-
cute the laws; and it is essential to the true
administration of the laws that the Cabinet
should be united and harmonious. If any mis-
take has arisen in the administration of affairs,
either during the administration of Mr. Lincoln
or the administration of Mr. Johnson, in my
judgment, it is more to be attributed to the fact
that Mr. Lincoln did not have a Cabinet united
and harmonious which he could call into con-
fidential consultation with him tffion the great
questions presented to him in the course of his
Administration; and the same mistake has un-
doubtedly arisen more or less in the adminis-
tration of Mr. Johnson. It is essential to a
proper administration, in my opinion, that the
Cabinet should be united and should .be har-
monious.
But, sir, I probably should not have arisen
at all if it were not for the fact that my col-
league has thought proper, in the course of his
speech, to read a letter, said to have been pub-
lished in the newspapers, addressed to me.
This letter is a private letter, which, by some
means or other, has been purloined from among
my private paper's. I have never given any
authority for its publication. I do not say that
my colleague was aware of that fact, for had
he been aware of it I presume he never would
have used tho letter. Having been obtained
under those circumstances, I acquit him as a
matter of course of all impropriety in the use
of the letter which has been published. But,
sir, in relation to the letter itself, I have felt it
due to the gentleman who addressed it to me
to slate this fact, that it was not published
with my consent, but was purloined from my
private papers by some person unknown to mo.
This letter contained a slip cut from a news-
paper published by an editor residing at White-
water, in the State of Wisconsin, who was the
postmaster of that place; and it will be ob-
served that all that is contained in the letter
has reference to the course which was pursued
by certain gentlemen residing in the State of
Wisconsin, holding office under tho Adminis-
tration, and who were open-mouthed and most
bitter in thoir denunciations personally against
myself and against the President; and the
writer of the letter suggests, how long shall
this be endured, that the President and your-
self are to be thus calumniated and maligned ?
I shall not go into any further discussion of
this question at the present time. My col-
league, in the courso of his remarks, seemed
to concede that it was perfectly proper, in the
changes of political parties, that when a party
came into power it should nominate its friends
to office. He claimed, however, that Presi-
dent Johnson has deserted the principles of tho
party which elected him to power, and has
made removals because ho intended to compel
his friends who were associated with him to
desert their principles also.
Sir, into this question as to who has deserted
the principles of the party which elccted Mr.
Lincoln and Mr. Johnson to power in 18G-1
I shall not enter now. I only say to my col-
league that while I conccde to him all sincer-
ity, for I do not question the sincerity of his
motives, I know that so far as I am concerned
1 have not changed any of the principles
which I have advocated on this floor, nor have
I been false to a pledge which was ever given
by myself or the party which I aided in elevat-
ing to power. The change is in himself. There
are gentlemen upon this floor who have not
changed. I see the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] and the honor-
able Senator from Missouri [Mr. Brown] and
the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade]
and other Senators that I could name. They
stand now where they stood two years ago,
I stand now where I stood two years ago.
I was battling them then and over precisely
the same question upon which I am battling
them now. They have not changed, nor have
I; but my colleague has advanced from the
position where ho stood side by side with me,
and taken his position by the side of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. I question not his
sincerity. If liis convictions lead him there it
is well. I question the sincerity of no other
man._ But whether he has changed in his
position or I have changed, whether he has
deserted tho party and the principles upon
which the party came into power in 1864, or
whether I have deserted them, is a question
which he and I can settle at another time.
