1,807.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
and that not extra territorially. (Byrne: vs.
Csowninshield, 17 Mass. R., 65; LeRoy vs.
Cron'ninshield, 2 Mason R., 151; 10 Bain. &
Ores., 903; 2 Bing. N. G., 209 ;, 3 Johns. Ch.
R., 219; 9 Mart. R., 626; 3 Bing, Comm. on Col.
and For. Law, part 2, chap. 10, sec. 5, p. 124;
Story, Confl. Laws, sec. 581; Budiey ws. Warde,
Ambler R., 113; McElmoyle vs. Cohen, 13
Peters R., 327; Angel oa Limitation, 62, chap.
8; 1 Cowan, N. Y. R., 402; Andrews vs.
Heriot, 4 Cowan, 628. But see Don vs. Lipp-
man, 5 Clark & Finnell'R., 117; Story on
Confi. Laws, sec. 582; Reckferd vs. Wade, 17
Yesey, .Jri, note ; 22 Alabama, 631; 5 Mary-
land, 256; Newby vs. Blakeley, '3 Hexn. &
Mum. R., 57; Brent to. Chapman, 5 Cranch R.,
358; Shelley vs. Grey, 11 Wheaton R., 372;
Huberts. Steiner, 2 Bing. N. C., 211.) This
question is now before the Supreme Court of
the United States.
Now all this proceeds upon the idea that the
remedy is subject to the legislative power at
the time an action or prosecution may be insti-
tuted, notwithstanding the right of action may
have been previously barred.
But now I come to a class of cases more
directly in point and more conclusive in their
character. The statute of limitations may take
away the right to prosecute for crime: In such
case it is taken away by law. On principle and
in effect it can make no difference whether a
right of prosecution is taken away by a limita-
tion law or any other law. Yet it has been
again and again solemnly decided that alight
of prosecution utterly taken away and extin-
guished by law may be restored by law, and
that the restoring law is not ex post facto.
The repeal of a criminal statute without
any saving prevents all future prosecutions
under the repealed law, including crimes com-
mitted prior to the repeal. (1 Bishop, 103.)
But in such case, says Bishop in his excellent
work on CriminalLaw, (volume 1, section 105:)
"Where after the old law has been repealed the
Legislature by subsequent act authorizes the pro-
ceedings, as by repealing the repealing statute, in
every such case, and though the right to prosecute
should have once lapsed a convictioii may be had.
The statute that repeals the law under which a pris-
oner committed an offense 'operates,'in the language
of Wilde, J., 'only as a suspension of his liability
and not in the nature_of a pardon/ "—Commonwealth
ts. GetcJiell, 16 Pickering, 452, (contra Roberts vs. State,
2 Overt, 423.) Com. vs. Mott, 21 Pick., m;seeVcrnVa!k-
enburg vs. Torrey, 7 Cowan, 252, 255; State vs. Dunk-
■ ley, 3 Iredell, 116; Dawson vs. State, 6 Texas, 347; Mc-
Mullen vs. Guest, 6 Texas, 275.
_44 A statute creating a new court or giving jurisdic-
tion to an existingoneto tryoffenses previously com-
mitted is not ex post facto."—Commonicealth vs. Phil-
lips,]! Pick., 28; Perry vs. Commonwealth,3 Grat., 632;
Baugher vs. Nelson, 9 GiU„ 299.
This authority is conclusive and unanswer-
able as applied to the question now under con-
sideration. But it is supported by still other an-
alogies. The constitutional prohibition against
laws 11 impairing the obligation of contracts''
is no less sacred tlian that against cx post facto
laws. The remedy is as completely within legis-
lative control in reference to the one class of
laws as the other. Yet the Supreme Court of
the United States, in discussing the constitu-
tional prohibition against laws "impairing the
obligation of contracts/' used this language:
"Undoubtedly a State may regulate at pleasure
the modes of proceeding in its courts in relation to
its past contracts as well as future. It may, for exam-
ple, shorten the period of time within which claims
shall be barred by the statute of limitations,"
•li * * * ******
" Whatever belongs merely to the remedy may be
altered according to the will of the State, provided
the alteration does not impair the obligation of the
contract."
(Per Taney, C. J., Bronson vs. Kinzie, 1
Howard, 315; Sedgwick on Statutory Law, 133,
192, 200, 6-13, 650, and cases collected.)
It may with equal propriety be said of laws
affecting the remedy for crime, that—
"Whatever belongs merely to tho remedy may be
altered according to the will of the State."
And when we come to consider the definition
of an ex post facto law it will be found that no
definition ever given excludes the legislative
right to restore the remedy by prosecution in
cases where it is already barred.
An ex post facto law is defined by Blaek-
stone thus:
" When after an action [indifferen t in itself] is com-
mitted, tho Legislature then-for the first time declares
it to have been a crime and inflicts a punishment
upon the person who has committed it."— Com,., 46.
This was the definition referred to in the
debates which.framed the national Constitu-
tion. (3 Madison Papers, 1399, 1450, 1579.
Carpenter vs. Pa., 17 Howard R., 463.)
In Colder Vs. Bull, 3 Dallas, 390, Chase, J.,
discusses the question, what is an cx post facto
law? and he remarks:
" Literally;-it is only that a law shall not be passed
concerning and after the fact or thing done or action
committed." * * * * " I will state what
laws I consider ex j)ost fa$to within the words and
intent of the prohibition: ■
4 41. Every law that makes anaotion donobefore the
passing of the law, and which waa innocent when
done, criminal, and punishes such action-.
"2. Every law that aggravates a crime, or makes
it greater than it was when committed.
44 3. Every law that changes the punishment and
inflicts a greater punishment than the law annexed
tothe crime when committed.
" 4. Every law that alters the legal rules of evidence
and receives less.or different testimony than the law
required at the time of the commission ofthe offense,
in order to convict the offender.
"All these and similar laws are manifestly unjust
and oppressive."'
In that case it appeared that the Legislature
of Connecticut passed a law in May, 1795,
which s£t asifle % decree of the court of pro-
bate for Hartford and granted a new heading
by the court.
The court held that the constitutional pro-
hibition against the enactment of ex post facto
la^rs had reference only to crimes.
But the justice delivering*tbe opinion makes
a remark which shows that a law to be ex post
facto must relate to or affect the criminal act at
the time of its commission. He
In the present case there is no fact done by Bjill
and wife, plaintiffs in error, that is in any manner
affected by tho law or resolution of Connecticut; it
does not concern or relate to any act done by them.
The decree is the only fact on which the law oper-
ates."
This definition of Mr. Justice Chase is the
most comprehensive, exhaustive, and complete
ever given. It is adopted by Story and Kent
and every author and jurist of any repute in
this country.
If I am correct in the position that the
remedy may be restored after it has been once
barred, it will follow of course that while the
statute is running the period of limitation may
be enlarged or altogether taken away. Of
this there can be no doubt whatever. The
only pretext for denying the power of the
Legislature to interfere with the remedy is, that
it cannot create a right or reinvest a right
already completely extinguished. (Bulger vs.
Roche, 11 Peck, 36.) But no right is extin-
guished or lost while the statute is running.
The right to change the limitation in such
case is fully^recognized in the authorities col-
lected in ar note to section twenty-two of the
recent edition of Angel on Limitations, which
1 will read, as follows:
"A statuteof limitationmay well apply to contracts
in existence at the time of its passage, provided a
reasonable time be allowed before the statute takes
effect or the debt is barred within which creditors
may institute their actions. (Pierce vs. Toby, 5 Met.,
(Mass.,)168; Patterson vs. Gaines, 6How.,(U.S.,)550;
Pearce vs. Patton, 7 B. Mon., (Ken.,) 172; Sleeth vs.
Murphy, 1 Morris, (Iowa,) 821; W est Pel. Railroad Co.
vs. Stockett, 13 S. & M. (Miss.,) 375; Bcal Nason,
2 Shep., (Mc.,) 344 jBank of Alabama vs. Dutton, 9
How., (U. S.,) 522; Webster vs. Cooper, 14 How., (U 
S.,)488; Winston vs. MeCormiok, 1 Carter, (Ind.,) 56;
Pritchard vs. Spencer, 2 id., 4S6; DeCordovat-s. Gal-
veston, 4 Texas, 470; Oilman vs. Cutts, 3 Foster, (N.
H.,) 376; Willard vs. Harvey, 4 id., 344; Slater vs.
Cave, 3 Ohio,(N. S.,)80; Briscoe vs. Anketell, 28Miss.,
6(Cush.,)36; btate vs. Clark, 7 Ind., 408.) It has been
held, however, in Arkansas thatthostatutex>fl$44does
not apply to causes of actiou which had accrued at the
tinio of its passage. (Calvert vs. Lowell, 5 Eng., (Ark,,)
147; Morse vs. McLendon, id., 512.) So also in Ken-
tucky, as to the effect of tho revised statutes whero
the right of action had accrued previous to their pas-
sage. (Ashbrookvs. Quarle's Heirs, 15 B. Mon., (Ken.,)
20; and see also Didiertw. Davidson, 2Barb,(N. Y.,)
Ch., 477; Williamson  #. Field, 2 Sand.. (N. Y.,) Ch.,
533; Thompson vs. Alexander, 11 111., 54; Brown vs.
Wilcox-, 14 S. & M., (Miss.,) 127; Boyd vs. Baringer, 23
Miss.. (lCush.,) 289; Paddleford vs. Dana, 14 Miss.,
517; Clemens vs. Wilkinson, 10 id., 97; Gordon vs.
Mounts, 2Greene,(Iowa,)343; Ilinchvs. Weatherford,
id., 244; Dickcrson vs. Morrison, 1 Eng., (Ark.,) 264;
Lucas Tunstall, id., 448.)
"But a statute extending the tira&of Hinitaiicra wiS -
not revive cause of action already barred uader *>re~"
existing statutes. (Wright vs. Oikley, 5let.. (Mass.,)'
400; Joy vs. Thompson, 1 Dory, (Mich.,) 873 :Haw-
kins w. Campbell 1' Eng., (Ark )'512; GtrafeK ml
M0®-®6- 58-1; Walker m. Bank of Mis^issipol. "
id., SSI; Clariys. Bank of Mississippi, oid., 512; ItoL]
vs. Harlan, 7 Barr, (Penn.,) 292; Forsyth™. Ei '
Greene,(Iowa,)18i; McKianeytfs.Springer, ~
(Ind.,) 806; Davis vs. Miner, 1 How., (Miss.,I rat,;
Stopp vs. Brown, 2 Carter, (Ind..) 6*7: Wires vs. fajL
25 Vt., 41.) If, however, the cause of action be' not
already barred, the statute extending the time #111
apply. (Winston iw. MoCormack, 1 Smith, (Ind.,) 8..
And see Boyee ®s. Hardy, 2i Vt.. a DsanpJ j6®t
Henry vs. Thorpe, 14 Ala., 103; Cdx vs. Davis, 17 ti„ '
714.) In Louisiana it is held that where there is  
the subsequent time according to' the new statute.
(Deal ve. Patterson, 12 La. Ann. 11., 728.)"
And now I submit to the House that the
constitutional power to restore the right of
prosecution already barred and the expediency
of its esercise is established beyond contra ■'
versy.
It will have a salutary effect: if 5t shall be
understood that this is one of the latent powers
of Congress. -• - ■
One of the great errors, not to say one pf
the great crimes of Andrew Johnson, has been
and is that he has encouraged the rebels to
believe that they are already restored to ali
their rights and have no sins for which they
should atone.
The consequence has been and is, that the
leading spirits of the rebellion, feeling the
restraints of punishment removed, are defiant
and insolent. Aided by the President, they
have organized the forms of State governments
in defiabee of law, without consulting Con-
gress, the only competent authority.
They have gone through the forms of elect-
ing rebels, who assume to be Senators and Rep-
resentatives entitled to seats in Congress, in
utter disregard of the law prescribing a " test
oath.'' (Statute United States, page 502: act of
July 2, 1862.)
' These aspirants insolently demanded admis-
sion to these Halls while their hands are yet
red afid dripping with the blood of their vic-
tims, our murdered brethren. The spirit of
rebellion and disobedience is as rife to-day in
most of the rebel States as it was when the
last rebel army surrendered. If some few of
the great leaders can be made to understand
that they are yet liable to the penalties of trea-
son and that they may be candidates for these
rather than for positions to make laws for loyal
men, it will have a salutary effect in the way
of inspiring respect for the law and obedience
to its requirements.
The learned gentleman from-Rhode Island
[Mr. Jexckes] has said that—■
"If there is any offense for punishment or prosecu-
tion to which a statute of limitation should bepassed
it is of that class denominated political offenses, of
which treason is the highest."—Speech, December 12,
1866.
Rebellions hare generally been against des-
pots, to relieve people ground down by tyranny
and to secure the rights of men. For such po-
litical offenses every generous impulse demands
clemency and repose. But for the political
offense of treason in a Government ofthe peo-
ple like ours there ought to be no such generous
humanity, for it is without excuse when the
ballot is a sure corrective for all grievances.
I know, sir, that from the very necessity of
the case a great rebellion must be followed by a
general amnesty. The President has not only
issued his proclamation of amnesty for most of
those engaged in rebellion, but he has by par-
dons relieved most of those excepted from the
amnesty from ali punishments, if his -pardons
indeed be legal.
The reasons which existed at common law for
regarding treason as a political offense, which
should escape punishment whenever possible,
do not exist here.
"By the ancient common law (says Story) it was-
left very much to discretion to determine what acts
were and were not treason; and the judges" * *
* * "becamc but toooften instruments" * *
* * " of injustice." ^ s * * "They had
abundant opportunities to create constructive trea-
sons."—2 Story, Const., sec. 1797.
But if a mistaken zeal has perverted the law
