1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi*
ber, being citizens of the United States, known
to be skilled in any branch of industry or art,
who are hereby authorized to attend the Exhi-
tion in behalf of the United States as honorary
commissioners.
5. That the commission may employ a sec-
retary and clerks for the commission, the necos-.
sary scientific assistants and draughtsmen, and
may engage suitable rooms for the commission.
C. That no commissioner shall act as agent
for the show or sale of any article at the Exhi-
bition, or be interested, directly or indirectly,
in any profits from any such article.
The second section of the resolution makes
the following appropriations:
For additional freights from Now York to Havre,
$15,000.
For transportation and freightfrom Havre to Paris,
$10,000.
For return freight of articles owned by the United
States or lent to the Government by individuals,
$10,000.
For marine and fire insurance on the articles thus
lent, 83,000.
For additional steam-power at Paris, in the ' pal-
ace" and the "annex," or supplemental building,
and in grounds adjacent, $10,000.
For the exhibition of machines, agricultural and
other, and for tho erection of buildings to illustrate
the education and agriculture of the United States,
$15,000.
For the necessary expense of collecting, classifying,
labeling, and packing mineralogical and metallur-
gical specimens, to complete the exhibition of the
mineral wealth of the United States, $5,000.
For the necessary expense of labors and extra ser-
vice in the offices at Paris and New York, $5,000.
For the expenses of a secretary, clerks, scientific
assistants and draughtsmen, rooms, and other inci-
dental expenses of the commission, $20,000.
By the third section it is to be the duty of
the general agent at New York and of the
commissioner general at Paris to transmit to
Congress, through the Department of State, a
detailed statement of the manner in which the
expenditures herein authorized are made by
them respectively.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts what amount of
money was appropriated for this purpose at
the last session of Congress?
Mr. SUMNER. About one hundred and
fifty-six thousand dollars; and this appropriates
$93,000.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Making about two hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars in all. I do not
think such a sum of money is necessary for
this business. I cannot conceive it possible—a
quarterof a million of dollars! Unlessitcanbe
shown to be necessary I shall not vote for it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. This bill proposes a
congress of fifty-one from America to sit at
the Paris Exposition, with their expenses going
and coming and other expenses there to be
provided for by the Government. The appro-
priation made at the last session of Congress
ought to have been abundantly sufficient for
the purpose. I think it is a perfect absurdity
to be sending these commissioners and a com-
missioner general to Paris to attend to this
matter. They are to sit in council there and
determine how our products are to be pre-
sented. Sir, there will there be present from this
country men of science, men of art, men who
go to exhibit theii; productions, and it does not
require this extra, superlative legislation.
_ Mr. SUMNER. With regard to the neces-
sity of this appropriation I shall content
myself with a single remark. It was most
carefully canvassed by the committee. Never
has any measure with which I have been asso-
ciated been more carefully considered. There
is no single item which is mentioned in this
resolution which was not adopted after the
most conscientious consideration. If Senators
are of opinion that the United States should
abdicate the position it has already begun to
assume in this great industrial congress, they
should vote "against this resolution; but I
believe they will not be of that opinion. From
every part of the country public opinion is
declaring in its favor. Only a day er two ago
resolutions from the Legislature of Wisconsin
were presented and printed by order of the
Senate asking these appropriations. They
are needed in order to exhibit to Europe the
mineral, the cereal, and the agricultural re-
sources of our country. They are needed
also to exhibit what we have done in mechan-
ics and the arts. We need also scientific
representatives there, who shall bring back
their observations of the various countries of
Europe there assembled. But, sir, I will not
say another word; I am anxious to have the
' vote taken. I
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer a little
amendment, to which I suppose the Senator 1
from Massachusetts will consent. It is to in-
sert after the words "United States," in the
eighteenth line, page 3, the words "and for
the collection of specimens of agricultural pro-
ductions, under the joint resolution for that
purpose passed at the present session."
Mr. SUMNER. I accept that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Massachusetts whether he
expects this to be an end of the appropriations
that will be asked for this purpose ? He asks
the Senate now if we are going to back out of
what we have done. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Massachusetts, who urged ]
this matter originally upon the Senate, if he
notified the country at that time that he would ,
require a quarter of a million dollars, and if, on
the other hand, he did not notify the eoun- |
try that the expense would be very small ? I
should like to know now, whether, when we
meet in the next Congress, another quarter of
a million dollars will not have to be appro-
priated for this same purpose ; or whether
there is the least expectation on the part of
the Senator from Massachusetts that this is to
be the end of these appropriations? I do not
expect it to be. I look upon it as the most
unwarrantable appropriation of the people's
money that has been made since I have been
in Congress. I shall content myself with voting
against it.
I do not wish to take up time, but I have no
expectation that this is the end of it, and I
have no belief that the people of this country
expected, when the Senator from Massachu-
setts started this matter, that it was to take a
quarter of a million dollars to pay the expenses
of agents and others in Europe in connection
with this exhibition.
Mr. SUMNER. I am not aware that I
have ever given any notification one way or
the other that money would be demanded or
would not be demanded. I was never in a
position to express any opinion on that ques-
tion. At each stage of this measure I have
acted according to the information before me
and the necessities of the hour. If hereafter,
at some subsequent stage, it should seem im-
portant to the interests of the country that
further appropriations should be made, I
should not object, but it would be the duty of
the Senate to consider it at that time; all I
ask now is that the Senate shall act on the
question before it. Let it not wander under
the lead of the Senator from Illinois into the
future; when that comes let us deal with it in
the light of the future. I only ask you now to
deal with the question before you.
I have already said that these appropriations
are simply for the object proposed. Accord-
ing to all the evidence before the committee,
much more was needed to the adequate repre-
sentation of the resources of our country at
that great exhibition. But the committee, con-
scientiously disposed to every possible econ-
omy, cut every item down, and you have the
result in what I may call the very minimum
with which our representation can be ade-
quately conducted at Paris. The question
therefore is, are yon disposed to proceed with
this business or abandon it? If you wish to
abandon it, then you will vote against this joint
resolution. But unless you are ready to adopt
that extreme course, I think you will be con-
strained to comply with the conclusions of the
committee. The committee represent the Sen-
ate ; they have at heart the interests of the
Senate. There are no personal or private
interests represented in this joint resolution.
The committee had nothing in view except the
public welfare, and I believe they consulted in
that regard economy as well as ever any com-
mittee of this body did.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If I remember well,
at the last exhibition at Paris there was sent
from Boston a commissioner, Mr. Riddle, a
carriage-maker. I think he made good car-
riages, and rode in state in Paris. If I remem-
ber well—and I think I remember well, for
about that time I was residing in this city and
in ofEce—the claims he set up, after having
gone there to exhibit his own manufactures, at
his own invitation, amounted to $150,000 at
least. What the exact result of the action of
Congress in his case was I do not now remem-
ber, though I think he obtained his appropria-
tion. He, a single individual, going out a car-
riage-maker to exhibit the mode of construct-
ing vehicles, occupied the time of the two
Houses in considering his claims for months
and cost the Government more than a hundred
thousand dollars. If our manufacturing enter-
prises and our art enterprises cannot get along
with what we have already afforded to them
they had better withdraw.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on ordering the joint resolution to be
engrossed for a third reading.
Sir. COWAN called for the yeas and nfcys,
and they were ordered.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say one word
before the vote is taken. The great exhibi-
tion at Paris it is already settled will be the
greatest of that character that has ever yet
taken place. There will be congregated and
brought together the practical, real, and might-
iest wonders of the world. The currents of a
nation's life are perhaps better represented by
a nation's industries than in any other way.
The degree of life that we have as a nation and
its volume are to be determined by the world's
representatives by the part we shall take in this
great exhibition. There may have been a time
when we could have decided not to appear
there; but that time, I submit, has passed.
We have now an interest there from which we
cannot retire, which we cannot afford to yield.
I hope that there can be no considerable vote
in the Senate to disappoint the earnest and
real expectation of all parts of the country to
be thus fully represented at such a place.
Mr. WADE. When this measure was first
introduced I was opposed to it both in the com-
mittee and here. I thought I foresaw that it
was to be a very expensive business. But we
have got to go through with it. 1 do not sup-
pose now that this appropriation is more than a
beginning of what we shall be involved in when
everything comes to be summed up. But once
embarked, having been overruled in my opposi-
tion, the first step having been taken, I see no
place to back out. The dignity of the nation
requires that if we go into it at all we should
endeavor to make a respectable appearance. I
am sorry the appropriation has to be as large
as it is ; but the first step was the one that
cost. Being in it we have got to go through,
and there is no other way that I can see ; and
hence I was compelled to yield to this appro-
priation large as it is. Even this appropriation
will scarcely make us appear respectable there
in my judgment. I sincerely wish we had not
taken the first step; but as we have begun we
must go through.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 26, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Conness, Dixon, Edmunds,
Fessenden, Fogg, Foster, Fowler, Frelinghuysen,
Harris, Henderson, Howard, Johnson, Morgan, Mor-
rill, Pomeroy, Ramsey. Spraeue, Stewart, Sumner,
Van Winkle, Wade, Willcy, Williams, Wilson, and
Yates—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Buctalew, Chandler, Cowan, Ei-
vis, Hendricks, Ivirkwood, Lane, McDougall, Patter-
son, Riddle, Ross, Sherman, and Trumbnll—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Craein, Cres-
well, Doolittle, Grimes, Guthrie, Howe, Neimith,
Norton, Nye, Poland, and Saulsbury—13.
So the resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
The resolution was read the third time.
