1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1045
For myself I am prepared to show, at all
events I believe I can show, that I stand where
I stood in 1804. This question of reconstruc-
tion was a question in discussion, it'is true, in
1864. It was the very question upon which a
portion of the Republican party called together
a convention at Cleveland, because they were
dissatisfied with tho Administration and the
policy of Mr. Lincoln. It is a question upon
which there has been controversy in the .Re-
publican party from, that day down to the pres-
ent time. Upon that question I admit I took
one side ; the Senator from Massachusetts and
some others took another. And I admit also
that many Senators who stood with mo*" then
have become satisfied for some reason to ad-
vance and take position by the side of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. I do not find any
fault if their convictions lead them there. But
what I do say is, that because 1 have not ad-
vanced with them from my position to take
another they have no right to condemn me as
having deserted the positions which I occupied
then and still occupy.
But, sir, I shall not go into that question on
this occasion. I rose more to say in justice to
the. gentleman from whom the alleged letter
was written that it was purloined from my pri-
vate papers by some person unknown to me,
and has been published without my consent.
My colleague is now in his seat. As I staled
before, I acquit him entirely of any knowledge
on that subject, for I do not believe, had he
known the manner in which it was taken, he
would have used the letter in the Senate of the
United States.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President  
Mr. DIXON". With tho consent of the hon-
orable Senator from Pennsylvania, before he
procoeds I desire to submit an amendment
which I intend to propose to tho resolution of
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. AVade] to amend
the Constitution, when it shall come up. I
desire to have the following inserted as a pre-
amble :
Whereas at the first session of tho Thirty-Ninth
Congress an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States wasproposod to the Legislatures of the
several States, which said amendment has not been
ratified by tho States in which rebellion against tho
United States recently prevailed; and whereas there
is reason to believo that tho following amendment
to tho Constitution of tlie United States would, if pro-
posed by Congress, bo ratified by tho Legislatures
of said States; and whereas there is also reason to
believe that the constitutions of said States will soon
bo amended by the voluntary action of the Legisla-
tures and people thereof by the adoption of an article
in substance as follows, namely:
" A RTioLi;.—Every male citizen who has resided in
this State for one year, and in the county in which
ho offers to vote six months immediately preceding
the day of election, and can road the Constitution
of the UnitedStates in theEnglish language, and can
write his own name, or may be the owner ot S-j'J
worth of taxable property, shall be entitled to vote
at any election for Governor of the State, members of
the Legislature, and all other officers elected by the
people of the State; Provided, That no peison by
reason of this article shall bo excluded from voting
who has heretofore exercised the elective franchise
under tho constitution or laws of this State, or who
at the time of the adoption of this amendment may
bo entitled to vote undersaid constitution and laws."
Now, therefore, in view of the above considerations
and in the coniident hopo of an early fraternal
restoration of tho Union; Resolved by tho Senate and
House of Representatives,
Then comes the resolution, and I propose
to add to it this additional article ;
Article —.
Sec. 1. Tho Union under tho Constitution is and
shall bo perpetual. No State shall pass any law or
ordinance to secede or withdraw from thellnion, and
any such law or ordinance shall bo null and void.
Sec. 2. The public debt of the United States, au-
thorized by law, shall ever be held sacred and invio-
late, but neither the United States nor any State sha 11
assume ur pay any debtor obligation incurred in aid
of insurrection or rebellion against the Government
or authority of the United States.
Seg. o. All persons born or naturalized in the Uni-
ted States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of the United States and of the States in which
they reside. A' o State shall make or eniorcc any law
which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of the United States, nor shall any State de-
prive any person of life, liberty, or property without
due process of law, nor deny to any person within its
jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws. ,
Sec. 4. Representatives shall be apportioned among
the several States according to their respective num-
bers, counting the whole number of persons in each
Stato excluding Indians not taxed. Hut w lion any
State shall, on account of race or color, or previous
condition of servitude, exeludo from voting at any
election for the choice of electors for President and
\ ice President of the United States, Representatives
in Congress, members of tho Legislature, and other
officers elected by the people, any of the male inhab-
itants of such State, being tvrenty-ono years of age
and citizens of the United States, then the entire
class of persons so excluded from *tho elective fran-
chise shall not be counted in tho basis of representa-
tion. And no State shall require as a property quali-
fication for voters more than the value of $200 of
taxable property, nor as ail educational qualification
more education than enough to enable tho voter to
road tho Constitution of the United States in tho
English language and writo his own name.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I do not
propose to enter again into tho general debate
upon this bill; I spoke on a former occasion
at length; but I desire to say something in
answer to the Senator from Wisconsin who
spoke this morning, [Mr. Howe.]
The Senator from Wisconsin suggested a
point which was made in tiie great debate on
the subject of removals from office in the Con-
gress of 1789, to wit, that the Constitution has
made no provision and contains no grant of
power upon that subject except in the clauses
which relate to impeachment. I say that sug-
gestion was made in that debate, and it re-
ceived complete consideration from the several
members of the House of Representatives who
took part in the discussion. If ever there was
a point or a suggestion triumphantly met ami
answered it was this. The debate which went
on for nearly one month in the House of Rep-
resentatives at various times touched this
point. Tho debate upon it was exhaustive.
Inasmuch as the Senator from \\ isconsin, how-
ever, has introduced it now for the first time
in the debate upon this measure, I choose to
read from tho old record of debates an iniport-
ant passage which will dispose of the Senator's
argument, at least so far as it is founded upon
former authority. About the close of the de-
bate of 1789 Mr. Madison, in replying to his
colleague, Mr. Page, said;
" I have a great respect for tho abilities and judg-
ment^ of my worthy colleague, (Mr. Pago,) and am
convinced ho is inspired by the purest motives in his
opposition to what he concoives to be an improper
measure; but I hope lio will not think so strango of
our difference if he considers tho small proportion
of the House Avliich concurs with him with respect to
impeachment being tho only way of removing offi-
cers. 1 believo the opinion is held but by ono gen-
tleman besides himself. If this sentiment were to
obtain, it would give riso to more objections to the
Constitution than gentlemen a,re aware of; more
than any other construction whatever."
In a House consisting of between fifty and
sixty members, after a month's exhaustive con-
sideration of this whole subject of removals,
there were only two members left who enter-
tamed any such opinion as that whichlias now
been introduced into this debate by the Sena-
tor. from Wisconsin. In view of this it will
not be necessary for me to go over the argu-
ment again; to restate those considerations
and arguments which had so complete and
decisive an effect upon the House of Repre-
sentatives at tho time mentioned.
Why, Mr. President, that very clause of the
Constitution which provides that judges of the
Supreme Court shall not be removed, or, in
other words, provides that they shall hold their
offices during good behavior, is itself decisive
against any pretense of argument founded
upon the impeachment clauses ; because when
the Constitution provides in effect that these
particular officers shall not be subject to re-
moval except by impeachment the conclusion
is irresistible that other officers, both those
enumerated in the Constitution and those sub-
ordinate ones which may be established by law,
will be subject to such power. If this were not
so that provision which fixes tenure during
good behavior to the judicial office would be
a provision nonsensical and absurd.
But what I rose for principally was to supply
an omission in my former argument on this
subject. During tho former debate the Sen-
ator from Oregon [Mr. Williams] made the
statement in unqualified terms that Mr. Madi-
son had declared, with the acquiescence of the
men of his age or of his time, thatlbran abuse
by the President of his power of removing
from office he would be liable to impeachment
by the House of Representatives, and to trial
and sentence of degradation or removal from
office by the Senate. He repeated this from
a speech of a colleague of mine in the House
of Representatives, a very able member who
spoke upon removals from office at the present
session, and alluded to this declaration of Mr.
Madison, made in 1789. There is reason for
care and for caution in the Senate in discuss-
ing questions connected with impeachment, in
discussing questions of law connected with that
great subject. I regret that the Senator from
Oregon introduced this point into the debate ;
and I regretted also to hear the Senator from
Wisconsin this morning speak with some de-
gree of earnestness and at some length upon
the same point. As, however, this matter is
before us, and as our debates go to the coun-
try and opinions are formed upon them, I shall
do what I think to be my duty: I shall bring
before the Senate the record of the old debate
so far as this point was concerned, and with-
out argument of my own submit that record to
public judgment.
In the first place, I will read what Mr. Madi-
son did say:
"What will be tho motives which tlio Presidont
can feel for such abuse of his power and the restraints
that operato to prevent it? In tho first place, ho will
be impeachable by this IIouso before the Senate for
such an act of maladministration; for I contend tha,t
the wanton removal of meritorious officcrswould sub-
ject liiui to impeachment and removal from his own
high trust."
This was in the midst of the debate, and was
an observation obviously thrown off in the heat
of argument. It was taken up and answered
by Mr. Gerry promptly and strongly. He said:
" It is said that tho President will bo subject to an
impeachment for dismissing a good man. This, in
my mind, involves an absurdity. How can the House
impeach the Presidont for doing an act which tho
Logislaturo has submitted to his discretion?"
Of course if the submission of the question
of removal be by the Constitution itself tho
same observation would apply, lie was speak-
ing, however, upon a clause of the bill which
in form conferred the power on the President
to remove.
Again, Mr. Gerry said later in the debate,
and when he spoke with great deliberation and
power:
" How can you impeach the President, as was said
by tho honorable gentleman from Virginia, IMr.
Madison,] for exercising a power vested in liim by
law? Sir, it is an absurdity to talk of impeaohmont
on such occasions when tho officer is shielded by the
law."
I read again from Mr. Benson:
" But it is supposed that tho President may be im-
peached for an abuse of this power. How can that
event take placc? lie will tell you he thought it
incumbent, on him to displace the officer, because he
apprehended tho public tranquillity was in danger;
and if lio erred it was tho error of tho head not of tho
heart. And will any House of Representatives ever
he found to impeach tho Chief Magistrate of the
United States for an error m opinion V'
I confine myself to a few pertinent extracts
to show tho current of the debate, but propose
to add one remark : that although Mr. Madison
participated frequently in the debate after ho
first spoke, and although he noticed every ar-
gument which had been advanced by the oppo-
sition against his views ; although he exhausted
the subject with a fullness and with a power
that has few examples in argument in our
legislative history, he never recurred to this
point. He seems to have dropped it, to have
taken tho answers which were made by Mr.
Gerry and by other gentlemen as decisive.
Ho nowhere restates or attempts to vindicate
his former observations on impeachment.
I have read so much from the record of this
debate in order that the impression shall not
go forth to the public that the Senate is com-
mitting itself, without propriety, in advance
of any necessity or reason whatever to any par-
ticular opinion upon the law of impeachment;
and I conceive that this is an act of duty to the
Senate and to the public, inasmuch as this sub-
ject has been brought forward by others. This
was my purpose in rising, and I have accom-
plished it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not desire to enter
