1046
THE CONGKESSIOISTAL GLOBE.
February 6,
into any debate on the general question of the
power of Congress to regulate the tenure of
office. I have already shown by my votes that
I am of the opinion that Congress has the power
to regulate the tenure of office and legislate in
regard to removals from office. The Constitu-
tion does not in express terms confer upon any
one the power of removal from office. The
President has power to appoint to office, and
the Senate has power to advise and consent to
his appointments; but no express power is
given to tho President to remove persons from
office. This power must necessarily exist in
some department of the Govei'nment, and it
■was very natural at the beginning of the Gov-
ernment that the power should be exercised by
the President, ana that that should be acqui-
esced in from time to time. All that can be
said about it is that the different departments
of the Government have acquiesced in the
exercise of the power by the President; but I
think it has never been successfully denied that
Congress may regulate the power of removal,
as it may very many other functions of the
Executive. As this bill is based upon the right
of Congress to legislate in controlling and reg-
ulating the power of removal^ I have no doubt
of the constitutional power of Congress to paps
such a bill as this. Nor have 1 any doubt that
Congress may include within the provisions of
this bill the Cabinet officers. It is, therefore,
with me, not a question of constitutional law,
but a question of propriety ; and the question
resolves itself into this: will Congress by law
prevent the President from having a Cabinet
of his own choice?
If this amendment bo made and the bill
passes in thatshape, the result will be that when
a President goes out of office, the Cabinet offi-
cers of his predecessor will be continued ; the
incoming President will lie compelled to go on
with the same Cabinet officers unless the Sen-
ate concur with him in their removal. Sup-
pose that by a violent change of public opinion,
as may_ often occur in this country, a Presi-
dent of tho United States is elected who repre-
sents the great body of the people, and the
Senate remain of the old opinions, tho Senate
being a very conservative body, very seldom
changing, or changing only by slow degrees.
Suppose the Senate should refuse to obey the
voice of the people and allow a President
selected by the people to have a Cabinet of his
own choice through whom and by whom alone
he could perform the functions of his office.
Suppose that some Cabinet, minister under the
old Administration should hang on to his office,
it is hardly a probable supposition, I admit,
"because 1 do not see how any gentlemen could
do it, or how any man could hold an office of
that kind against tho will and wish of his chief;
but yet if we adopt, the amendment of the House,
and pass the hill in that shape, wo compel tho
President to retain in ofliec a man who is re-
quired to perform executive functions under
him against his will, simply because the law
forbids him from removing such an officer, and
because the incumbent has not courtesy enough
or has not sufficient deference to the public will
to retire from his office. 1 n other words, we are
culled upon to legislate to continue a man in
office against the will of the people and against
the will of his own chief.
Mr. President, I am not prepared to cast
such a vote. I have no doubt whatever that
the Cabinet officers ought to retire with the
President, and the Cabinet officers ought to
have harmonious relations, personal aud po-
litical, with the President of the United States.
The executive office is a unit, and must neces-
sarily be so. All the heads of Departments
must conform to the wishes of the President
in a great measure. He must have power and
control over them. It is impossible to divide
the executive authority. The same reason-
ing does not apply to the minor officers, be-
c.aasc they are merely subordinate agents, and
whether they agree with the President in po-
litical opinion or not is a matter of perfect
indifference. In England when a change of
administration occurs every member of the
Cabinet, as a matter of course, tenders his
resignation; new combinations and formations
are made ; but all the minor officers are re-
tained. When there is a change of Cabinet
ministry in England the subordinate offices are
not affected.
If this bill is« intended to prevent a whole-
sale removal of officers for political opinions I
think it a wise measure and it ought to be
supported, it ought to be voted for regardless
of the political divisions that now separate the
Senate from the President. It is a wise meas-
ure for all time. It ought to have been passed,
and probably would have been passed long ago,
if a similar condition of affairs had existed
before. But when you propose to extend that
principle to Cabinet offices a very different state
of facts arises anddifferent considerations apply
to the subject.
Now, I say that if a Cabinet officer should
attempt to hold his office for a moment beyond
the time when he retains the entire confidence
of the President I would not vote to retain
him, nor would I compel a President to have
about him in these high positions a man in
whom he did not entirely trust, both personally
and politically. It would be unwise to require
him to administer the Government without
agents of his own choosing.
It seems to me, therefore, that it would be
unwise for the Senate to ingraft in this bill a
provision that would enable a Cabinet officer to
hold on to his office in violation of the will of
his chicf. No harm can result from leaving
out such a clause, because if the President
appoints an unfit man, sends his name to the
Senate, tho Senate can reject it. Suppose the
personal relations between a Cabinet officer
and the President become unpleasant so that
they can have no social intercourse. The
Senator from Wisconsin says in such a case as
that tho Cabinet officer would resign ; but sup-
pose ho would not resign, suppose lie should
hold on lo his power and to position, what
then? There is nobody to remove him, no
power to remove him ; the President cannot
remove him, and yet ho can have no inter-
course with him. Would you compel such a
stato of affairs? It seems to me that it would
be unwise to do so.
There is no public exigency requiring such
a rule. What is a Cabinet officer after all?
The President's mere clerk, because, although
these Cabinet officers are considered as high
officers of the Government, they are the mere
clerks or recording agents of tho President,
having scarcely any power except that which
is given to them as a part of the executive
authority. It seems to me that when there is
any unpleasant relation, any unpleasant differ-
ences arising between tho President and any
one of these officers he ought to have tho power
to discharge liim. I would as soon think of
imposing upon the President a Private Secre-
tary with whom he had no kindly relations,
personal and political, as to impose upon him
a Cabinet minister with whom his relations
were not kiud. If, however, he sees proper to
remove any of these officers and undertakes to
appoint an unfit man the Senate have ample
power over the subject. If the name of a per-
son is sent here that is not entirely acceptable
to the Senate wo have the power to reject him,
and the President cannot fill the office until
we are with him, so that there is no exigency
that can arise for the passage of such a bill as
this would be with the House amendment.
Therefore, while I am willing to regulate the
tenure of office to prevent if possible the whole
sale removal of officers at every change of the
executive department, while I am willing by
some strict law to keep in office men who have
had experience and shown their fidelity, until
they are removed for cause, I am not willing to
extend that to the Cabinet ministers, from the
very nature of whose office the power over
them must be absolute. Tho power to separate
the relations between them and the President
must exist. Any gentleman fit to be a Cabinet
minister, who receives an intimation from his
chief that his longer continuance in that office
is unpleasant to him, would necessarily resign.
If he did not resign it would show that he was
unfit to be there. I cannot imagine a ease
where a Cabinet officer would hold on to his
place iu defiance and against the wishes of his
chief; and if such a case should occur I cer-
tainly would not by any extraordinary or or-
dinary legislation protect him in that office and
enable him to hold on to the office in defiance
of what would be regarded in every constitu-
tional Government as the proper rule, namely,
to retire when he separates or differs in opinion
from his chief.
My friend from Missouri [Mr. Henderson]
suggests to me a case: suppose the. southern
men bad not gone but at the beginning of the
war ; they and their party would have had a
majority in the Senate of the United States.
Suppose Mr. Lincoln could not have removed
the Cabinet ministers 'who were then around
him, that they could hold their offices in spite
of him, that there was no power in him to re-
move them. That is precisely the case that is
here provided for. It is a case which might
have actually occurred in that instance. But
for the withdrawal of the southern members
from their seats in the Senate Chamber the
Senate under the operation of a bill like this
could have compelled the new President, Mr.
Lincoln, to administer this Government with
the agents his predecessor had around him,
some of whom not very long before had act-
ually been conspiring against the Government
they were sworn to support. This is a pretty
strong statement, but it is a case that might
have arisen.
Take the case that may arise at the end of
the present Administration. Suppose the Pres-
ident at the end of his term should go out of
office and the people of the United States
should, as we hope they will, elect some man
in whom they have entire confidence ; would
you by this law enable the Senate of the Uni-
ted States to keep in office all the present
heads of Departments? My friend from Wis-
consin will say oh I no; thatisnotasupposable
case because the Senate is all right. But, sir,
we are legislating for the future. It will not
do for us to legislate merely for the condition
of affairs that now surrounds us. The case
may be different when all the States are repre-
sented and are back here, as they probably will
be before the next presidential election, when
they are all represented on this floor by two
Senators from each State. Suppose then, un-
der the operations of this law, the voice of the
people should not .be heard then, and the pres-
ent Cabinet should be kept in power, Sena-
tors would feel that this law did not operate
very well then.
There is no public exigency requiring aa
exercise of power like this ; nor do I believe,
although perhaps it is going out of the rec-
ord, that this subject was so fully considered
in the House of Representatives as to give to
the small vote that concurred in the passage
of this amendment the force that I am always
willing to give to the judgment of a coordinate
branch of the Government.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I shall
not enter into the discussion of this question,
but only say that I shall, under no circum-
stances, vote to prevent the President of the
United States from removing a Cabinet officer
at any time that he wishes to do so. In fact,
in my judgment, had the President been true
to himself and his real friends he would have
renewed some of his present Cabinet long ago.
I believe the President to be patriotic. He has
proved himself so throughout his whole life.
There has been no President in the last thirty
years who has appointed one tenth part of the
numbers of bis enemies to office as President
Johnson ; and there has been no President" in
that period who has removed so few of his
enemies from office.
But, sir, having said this much, I wish to
state that my principal object in rising was to
disclaim in behalf of the party to which I be-
long any approval of the proposed amendment
to the Constitution offered by the Senator from
