1722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish the attention of
the Senate for one moment, to see how we
have been drawn into this matter. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, when I put the ques-
tion to him, did not remember whether he had
given any assurance or not in regard to future
appropriations. When this question was before
the Senate at a former session, we then were
applied to on the same point, and were in-
quired of by the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Grimes] in what sort of an enterprise we were
embarking, where it was to lead, and whether
future appropriations would be necessary. In
reply to that question the Senator from Massa-
chusetts then said:
" I do not understand that there is any obligation,
direct or indirect, to any future appropriation on
this subject."
To-day he tells us, you have either to aban-
don the thing or make these appropriations.
Then he did not understand that there was any
obligation whatever, direct or indirect, to make
future appropriations; and in that way the
Senate, beguiled by the persuasive manner of
the Senator, embarked in this exhibition,
thought it would cost little or nothing to have
the country represented abroad, to bring to
notice its agricultural and mineral and scien-
tific resources, by exhibiting them in Europe—
" a very simple thing," he said. The Senate
and*Congress was thus beguiled and led along
to make the first appropriation. Indeed, I
believe originally, the first resolution did not
call for any money. The proposition only fixed
the salary of the general agent, and it was
said to be a very small matter, involving no
obligation afterward.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Like the Department
of Agriculture.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very likely; I do not
know whether it was the eloquence of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts that beguiled us into
that 
Mr. FESSENDEN. No. The Senator from
Illinois had something to do with it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir. The Senator
from Illinois was not the author of the Agri-
cultural Department. I suppose this appro-
priation is to go through; but I want to remind
Senators of the easy way in which they have
been led along to make these appropriations.
The Senator from Massachusetts having Btarted
us on the road, will not give us as much of an
assurance as he did a year ago. He said then
that he did not think it involved any obligation
to make future appropriations. But when he
is asked to-day, he says he will give no assur-
ance ; if money be necessary hereafter, it
must be voted. He has got us embarked in it,
and I suppose we must go to the end of the
voyage.
Mr. SUMNER. I am very glad to have the
last assurance of the Senator from Illinois,
that he is going with us to the end of the voyage.
His company is always pleasant, and I am very
glad to know that he is to be one of our fellow-
travelers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I spoke of the nation
and not of myself particularly.
Mr. SUMNER. But I choose to include
the Senator. We should not be happy if we
had not him with us.
Now, with regard to the proposition to which
he has called attention, the Senator misappre-
hends it. At the time I made the statement
which he has read we had before us simply an
initiatory resolution providing for an agency
in New York. I haa no reason at that time
to suppose that the United States would em-
bark further in this enterprise. It was several
months afterward that the question assumed
a larger character and that further appropria-
tions were made. The appropriations which
are made to-day are simply a continuation of
those that were made subsequent to the time
to which the Senator from Illinois has called
attention. When I made those remarks which
he has quoted I had no reason to suppose that
we should go further in the business. I spoke
honestly according to my impressions at the
time; and now I speak with equal honesty
when I decline to make any expression one
way or the other as to appropriations in the
future.
Mr. LANE. I have no doubt this measure
is to pass; but I wish to recall the attention
of the Senate for a moment to the inception
and history of this whole scheme. When the
subject was first introduced into the Senate it
was stated that the French Emperor had in-
vited this country and other countries to partici-
pate in this exhibition. It was then said that
it would cost our Government nothing. When
we were next called upon to act on the sub-
ject, it was said that it would cost a certain
amount to carry it through ; and now a further
and larger amount is asked for. I opposed it
from the beginning, believing that no public
good would result from it. I believe so now,
and I will venture to indulge in a prophecy: I
say this country will not get out of the Paris
Exhibition under $5,000,000 of expense, and 1
the whole thing from beginning to end is, in
my opinion, a grand humbug. I ask for the
yeas and nays on the passage of the joint reso-
lution.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest that the yeas and
nays have been taken once.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have them taken
again.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Conness, Dixon,
Doolittle. Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster, Fowler, Fre-
linghuysen, Harris, Henderson, Johnson, Morgan,
.Morrill, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sprague, Stewart, Sum-
ner, Van Winkle, Wade, Wiliey, Williams, Wilson,
and Yntes—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Hendricks, Kirk-
wood. Lane, McDougall, Patterson, Ross, Sherman,
and Trumbull—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell. Chandler, Cowan. Cra-
fin, Creswell, Fogg, Grimes, Guthrie,Howard,Howe,
fesmith, Norton, Nye, Poland, Riddle, and Sauls-
bury—16.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. BROWN. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Chandler, Davis,
Doolittle, Edmunds, Foster, Fowler, Frelinghuysen,
Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Johnson, McDou-
gall, Morrill. Norton, Patterson, Ramsey, Sprague,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Williams, and Yates—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Conness, Dixon, Fessen-
den, Fogg, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan, Poland,
Pomeroy, Ross, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Wade,
AVi 1 ley. and Wilson—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cowan, Cragin, Cres-
well, Grimes, Guthrie, Harris, Nesmith, Nye,Riddle,
and Saulsbury—11.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 2, 1867.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
The Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton, made
the following prayer:
Almighty and most merciful God, through
Jesus Christ, our crucified and risen Lord,
High Priest and Advocate of his people, we
implore Thy blessing for this last day of the
week; that thou wilt enable all these public
men so to close up the labors of the week that
they shall not fear to meet the record of it at
Thy judgment bar. Lord be with them indi-
vidually, and bless them in their private con-
cerns as well as in their public relations. Re-
member all their friends and households. May
the benediction of God rest on all those places
dear to their hearts to-day. And we implore
Thy blessing upon the Thirty-Ninth Congress
in these the last days of its existence. As
Thou hast, O Lord! on many occasions, mani-
fested Thyself, as we believe, in its behalf,
giving wisdom and guidance in difficult places,
so we beseech Thee to enable these legislators
so to close up the work that those who come
after them may find no reason for pulling down
and removing any portion of the structure, but
may find a work well begun and well devised
that they may easily finish, and so place the
country on stable foundations of peace.
Will the Lord bless all our rulers to-day, and
may all in the land receive from our Heavenly
Father a father's benediction, wide as the
wants and varied as the necessities of the peo-
ple may be.
May we all so live that at the last we may be
accepted of Thee through Jesus Christ, our
Lord and Redeemer. Amen.
The Journal of yesterday last was read and
approved.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the amendments of the Senate
to the bill of the House No. 896, makingappro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1867, and asked
a further conference on the remaining points
of disagreement between the two Houses.
member from nebraska.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. I desire to have the mem-
ber from the Stateof Nebraska sworn in. The
proclamation of the President declaring the
State of Nebraska in the Union has been pub-
lished this morning in the official organ. I
send the credentials of the member-elect to the
Chair, and ask that he be sworn in.
Mr. T. M. Marquette, member-elect from
the State of Nebraska, appeared, and having
taken the oath to support the Constitution, and
the oath prescribed by the act of July 2,1862,
took his seat.
reconstruction.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution:
Whereas ten of the States lately in rebellion, to
wit: Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Louisi-
ana, North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas, Missis-
sippi, and Virginia, have through their Legislatures
refused to ratify tho amendment to the Constitution
of the United States proposed by the Thirty-Ninth
Congress at their first session, and known as article
fourteen: Therefore,
Resolved, 1. That said amendments are deemed neces-
sary for the preservation of the Union, and required
in order to guaranty to every State a republican
form of government.
2. That no State lately in rebellion against the
Government of the United States ought to have a
representation on this floor as long as such State
declines the ratification of said amendment.
3. That said amendments are offering to the late
rebellious States terms precedent to the admission of
representation more conciliatory than they had a
right to expect, and if they continue to refuse to rat-
ify the same conditions more stringent ought to be
required.
4. That the doctrine of universal amnesty to those
who endeavored in the late bloody conflict to dis-
member this Republic ought to be discarded by every
loyal patriot.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
one clause of the resolution embodies a prin-
ciple in regard to representation, and therefore
the resolution is referred, under the rule, to
the joint Committee on Reconstruction with-
out debate.
Mr. LE BLOND. I move to insert " Mas-
sachusetts," as she has also refused to ratify
the constitutional amendment.
The SPEAKER. The resolution has gone
to the Committee on Reconstruction.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. KASSON, from a committee of confer-
ence, submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 1039) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various tribes for the year ending 30th June, 1868,
having met, after full and free conference haveagreed
to recommend, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from its disagreement to the
first amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with an amendment, as follows: strike out the words
"for first installment of annuity;" and insert "for
first of payments to be made during the pleasure of
Congress," and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede fromthesecond amendment
of the Senate, and agree to the same with an amend-
ment, as follows: strike out the words " for first install-
ment of annuity" and insert "for first of payments
to be made during the pleasure of Congress," ftud the
Senate agree to the same.
