1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tral Government as was compatible with its
existence in case of the secession of one or
more of the States. The gentleman who
occupied the executive seat at the outbreak of
the rebellion even questioned the right of the
General Government to provide for its own
safety in case of such secession. In this view
he was sustained by many able men in his own
party, who subsequently took part with the
Union in the armed conflict, ana by nearly all
that party in both sections of the country. So
far as political force availed, the victory at that
dark and doubtful period was with the enemies
of the General Government and in favor of the
so-called rights of the States. Many leaders
of-both political parties wavered. The politi-
cians apparently had been so indoctrinated
with the prevailing heresy of State rights that
it became a question with them whether we
really were a nation or a mere confederacy of
States, liable to be dissolved at any moment
through the ambition of some powerful sec-
tional politician acting upon the prejudices of
the people under his immediate influence.
We were almost in that condition which
marked the period of the dissolution of all
republics, and indeed of all nations. We were
about to be resolved into our original elements.
Then what saved us from such a frightful catas-
trophe ? Simply the instin ct of national preser-
vation in the great heart of the American peo-
ple. That instinct was superior to the situa-
tion. It rose above the doubts" and fears of
politicians ; as if the will of the Almighty him-
self was behind it jirging it on to save the
country from destruction it rushed to the res-
cue of the Government. It not only appalled
the enemy but it strengthened the friends of
the Union. In the darkest hour of disaster
it never once flinched from its original pur-
pose. It was the people that saved the Gov-
ernment during the war. It was the people
also that saved it during the late political con-
test. As they determined by the war that this
country should be a nation, so they determined
by the late political contest that no party
chicanery, that no dictation of men in power,
even supposed to be originally for the Union
could snatch the fruits of the war from their
hands.
This much was so emphatically decided that
he must be a madman or a traitor who doubts
it. Look at the influences brought to bear
against the people in the late contest! The
whole executive power and patronage of the
Government, now swelled to appalling propor-
tions, were thrown into the hands of the enemy,
so lately humbled and subdued on the field of
battle. Every artifice that a long acquaintance
with political management and an unscrupu-
lous use of political corrupting influences could
bring to bear to swerve the people from their
purpose was resorted to. The Executive him-
self, with unblushing effrontery and a total dis-
regard of the amenities and requirements of
his high station, descended into the political
arena and sought to bully the masses of the
people into submission to his autocratic will.
Such an exhibition of political violence as
was displayed in that pretended monumental
tour never before disgraced the country, and
for the honor of human nature and the credit
of republican institutio'ns I pray God never
will again. In the mean time, in every depart-
ment of the Government the political ax was
descending upon the heads of men too honest
to be corrupted and too patriotic to sell their
principles for place. A reign of political ter-
ror swept the land from one end to the other,
in the midst of which the Executive, by his
free pardons to rebels and more by promises
of what he would do in the future, was paving
the way for the return of the lately defeated
rebels to all the political power and to a higher
than the political status they had so lately for-
feited.
But in the midst of all this the people pro-
ceeded quietly to discharge their duties as citi-
zens who were determined to preserve to them-
selves a country; and, as during the late war
they proved their prowess upon tho battle-field
by the bayonet, so in the late political contest
they asserted their supremacy by the mightier
weapon of the ballot. By the bayonet they
saved us a nation on many a bloody battle-
field ; by the ballot, in one great and glorious
political contest, they preserved that nation for
themselves and their posterity forever. Amer-
ican nationality was the all-important question
decided by the people in the late contest for
political power. The period of that contest
will mark the time when the United States
entered into the great family of nations, with
power equal to if not greater than any other
of them all, to make herself feared and respected
both at home and abroad. In that contest the
Congress of the United States submitted to
the people certain propositions for their accept-
ance, which propositions it considered essential
to the future welfare, if not the very existence,
of the Republic. After a contest to which, as
I have stated, the annals of our political history
afford no parallel, the people accepted these
propositions, while the opponents of them re-
tired ignominiously from the field. The Execu-
tive may yet make a show of resistance to
them; but he must now see (and if he does
not it is time he should) that such resistance
betokens not only a spirit of factious opposi-
tion, but a desire-to cater to the prejudices and
passions of a section of the country whose
patriotism must at least for some years to come
be looked upon with a considerable degree of
distrust. After such a political verdict as that
lately rendered by the people, opposition to it
takes the form of opposition to the country
itself. If any belief remains in the hearts of
the opponents of the loyal masses of the ability
of the people to govern themselves, they must
surely see that in the late elections a higher
authority than that of any human law asserted
itself—the will of God speaking through His
chosen instrument—the voice of the people.
Let those in power heed it ere it be too late.
As to the terms of the propositions submitted
to and indorsed by the people, they are such
as the lately rebellious States should be glad
to accept. They are magnanimous on the part
of the victors and not humiliating to the van-
quished. They deprive but a few leading spirits
of the rebellion of their rights, and in their
cases the deprivation is confined to rights more
nearly approaching the character of privileges
than any other enjoyed in a republican form of
government. In fact, these terms thus offered
to rebels lately in arms tend to elevate rather
than depress the people of that section of the
country; as they open a way for the gradual
incorporation into its body-politic of a class
of persons who, under proper instruction and
encouragement, may become hereafter as polit-
ically as they have heretofore been socially and
materially useful. But even in this instance no
force is used. The elevation of the subject-
class of the South to political rights is virtually
left in the hands of those who at present wield
sovereign sway. It is left for the latter to say
whether they are ready to admit the former to
association with them. All the loyal people
of the country ask for is security for the future.
And is it too much to expect this? In treaties
with foreign Powers at the close of the war
the victors in all cases ask not only for se-
curity for the future, but for indemnity for the
past.
The loyal people of the United States mag-
nanimously concede the indemnity; but let
not the late rebels be mistaken, for as magnan-
imously as they concede it so as religiously
and determinately will they exact the security.
There can be no alternative. If the security
is not obtained in the way indicated in the
amendments as proposed by Congress, it will
be obtained in another, and I am free to say
one more in accordance with my own individ-
ual ideas of justice and propriety. That other
I indicated as long since as the 15th of Febru-
ary, 1866. and consists in the assumption of
the right by Congress, by a declaratory act. to
pronounce citizenship and suffrage synony-
mous : in other words, to assert the axiom that
every man born on American soil is an Amer-
ican citizen, and as such heir to all the rights,
privileges, and immunities of all other Ameri-
can citizens. So that if the rebel States are
not willing to concede to the loyal people of
the country the least measure of justice to
which the latter are entitled, that is, security for
the future, the loyal people themselves will
seize that security by simply declaring that
universal suffrage shall henceforth be the shib 
boleth of American political brotherhood.
Let these men, then, who by their causeless
rebellion have forfeited all their rights of citi-
zenship choose whom they will serve, for there
are and can be but few alternatives open to
them. These alternatives are, the acceptance
of the constitutional amendments, the cre-
ation of provisional governments, or the ac-
knowledgment of the God-given right of all
men to govern themselves according to the
dictates of their own consciences, uncontrolled
by any external influences whatever. Either
one of these is eminently just. Indeed, if a
preference is to be given on the score of justice,
it is to that one which is founded on the prin-
ciples which are the corner-stone of our polit-
ical edifice. That edifice was erected by the
people for the people and their posterity; not
by a portion of the people for the benefit of
themselves exclusively. Read every word of
the Declaration of Independence, and every
article of the Constitution, and you will find
no distinction or reservation as to the applica-
tion of the rights there secured to any portion
of the people. And this was at a time even
when nearly every State held a certain class
of its people in bondage.
That fact was ignored to the extent that even
when these people were no longer slaves in
several of the States they became entitled to
the suffrage; they were elevated in all respects,
civil and political, to the status of the people
among whom they resided. It was only when
Judge Taney invented the dogma that by the
universal consent and practice of the world at
the time the Constitution was formed these
persons had no rights that white men were
bound to respect, that it was discovered,
(because of the existence of slavery in several
of the States and for the sake of its security,)
it was necessary that these people should be
declared citizens by a change in the ot-ganie
act itself. But that change has been effected,
and now there are no subjects in these United.
States. All are sovereigns, and entitled to
sovereign rights. If this were not so, where
is the article or articles in the Constitution
which provides for the creation of sovereign
rights in any person heretofore a subject?
There is no such provision. And why? Sim-
ply because the Constitution recognizes every
man born in the United States as already pos-
sessing the rights of sovereignty. There is,
to be sure, a provision for naturalization; but
that is wholly in the case of subjects or sov-
ereigns of other nationalities. It has no ap-
plication to our own people. Judge Taney in
the Dred-StCott decision says:
" The Constitution upon its adoption obviously took
from tho States all power by any subsequent legisla-
tion to introduce as a citizcn into the political fam-
ily of the United States any one, no matter where he
was born or what might be his character or condi-
tion."
Now, then, if the States have no power to
elevate any man to citizenship, and Congress
has no power to do so except exclusively in
the ease of aliens, does it not follovy that citi-
zenship is the natural, inherent right of every
man born on the soil, and that to deprive him
of it would be, not only to violate his inherent
rights of humanity, but to sap the foundations
of the Government itself? Citizenship in the
United States is a right, not a privilege. In
monarchical or despotic countries it may be
the latter, because the king or the emperor
claims to rule by divine right, and thus to dis-
pense laws by favor of his gracious will. But
in this country all are sovereigns-; all are sup-
posed to be governed by laws founded on the
principles of eternal justice. No man can give
to another any right as by favor. No man can
receive from another any privilege as by right.
