1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1725
I wish to ask some questions in regard to one
or two of those amendments.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not propose to
fo through with a statement of all of them,
'hey are very numerous.
Mr. HALE. Then the gentleman will allow
me to ask him a question in regard to one or
two of them. The gentleman has already stated
that the committee recommend that the House
recede in regard to the provision for terminat-
ing the contract with the Congressional Globe.
I wish to ask whether the report proposes that
the Senate recede from those amendments strik-
ing out the appropriations for the Globe for the
coming Congress.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir; we pro-
pose that the Senate recede from all those.
Mr. HALE. Then the effect of the action
agreed upon by the committee is merely to give
the notice terminating the contract?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir. We pro-
pose that the Senate recede from all its amend-
ments with reference to the Globe, except one,
leaving the appropriations for the Globe stand
just as they went from the House.
I now yield to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Thayer.]
Mr. THAYER. I wish to say a word to cor-
rect what I think is an erroneous impression on
the part of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Conkling] in regard to the amendment relat-
ing to the compensation of the reporter of the
Supreme Court. The gentleman seems to be
under the impression that there is some general
provision of law authorizing this compensation
where the reporter is ordered by the court to
issue an extra volume. That is not a correct
impression. There is no such general law.
There have been at times various acts passed
authorizing an extra appropriation where extra
volumes were ordered by the Supreme Court;
but those provisions related to the particular
instances specified. There is no general pro-
vision of law authorizing this compensation.
The reporter will be obliged by the court to
print an extra volume during the present year
and to furnish to the Interior Department
three hundred copies of this extra volume.
It is manifest that he cannot do this at his
own expense, upon the ordinary compensa-
tion allowed him by existing law. In my judg-
ment simple justice requires that the compen-
sation which was fixed in this bill shall be
allotted to this office.
absence of territorial officers.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to stato
that yesterday a bill entitled "An act to pre-
vent the absence of territorial officers from
their official duties," which has not been passed
by the House, but referred to the Committee
on the Territories, was erroneously enrolled.
The error was discovered by the Speaker, but
not till the bill had gone to the Senate. If
there be no objection, a message will be sent
to the Senate requesting the return of the bill.
There was no objection.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
Jts Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (H. R. No. 588) for the relief of
William H. Webb, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
The message also announced that the Senate
had insisted on its amendments, disagreed to
by the House to the bill (H. R. No. 1161) to
amend existing laws relating to internal rev-
enue ; had agreed to the conference asked by
the House, and had appointed Messrs. Fes-
benden, Morgan, and Hendricks, as the con-
ferees on the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1134)
declaring and fixing the rights of volunteers as
a part of the Army.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now yield to my
colleague on the committee, the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Woodbridge.]
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I am
not very particular whether the House agree
to the report of the committee of Conference
or disagree to it and send the whole matter to
a new committee. It will be recollected, how-
ever, that we have but very little time between
this and the close of the session. This is a
very long bill as well as a very important one,
and considerable time will be required for its
engrossment. As a committee, we spent in
faithful work a large portion of two days before
we arrived at the agreements which are stated
in this report. It seemed to us important that
we should bring the two Houses together as far
as we could; that when we had relieved the
bill from as many disagreements as possible,
another committee of conference, having fewer
! questions before them, could probably arrive
more expeditiously at some agreement which
might be partially, if not entirely satisfactory.
The only points of difference now remain-
ing are three in number. One relates to the
payment of the employes of this House ; the
second relates to the payment of the employes
of the Senate ; and the other has reference to
the proposed increase in the salaries of the
'judges of the United States. Upon the first
two questions it is very likely an agreement
might have been had; but the members of the
committee on the part of the House did not
deem it proper for them to agree to the de-
mands of the Senate in relation to thepayment
of our own employes ; Jfnd upon that we split
permanently. The question now is whether
the numerous matters on which the two Houses
have differed shall be reopened, or whether the
differences shall be reconciled so far as the
committee have been able to reconcile them.
I think it better that this report should be
accepted and that the three remaining matters
of difference should be referred to a new com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now yield to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks. ]
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, the question
referred to a committee of conference is a
single question, and I do not think any com-
mittee has the right to divide it. But e?en if
it be allowable under parliamentary law, as I
think it is not, that the question referred to
such a committee shall be divided, certainly it
is not good policy for the House to permit a
division, because one matter of disagreement
may help to settle another by giving room for
mutual concessions. If a new conference be
had upon all the disagreeing votes, the labors
of the committee, whose report has just been
presented, would not go for naught, because
the record of its action will go before the new
committee. If the new committee should be
disposed to agree to the same propositions of
settlement the points of disagreement to that
extent would be settled, and the committee
could at once proceed to the reconcilement
of those questions remaining undetermined;
therefore no time would be lost; and by this
course we should conform to the strict parlia-
mentary rule that the question submitted to
a committee of conference is a single question,
and cannot be divided by the committee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have already stated
that, in the opinion of the committee, the adop-
tion of this report will facilitate an agreement
between the two Houses, and help to insure
the passage of the bill. It can be at once en-
rolled, with the exception of the three sections
on which there is still a disagreement. I call the
previous question.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to a point of
order. I wish to inquire of the Chair whether,
if the previous question be not seconded, it
will then be in order for me to enter a motion
to disagree to the report and appoint a com-
mittee of conference?
The SPEAKER. It will.
On seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion, there were—ayes 31, noes 67.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. CONKLING. I now move that the
House disagree to the report of the commit-
tee of conference and ask the appointment of
another committee of conference.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order.
Does this motion take precedence of the motion
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
Worth,J that the House agree to the report?
The SPEAKER. If the report of the com-
mittee of conference proposed to settle all dis-
agreements and pass the bill, the motion to
agree to the report would have priority ; but
as the report leaves the question still open, the
motion of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Conkling] is in order.
Mr. CONKLING. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. CHANLER. If the motion of my col-
league fails, will not the effect be that the House
The SPEAKER. The question will then
recur on the motion to agree to the report.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof Mr. Conkling's motion was agreed
to; there being on a division—ayes eighty-
five, noes not counted.
The SPEAKER appointed as managers on
the new committee of conference on the part
of the House Mr. Conkling, Mr. Sohenck,
and Mr. McCullottch.
enrolled bills and joint resolution,
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills and joint resolu-
tion of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 470) to authorize the change
of a name ;
An act (S. No. 477) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to continue, alter, and amend the
charter of the city of Washington," approved
May 17, 1848;
An act (S. No. 534) to provide for the allot-
ment of the members of the Supreme Court
among the circuits, and for the appointment
of a marshal for the Supreme Court;
An act (S. No. 589) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to incorporate the National The-
ological Institute," and to define and extend
the powers of the same ;
An act (S. No. 529) to incorporate the How-
ard University in the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 570) extending the time for
the completion of certain street railways;
An act (S. No. 128) authorizing limited
partnerships in the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 493) supplemental to an act
to establish the Treasury Department, ap-
proved September 2, 1789;
An act (S. No. 264) to grant certain privi-
leges to the Alexandria, Washington, and
Georgetown Railroad Company in the District
of Columbia; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 160) for the re-
lief of Dempsey Reece, of Indiana.
amendment of the tariff.
The question then recurred on Mr. Alley's
motion, to suspend the rules to allow him to
introduce the following joint resolution:
Joint resolution to amend section five of an act
entitled "An act to increase duties on imports, and
for other purposes," approved June 30.1804.
Jiesolvea by the Senate and House of Jiepresentativa
of the United States of America in Congress assembled.
That the paragraph of section five ot an act entitled
"An act to increase duties on imports, and lor other
purposes," approved Jane 30, lSti4, as follows, to wit:
"On lastings, mohair cloth, silk twist, wool, or
other manufactured cloth woven or made in patterns
of such size, shape, and form, or cut in such manner
as to be fit for shoes, slippers, bootees, gaiters, and
buttons exclusively, not combined with India-rub-
ber, ten per cent, ad valorem," be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Mr. ALLEY. In case the rules be suspended
will I not retain control of the matter?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
the gentleman; but the House will have the
control of the resolution.
Mr. ALLEY. If any attempt of unfairness
be made I pledge myself to withdraw the reso-
lution.
