286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
January 4,
by a combination of influences mainly foreign to
the great issue.by the aid of corporations and
lavish expenditure of -money, which it was
impossible successfully to combat. The fullest
force of the Federal A dministration was turned
against me; secret circulars containing unseru-
pulousmisrepresentations of my acts and sen-
timents, supposititious extracts from a speech,
not one word of which did I ever utter; garbled
extracts from my public papers, a base and
ungfenerous appeal to the passions and preju-
dices of a large class of voters, by misrepresent-
ing my motives and action in the discharge of a
solemn and painful executive duty years gone
by, were circulated without limit. In a district
of uncertain political character, ofttimes Dem-
ocratic, these and other less important causes,
■together with an unfounded confidence in our
success, have conspired to deprive us of an ad-
ditional Representative. But, whilst an indi-
vidual has fallen, and his ripple will soon sub-
side, our lofty and sacred principles are imper-
ishable and will.never fade away. It rejoices
me to remember that I have been their early
and earnest advocate, and I shall never cease
to cherish and defend them.
Mr. WENTWORTH.- Mr. Chairman, a few
days ago I offered a resolution calling upon the
President for information in respect to the par-
don of the- Chicago conspirators, as they are
generally called.- I understand they have all
been pardoned but one. I understand with
reference to that one the usual course is being
resorted to for the purpose of getting him par-
doned, namely: first a number of quasi rebels,
men too old to go to the war themselves, but
who sent their sons and grandsons and there-
fore claim to be loyal, sign a petition. Then
they get a leading clergyman, a bishop of some
diocese perhaps, to sign the petition. Then
they go to a few weak-backed Republicans and
get their signatures, and finally take the usual
course through the well-known claim agents or
Sardon brokers, male or female, in this city.
at to give strength to their efforts in this case
I hear ihat they have finally got the Legislature
of Florida to pass a joint resolution asking for
the pardon of the only remaining one of these
Chicago conspirators.
No information from the President has come
to this House touching this conspirator. Since
I introduced the resolution on this subject I
have received a letter from one of the most
gallant colonels of all our Illinois regiments,
which I will send to the Clerk to be read in
order that the people of this country may know
what class of persons they are who are seeking
and getting pardons from the President.
The Clerk read as follows:
Ottawa, December 20,1806.
Sir: I havo just read in the papers your remarks
respecting the application of Florida for the restora-
tion of Urcnfol from the Dry Tortugas.
I had the misfortune to fall into the hands of this
infamous rebel as a prisoner of war when lie was the
adjutant general of John Morgan's brigands.
He is in uxy opinion one of the very worst men that
lives on the face of the earth, and was known as a
robber and murderer and the most conspicuous
guerilla in all the rebellion. He should have been
hunev Nover allow him to be released: keep him on
thoTortugas until he rots, is my desire forthescoun-
drcl.
Yours very truly, A.B.MOORE,
Late Colonel One Hundred and Fourth Illinois In-
fantry.
Hon. John Wentworth, Member of Congress.
That, sir, is the way the mass of our sol-
diers feel respecting these men, and soldiers
generally talk as they feel. Whether this man
has been pardoned I cannot say, but this we
do know: that men as bad as he is (and there
can be none worse) have been pardoned.
Under the late decision of the Supreme
Court I understand that all such criminals arc
to be liberated by writ of habeas corpus. I
have read both the majority and minority
opinions of the court, and I find that for the
most part they are both based upon the law
of lSlio. .1 have been looking over the law
more particularly this morning and I cannot
well see how respectable lawyers can attack
that decision of the Supreme Court after hav-
ing read this law. I refer to the points where
both the majority and minority agree. I do
not see how they could have done any less than
give that decision under that law. In view of
that fact, I introduced a resolution yesterday
calling upon the Judiciary Committee of this
House to report whether any measure was
necessary to retain the assassins of President
Lincoln and the conspirators who attempted
to burn the city of Chicago where they are
and where they belong.
Now, let me state the facts in the Chicago
ease. This man Grenfel was an Englishman.
Fighting and robbing seemed to be his profes-
sion. He was sent out by the Jefferson-Davis
government to liberate the prisoners at Camp
Douglas and afterward to burn the city. Had
he succeeded, there is every probability that
the Davis government would have employed
him as one of the assassins of Mr. Lincoln.
Now, this conspiracy was not discovered
until the night but one before the election.
At that time, of course, the most of the male
citizens were engaged in matters incident to
the election. The intention was to commence
their .work on Monday night preceding the elec-
tion. On Sunday night all these men were ar-
rested. What chance for civil tribunals then ?
Many of them were citizens of our own State.
In regard to others who escaped before arrest
wc do not know what States they were citi-
i zens of. Now, under the decision of the Su-
| preme Court, based unanimously upon the law
' of 1863, all those who were citizens of a State
where the processes of the courts were not in-
terrupted were liable to be tried only by civil
tribunals. In that view of the case it was only
necessary to employ citizens of free States
(and God knows we have in the loyal States as
mean rebels as can be fouud in the southern
States) to do their fiendish work, and the
military tribunals were estopped from trying
them.
In view of these facts, I shall on the earliest
occasion introduce a bill and have it referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary to repeal
the law of 18G8 ; and I hope when it shall be
so referred that the able lawyers on that com-
mittee will sift the good (if there is any) from
the bad in that law, and report back something
to this House that will keep the assassins of
the President, Chicago conspirators, and all
others equally base where they belong.
I know nothing about the passage of this law
(as I was not then in Congress) and especially
do lknow nothing of the causes that led to the
limitations that are placed in it making one
provision for traitors, conspirators, and assas-
sins in some States, and another for those in
others; and I make these remarks on this occa-
sion expressly to call the attention of the many
soldiers and able lawyers of this House to it,
and also that the public may place the respon-
sibility of the origin of this law, upon the effect
of which the opinion of the court is unanimous,
where it properly belongs.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Chairman, thePresi-
dent of the United States did not in his late
message commend the proposed constitutional
amendments to the rebel States, nor did he
promise that on their adoption they should
have a representation in Congress. Such a
pledge would havo been made without author-
ity, and have been an untrue reflection of the
spirit of the radical governing power of this
country.
Congress is committed to the amendments as
proper—a first installment—but has made no
promise that being complied with the millions
late in arms against the Government shall be
permitted to take their place in the family again.
Prudence and statesmanship will ask what is
the spirit and the sentiment, what the local
laws, of the people we would endow with po-
litical rights and equal privileges. The newer
States of the Northwest gave their hundred
thousand majority and returned an almost united
Union delegation, not in pledge or concurring in
the opinion that justice would restore States
where a sordid motive only was presented in se-
curity for impartial justice. The returned sol-
i diers" and the people in great masses, in con-
ventions, and atpublic discussions, declared that
they who fought our battles and were onr tried
friends should never be left to the qaprices and
cruelties of their late rebel masters unprotected
with a ballot.
I see before me the gentleman from Illinois,
the Nestor of this House from the Northwest,
who comes back here endorsed by a majority
of near ten thousand, to whom I might safely
appeal in corroboration of the understanding
of our peop! ?.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the
gentleman from Iowa refers to me, I will state
frankly that I made no such pledge. On the
other hand, I stood to the doctrine enunciated
in the report which he holds in his hand. I
hold to it yet, and if I had been in my seat—
and I was detained from it by indisposition—
when the vote was taken for the admission of
Tennessee, I desire to state here that I should
have voted with the minority; I should have
voted as my friend would have voted if he had
been here, against the admission.
Mr. GRINNELL. That conforms entirely
to the sentiment entertained by the State of
Iowa, that gave 37,000 Union majority, where
the loyal press seem to be unanimous as to our
having made a bargain. Not one of them ever
held that they were bound to receive these
States upon the mere adoption of the constitu-
ti<inal amendment, and I am thankful to my
friend for this testimony, and the report of this
minority will stand as a permanent document
as developing the truth in regard to this ques-
tion. It demands as a conditipn the incorpora-
tion of impartial suffrage in the constitution of
every State desiring admission.
T£te waves of public opinion, rolling higher
day by day and week by week, proclaim it is
no settlement. Millions of freedmen know
that their civil rights cannot be assured with-
out suffrage in States now ruled by the spirit
of barbarism. Tried loyalists who fled for
their lives, learned judges, ex-governors, and
legislators, who have come back to their
homes, from which they were driven by this
war of traitors, now ask, '• Shall it be said of
the American people that, after fighting for four
years at the sacrifice of hundreds of thousands
of precious lives, they are now ready to sur-
render to conquered enemies who, having in
vain tried to destroy the Constitution, now
claim its protection?" They have "rebel State
governments in each, rebel Legislatures, rebel
parish officers, a rebel police, a rebel public
sentiment, which sustains a rebel press, a rebel
church, and a rebel bar, and swarms of ex-
rebel soldiers ready, when the proper time
arrives," to precipitate the southern States into
another resolution.
The unwilling testimony of our enemies is
proof of this. Their press publishes their shame
of selling men into slavery. By the court rec-
ords thelatc lords of the lash go unpunished
for the murder of men struck down wearing the
scars of the valiant sable soldiery, and even their
Moses—"they wot not what has become of
him"—who has changed his Israelites, dis-
charges the criminal held for trial. In Texas,
the remotest State, where thousands just free
died by violence the last year, General Sheri-
dan testifies that "the trial of a white man for
the murder of a freedman would be a farce.'1
A nearer State illustrates the same spirit, where
the light from the torch of the incendiary almost
illumines the dome of this Capitol. It must be
said by that Christian patriot, Judge Bond, in
reply to the persecuted poor, " \V hen we think
that all the outrages of which you complain, and
the burning of twelve churches and school-
houses could take place, and all the pulpits
remain assilent as if the millennium had dawned,
it is marvelous." Not only refusing to provide
schools for those whose fathers have cleared
away their forests and reaped down their fields,
they are intolerant of thcpureslbenefieenceof
the teachers who come to the victims of slavery,
delivered by the valor and blood of our soldiers,
to brighten the futureof the downcast and rescue
them from ignorance and crime. 'I hey even
doom to the coll and to wearing the ball and
