1050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
it to the courts of the District of Columbia.
There is no end if we begin to extend this pro-
vision beyond the Departments for which we
are professing to legislate, and bring in every-
body else. I am opposed to the first step, be-
cause if the door is once opened there is no
end to it. Why should we extend this twenty
per cent., which it is proposed to give to cer-
tain persons in the Departments for reasons
applicable to them, to others having no con-
nection with the Departments?
Mr. STEWART. I will simply remark that
this resolution is pretty general already. It
includes everybody about the Capitol here, I
believe, pretty much ; and this amendment is
to provide for a very small number of .persons
who receive a small compensation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The only person about
the Capitol who is included in the resolution is
the superintendent of meters, who gets about
six hundred dollars a year.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It seems to me this
amendment ought to be adopted. From what
I understand about it, these persons are about
the least paid of any cmploy6s almost.
Mr. MORRILL. I inquire whether this
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ne-
vada can be amended ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks not. It is an amendment to an amend-
ment. A further amendment would be an
amendment in the third degree. . .
Mr. MORRILL. Then perhaps I shall ac-
complish my object by stating that the bailiffs
and criers in the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia have only two dollars a day.
I do not oppose this amendment; 1 am rather
inclined to think it should be adopted ; but I
desire to say that if the committee think it
allowable to extend the resolution beyond its
present limits it should, in my opinion, em-
brace the parties to whom 1 have referred.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope wo shall not
go beyond the Departments. If we do there
is no knowing where wo shall stop. Every-
body comes in who is in the public employ-
ment in anjr capacity, no matter where, all
over this District, at the arsenal, the navy-
yard, and the printing office, everywhere,
men who arc as well paid as others doing the
same work in private employment, and many
of whom get the money the Government pays
Ihein without interfering with their ordinary
business.
The question being put upon the amendment
to the amendment, there were, on a division—
ayps 13, noes 15; and it was declared to bo
rejected.
Mr. STEWART. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to- know
if the yeas and nays can be called for after the
result of the vote lias been declared?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Strictly not
in the opinion of the Chair. The yeas and nays,
however, wore called for in this ease while the
Chair was announcing the result. The Chair
thinks that after the announcement is fairly
made it is too late to call for the yeas and nays.
The Chair is inclined, however, to entertain the
call, because it is in the power of the Senate
always to refuse the yens and nays, for they
ean only be ordered by one fifth of the Sena-
tors present.
Mr. STEWART. I withdraw the call.
1 he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment to the amendment is disagreed to. The
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Oregon.
Mr. RAMSEY. I wish to move an amend-
ment to the amendment, to provide for what
I think must be a case of omission. The case
to which I call attention is clearly contemplated
by the general character of this resolution;
but there is no provision made for it. I refer
to the case of the employes at the arsenal.
They are in fnie way connected with the
War Office, for a large number of the employes
of which provision is made. Their services
are certainly very indifferently compensated,
and are often very perilous. I think of all
classes they ought to be included. It is a clear
case of omission, as I have no doubt the com-
mittee will think when they come to reflect
upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have reflected on
it; we had it before us.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to insert the word
"arsenal" after the word "navy-yard" in
the thirteenth line, so as to include the em-
ployes of the arsenal.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope no Senator will
suppose that any omission in this resolution
resulted from oversight, for if there ever was
a measure that was carefully considered upon
the representations of all parties concerned
this is one. I have been overwhelmed with
applications from all the employ6s of the Gov-
ernment in this District of every description
in reference to its provisions. . I will say that
applications have been made by the employes
at the arsenal, the navy-yard, Government
Printing Office, and other places where persons
are employed,_ and by the laborers upon the
Capitol extension and the Treasury extension,
for a provision in this resolution to embraco
them. And if the employ6s of the arsenal bo
now embraced, then all the employes at the
navy-yard, on the Capitol and Treasury ex-
tensions, and in the Government Printing
Office ought to be embraced, for there is no
reason for making any discrimination ; and it
is 'a question for the Senate to determine
whether these mechanics and laborers and
others who are employed at these different
places shall or shall not be embraced within
the provisions of this resolution.
There are about twelve hundred persons
employed at the navy-yard, some throe or four
hundred at the arsenal, some five or six hun-
dred in the Government Printing Office, and
several hundred ujion the Capitol and Treas-
ury extensions. Twenty per cent, upon the
wages paid to all these employes, as nearly as
I can estimate it—of course I have not ob-
tained any very great accuracy—would amount
to between three and four hundred thousand
dollars. 1 desire to have the Senate determine
the question. If the motion of the honorable
Senator from Minnesota prevails I shall then
insist that the resolution shall embrace all the
persons employed in these different places, for
there is no reason in the world why they should
not be included.
There is a large number of poor women
employed in the Government Printing Office,
some one hundred and sixty, who only receive
from twenty-five to fifty dollars per month for
their services. They have made most patlictic
appeals to mo to include them in this resolu-
tion, as though I had entire control of the
matter, and it was not in any way tho action
of the committee; but it was the decision of
tho majority of tho committee that these per-
sons ought not to be included.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. The unanimous de-
cision?
Mr. WILLI AMS. It was the decision of the
committee as to these persons employed by the
day that they should not be included in this
resolution. "Those who have the superintend-
ence of these different offices can raise their
wages, if they see proper to do so, whenever in
their judgment they earn more than they now
receive. For these reasons, and as they re-
ceive a larger compensation than is received
by mechanics from employers anywhere, and
as thc_Government is punctual in the payment
of their wages, it was not thought advisable to
include them. I know that it is difficult to find
any stopping place in such a bill as this ; but
there must bo some limit somewhere to this
appropriation. As the resolution now stands,
in my opinion, as near as I can judge, the ap-
propriation will not fall short of a million of
dollars; and if it be extended from one class
of persons to another there will no end to it.
I submit these considerations for the action
of the Senate. I say that if the employes in
the arsenal are included, all these others ought
to be included also.
Mr. WADE. I do not see any principle in
the.limitation which the committee have made
in restricting the provisions in this resolution
to the particular employ6s named in it. Are
they more worthy of the enhancement of their
wages than others who now apply, in the arse-
nal, navy-yard, and printing office? Indeed,
the Senator from Oregon himself tells us that
their compensation is a very meager one, and
that they are as much under the necessity of
an increase as those for whom he has provided.
Although it is somewhat burdensome to extend
the provision to all these persons, I really can-
not see why, if you begin to make this kind of
appropriation, you should stop short of carrying
out the principle by extending it to all who
come within the reason of the case. I am per-
suaded that many of these employ6s, whether
they get as much wages as persons do in other
placcs or .not, have a very hard time to get
along with what they do receive, and I believe
that the Government is able to pay its employes
in such sort that they shall bo comfortably pro-
vided for with prudence on their part. I do
not believe that is the case now.
I hopo the resolution will be extended to all
the classes that were mentioned by the Senator
from Oregon. They are as meritorious and
as much under the necessity for this relief as
those already provided for in the resolution.
I do not believe any Government was ever put
to serious disadvantage because of the com-
pensation it paid to its actual laboring em-
ploy 6s. It is infinitely more burdened by
great salaries to those who do nothing; but
those who do the actual labor generally fare
pretty hard. I believe the Government is able
to give them a compensation that with pru-
dencc and industry on their part will make
them comfortably off. I think it ought to do
so, and I do not believe that it will be a detri-
ment to the Government to do so. It is an
act of justice, nothing more. I believe that
Governments may be burdened by sinecures,
but I never heard of any difficulty because of
the compensation which was paid to actual
laborers. You do notat best give them enough
to burden tho Government at all. I hope the
provision will be extended to all these classes.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. If my friend will give
way, 1 will now move to take up the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly, I yield for that
purpose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that all prior
orders be postponed, and that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
89G.
Mr. CHANDLER. I gave notice a few days
ago that I should press the Niagara canal bill
the moment the bankrupt bill was disposed of.
It is useless, I know, to antagonize anything
with an appropriation bill; but I wish to give
noticc that the moment this bill is through I
shall endeavor to get up the Niagara ship-canal
bill and to obtain a vote upon it. I would
thank the Senator from Maine if he would
allow_ me to take it up now, and let his bill lie
over informally.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can hardly consent
to make provisions for other bills. I must
insist upon my motion.
Tho motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFEHRED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Prior to
taking up the legislative appropriation bill, the
Chair, with the permission of the Senate, will
lay before the Senate certain House bills for
reference.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of -Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia:
A bill (H. R. No. 1003) for the relief of
the members of the twenty-first New York
cavalry;
A bill (II. R. No. 1137) for the relief of
Oliver Lumphrey; 0
A bill (H. II. No. 1138) to amend an act
entitled "'An act to provide for the payment
