1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1727
duty to contest this question and bring it before
the House, and I think I express the opinion
of the committee, and of all the members of
the House, that any member situated in that
way would have felt it his duty to have made
the contest, believing, as Mr. Thomas did, that
the construction put upon the statute by the
Governor was not correct.
Therefore, if the House will accept this
report of the committee and discharge us from
the further consideration of this case I shall
feel justified in offering a resolution in accord-
ance with custom and precedent, giving to Mr.
Thomas monthly pay and mileage since he
began this contest, to the amount of $1,658.
I believe that no member of the committee
doubts that ,this contest has been conducted
fairly and that this resolution should be adopted.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the chair-
man of the Committee °£ Elections [Mr.
Dawes] whether the resolution he proposes to
offer is or not in accordance with the invari-
able rule of the House in case of an unsuccess-
ful contestant, when the contest has been
made in good faith ?
Mr. DAWES. It is in accordance with the
invariable rule of the House, with this excep-
tion, that they have sometimes given more.
Where they have been of opinion that the con-
test was in good faith, they have never given
less than what I shall propose in the resolution
of which I have given notice.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope there will be no
objection to the resolution.
Mr. MARSHALL. I desire to say but a
word or two in regard to this case. And all I
will have to say will be in regard to the amount
of pay that I think ought to be given to the
contestant.
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] that if
he will wait until the House shall have accepted
the report of the committee, his remarks will
be more appropriate to the resolution itself.
Mr. MARSHALL. What I have to say will
be very brief, and I may as well say it now.
Mr. PHELPS. Before the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Marshall] begins, I would ask
thegentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
whether there is not something more requisite
in order to establish ground for compensation
on the part of the contestant than mere good
faith ; whether it is not necessary that he should
have some reasonable and probable ground of
contest?
Mr. DAWES. I think that is involved in
"good faith;" I think we state the matter
fairly when we say that there was fair ground for
contest. I say distinctly that while we believe
the Governor acted conscientiously, and may
have been right—upon which question we do
not express an opinion one way or the other,
because we do not feel called upon to do so—
wS still say that in this particular case, with-
out applying it to any other, no one of us, I
think, with such a return in the office of the
secretary of the Commonwealth, would omit
to make a contest.
Mr. PHELPS. Then are we to understand
that the contestant in this case acted in good
faith, and had reasonable and probable ground
for a contest?
Mr. DAWES. I have stated distinctly that
the settlement of that question would decide
the whole case. If we should say that in our
opinion he had good ground for a contest that
would be making up the judgment of the com-
mittee that the construction put upon the stat-
ute by the Governor was erroneous. The com-
mittee say that they have not had time to make
np a judgment on that construction. And inas-
much as it will have no practical effect, either
upon the seat in contest or upon any subsequent
election in the district, they prefer to express
no judgment. The party did not conclude
their hearing, and it would be improper for us
to express an opir.ion. We do ample justice
in saying that the contestant prosecuted this
contest in good faith ; and situated as he was,
and with his opinion about the construction
of the law, any other member of the Hous«
would have prosecuted the contest; whether
his opinion was correct or not, we withhold our
judgment.
Mr. PHELPS. Of course I do not under-
stand the committee as concluding this ques-
tion as to the ground of contest. I simply
wished to inquire whether there is such a prima
facie case on the part of the contestant as
justifies the House in awarding compensation.
Mr. DAWES. The committee, following
the practice of the courts, have decided the
questions involved in this case so far only as
they arose and required decision. I believe I
see the significance of the gentleman's question,
and I think I have already sufficiently an-
swered it.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, as the
present Congress is about to expire I do not
propose to make any objection to the adoption
of the report of the majority committee. I do
not propose to offer a resolution that Mr.
Thomas, the contestant, is entitled to the seat
which he claims. But before the question is
submitted to the House, I feel it due to myself
as a member of the committee to make a brief
statement, for the purpose of showing the
reasons why I propose to offer an amendment
to the resolution in regard to compensation.
So far as I have had an opportunity to ex-
amine this case I think that Mr. Thomas, the
contestant, is entitled to the seat as a member
of this House. I think that the contestant
was duly elected according to the laws of the
State of Tennessee, and that he ought to have
received a certificate of election at the hands
of the Governor of that State. I do not pro-
pose here to question the good faith or the
purity of purpose of the Governor of Tennes-
see in his action in the premises ; it is not
necessary to do so, and I suppose it would not
be proper for me to do so. According to the
returns of the election officers in the differ-
ent counties of the congressional district Mr.
Thomas, the contestant, had a majority of sev-
eral hundred of all the votes cast for member
of Congress. Now, sir, by the law passed
three years ago prescribing the duties of the
Clerk of this House at the organization of
Congress, that officer is directed to enter upon
his roll the name of no persons except those
having the certificate of the Governor of the
particular State that they have been elected in
accordance with the laws of the State or a law
of Congress. Under this law Governor Brown-
low supposed that in giving his certificate he
had the right to determine the legality of the
returns ; and hence he took it upon himself
to throw out the entire returns from several
counties in the district, and upon the returns
from the remaining counties he gave his cer-
tificate to Mr. Arnell, the sitting member.
Upon that certificate Mr. Arnell took his
seat, and has been acting as a member until
the present time.
Mr. Thomas, the contestant, gave notice of
contest within the time prescribed by law ; but
on account of an informality in presenting his
case at the commencement of the present ses-
sion—and the House will remember that he had
no opportunity to do so at an earlier period,
because the members from Tennessee were not
admitted until oneof the last days of the last ses-
sion—on account of an informality Mr. Thomas
has not been able to bring his case to trial
before the committee until a very recent period.
Now, under the present circumstances, at the
very close of the Congress, I do not know that
the committee could well have done otherwise
than report the case back, as they have done,
and ask to be discharged from its further con-
sideration. But under the peculiar circum-
stances of the case, in view of the heavy ex-
penses to which Mr. Thomas has been subjected,
in view of the fact that he was in attendance
here during the last session of this Congress,
as well as during the present session, except
when he was required to go home to take tes-
timony, it must be evident, I think, that the
amount of compensation proposed in the reso-
lution of the committee will not be sufficient in
all probability even to remunerate Mr. Thomas
for the expenses which he has actually in-
curred.
Now, the case is a somewhat peculiar one.
The return of the election officers gives this
contestant a clear majority of the votes cast
in this district, but he has been deprived of
his right by the construction put upon this act
of Congress, a construction I do not think this
House would place upon it. We are not called
on to decide that question now.
I shall make no minority report, nor even a
minority suggestion in regard to the matter.
The result one way or the other will benefit
no one; certainly it will not benefit the coun-
try. I make this suggestion to the House that
in good faith, and to carry out the ordinary
purposes of the House, there should be some
compensation given to Mr. Thomas; that we
should at least compensate him fully for the
trouble he has been at in making the contest
here. It was not only his right but his duty
to bring it before the House. The returning
officers gave him several hundred majority in
the district, and I will say that the good faith
of those returning officers has never been im-
peached. This is all I propose to say at the
present time. If opportunity be afforded to
me I will move the amendment I have sug-
gested.
Mr. DAWES. I have refrained, under the
instructions of the committee and in accord-
ance with my own judgment, from expressing
an opinion on the case; and I wish to leave
the record distinct as regards the committee
that they do not express any judgment in the
case, simply from the fact they had not time to
conclude the hearing of the case and make up
their judgment. We leave the claim of one or
the other where it is now.
The delay which caused this result arose
from the too easy manner of the contestant in
prosecuting his claim, taking as service of
notice that which he ought not to have accepted;
and I ought to say the reason why the time
was extended was because this contestant took
what he supposed to be an agreement as suffi-
cient ; because there was no written agree-
ment, he supposing a verbal one would be suffi-
cient.
Mr. STOKES. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. DAWES. I will if it does not involve
the merits ; of this case or too great a con-
sumption of time. After the report which has
been, made by the committee, neither the gen-
tleman from Illinois nor the gentleman from
Tennessee should go into the merits of the
case. I will yield to the gentleman for five
minutes.
Mr. STOKES. I would not have attempted
to say a word on this subject but for the fact
that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Mar-
shall] has alluded to the action of Governor
Brownlow. I desire to state, in defense of
Governor Brownlow for what he did, that he
acted strictly in accordance with the act of
Congress of March 3, 1863, which provided
that the Governor should give the certificate
to the one who received the largest number of
legal votes. It was made his duty to examine
who had the majority of legal votes. What
did he do? All over the State was heard the
threat on the part of certain persons that they
would override the franchise law. It was de-
clared to be unconstitutional, and that they
intended to override it. Governor Brownlow,
to save trouble and difficulty, issued his proc-
lamation, warning the people against overrid-
ing the franchise law.
Mr. COOPER. Let me ask my colleague a
question.
Mr. STOKES. Not now. Governor Brown-
low issued his proclamation that the law must
be enforced. •The law was nevertheless disre-
garded. He sent to the clerks of election to
report to him exactly the manner in which the
votes had been recorded. The clerks did re-
port that the law had not been complied with,
and where this occurred the returns were
thrown out. Many counties in my district where
I got my heaviest majorities were thrown oat
