1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1051
of horses and other property lost in the mili-
tary service of the United States," approved
March 3, 1849;
A bill (H. R. No. 1049) to amend an act
entitled "An act making appropriations," &c.,
approved July 28, 18G6, giving additional boun-
ties to discharged soldiers in certain cases;
A bill (H. R. No. 1139) for the relief of
Captain David Beaty's company of independ-
ent scouts;
A bill (H. R. No. 1140) to repeal the twelfth
section of an act approved July 17, 1864, en-
titled "An act to define the pay and emolu-
ments of certain officers of the Army, and for
other purposes
A bill (H. R. No. 1141) to authorize the
purchase of certain lots of grounds adjoining
the Alleghany arsenal at Pittsburg, Pennsyl-
vania ;
A joint resolution (H. E. No. 220) extend-
ing the provisions of section two of an act
entitled "An act to extend the jurisdiction of
the Court of Claims and to provide for the
payment of certain demands for quartermasters'
stores and subsistence supplies furnished to the
Army of the United States," approved July 4,
1864 ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 266) granting
certain public property to the State of Ohio;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 267) for the
reduction" of the military reservation of Port
Riley, and to grant land for bridge purposes
to the State of Kansas ;
A joint resolution (Ii. R. No. 268) to pay
Lieutenant John H. Hamlin for military ser-
vices ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 270) for the
relief of J. H. Riley;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 271) author-
izing the Secretary of War to adjust and settle
the claim of D. Randolph Martin, assignee of
the Washington, Alexandria, and Georgetown
Railroad Company;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 272)„fixing
the pay of the clerks at the Springfield armory;
A joint resolution (H.' R. No. 273) for the
relief of Walter C. Whitaker; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 274) for the
relief of Charles B. Wilder.
MESSAGE FROM TIIB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheuson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1144) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for contingent expenses of the House of
Representatives of the United States for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1867;
A bill (PI. R. No. 1146) for the relief of Mrs.
Elizabeth Fletcher; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 275) to extend
the time for the use of certain vessels for quar-
antine purposes at the port of New York.
ENROLLED BILI, SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (S. No. 525) supplementary to an act to
prevent, smuggling, and for other purposes,
approved JulylS, 1866; and it was thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore of the
Senate.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROM.TATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 890)
making appropriations for the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1867, which had been reported from the Com-
mittee on Finance with various amendments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that the sense of the Senate be
taken upon the amendments reported by the
committee as they are reached in the reading
of the bill. It will expedite business, and, if
th«re be no objection, that course will be pur-
sued. The Chair hears no objection.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance was on pages G and 7, lines
one hundred and thirty-nine, one hundred and
forty, and one hundred and forty-one, in the
clause making an appropriation for the Capitol
police, to strike out the words " amounting to
$50,9jj6, one half of which is to be paid by the
Senate."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to move an
amendment on page 12, after line two hundred
and eighty-five, under the heading of " For the
general purposes of the building occupied by
the State Department." I move to insert:
For rent of said building, $15,000.
For alterations and improvements of the building
and for means of protection against its destruction by
lire, $15,000.
This was necessary according to the recom-
mendation of a letter received from the Secre-
tary of State.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 14, lino
three hundred and twenty-four, in the clause
making an appropriation for compensation of
the Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office
Department and the clerks in his office, to in-
sert the words "chief clerk" after the word
"Department."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 15, line
three hundred and thirty-nine, in the clause
providing for the office of the Solicitor of the
Treasury, to insert the word "laborer" after
the word "clcrks."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 10, line
three hundred and sixty-two, to strike out the
final " s" in the words " records" and "jour-
nals."
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Axthoxt
in the Chair). That amendment being a mere
verbal alteration will be considered as agreed
to, if there be no objection.
The next amendment was on page 16, under
the head of " Contingent Expenses of the
Treasury Department," after line three hun-
dred and eighty-two, to insert:
For temporary clerks in the Treasury Department,
$50,000: Provided, That the Secretary of tho Treasury
be, and he is hereby, authorized, in his discretion, to
classify tho clcrks authorized according to tho char-
acter of their services.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to ask the Senator
from Maine if that does not leave a certain
discretion to the Secretary of- the Treasury
which, at this time, it is hardly advisable to
leave to him? And I may state a case. What
assurance is there that the Secretary of the
Treasury, in the exercise of this discretion,
"to classify the clerks authorized according
to the character of their services," will not
classify them according to his political or per-
sonal preferences? I have heard that he has
done that at the Treasury Department; that
on former occasions, in the exercise of this
discretion, he has allowed himself to be con-
trolled by those considerations rather than by
the merits of the individual. I should not
make this inquiry if I had not heard that cir-
cumstances had occurred at the Department
which justified it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no belief that
that is true. It is necessary if you make the
appropriation—and the appropiiation is un-
questionably necessary — that the Secretary
should have some discretion about it. This is
not like the provision that was inserted in the
appropriation bill last year. That appropri-
ated §160,000, the balance remaining in his
hands for temporary clerks and to make extra
compensation to clerks and other officers. It
appropriated about two hundred thousand dol-
lars in the whole. All that is struck out at this
session. This item is confined simply to tho
appointment of temporary clerks, which he
must have, which he has now and must con-
tinue to have in greater or less numbers. This
amendment was reported by the Committee
on Appropriations, which certainly was not
disposed to«,llow the Secretarytoo much power
or discretion, in the original bill in the House
of Representatives; but a good deal of inquiry
took place and considerable disturbance was
made about it, and it was struck out rather by
the consent of the chairman with a view, I
suppose, that it should be taken up in the Sen-
ate. It is unquestionably necessary that this
sum should be appropriated for the purpose
of employing temporary clerks. The business
of the Departmemt has required it for years,
and will continue to require it. The sum is a
small one. If the Secretary has the power to
employ temporary clerks he will want to em-
ploy clerks of different grades unquestionably.
He will need some men whom he cannot get
for $1,200, the lowest salary. The amendment
has no reference to the regular clerks in the
Department, but to the temporary clerks who
are employed.
As to this story about the Secretary's ad-
vancing men according to his political and
personal preferences and all that, I do not
believe a word of it. Such complaints exist
always. It is always tho case where there are
so many men employed that those who are
not advanced think they are superior to others
who are advanced. We cannot always see
ourselves as others see us; and that applies to
the Departments as well as to other places.
Mistakes may have been made. Men may
have been advanced where better men might
have been found. That depends in a very
great degree upon the heads of the bureaus
and the heads of the divisions. They know
who the 'men are, and they make the recom-
mendations. I do not believe myself that the
Secretary has made any appointments of that
description unless on the recommendation of
those who were at tho heads of bureaus and
the heads of divisions, and they are almost
universally men that you could not complain
of on account of their politics ; there may be
a few exceptions. But tho power must exist.
The idea of having a Secretary of the Treasury
and allowing him no discretion at all in his
own office with regard to these things is a per-
fect absurdity. You must trust him unless
you mean to abolish the office or abolish the
individual. It must be done as long as there
is a Secretary of the Treasury. For myself, I
have no idea that there is anything in this
story more than in the complaints that come
always from disappointed men who think their
claims are superior to those of others, and that
their capacity is superior to that of others. It
is always the case everywhere. All cannot
have the places, and those who do not get
them arc disappointed.
Mr. SUMN Ell,. I wish I could see the Sec-
retary of the Treasury as the Senator from
Maine paints him. I think the Senator paints
entirely an imaginary character. Tho Secre-
tary of the Treasury, as I see him, is a very
different person. However, I will for the mo-
ment content myself merely with expressing
my dissent from the beautiful picture pre-
sented by the Senator.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I presented no picture.
I merely stated my belief.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator simply stated
his belief; but his belief really is a picture, and
he must allow me to say a picture which seems
to me to be drawn from his imagination.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I leave all matters of
imagination to the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. When the Senator, as he
rarely attempts it, does draw upon his imagi-
nation, we all know how effective he is. Ou
this occasion the Senator has drawn upon his
imagination.
Now, I have in my hand certain papers with
relation simply to one bureau of the Treasury ;
that is the Sixth Auditor's office. It seems
that, by the act of last year there was certain
extra compensation which was to be appor-
tioned in the Treasury Department according
to certain principles. In the Sixth Auditor's
office that extra compensation was distributed,
as the papers will show, according to political
