1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1055
tifies to the country that his political opinions
do not influence his administration oMie affairs
of that Department. There are certain facts
within my knowledge that lead me to exactly
the opposite conclusion, and I feel bound to
state them.
The State of Wisconsin is entitled by the
Constitution to six Representatives on the floor
of the other House and two on this floor. It
became known to us during the last session of
this Congress that there was a difference of
opinion upon certain political questions be-
tween the Secretary of the Treasury and a
majority of the Representatives from Wiscon-
sin in this Congress; and we were given to
distinctly understand, those of us representing
that State who differed from the Secretary of
the Treasury, that our advice was not wanted,
and our wishes were not to be consulted in
reference to appointments to be made through
that Department. I do not find any especial
fault with the Secretary of the Treasury for
shutting his ears against our advice in refer-
ence to an appointment. I should not take
his advice, and I suppose for the same reason.
But why would he not take our advice ? Be-
cause we held to one theory of reconstruction,
as it is called, and he held to another.
There was a large body of people in the Uni-
ted States who held to precisely the theory of
reconstruction that he did, and in that large
body of men he might have found men of per-
sonal character and personal integrity to fill
the employments in tlie gift of that "Depart-
ment, and those employments are very numer-
ous and very responsible. Those employ-
ments are charged with the labor of .collecting
from three hundred to three hundred and fifty
million dollars of internal revenue. He is
called upon to select men to go right into every
man's house, right into every business man's
counting-room, right on to their farms, right
into their banks, and know the business of
every man as well as the man knows it him-
self. It is the most delicate and the most
responsible duty that ever was devolved upon
any official in the United States; and it is a
duty that should only be confided to the most
prudent, the most honest, and the most incor-
ruptible men we have in the country. Now,
I do not say that the Secretary of the Treasury
might not have gone into the ranks of those
men who held to his theory of reconstruction
and found men of just as much personal in-
tegrity as he eould have found on the other
side; but it did not suit the purposes of the
Secretary of the Treasury to do that. The
Secretary of the Treasury seemed to think
there was some necessity for employing, not
men who held to his theory of reconstruction,
but men who could be selected out of the
ranks of the Republican party and who would
subscribe to that theory of reconstruction.
Now, then, that being the case, the patron-
age iu his hands operated precisely as a bribe.
Every dollar of it had the same effect as if so
much money had been placed in his hands with
which to buy up Republicans to support the
opposition theory. If it was essential to have
a man in any public employment who held to
his peculiar opinions it was of no importance
to the Secretary of the Treasury whether he
was a man who held them two years before or
whether he was a man who attained to those
opinions during the last summer; but the Sec-
rotary thought differently. Now, what the
effect of that rule of appointment was in other
States I cannot say, but I know, and I say here
upon my official responsibility, that in the State
of Wisconsin it lowered the character of that
branch of the service and lowered it immensely.
There were some men in our State, 1 am bound
to say that, of good personal character who
subscribed to the theory of reconstruction ad-
vocated by the Secretary of Ihc Treasury ; but
while there was one man of that character who
from conviction subscribed to it there were a
great many men iu different parts of the State
who were willing to subscribe to it for the pay
that was offered. And the consequence was
that a large number of these employments
were put into the hands of men who sacrificed
their own personal character, if they ever had
any, in order to get them. I do not believe
that that was treating the public service right.
I do not believe that it was treating it fairly.
I believe it was abusing the public service, and
I feel bound to state these facts and state this
conclusion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, it was
with a great deal of reluctance at the last ses-
sion that I voted to place in the hands of the
Secretary of the Treasury $160,000, to be dis-
tributed among the employ6s of his Depart-
ment at his discretion, and I believe I was
influenced in voting for it nearly altogether by
the fact that his predecessor had had a sim-
ilar fund placed in his hands, had disposed of
it in like maimer, and I thought that a rejec-
tion of the measure at the incoming of the
present Secretary might be regarded as a reflec-
tion upon him and a question by Congress
of his fidelity in the disposal of that fund ;
therefore I felt constrained to support it. And,
sir, it will take a gOod deal more evidence
than can be contained in an anonymous com-
munication to make me believe that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, or any other important
officer of the Government, has executed a
trust of that sort unfairly. A letter has been
read, but the name has been withheld. My
opinion of the impeachment of any public
officer, or of any citizen, of this country by
letters when the name is withheld from the
Senate, I can illustrate by a circumstance in
my own history. When I was the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, the Presi-
dent of the United States handed to the Secre-
tary of the Interior an anonymous communi-
cation making a charge against one of the clerks
in the land office, a clerk that did not agree
with me in politics, but I knew he was an
honest, faithful clerk. 'The Secretary of the
Interior handed that to me with instructions to
make an investigation. As soon as I opened
it and found that there was no responsible sig-
nature to it I handed it back to the Secretary
of the Interior, and said that while 1 was the
Commissioner of the Land Office 110 clerk
should be put upon his trial upon any anony-
mous communication ; and that message was
carried back with the document to the Presi-
dent and the charge was never presented
against that clerk, and ho never was put upon
his trial and was never turned out; and 1 am
glad to say, at this session, he has been con-
firmed by this Senate to a very important and
responsible position connected with the land
service.
That is my opinion, practically illustrated,
of this thing of charging anything upon any-
body or any set of people by an anonymous
communication or a letter when the author of
that letter is not made known to the Senate.
The man who reads a letter and withholds the
name makes it an anonymous communication
as far as the Senate is concerned.
I shall vote for this amendment if it is desired
by the head of the Finance Committee, for the
reason that I do not think it vests in the
Secretary the same sort of power that, was
vested in him by the provision at the last ses-
sion. It authorizes him to employ temporary
clerks because the business of the Department
is now supposed to be pressing and large.
Mr. SHERMAN. Appropriations for tem-
porary clerks are always made.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I presume so; and I
suppose the last clause of the proviso means—■
I ask the Senator from Ohio, who is familiar
with such matters, whether that will not be
the construction—that the Secretary will be
required to classify them according to the class-
ifications already known in the Department as
first, second, third, and fourth class clerks. If
so, there can be no objection to it; it will
secure good and competent men to discharge
important duties.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not exactly know
whether there is any question before the Sen-
ate except that which is presented by the
amendment itself which the committee pro-
posed. The honorable member from Massa-
chusetts has made no motion that I havehe&rd
to strike that amendment out in whole or in
part. He has made an attack, as he supposed
of course he had a right to make, upon the
administration of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. It is therefore, I suppose, conceded that
that appropriation is necessary, that extra
clerks must be employed, and as they can only
be employed upon providing compensation for
them, the compensation must be voted. New,
how are the clerks to be employed ? For what
are they to be employed ? Are they all to do the
same duty? Does the honorable member from
Massachusetts suppose that that is the condition
of the Treasury Department ? They must be
assigned, if employed, to relatively separate
duties ; they must therefore be classed. The
intelligence and ability which are required for
the higher class are not required for a lower
class; that which is required for the lower
class is incompetent to discharge the duties of
the higher class. Well, if you strike out the
proviso which authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to classify them in the manner all
clerks are now classified in the Department,
and that is to be considered as taking from
him the authority to classify them, are all to
be paid alike without any reference to the ser-
vice that they render?
Mr. President, these assaults upon the higher
officers of the Government, unless they are
founded upon well ascertained facts, serve no
purpose whatever, attain no result whatever
but to injure the good name of the country. The
idea that a Secretary of the Treasury would
abuse his office, as he is supposed to have done
in what to us is the anonymous letter which
the gentleman from Massachusetts has read, is
to suppose that he is wholly unfit, and the
sooner he is displaced the better. Now, with-
out any intimate personal acquaintance with
the Secretary, and judging of the manner iu
which he has discharged the duties of that
office, I take pleasure in stating that as far as
I know him and know the manner in which he
has discharged the duties of his office, he is
not justly subject to the slightest reproach. If
appointments of a political character have been
made such as the member from Massachusetts
supposes, he has not made them himself by
dismissing from employment those who were
competent to discharge the duties. I have
reason to know, and I think the Senate, if
they have read the papers of the day, would
know, that he has been urged from time to time
to make changes in the higher officers of his
Department, and has sternly refused and has
succeeded in retaining them.
Such was said to be the case. _ I believe it
to be true with regard to the Assistant Secre-
tary of the Treasury and the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. An amount of influence
was brought to bear upon him which it was
supposed he could not resist, but standing
firmly to what he believed to be his duty he
owed to his office and owed to the country he
sternly refused, and the men are now in office.
Why did he refuse ?_ Not because he agreed
in one particular politically with the Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury, as 1 understand that
gentleman to be politically, or with the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, but because he
was satisfied that they were both good officers.
The men who were urged upon him as their
successors were subject to no just exception on
account of character or ability ; but he said,
and as I think properly said, and, in my judg-
ment, no office can be properly administered
upon any other ground, that he would not turn
a competent officer out upon political grounds.
The vice, not beginning with this Administra-
tion, but going ages back almost, years back
certainly, has beei), to dismiss on that account
the subordinate officers of the several Depart-
ments, the result of which has been in many
eases to bring into office men who werealmost
entirely incompetent to discharge their duties,
who had nothing to recommend them but mere
party services in some ward controversy or
gome county controversy, wholly unfit t© dis-
