1066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
charge properly, and many of them without
the integrity to discharge, the duties of the
high trusts conferred upon them.
But I do not see that the Secretary's charac-
ter is involved in this discussion. I should not
have said a -word upon the subject but for the
remarks which fell from the honorable member
from Massachusetts and from the honorable
member from Wisconsin. In private life, be-
fore ho came into the service of the country,
he was above reproach. He administered all
the affairs of the banking institution of which
he was president with a rare ability; carried
it successfully through the financial storms
to which the whole country was subjected,
and at the end of the existence of that bank,
after dividing some ten or twelve per cent,
annually, returned more than dollar for dollar
of the capital, and no man breathed a suspicion
of his integrity.
Mr. TltUMBULL. Mr. President, I shall
not enter into the personal controversy which
has arisen here between the Senators from
Maine and Massachusetts, nor shall 1 attempt
to follow the Senators from Maine and Mary-
land in their high euiogiums upon the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, or the Senators from
Wisconsin and Massachusetts in what they
have said that might bo construed in any way
as rellecting upon that officer. What 1 have
to say relates, as I conceive, to the public
interest.
I think it is an evil and a very great evil that
wo are vesting in the heads of Departments tlio
extraordinary discretion which of late years
we are conferring upon them ; and I am glad
to see upon the present occasion that oven the
chairman of the Commiltceoii Finance is aban-
doning in some respects that vast discretion
which lie a 1'ew years ago advocated hero with
such ability and carried through tlio Senate.
In 1805 we appropriated $250,000 to be placed
in the hands of the Secretary of the Treasury,
to be disbursed by him among the clerks in his
Department without any check whatever. 1
opposed that measure as strenuously as I could
upon the ground that it was dcmornlining, that
no Secretary of the Treasury ought to want
to have placed in his hands such a fund, that
it must be embarrassing to him and would cre-
ate heart-burning and ill feeling among the
clerks in his Department, for those who did
riot receive a portion of it, would think that
they were unjustly treated. But, sir, all that
1 could say and all that those who agreed with
mo could say was overborne, by the statement
of the Senator from Maine that this was neces-
sary, that a quarter of a million of money
was to be placed in the hands of the Secretary
of the Treasury to bo disbursed as lie thought
proper.
Now, sir, wc see the results of it. I sec that
Senators are under some misapprehension as
to the disbursements of the $100,000 which wc
appropriated last year. We learned something
in LSiiO which we did not know in 1805; for,
instead of leaving $250,000 to be disbursed
entirely at the discretion of tlx; Secretary of
the Treasury, as was done iti 1805, iu J8G0 the
law detined who should receive a good portion
of this money. Jt provided :
"That s.o much of the appropriation of $250,000
granted by act approved March IKiu, for compen-
sation of tempuiary clerks to tlio Xieusury Depart-
ment, and for additional compensation to clerks iu
th s:Llm:J>elMrtmenl us remain* unexpointedslKtll In;
divided as follows. namely: glUO each shn it be paid to
tho clerks in said Department ot'the Jir^t and second
classes who have not received any additional com-
pensation mit of said appropriation, and who piiait
havo served in said capacity for one year previous to
July 1, ISO;). And 8101) shall bo paid to each person
employed in said Department appointed by the Secre-
tary. at an annual salary amounting to less than
£1,200, anil who saall have served under sueh ap-
pointment foi one year previous to July X, 1800."
So that the law itself took away from the
Secretary a great portion of that discretion
which had, unwisely as Congress thought,
been conferred upon him the year previous,
because if it had not been unwisely done Con-
gress would not have thought it expedient to
limit the distribution a year ago.' Now, we
find the Finance Committee striking out en-
tirely this appropriation of one hundred and '
fifty or two hundred thousand dollars, to be
disbursed at the pleasure of the Secretary of
the Treasury among the clerks in his Depart-
ment, whether his favorites or not. It is all
stricken out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Finance Commit-
tee did not strike it out. It was struck out in
tho House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Finance Committee
have not recommended that it be restored, and
I trust the head of the Finance Committee is
not going to make such a recommendation. I
hope not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would if I thought I
could carry it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am sorry that tho
Senator from Maine is in favor of placing dis-
cretionary power in the hands of any officer of
the Government when there is no necessity for
it and when the matter can be regulated by
law. Now, sir, the only appropriation which is
asked by tho Finance Committee ig in the
amendment before us, and that item is not in
the House bill. I should like to impure, and
I hope the Senator from Maine will inform us,
how it happened that this was not inserted in
the bill as it passed the House?
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 informed the Senate
before, and if the Senator had been in his scat
and listened to what I said he would have
known the reason, and saved me the trouble
of statins it again. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury asked for $210,000, I think, precisely on
the same terms that the appropriation was
granted last year. The Committee on Appro-
priations of tho House refused to make that
appropriation, but they did recommend this
appropriation of $50,000 in this way precisely,
in the terms that we have moved it. A debate
sprang up in the House, and as I remember it,
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, for the sake of getting the bill through,
abandoned this item, consented that it might
be stricken out if the House chose to strike it
out; did not urge it. But it was I he deliberate
opinion of the Committee on Appropriations
that this appropriation should be made. When
the bill came to the Committee on Finance of
the Senate we restored it, being of opinion
unanimously that it was necessary that it should
be restored, and I presume that it was tho un-
derstanding of tho Committee on Appropria-
tions of the House of Representatives that wo
should do so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That being the opinion
of the committee, 1 do not know but that wo
shall have to appropriate this sum and have to
agree to this amendment that the Secretary of
tho Treasury shall have placed in his hands
$50,000 for tlio purpose of employing tempo-
rary clerks. 1 regret that it is so. I wish that
the Treasury Department could bo so organized
that there should be no necessity for such an
appropriation ; but it seems it is not, and those
who are charged particularly with this branch
of the public service tell us that there is a ne-
cessity fei; such an appropriation. It will have
to go, 1 suppose, if that bo so: but I think that
the Senate and the country will feel under obli-
gations to the Senator from Massachusetts for
having brought this subjcctto their notice, that
wo may see, and all may see, how this money,
placed in the hands of the Secretary of the
Treasury for disbursement in his discretion, has
been disbursed. It may at least have this good
effect: it may make liiin cautious in the dis-
bursement of this sum which will now be left
to his discretion.
As I said, my object in saying anything was
to call the attention of the Senate to the vast
discretionary power which we of late years,
not in former times, have got in the habit of
conferring upon heads of Departments. There
is laid on my table this morning a statement
of the public debt of the United States, and in
that statement I see it stated that there are
now in the Treasury of the United States more
than one hundred and forty-two million dol-
lars. The Government owes §2,500,000,000;
-and yet there i3 in its Treasury more than one
hundred and forty-two million dollars to-day.
I think fte official reports will show that there
has hardly been less than $142,000,000 iu the
Treasury at any time within a year, and I pre-
sume there has often been more than one hun-
dred and forty two millions in the hands of the
Secretary of the Treasury. I have not looked
at the tables, but that is the statement, to-day;
and my recollection of previous statements is
that a sum equally large in amount has often
before been reported as being in the hands of
the Secretary, and I presume that something
like this has been in his hands the whole time
during the last twelve months.
Now, sir, what I wish to say is, in the first
place, that this is the most miserable economy,
to be paying interest upon money that we owe
by the thousands of millions, and have nearly
one hundred and fifty million dollars in the
Treasury lying idle. It is taxing the people of
this country some eight or nine millions every
year unnecessarily, because wo are paying in-
terest when we have the money in our Treas-
ury with which to pay so much of our debt.
But, sir, beyond that it is dangerous to the
liberties of this people to have such an amount
of money in the hands of any man. Why, sir,
it is within tho recollection of many of us that
the best men in this land were alarmed at tho
creation of a national bank with a capital of
$15,000,000. They believed it would be dan-
gerous to the liberties of the people to charter
such an institution with a capital of $15,000,000.
Now, you place in the hands .of the Secretary
of the Treasury $142,000,000, and make no
provision to take it out—leave it at his dis-
cretion to do what he pleases with it.
He may put up and put down prices at his
will; he may make men rich and make them
poor at his will.
I said that I rose to make no accusations
upon tho Secretary of the Treasury. I do not
say, I have not the facts that would warrant me
in saying, that he has exercised the vast author-
ity with which ho is clothed so as to put money
into the pockets of favorites, but he has had it
in his power to do it. I am opposed to all this
species of legislation which vests such vast dis-
cretionary power in tho hands of any man. I
know that in tho management of the finances
of this country, in the vast collections and dis-
bursements we are making, there must be
some money in the Treasury. Of course there
would have to be a fund to some extent 
Mr. DIXON. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a single question?
Mr. TRUMBULL._ Certainly.
Mr. DIXON. I wish merely to understand
the Senator and to know whether he holds the
Secretary of the Treasury responsible for tho
amount of money in the Treasury.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Connecticut had listened to what 1 said he
would have understood mo in the outset to say
that 1 had no eulogies to pronounce upon tho
Secretary of the Treasury, and no attacks to
make upon him; that I spoke in reference to
facts open to the public; that the public good
and the liberties of this people, and motives
of economy, and every consideration forbade
that we should leave such a vast amount of
money in tho hands of any man. Is that a
charge on the Secretary of the Treasury ? Have
I said anything about his being responsible for
having it ?
Mr. DIXON. I did not intend to intimate
that the Senator had made a charge; I merely
wished to understand his remarks. I was lis-
tening to what he said with interest and desired
to be instructed; and I therefore asked the
Senator whether he meant to say that the fact
that we have to-day $140,000,000 in the Treas-
ury is at all to be attributed to the Secretary
of the Treasury, whether he blames him for it,
whether it is a thing which he could help in
any manner whatever, whether he is respon-
sible for it morally or any other way. I did
not say the Senator made a charge: I asked
for information.
Mr. TRUMBULL. ^ I know not why tho
Senator from Connecticut should have risen to
