1732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
and the sense of moral and political duty is
impaired. To ^vert these calamities from our
country it is imperatively required that we
should immediately decide upon some course
of administration which can be steadfastly
adhered to. I am thoroughly convinced that
any settlement or compromise or plan of action
which is inconsistent with the principles of
the Constitution will not only be unavailing,
but mischevious ; that it will but multiply the
present evils instead of removing them. The
Constitution, in its whole integrity and vigor,
throughout tie length and breadth of the land,
is the best of all compromises. Besides, our
duty does not, in my judgment, leave us a choice
between that and any other. I believe that it
contains the remedy that is so much needed,
and that if the coordinate branches of the Gov-
ernment would unite upon its provisions they
would be found broad enough and strong enough
to sustain in time of peace the nation which they
bore safely through the ordeal of a protracted
civil war. Among the most sacred guarantees
of that instrument are those which declare that
"each State shall have at least one Represent-
ative, "and that'' no State, without its consent,
shall be deprived of its equal suffrage in the
Senate." Each House is made the "judge of
the elections, returns, and qualifications of its
own members," and may, "with the concur-
rence of two thirds, expel a member." Thus,
as heretofore urged—
" In the admission of Senators and Representatives
from any and all of the States there can be no just
ground of apprehension that persons who are disloyal
will be clothed with the powers of legislation, for this
could not happen when the Constitution and laws are
enforced by a. vigilant and faithful Congress." *
* * * / When a Senator or Representative
presents his certificate of election, he may at once be
admitted or rejected; or, should there be any question
as to his eligibility, his credentials may be referred
for investigation to the appropriate committee. If
admitted to a seat.it must be upon evidence satisfac-
tory to the House of which he thus becomes a mem-
ber, that he possesses the requisite constitutional and
legal qualifications. If refused admission as a mem-
ber for want of due allegiance to the Government,
and returned to his constituents, they are admonished
that none but persons loyal to the United States will
be allowed a voice in the legislative councils of the
| nation, and the political power and moral influence
of Congress are thus effectively exerted in the inter-
ests of loyalty to the Government and fidelity to the
Union."
And is it not far better that the work of res-
toration should be accomplished by simple
compliance with the plain requirements of the
Constitution than by a recourse to measures
which in effect destroy the States, and threaten
the subversion of the General Government?
All that is necessary to settle this simple but
important question, without farther agitation
or delay, is a willingness on the part of all to
sustain the Constitution and to carry the pro-
visions into practical operation. If to-morrow
either branch of Congress would declare that,
upon the presentation of their credentials,
members constitutionally elected and loyal to
the General Government would be admitted
to seats in Congress, while all others would be
excluded, and their places remain vacant until
the selection by the people of loyal and qual-
ified persons; and if, at the same time, assur-
ance were given that this policy would be con-
tinued until all the States were represented in
Congress, it would send a thrill of joy through-
out the entire land, as indicating the inaugu-
ration of a system which must speedily bring
tranquillity to the public mind.
While we are legislating upon subjects which
are of great importance to the whole people,
and which must affect all parts of the country,
not only during the life of the present gen-
eration, but for ages to come, we should re-
member that all men are entitled at least to a
hearing in the councils which decide upon the
destiny of themselves and their children. At
present ten States are denied representation,
and when the Fortieth Congress assembles on
the 4l.li _ day of the present mouth, sixteen
States will be without a voice in the House of
Representatives. This grave fact, with the
important questions before us, should induce
us to pause in a course of legislation which,
looking solely (o the attainment of political
ends, fails to consider the rights it transgresses,
the law which it violates, or the institutions
which it imperils.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, March 2, 1807.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
title of the bill which has been returned by the
President of the United States with his objec-
tions to this House in which it originated.
The Clerk read the title, as follows:
An act to provide for the more efficient government
of the rebel States.
The SPEAKER. The question under the
Constitution is, " Will the House on recon-
sideration agree to the passage of this bill, the
objections of the President to the contrary not-
withstanding?"
Mr. STEVENS. I move that we proceed
at once to consider that question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I appeal to tie gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to allow me one min-
ute of time.
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The minority of this
House are profoundly sensible that our official
duty, the best interest of our common coun-
try would require us, if it were within our
physical power, to defeat this bill; but we are
equally conscious that no effort of ours can
prevent its passage and the consequent accom-
plishment of what, as we think, it contemplates,
a dissolution of the Union and the overthrow
and abandonment of our Constitution of Gov-
ernment. We would most assuredly stop it if
we could ; but as we understand the views of
the Speaker and the majority of this House
of its rules, we have no power to resist their
purposes and numbers. We can only, in the
name of the Constitution, in the name of the
Republic, in the name of all we hold dear on
earth, earnestly, solemnly protest against this
action of this Congress.
Mr. STEVENS. If I understand the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge,]
members upon the other side are willing that
this vote shall be taken without further delay.
Am I correct in understanding that to be the
case?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is so, only because
you have the power.
Mr. ANCONA. I do not so understand it.
Mr. BOYER. Nor I.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I feel that we have no
power to resist the purpose of the numbers on
the other side of the House to destroy this
Republic by the passage of this bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not wish to call the
previous question unless it shall be necessary.
Mr. LE BLOND. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] allow me a mo-
ment?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. LE BLOND. As one member on this
side of the House, believing as I do, and as I
have expressed myself upon a former occa-
sion, that the passage of this bill would be the
death-knell of republican liberty upon this
continent, I have but few words to say. I say
to gentlemen upon the other side, and I say it
plainly and frankly, that if I had assurance
now that a sufficient number on this side of
the House would stand with me until the end
of this session to resist the passage of this bill,
it never, never should become a law. I would
let the question go over to the next Congress,
with sixteen of the States of this Union unrep-
resented, and leave it to that Congress to
determine whether with that number of States
unrepresented they would strike a death blow
to this Government in the way that is now
proposed. Whether that number are here or
not, who are willing to stand by me until the
end of this session, I know not. But if they
are, this bill with my consent shall never pass
the American Congress, unLess we are over-
powered from physical exhaustion or restrained
by the rules of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I am to understand
that it is not agreed that the vote may be taken
upon the passage of this bill without further
delay. Am I correct in that?
Mr. LE BLOND. I do not know whether
there are members enough on this side willing
to join me. We have had no consultation upon
the subject.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. With the permission of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] I will say that we understand the Speaker
will hold, and the majority of the House will
sustain him in that ruling, that on this day yon
have the right under our rules to suspend all
rules under which we can resist the passage of
this bill by a resort to such measures as we
have sometimes employed to delay action.
That being so, we feel that it will be unavail-
ing for us to make any effort to resist the pro-
posed action of the House. And I understand
: from those friends near me, who think as I do
in regard to this bill, in consideration of that
view and that purpose expressed, as we under-
stand it to have been, by the Speaker and those
who have the power and the will to sustain him
in his decision, that it is useless for us to make
any effort for delay. Were it not so, could the
rules not be suspended, I for one should feel
it my duty to stand with the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Le Blond,] and the few who agree
with us, until the last hour of this expiring
Congress should have passed, resisting by every
power that God has given me the consummation
of this unholy design to destroy the Republic.
Mr. BOYER. I desire to say that the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] has
spoken by no authority from me, and by 110
authority that I know of delegated to him by
any of the gentlemen on this side of the House
who surround me. For my own part I desire
to say that I deem it my duty to employ all
means within my power to defeat this bill; and
1 am willing to join those on this side of the
House in order to effect that end by any legiti-
mate means within our power. If there are
not enough on this side to make such an effort
effectual, or if physical inability should con-
strain us either not to begin it, or if after having
begun it to cease our action, of course I must
yield a reluctant assent. And that is all I
desire to say at this time in reference to what
I deem it the duty of members on this side to
do; if the majority are determined to pass this
bill, it shall not be done because I have volun-
tarily yielded, as a Representative of the
people, anything which can in any way be used
for the purpose of effecting its defeat.
Mr. STEVENS resumed the floor. *
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] allow the Chair
to make a remark, as he has been alluded to
by the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eld-
ridge?]
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin has alluded to an anticipated ruling of
the Chair as if it were something new. The
Speaker has stated frankly to gentlemen on
both sides of the House,' members of the mi-
nority as well as of the majority, what all of
them know, that every Speaker who has occu-
pied this Chair, of whatever party, has held
that on Mondays after the morning hour, and
during the last ten days of the session, by the
rules which we have ourselves adopted, two
thirds of the members present can suspend all
the rules in the entire Digest—every rule stands
in the way of the immediate action on a bill
which the House wishes to dispose of. " It is not
anew decision, but is as old as the history of the
gentlemen who have occupied this chair.
Mr. FINCK. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me a moment.
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. FINCK. Mr. Speaker, in view of
what has just been said by the Chair, and of
the expression of my friends on this side of the
House as to the method of further opposing
tha passage of this bill I feel it proper to say
that I propose now as I have done heretofore,
to stand firmly by the opponents of this measure
and aid by every legitimate and parliamentary
effort which may be employed to defeat this
monstrous scheme to subvert constitutional
government in this country.
