THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
January 5,
Mr. MAYNARD. I confess I do not.
[Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. Why, the exclusion of
negro suffrage.
Mr. MAYNARD. Well, sif, I will say in
regard to Tennessee that, so far as her treat-
ment of the black portion of -her population
and of the late rebel population is concerned,
she has been entirely impartial; that is to say,
she gives to the freedmenandtothelate rebels
alike the enjoyment of all civil rights, and denies
them only the right to vote, to hold office, and to
serve on juries. The probability is, however,
that She will very soon adopt the principle that
this Congress has already adopted in reference
to this District—not of universal suffrage, not
of negro suffrage, not of impartial suffrage,
but of loyal suffrage, giving the right to vote
to all who have shown their loyalty to this
Government, irrespective of race or color.
Mr. STEVENS. That is the part of the
constitution of Tennessee which I shut my eyes
to at the time the vote was taken, (I do not
know whether my friend from Tennessee shut
his,) the idea that a loyal negro is to be put on
the samefooting with a rebel. [Laughter.] Itis
an outrage in the constitution of Tennessee.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to say that Tennessee has done a great
deal more for the negro than is done in a large
portion of the United States, where he is not
elevated to the same plane that the rebel is per-
mitted to occupy. Even in the gentleman's
own State a rebel from my portion of the coun-
try, should he go there, would find the door of
political fellowship open to him. Whether they
would welcome a loyal negro or not perhaps
the gentleman can tell us. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman is right.
Pennsylvania ought to blush, and many others
of the free States ought to blush, for the infa-
mous exclusion to which the gentleman refers.
But will our blushes whiten the countenance of
Tennessee? [Great laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. No ; butperhapsthe suffu-
sion may be a little less obvious. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. I have nothing to say
against Tennessee. I feel kind toward her.
All I mean to say is, that I do not expect to vote
for the admission of any other State upon pre-
cisely the same conditions as those upon which
Tennessee came in.
Mr. MAYNARD. Tennessee reciprocates
the sentiment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania ; she feels kindly toward liim, and
regrets that he did not find^it convenient to
become one of the party on a recent occasion to
spend the holidays in that part of the country.
[Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. Well, sir, I had made no
preparation for a burial down there, [great
laughter,] so I thought I would stay at home
until I got ready, or at least until the winter
was over and the ground broken. [Laughter. ]
Mr. Speaker, aside from this episode, which
is a very pleasant one, I was going on to say a
few words by way of reparation, perhaps, for
the feelings of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Spamhng,] who thinks, unnecessarily as I
suppose, that I have said something harsli
about him. I admit that he has made the
ablest and the handsomest defense of Andrew
Johnson and his administration that 1 have
heard for the last two years. I trust the mem-
bers on the other side of the House will forgive
me for placing them in the shade in comparison
with the grand eulogy which has been delivered
upon Andrew Johnson, his doings, and his
Cabinet, by the gentleman from Ohio. [Laugh-
ter.] Why, sir, I understand the gentleman
to be-perfectly satisfied with not only this
exalted President, but particularly with every-
thing done by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Did he remove your collector? [Laughter.]
Well, I do not know whether he did or not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ho re-
moved mine.
Mr. WENTWORTH. And mine.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not think he removed
the gentleman's collector.
Mr. SPALDING. He did.
Mr. STEVENS. Then you got him back?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. He was put out
at the request of the gentleman.
Mr. STEVENS. My friend says that he
was put out at the request of the gentleman.
I do not give it as my own statement.
Mr. SPALDING. So I see. I know where
it comes from.
Mr. STEVENS. When my friends were
slaughtered I did not feel grateful. When the
Secretary of the Treasury, for no cause on
earth but the building up of a new party and
the promotion of a new political organization,
turned out of office the best men in my district
I did not feel toward him as the gentleman
does. That only shows how much more of a
Christian the gentleman is than I am, and I
give him credit for it.
But the gentleman is afraid of "radicals."
Well, who does he mean by radicals? He said
he was a radical himself. Well, sir, " radical''
means anything: rootl Sometimes the root
goes down about half an inch and sometimes
,a foot. How deep the gentleman's root goes
I do not know. [Laughter.]
Mr. SPALDING. The less he and I say
about roots the better for both. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. We should say nothing
about little roots. [Laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman is afraid that
there will be an assault rashly made upon the
President in this House ; that there are threats
to impeach him without examination, without
deliberation, and indiscreetly. Now the gen-
tleman had no right, in ans-^erto me, to make
an/ remark of that kind. I have said and
done nothing in the House which looked to im-
peachment, and the only thing, perhaps, that
I have to reproach myself with is, that the gen-
tleman has held me back so long._ Nothing
has been done to enable us to administer this
Government in its purity, and it never can be
administered so as to protect the liberties of
this nation until there is a different—I dare not
say it, sir ; it might be supposed that I am in
favor of impeaching the President—I mean,
sir, until the presidential term is up, (that is
all,) and he thereby becomes removed, for he
is an obstruction to all loyal action, and he is
an eye-sore to all loyal men except the gentle-
man from Ohio. _ _
The gentleman will excuse me for noticing
his remarks in respect to the Administration,
which I do in no censorious spirit, but merely
to express my dissent in a very faint way, and
more particularly to fix the attention of the
Administration upon the laudable efforts of the
gentleman in their behalf.
But, sir, I did not rise to make a speech, or
to say anything unkind toward the gentleman
from Ohio, but simply to vindicate the editor
and myself, in defending him from the propo-
sition which the gentleman made, and in^ ref-
erence to which I think the editor was right.
I have nothing further to say.
Mr. BUNDY. Mr. Speaker, after the
speeches which the House has just listened to,
any remarks I may be able to make will seem
dry, as the subject about which I propose to
talk a little will not be of much interest to the
members of this House. I did not suppose that
I should be able to get the floor during the
present session for the purpose of saying any-
thing touching any subject that has been before
us for our action or that might be before us, or
•most certainly I would have made some prep-
aration with a view to the proper discussion of
the subject-
The subject upon which I propose to talk a
few minutes, without, however, any expecta-
tion that anything I may say may influence the
mind or the conduct of any gentlenian present,
is one, as I said before, that in its nature is
not very interesting just at this time, because
although it is a subject of great interest to a
great many persons, it has been and will be
overslaughed by the great question of recon-
struction, about which we have heard so much.
I allude to the subject of finance, and I do not
approach its discussion with any purpose on
my p&rt or with &ny icle& th.a,t I sha.lt bo oolt?
to throw any light upon it, but simply in dis-
charge of what I conceive to be a duty to my-
self and to those whom I represent upon this
floor. I have a chronic dislike to making
speeches. I think my time can be much better
occupied, as a general thing, in doing some-
thing else. Like Baalam's long-eared horse,
I never speak anywhere untillam almost kicked
into it. But, sir, in the great interest mani-
fested in the question called reconstruction, it
seems to me that the financial interests of the
country, if not entirely disregarded, have com-
manded a very small share of the consideration
of this House.
In other words, it seems to me that by the
action which we have taken during the last
session of Congress, and which I see we are to
take during the present session, if we are to
carry out the suggestions and recommendations
of those gentlemen who have the charge of the
subject here—the whole subject being handed
over to the keeping of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and with a rate of speed that I do
not comprehend by any manner of means, the
-Committee on Ways and Means of this House
appear to adopt and carry out almost all his
suggestions in regard to it—and which, in my
judgment, seriously threaten, to say nothing
worse, the industrial interests of the country.
I know the difficulties under which the man
labors here if he disagrees with or if he attacks
in any form whatever, even by his vote^ simply,
the recommendations of that committee. I
know the embarrassments under which he
labors if he attempts to make a speech in op-
position to its recommendations or suggestions,
and I know the advantages that the members
of that committee have over other members of
this House with regard to any measure that it
may propose here, and that may be discussed
by the committee or by the different members
thereof.
Having said this much, I propose to spend a
few moments in the consideration of a propo-
sition which has been mooted, an assertion that
has been made and parrot-like repeated by
almost every gentleman who has made a speech
on this subject, in reference to the recommend-
ations of the Secretary of the Treasury ; and
that is in regard to this feature of those recom-
mendations, to wit: that the'' redundancy of the
currency or circulating medium of the country
enhances the prices of the products of the coun-
try, or, in other words, enhances the price of liv-
ing for the non-produeers." Now, is that true ?
I know that that is the theory laid down in the
books. I know very well that almost all writers
on domestic or political economy assume that
the quantity of the circulating medium of a
country affects, either cme way or the other, as
it maybe redundant or scarce, the prices of the
productions of the labor of the country. I know
that that proposition is laid down, I believe, in
Adam Smith upon the Wealth of Nations.
Now, why should we pay any regard to a
theory of that sort when it is found that in our
financial history the proposition had far better
be laid down by "John Smith,"' of America,
because the conditions by which we are sur-
rounded are altogether different from those
which suggested the theory as laid down by
that eminent author upon the subject of polit-
ical economy? Now, I take it that all such
theories have been exploded by the facts, every
time that the test has been made in the his-
tory of this country at any rate. How is it,
why is it, that for the last two or three years
the prices of the living of our people, the prices
of their meat, their bread, and their apparel
have been so extraordinarily high in compari-
son with the prices of other years"? Is it be-
cause we have had such a redundant currency?
I know that that is the assertion. Is it because
that previous to the war, say in the year 1860,
we had a circulating medium of about tliree
hundred million dollars in round numbers,
including all descriptions of currency, while
during the period of the last three years wo
have had three times that amount ox a circulat-
ing medium? I say I know that is thetheoiy ,
I know that is the assertion ; I have heard the
