1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1733
Mr. THAYER. I hope we will have the
question now. I think we have had enough
of this entertainment.
Mr. ROSS. Will it be consistent with the
views of the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
postpone action on this until we dispose of the
tax bill? [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANLER. I hope the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will allow a test vote to be
taken on the postponement of the further con-
sideration of this subject.
Mr. STEVENS. I have listened with pa-
tience to gentlemen. I would not be discour-
teous to any of them, for I am aware of the
melancholy feelings with which they are ap-
proaching this funeral of the nation. [Laugh-
ter.] I find there is difference of opinion
among the mourners to an extent which we
cannot expect to harmonize. I do not desire
to lose the opportunity to pass the bill at once
and send it to the Senate, and to proceed to
other matters; and if my friend from Maine
will offer the resolution he has in his hand I
will be much obliged to him.
Mr. BLAINE. I move that the rules be
suspended, so that the House shall immediately
proceed to vote on the question as required
by the Constitution: Will the House on recon-
sideration agree to the passage of House bill
No. 1143, the President's objection to the con-
trary notwithstanding?
Mr. STEVENS. I believe such a motion
does not require the previous question.
The SPEAKER. It is undebatable.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order,
but the motion to suspend the rules has prior-
ity. It is to suspend the rule under which the
bill may be laid on the table.
Mr. ANCONA. • I move to lay the motion
on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has repeatedly
decided that a motion to lay on the table a
motion for the suspension of the rules is not in
order.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 demand the yeas and naya
on the motion tc lay the bill on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LE BLOND. I move to take a recess.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
entertain the nfttion for the reason that thia is
a motion to suspend the rules under which he
can make that motion.
Mr. FINCK. From.that decision I take an
appeal.
Mr. LE BLOND demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were orddrei
Mr. ANCONA moved to lay the appeal on
the table, but subsequently withdrew it.
The question was taken, Shall the deeision of
the Chair stand aa the judgment of the House ?
and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas 178,
nays 4, not voting 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Aneona,
Anderson, Arnell, I)elos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley,
Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Beaman,
Benjamin, Bergen, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Blow,
Boutwell, Boyer, Brandegee, Bromwell, Broomall,
Buokland, Bundy, Campbell, Chanlcr, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cooper,
Cullom, Darling, Daris, Dawes, Defroes, Delano,
Deming, Denison, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Dumont,
Eckley, Eggleston, Eldridge, Eliot, Farnsworth, Far-
quhar, Ferry, Finck, Garfield, Glossbrenner, Good-
year, Grinnell, Griswold, Abner C. Harding, Hart,
Hawkins, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill. Hogan,
Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hub-
bard, Edwin N.Hubbell, James R.Hubbell, Hulburd,
Humphrey, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Jones,
Julian, Kasson Kelley, Kerr, Retcbam, Koonti,
Kuy kendall, Laftm, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Le Blond, Leftwich, Loan, Longyear,
Lynch, Marquette, Marshall, Marston, Marvin. May-
nurd, McClurg, McCallough, Melndoe, McKee,
MeRuer, Meroor, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris,
Moulton, Myers, lyewoll, Niblack, Nocll, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine. Patterson, Perham.Phelps, Pike, Plants
Pomeroy, Price. Radford. William H. Randall, Ray-
mond, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Ritter,
Rogers, Rollins, Ross, Rousseau, Sawyer, Schenck,
Scofield, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Spalding,
Starr. Stevens, Stilwell, Stokes, Strouse. Taber, Na-
thaniel 9. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Thayer, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trowbridge,
Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Hamilton
Ward, Warner, Henry D. Wanhburn, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Williams, James F.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Winfield, and
Woodbridgre—173.
NAYS—Messrs. Aaron Harding, Shanklin, Trimble,
and Andrew II. Ward—4.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Culver, Dawson, Driggs,
Hale, Harris, Hise, Kelso, Latham, Nicholson,
Samuel J. Randall, Robert T. Van Horn, Elihu B.
Washburne, Whalcy, and Wright—14.
So the decision of the chair was sustained.
During the roll-call,
Mr. FINCK said: I think the decision of the
Chair is right, and I therefore vote " ay."
! Mr. BOYER said: Upon reflection I think
the decision of the Chair is right, and I vote
"ay."
The result of the vote having been announced
aa above recorded, the question recurred on
Mr. Blaine's motion to suspend the rules,
i upon which the yeas and nays had been or-
dered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 136, nays 43, not voting 12 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley,, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell,
Bingham, Blaine,Blow, Boutwell,Brandegee, Brom-
well, Broomall, Buckiand, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Dar-
ling, Davis, Dawes, Defirees, Delano, Deming, Dixon,
Dodge, Donnelly, Dumont, Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Farquhar, lerry, Garfield, Grinnell,
Griswold, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hawkins, Hayos,
Henderson, Higby, Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss,
Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John II. Hub-
bard, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Ketcbam, Koontz, Kuyken-
1 dall, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marquette, Marston, Mar-
vin, Maynard, McClurg, Melndoe, McKee, MeRuer,
Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton,
Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Por-
ham, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, Raymond, Alex-
ander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Rollins, Rousseau,
Sawyer, Schenck, Scofleld, Shellabarger. Sloan, Spal-
ding, Starr, Stevens, Stilwoll, Stokes, Thayer, Fran-
cis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson,
Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, War-
ner, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Wentworth, Whaley, Williams, James F.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
briclse—136.
NAYS—Messrs:Aneona, Bergen, Boyer, Campbell,
Chanler, Cooper, Dawson, Denison, Eldridge, Finck,
Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Aaron Harding, Harris,
Hise, Hogan, Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey, Hunter,
Jones, Kerr, Le Blond, Leftwich, Marshall, McCul-
lough, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Phelps, Radford,
Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Strouse,
Taber, Nathaniel (>. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Thorn-
ton, Trimble, Andrew H. Ward, and Winflcfd—43.
NOT VOTING-—Messrs. Arnell, Culver, Dciggs,
Hale, Asahel W. nubbard, Kelso, Latham, Samuel
J. Randall, William H. Randall, Robert T. Van
Horn, Elihu B. Waahburne, and Wright—12.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
ruleB were suspended, and Mr. Blaine's mo-
tion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. In accordance with the
order incorporated in the motion first adopted
the House will proceed immediately to vote on
the question, ''Will the House on reconsider-
ation agree to the passage of the bill, the objec-
tions of the President to the contrary notwith-
standing?" ^
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to inquire if the
Chair will now entertain a motion to lay the
bill upon the table?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that motion now.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is there any other mo-
tion that the Chair will entertain, or must the
House come at once to a direct vote on the
passage of the bill over the veto ?
The SPEAKER. The order of the House
is that the House shall proceed immediately to
vote, under the Constitution on the question:
Will the House pass the bill, the objections of
the President to the contrary notwithstanding*?
The Chair could not suspend that vote even if
the hour for taking a recess had arrived, and
the Constitution requires that the question
shall be taken by yeas and nays.
The question was taken ; and there were—
ayes 135, nays 48, not voting 9; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell. Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker,
Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Beaman. Benja-
min, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Boutwell,
Brandegee, Bromwell, Broomall, Buokland, Bandy,
Reader W. Clarke. Sidney Clarke. Cobb, Conkling,
Cook, Cullom, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Defrees, De-
lano, Deming, Dixon. Dodge, Donnelly, Dumont,
Eokley, Eggleston, E1i#t, Farnsworth, Farquhar,
Ferry, Garield, Grinnell, GriswoM, Abner C. Hard-
ing, Hart, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill, Holmes,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard. Chester D.
Hubbard, Demas Hubbard. John H. Hubbard, James
R. Hubbell, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Julian.
Kasson, Kelley, Ketcham, Koontz, Lailin, George
V.Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear
Lynch, Marquette, Marston, Marvin, Maynard. Mc-
Clurg, Melndoe, McKee, MeRuer, Mercur, Miller,
Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton. Myers, New-
ell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike,
Plants, Pomeroy, Price, Raymond, Alexander H.
Rice, John H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Seo-
field, Shellabarger, Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Stevens,
Stokes, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Hamilton Ward. Warner, Henry D. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Whaley,
Williams, JamesP. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Win-
dom, Woodbridge, and the Speakei^-135.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Campbell,
Chanler, Cooper, Dawson, Denison, Eldridge, Finck,
Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Hale, Aaron Harding, Har-
ris, Hawkins, Hise, Hogan, Edwin N. Hubbell, Hum-
phrey, Hunter, Jones, Kerr, Kuykendall, Le Blond,
Leftwich, Marshall, McCullough, Niblack, Nichol-
son, Noell, Phelps, Radford, Ritter, Rogers, Ross,
Rousseau, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Stilwell, Strouse,
Taber. Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Thorn-
ton, Trimble, Andrew H. Ward, and Winfield—48.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Culver, Driggs, Kelso,
Latham, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall,
Robert T. Van Horn, Elihu B. Washburne, and
Wright—9.
The SPEAKER. On the question, "Will
the House, on reconsideration, agree to the
passage of an act to provide for the more effi-
cient government of the rebel States, the objec-
tions of the President to the contrary notwith-
standing—the yeas are 135, and the nays 48 :
so (two thirds having voted in the affirmative,)
the bill has again passed the House." [Great
applause on the floor and in the galleries.]
PAV OF A CONTESTANT.
Mr. DAWES. I riae to ask the consent of
the House to correct a clerical error in the res-
olution passed this morning giving compen-
sation to Mr. Thomas, who contested the seat
of Mr. Arn'ell. The resolution as adopted
directed the Sergeant-at-Arms to pay him out
of the contingent fund of the House. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms does not disburse the contingent
fund of the House. I ask that the words
"Sergeant-at-Arms" bestricken out.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk of the House
disburses the contingent fund of the House.
Mr. HILL. I will not object on condition
that the gentleman intended to be the recipient
of this money shall receive no part of it until
he takes the test oath. If the resolution can
be so modified I will not object.
Mr. DAWES. The oath that we take ?
Mr. HILL. Yes.
Mr. DAWES. I have bo objection to that.
Mr. FINCK. I rise to a point of order. I
would ask if such a thing was ever required
of a contestant before ?
The SPEAKER. That is hardly a question
of order. It is for the House to determine
whether they will require it or not.
Mr. FINCK. I submit that it has never
been required heretofore.
Mr. DAWES. It never has been required,
but there is no objection to it in this case.
Mr. FINCK. I suppose not, but I do not
like the precedent.
The resolution adopted this morning was
accordingly modified in the manner suggested
by Mr. Dawes and Mr. Hill.
ARMY APPROPRIATION CONFERENCE REPORT.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I submit a report from the committee
of conference, which I send to the Clerk's
desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1138)
making appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending June 30,1868, and for other pur-
Eoses, having met, after full and free conference,
ave agreed to recommend to their respective Houses
as follows :
That the Howe recede from their disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate and agree to the
same with the following amendment: Strike out the
words '* and fifty," in line four, and add at the end
of said amendmest the following:
Htsolved, That the ownership of said bridge shall
be and remain in the United States, and the Rock
Island and Pacife Railroad Compaay shall hare the
right of way over mid bride*  * all purposes of
transit across the island and river upon the condi-
tion that the said company shall, before any money
