1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
assertion made in this House by distinguished
membersofthe Committee of Ways wd Means.
But, in my judgment, a little reflection- upon
the facts will dispel that theory, as facts have
dispelled all such theories in all times, I be-
lieve, in the financial history of our country.
Why was it that tbe price of beef, if you
please, has increased fro.m four to twenty
cents per pound ? Was it because we had a
redundant currency ? I take it it'was not for
that reason. It was because by reason of the
market made by the demands of the war; and
this remark will apply to all articles. _ A mil-
lion and a quarter of men were sent into the
field, composing the Federal Army, more than
one million of that number being producers.
More than one million of that number of men
were engaged before the war, before they en-
tered the Army, in sojne department of the
industry of the country. We transferred that
million of men from the ranks of the producers
to those of the consumers, and the effects were
not only felt in the immediate vicinity of the
Army, but they were felt in all the remote
districts of the country. I said that that re-
mark applied to everything else; to the bread,
to the meats of all descriptions, if you please.
Did a redundant currency have anything to do
with it ? Why, sir, in my judgment it had but
very little to do with it. Those mea who had
been engaged in supplying their wants by their
own industry, being producers, had ceased to
be such, and had become consumers.
But, says the Secretary of the Treasury, in
order to bring back the state of things that we
had prior to the war it is necessary to reduce
the volume of the circulation. Why, sir, what
I understand to be necessary to restore the
state of things that we had before the war, in
reference to the price of living, is to give the
people of the country the time to repair the
wastes of the war. Let these men go to pro-
ducing again, as they did before the war ; let the
supply increase in proportion to the demand,
and I have no doubt that we shall see, as we
have seen heretofore, that when, so to speak,
there is a proper equilibrium established in this
regard, prices will recede.
I have said that the remark applies to the
prices of all descriptions of commodities. Take
some of the items, if you please. I have spoken
of beef. Take, if you please, mutton, which
before the war always commanded a price as
large or larger than beef. But during the war
it has been, as it is now, almost as low in the
market as it ever was. In Ohio to-day the
raw material is almost or quite as low as it ever
was. Why ? If this theory that a redundant
currency enhances prices be true, why should
not the .price of mutton correspond with the
price of beef? Why should not the raw mate-
rial be upon the same plane ? Simply because
there is a very large supply of that raw mate-
rial, a very large number of sheep in the coun-
try. I might say the same with regard to corn.
Why, sir, before the war, when we had $300,-
000,000 of currency in circulation, I have known
the price of corn in our country, which is a
very great corn-growing region, to be one dol-
lar per bushel, when all other articles beside
were at nominal prices. Why was that? There
was a scarcity of currency. Why was not the
price governed by the volume of the circulating
medium? Simply because Providence with-
held the earlier and the later rains, and there
was a failure of the crop. That is the only
explanation that can be given.
How has it been, and how is it now, with
regard to pork? The great demands of the
war, and the prevalence of the disease known
as the '' hog cholera,'' so far cut short the crop
that the farmers in the country did not raise a
supply for domestic purposes, very many of
whom were compelled to supply themselves
from the great pork marts of the country. This
was the case especially for the seasons of
1864-65, hogs and their products command-
ing such prices that even the class formerly
retained for reproduction were thrown upon
the market and killed, thereby almost cutting
off the means of supply. But in 1805 the great
prices stimulated an almost universal effort
among producers to restore the supply, and in
which they were partially successful, to _ the
extent that the price of the hog crop declined
nearly one half the present season. What had
a redundant currency to do with this ? Nothing.
The reason for the decline is to be found in the
fact that nearly all the so-called "small farm-
ers' ' raised this year, not only their own sup-
plies, but a surplus for the general market.
To claim that a retiring currency or a de-
clining gold market had very much to do with
bringing the price of pork from eleven cents
per pound to six cents would be rank injustice
alike to the procreating or recuperating capa-
bilities and powers of the swine and the enter-
prise, industry, and thrift of the farmer. No
article in the market has shown or does show
any palpable sympathy with the gold market,
the increase or decline of the volume of the
circulating medium, except such as are im-
ported exclusively; and even the supply of
the latter will more certainly and sensibly affect
its price than anything else.
How was it at the same time with regard to
the article of wheat? There having been good
wheat crops throughout the country, wheat was
just p.s cheap in the market as corn. How is it
now? Corn to-day with us is worth forty cents
per bushel. If a redundant currency causes
high prices, why is not the price of that article
one dollar or one dollar and twenty cents per
bushel, as it has been sometimes? Why, be-
cause there is a large corn crop. That is the
explanation, and the only explanation that can
be given. And with regard to wheat there has
been an almost entire failure of the crop; and
therefore the price is higher than we have ever
before known it to be. My constituents have
to buy their wheat from the constituents of the
gentleman from Chicago.
Now, Mr. Speaker,lam willing to admit that
there may be for some purposes such a thing as
a redundant currency, and that it may have an
effect upon prices; but that effect is only tem-
porary. It may induce men who have no means
of their own to go into speculation. Because
of the quantity of the currency or its accessi-
bility they may borrow andgo into speculation.
They may buy and hold a large amount of pro-
duce and temporarily affect prices. But when
their bills payable become due and have to be
met, possibly they may renew them once for a
period of ninety days; but when those bills have
to be met the produce'mustbe sold and the mar-
ket comes down. Speculators may affect the
prices of commodities temporarily; but when
pay-day comes, as come it must, prices again
#come into harmony with the demand for the
article.
But, sir, is it true that, as compared with the
period of 1859 and 1860, we have a redundant
currency ? How was it then ? Why, sir, they
say that at that time we had §300,000,000 of cur-
rency afloat, andnow that wehave §600,000,000
or $700,000,000. I undertake to say, sir, that
$600,000,000 or $700,000,000 is not so much
in proportion to the demand and the uses for
currency now as $300,000,000 was before the
war. Before the war, for every dollar of circu-
lation, for every dollar of bank paper or gold,
or whatever entered into or made up the sum
total of our currency, there was somebody's
note out for ten or fifteen dollars.
No one then pretended to do business on a
cash basis; no business was conducted any-
where for cash ; no sales were made for cash.
The wholesale merchant sold at six months'
time, and the retail merchant did the same
thing. Every man who had any commodity
to sell never expected to get money for it; he
always expected, to get somebody's note, the
usual credit being for six months. I undertake
to say that, during the period of five or six years
prior to 1862, fifteen sixteenths of all the com-
mercial transactions of the country were car-
. ried on upon the basis of credit; and therefore it
is not true, taking our present position and what
we are doing as compared with what we did
then, that seven or eiglithundred millions of cur-
rency now are more than three hundred millions
then; for we are now attempting to do business
for money, to do away with the credit system.
I have nothing to say against the credit system
by itself; but, sir, it has been the parent of a
great deal of our miseries as a people. It has
been the occasion of bringing on a peat many
of our financial crises. But when, sir, tile idea
was conceived and brought forth that we were
to have a paper currency, such as the actual
wants of the country demanded, why the
people gradually, very gradually, did away to
some extent with the credit system among us,
and they did business purely on a cash prin-
ciple. While they are doing that, I undertake
to say, such a thing as panic or crisis could not
possibly take place. What do the people care
about a crisis if no one is in debt ? It can
never be, and never will take place. There-
fore I say, sir, in point of fact it is not true
that we have a redundant currency at this
time. Beside, sir, we have a demand now for
actual currency to pay internal Federal tax or
revenue exceeding the entire volume of circu-
lation before the war. Tbe last report of the
Secretary of the Treasury shows that during
the last fiscal year our people have paid into
the Treasury of the United States more than
$310,000,000—eighteen million dollars more
than the total of the authorized circulation of
the national banks; and nothing but currency
(lawful money) will be received in payment of
these dues.
But, Mr. Speaker, acting on his theory, the
Secretary of the Treasury, seconded by the
Finance Committees of both Houges of Con-
gress, is retiring as fast as possiBte, as fast as
the law will permit, a portion of the currency
we already have. How is it to-day, sir? We
have about sixteen hundred national banks,
with a circulation of $292,000,000. We havein
round numbers $400,000,000 of United States
notes and in round numbers $159,000,000 of
compound-interest notes that have already been
treated and regarded as money; and now what
is attempted to be done ? By the law of the
last session the Secretary of the Treasury was
permitted and authorized by law to do—what?
Why, sir, to convert the compound-interest
notes into long bonds; to retire the non-interest-
bearing notes; so that, since the passage of the
law, $4,000,000 per month of United States
money or non-interest-bearing legal tenders
have teen retired, and the Government has put
just that much more money on interest than we
had before. Now, what is to be the effect of
this thing? If it goes on, how is the country
to be affected? How is the business of the
country to be affected? If this thing is to con-
tinue, all the compound-interest notes will be
retired; theentire $400,000,000 will be retired,
and then we will be remitted to a condition of
things not so favorable to the business of the
country as before the war, as we will not then
have as much circulation as we had before the
war.
Mr. PRICE. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that by the act of the last session of
Congress the Secretary of the Treasury was
authorized to retire legal tenders and to pay
for them in long bonds?
Mr. BUNDY. Yes, sir, in effect.
Mr. PRICE. I supposed we had guarded
against that point particularly.
Mr. BUNDY. How can you guard against
it? I am a modest gentleman here and will
cheerfully answer any question put to me, but
as I have never had the floor before I fear I
may make some mistake and lose it. [Laugh-
ter.] I ask you, Mr. Speaker, whether it is not
■ an authority given to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to retire legal tenders and to issue Gov-
ernment interest-bearing bonds in their stead?
Mr. PRICE. I wish to say in reply, if the
gentleman is correct in the position he assumes
then the country is in a dangerous position
financially.
Mr. BUNDY. That is what I say, sir. -
Mr. PRICE. For one I will go as far as any
member upon this floor to correct that evil. I
suppose that the act of the last Congress
authorized the Secretary to retire so many mil-
