1058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
f;
affair, and. in no other way. The Secretary of
the Treasury cannot sit down and make his
draft and take a sixpence out of the Treasury
any more than any Senator can; and 110 Treas-
urer would .pay sueh a draft; if he did, he would
be responsible on bis bond. The Secretary
has no more power over thij money in the
Treasury, excepting in the way I speak of, that
everything must have his signature before it is
drawn, than we have or any one of us has, not
a particle.
It seems this money has swelled up to $140,-
000,000. It has been varying.. Did not the
Senator from Illinois help to pass the laws
which brought this money into the Treasury ?
Did he not vote for the internal revenue act?
Did ha not vole for the tariff bills passed before
the last one we had up? Is he not in favor of
raising internal revenue ? Is he not in favor
of raising customs revenue to meet the wants
of the Government? If he is, and if he has
voted for these bills, he is responsible, and not
the Secretary of the Treasury or the President
of the United States. Congress is responsible
for that. How is the Secretary of the Treasury
to dispose of the money he gets in? All he
can do is to pay debts, pay the interest, pay
the expenses of the Government; and if there
is a balance in the Treasury that is not called
for at a particular moment he caunot help it.
What does the Senator want him to do with
it? He has no power to lend it. lie cannot
pay off the public with it until the public debt
becomes payable. lie cannot pay the com-
pound-interest notes until their time is out and
they are presented. Ho cannot, pay bonds
because the bonds are on time mid are not yet
due. All he can do is to pay the interest and
ny the ordinary expenses of the Government,
s he responsible for t he money ? What does
the Senator wish him to do? Does he wish
him to put the gold up at auction and sell what
gold there is in the-Treiisury ? Of course he
cannot sell the bills. Why, sir, the Senator
or his friends from that section of the country
particularly are absolutely protesting against
taking up all that the Secretary has power to
tako up, namely, the greenbacks. They are
protesting against him paying them off and
retaining them in the Treasury. They say he
must put them out again, except the $4,000,000
a monlh which the law authorizes him to retire;
and the vole even of tho other House calls for
tho repeal of that provision, and they say he
shall not do even that. How can he help the
accumulation of money in the Treasury? It
will all be needed. If -it is not needed at this
particular moment, it will bo.
What remedy does the Senator propose? [t
is not enough to get up here and say, "This is
all wrong ; this is a vast power; this is a tre-
mendous discretion; the liberties of this peo-
ple are in danger." Why not lind some way
in which to protect tho liberties of this people?
Why not propose a remedy? It is very easy
to complain, but it requires a different power
to provide a remedy. 1 should like to have
tho Senator put. his ingenuity to work upon
that, and see what lie would do.
Now, sir, 1 am unwilling to stand under this
kind of imputation, because I conceive that it
attacks me as well as others. I have reported
bills to raise revenue, internal revenue bills
and tariff bills and other bills, and I have
done what I could to pass them. 1 n that course
I have been sustained by the Senate almost
unanimously, and have ordinarily had the sup-
port on those bills of the honorable Senator
from Illinois, he voting for them. The coun-
try required them. The necessities of the day
made it absolutely essential that we should
pass them. We had vast -responsibilities to
meet; we must keep the public faith firm ; we
must sustain the Government. And, sir, be-
cause in doing this it happens that on an occa-
sion there are rather a few more millions in
the Treasury than at another time, and per-
haps more than can be used at the present
hour, and yet all of which will be needed to
meet our obligations, are we to be told that
this is an immense danger against which the
country is to be warned? The money must
be somewhere, under the control of some-
body ; and our institutions are sueh as re-
quire that there should be a head of the
Finance Department of the United States, and
that in his hands in one sense—that is, under
his control—should be the money that hap-
pens to be on hand in order to meet the ex-
igencies of the Government. Now, sir, I do
not see the danger. I do not think that the
Senator can find anything particularly alarming
about it. I see nothing of that kind. I am
very glad that we have so much power to meet
our obligations ; I hope it will continue, but I
fear that too soon the Senator will find that
the Government will need all its resources.
Mr. Tit UMB ULL. Mr. President, I am sorry
that we caunot discuss a matter of this kind
without allusions to the personal views of Sen-
ators any further than as they are connected
with the public service. In what I said when
up before I endeavored to confine my remarks
entirely to what I conceived to be public mat-
ters, and to avoid making any unkind reflection
upon any member of the Senate, any allusion
to him as possessing all the wisdom of the body
or not possessing it. I spoke of what I re-
garded to be an evil, which was the vesting of
unnecessary discretionary authority in the heads
of Departments. I spoke of it as an evil, very
bad economy, and a thing which was dangerous
to the liberties of the people, that sueh a vast
amount of money should be left in the hands
of anybody.
Now, sir, if I am asked whether I did not
vote to raise revenue, I answer most certainly.
If I am inquired whether I am in favor of
raising revenue, I answer most assuredly. I
am asked to devise away to deplete the Treas-
ury, and [ am told that there is a clamor from
tho western country against curtailment. If
times are hard, if money is scarce, if people
are pinched, why not disburse some ol these
millions that have lain in the 'Treasury for the
last year?
Mr. FESSENDEN. How? In what way?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I look to the Senator at
tho head of tho Finance Committee, who has
charge of these matters, to devise the way. I
have expressed my opinion that it ought to be
done, and I shall be most happy to follow him,
as ho says I did in voting for the bills to raise
revenue, when he brings in a practical measure,
as I liavo no doubt he will when he moves in
it, to deplete the Treasury of this unneces-
sary amount of money there. I have called his
attention and the attention of the Senate to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will inform tho Sen-
ator that thero is no way of doing it that I
know of except two. One is to pay off the
public debt as it becomes due, and you cannot
pay it any faster than it becomes due, and meet
the ordinary oxpenses of tho Government. The
other one 1 suppose which the Senator would
advise, perhaps, would be to deposit it among
'the States as we did the surplus revenue some
twenty or thirty years ago ; divide it around.
Mr. TUUMBIJLL. I do not know why tho
Senator has a right to assume that I would
wish to deposit it with the States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not assume any
such thing. I am merely stating the only two
ways I know of to do what tho Senator wants.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, it seems to me that
the Senator from Maine, if ho was owing
$2,500,000,000, and had in his vaults in his
house $142,000,000, could find some way by
which he could get rid of his $142,000,000 and
lessen his indebtedness to that extent, and
cease paying interest upon it.
I was told that I was mistaken as to the
amount of money in the Treasury. I had not
looked into the tables recently ; I had only gen-
eral recollection ; but since I was up before I
have sent for the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury on the linaneos, and I find that he
reports as cash in the Treasury on the 80th day
of June last $132,000,000, and on the 31st of
October last $130,000,000. So I was not far
out of the way. There has been more than
one hundred million dollars in the Treasury
since the 30th of June last, and I think during
the whole twelve months last past.
Now, sir, I do think that some measure
should be taken on this subject before we ad-
journ. I look to the Senator from Maine, the
chairman of the Finance Committee, charged
particularly with this business, to bring forward
a measure by which a portion of this money
shall be taken out of the Treasury, and we
shall cease .to pay interest on that much of our
indebtedness.
Mr. President, I recollect the time, and it
will appear by the official reports, that we were
giving certificates of deposit for money depos-
ited in the Treasury, and paying interest upon
it when we had tens of millions in the Treas-
ury. I think the relief to tho country which it
wants is to be found in disbursing this money.
You have $142,000,000 in the Treasury. Throw
out $100,000,000 of it, pay off some of your
indebtedness, instead of issuing new indebted-
ness for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask how we can
pay it before it becomes payable?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does not the Senator
know that millions of it have been paid into
the Treasury the last year, and that you have
issued new indebtedness for it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is only changing
one form of indebtedness for another.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know it is; but instead
of changing one form of indebtedness for an-
other why not pay money for it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because those who
hold it had a right by law to exchange it and
preferred to do so. That is the reason. Our
law gave them tho privilege of exchanging
those securities for others, and they preferred
to do it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Wo are devising means,
and I presume we shall have a bill this ses-
sion to exchange one kind of indebtedness for
another that is becoming due. I have seen it
stated—I do not know that the committee have
taken any action here, and I do not know that
they propose any—but I have seen it stated
within a few days somewhere that the com-
pound-interest notes which are to fall due tho
coming year are to be replaced with another
species of indebtedness that, is to bear interest.
Why not pay them off whenever they become
due and scatter tho mojiey among the people?
The Senator from Maine smiles at this. I
think some way can be found. It is a very
strange state of things to me that there is no
possible way to relieve the Treasury of money
that is in its vaults. The House of Represent-
atives has passed a bill this very session for
selling tho gold, and the Senator from Maine—
1 did not mean to say a word about tho Sen-
ator from Maine, and I will not now say it—■
but the Finance Committee has reported here
against that bill, as 1 understand. It seems
that the House of Representatives was.for tak-
ing some step in that direction. I do not know
that that is a proper bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to ask the
Senator a question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the goM were sold
what would it be sold for ? Sold for money,
of course. Then what would you do with the
money ? Would not that go into the Treasury
and be in the Treasury in the same way?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Pay off your compound-
interest notes as they fall due.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are not payable
yet.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Pay then when due.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But we must keep the
money for that purpose when they are due.
The Senator wants to scatter it before that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They fall due very soon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But we must keep
money to pay them with.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There have been debts
falling due. We have paid off hundreds of
millions of debts that were due within the last
two years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of course they were
dne.
