1734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
is expended by the Government, agree to pay and
shall secure to the United States—first, half the cost
of said bridge, and second, half the expense of keep-
ing said bridge in repair; and upon guarantying
said conditions to the satisfaction of the Secretary
of War by contract or otherwise, the said company
shall have free use of said bridge for purposes of
transit, but without any claim to the ownership
thereof.
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the
House to the sixth amendment of the Senate, with an
amendment, as follows: strike out the words "tho
operations of;" and that the House agree to thesame.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventh amendment of the Senate and agree to
the same.
That the Senato agree to the amendment of the
House to the eighth amendment of the Senate.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the tenth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same.
And that the Senate recede from their third
amendment to the bill.
THADDEUS STEVENS,
SAMUEL SHELLABARGER,
N. P. BANKS.
Managers on the part of the House.
HENRY WILSON,
H. S. LANE,
S. J. KIRKWOOD,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the previous
question on agreeing to the report.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and underthe operation
thereof the report of the committee of confer-
ence was adopted—ayes 72, noes 30.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report of the committee of
conference was adopted ; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed without amendment bill of
the House No. 589, to declare valid and con-
clusive certain proclamations of the President
and acts done in pursuance thereof, or under
his orders, in the suppression of the late rebel-
lion against the United States.
compound-interest notes.
Mr. PRICE submitted the following report
from a committee of conference:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on House bill No. 1220, en-
titled "An act to furnish ways and means for the
payment of the compound-interest notes," after a
full conference have agreed that tho House recede
from its disagreement to the Senate amendment, and
agree to the same with amendments, as follows:
strike out "ono hundred"in last line of first section
of said amendment and insert "fifty;" and strike
out the second section of said amendment, and that
tho Senate agree to tho said amendments to their
amendment. HIRAM PRICE,
THEODORE M. POMEROY.
Managers on the part of the House.
JOHN SHERMAN,
REVERDY JOHNSON,
WILLIAM SPRAGUE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The question was upon agreeing to the report
of the committee.
Mr. ANCONA. I ask that the bill be read
as proposed to be amended.
The SPEAKER. It will require unanimous
consent to have the bill read at this time.
Mr. BEAMAN. I object.
Mr. ANCONA. Then I ask the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Price] to explain the bill.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, it will be remem-
bered by the House that the amendment of
the Senate to the bill passed by the House pro-
vided that $100,000,000 of notes bearing inter-
est at the rate of three per cent, be issued,
which were intended to take the place of
$100,000,000 of the compound-interest notes
falling due within the year; that was the sub-
stance of the first section of the Senate amend-
ment.
. The second section of the amendment pro-
vided that no national bank should be allowed
to keep its deposits in a bank that paid inter-
est upon them; also, that no national bank
should be allowed to keep, as a part of its
reserve fund, any of the compound-interest
notes now outstanding. The conferees on the
part of the Senate have agreed to strike out
of the Senate amendment that entire second
section.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I must ask the Chair
to enforce order. There is so much conversa-
tion here that we cannot hear what is said by
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Price.]
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen must preserve
order. Persons who desire to converse will
retire to the cloak rooms.
Mr. PRICE. Might I be allowed to say a
word or two parenthetically ? And that is,
that I thought about an hour since, that the
House ought to congratulate itself upon the
fact that while the message from the President
was being read there was good order in this
Hall for about three quarters of an hour.
[Laughter.] I do not know when before I
have witnessed such a thing, and I do not
know that I shall ever witness it again.
The SPEAKER. The preservation of order
in this Hall must depend upon the members
themselves. The Chair can only admonish
them; he cannot compel them to cease con-
versation.
Mr. PRICE. The Chair will understand
that what I said was intended rather in justifi-
cation of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understood it.
Mr. PRICE. While my voice is not the
strongest it certainly is not the weakest in this
Hall, and when I speak, with ordinary attention
on the part of members, I can be heard dis-
tinctly in every part of the House. But a few
minutes since gentlemen not more than fifteen
feet distant from me said they could not hear
me.
I will now repeat, to some extent, my ex-
planation of the amendment of the Senate, and
the action recommended by the committee of
conference. The amendment of the Senate
as it came to us embraced two sections ; the
first section provided that $100,000,000 of
notes bearing three per cent, interest should be
issued by the Secretary of the Treasury to take
the place of $100,000,000 of compound-inter-
est notes now outstanding and falling due
within the ensuing year. The second section
provided that no national bank should be
allowed to hold, as a part of its reserve fund,
any compound-interest notes; and also that
no national bank should be allowed to keep
its deposits or balances with any bank that
paid interest on such deposits or balances.
The action recommended by the committee
of conference is simply this: to strike from
the amendment of the Senate the entire second
section, and to amend the first section by strik-
ing out $100,000,000 and inserting $50,000,000.
Therefore the effect would be to authorize the
issue of $50,000,000 of notes bearing three per
cent, interest, to take the place of $50,000,000
of compound-interest notes, now supposed to
be held by the national banks as a portion of
their required reserve. So far as the effect of
that is concerned it is simply to place a three
per cent, note where a six per cent, note now
is; neither contracting nor expanding the cur-
rency. As I have already said, these are the
only changes recommended in the Senate
amendment. The House bill provided for the
retirement of $100,000,000 of compound-inter-
est notes; this bill will provide for the retire-
ment of only $50,000,000. That leaves the
additional $50,000,000 with no provision what-
ever for their retirement, unless the House are
willing to take the assurance of the gentlemen
who composed the committee of conference on
the part of the Senate, and who say 
A Member. You have no right to state what
they say.
Mr. PRICE. A friend near me says I have
po right to state what they said. I suppose I
have a right to say this: that the balance of
these compound-interest notes can be taken up
by using of the reserve fund in the Treasury
the amount over and above that which is ne-
cessary to pay the accruing interest on the
public debt; or they can be taken up under
the provisions of the existing law, which au-
thorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
$50,000,000 of legal-tender notes as a tempo-
rary loan.
Mr. GARFIELD. With the permission of
the gentleman from Iowa, I wish to inquire of
him whether there is anything in the bill, as
agreed upon by the conference committee,
which will legalize the keeping of compound-
interest notes by the banks as a part of their
reserve?
Mr. PRICE. The bill, if passed in the form
agreed upon by the committee, will leave the
law in that respect precisely as it has been from
the beginning; there will be no change what-
ever in that respcct.
Mr. ROSS. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman whether he concurs in this report?
Mr. PRICE. I have signed the report.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether the report does not surrender the
whole principle contended for by the House in
the bill which we passed ?
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, I have stated to
the House the result of the action of the con-
ference committee. I have asked no gentle-
man to vote for the adoption of this report;
and I wish to say now that it does not make a
particle of difference to me whether members
vote for it or not. I am not here to advocate
it further than to say this: if we make no new
provision we allow the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue $100,000,000 of five-twenty bonds
to take up $100,000,000 of compound-interest
notes; and if that be done the currency will be
contracted to the extent of $100,000,000 within
the next year. Under the arrangement em-
bodied in the report $50,000,000 of this amount
will be provided for, while the other $50,000,000
may be taken up either in that way or in the
manner I have already indicated. It is for the
House to decide whether it will adopt the re-
port of the conference committee, as giving
us a bill which is better than no legislation, or
whether it will reject the report and allow the
law to stand as it now is.
Mr. LYNCH. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Iowa whether this report of the
conference committee does not provide for a
contraction of the currency to the amount of
$50,000,000 more than the bill which we voted
down; whether the issuing of $50,000,000
of these demand notes instead of $100,000,000
will not necessitate the substitution of $50,000, -
000 of legal-tender notes by the banks, instead
of the $50,000,000 of these demand notes,
which the other bill provided tbi ?
Mr. PRICE. I will try to answer that ques-
tion, although I thought I had already made
the matter plain.
There are, in round numbers, $100,000,000
of these compound-interest notes to be pro-
vided for; in fact, the amount is much more
than that, but we call it that. This amount
must be taken up within the present year. If
we take them up with long bonds, we contract
the currency to the extent of $100,000,000.
That is so plain that no man can mistake it.
If we take up $50,000,000 of these compound-
interest notes with these other notes, then, so
far as concerns those $50,000,000, there is
neither contraction nor expansion, but the vol-
ume of the currency is left precisely as it was.
In reference to the other $50,000,000, it will de-
pend entirely upon the Secretary of the Treas-
ury as to how they shall be taken up. If he
takes them up with bonds bearing six per cent,
interest then there will be a contraction of the
currency to that extent. If he takes them up
with money now on hand, or money which
under existing laws he is authorized to use in
that way, then there will be no contraction.
1 leave the question with the House, which it
will decide for itself.
Mr. THAYER. I want to ask the gentle-
man from Iowa whether he does not regard it
as morally certain that the Secretary of the
Treasury will not take up the compound-inter-
est notes with legal-tender notes?
Mr. PRICE. Every gentleman must decide
that question for himself.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I ask the gentleman
from Iowa whether I am to understand that
this report of the committee of conference is
$50,0()0,000 worse than the bill we have passed
and $50,000,000 better than none at all? I
