1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1059
Mr. TRUMBULL. You could pay them off
with the money you had; but instead of paying
them with money, you issued other indebted-
ness for them. Does not the Senator know it?
You were not bound to do that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was because wo could
not help it. They had a right to demand other
indebtedness.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They had no right to
demand it. I take issue, as a matter of fact,
with the Senator from Maine. We have paid
hundreds of millions of money deposited in the
Treasury on certificates for which they had no
right to demand bonds.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There were no bonds
given for certificates.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; then I am
right that there was an indebtedness which we
could pay.
Mi'. FESSENDEN. Exactly; and I say to
the Senator that we have paid all our indebt-
edness just as it became due, but we cannot
pay what is not due.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I say to the Senator
from Maine that we have paid indebtedness
that was due, and that we had a right to pay,
by issuing bonds for it.
Mr. SUMNER. Let me remind my friend
from Illinois that the bill for the sale of gold
to which he refers, which has passed the other
House, provides that compound-interest notes
may be received in payment for the gold.
Mr. BROWN. Or bonds either.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Or bonds cither. That
would certainly provide a way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But they would not be
obliged to pay for the gold with compound-in-
terest notes ; and what then? The holders of
the compound-interest notes are not obliged
to bring them in till they become due, and even
then they need not do it if they choose to hold
them without drawing interest..
Mr. TRUMBULL. We do not eare how
much indebtedness they hold that draws no
interest. I reckon creditors will not hold that
very long, and we can afford then to keep
money in our Treasury, but we cannot afford
to do it when we are paying interest on it. It
is a mistake if the Senator from Maine means
to say to the country, and I should like to
know if he moans the statement to go out to
the country upon his responsibility as a Sena-
tor and the head of the Finance Committee,
that no species of indebtedness has matured
against the Government which we had a right
to pay off at maturity, if we had the money
to pay it, and for which the holders of the
indebtedness had no right to demand other
securities.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator is aware
of any I should like to have him state it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that there
has been such indebtedness.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
what it is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think certificates of
deposit.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They have been paid.
There have not been any bonds issued for
them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. For none of them?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator says no
bonds were issued for these certificates of de-
posit that were taken up, I hope he is correct.
I will not say that he is not, because I have not
examined it; but my understanding is that we
have taken up millions of compound-interest
notes during the past year; and I do not un-
derstand that the holders of compound-inter-
est notes have a right to demand bonds for
them. Am I wrong?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If they have been taken
up they have been paid. I do not think any
bonds have been issued for compound-interest
notes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then there is an in-
debtedness which has been falling due, which
is maturing now, and which we have a right to
pay off as soon as it matures.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is that ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The compound-interest
notes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. I say to
the Senator we shall have that right when they
become due, but that time has not arrived.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has none of that in-
debtedness matured ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. None of it yet to my
knowledge.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Much of it has come
in : the Secretary's report shows that lie has
received millions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Some of it has been
taken up by consent, I suppose. I do not know
that any of it is really payable yet.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is soon to mature,
whether it has matured or not; and that will
afford a moans of paying out the money in the
Treasury Department when it does fall due,
and it certainly falls due within the coming
year, some of it, if it is not already due. I
thought some of it had already matured.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is true that that in-
debtedness becomes due, most of it, in the
course of the following year; but there is a
loud call throughout the country everywhere,
more especially from the Senator's own region,
not to pay that off, but to substitute something
in its place in order that the banks may hold it,
and not make a severe, and what it is appre-
hended may be, a very disastrous contraction
of the currctiey. These notes can be paid and
will be paid by the Treasury as they become
payable, but not if you take all the money out
and distribute it as the honorable Senator
wants, because then there would be nothing
to pay with.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 have not proposed to
take the money out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it is kept in the
Treasury that course will be taken up. But
Congress is protesting, and the people of
the country, more especially in the Senator's
region, arc protesting that it will not do to
contract the currency by paying these notes
off; that you must substitute something for
them in order to keep up the circulation.
That is a question that the Senator will be
called to act upon, and when the question
comes before l m wo shall see how he de-
cides it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish a eon-
traction that is to paralyze the interests of the
country. I do not understand that philosophy.
I know but little about finance, I admit; but
I cannot see for the life of me how it contracts
the currency if the holder of a thousand-dollar
compound-interest note brings it up to the Treas-
ury and takes out a thousand dollars that is
locked up there, and scatters it among the
people.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will tell the Senator
there are $100,000,000 of these notes held by
the banks to form the basis of their credit.
Now, if they are deprived of these notes, and
they are taken in, it contracts the currency just
as much as if yon took so many greenbacks out
of circulation. The question is simple enough
and every body understands it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How it contracts the
currency when you pay out greenbacks for
them I cannot see. You have got $45,000,000
of greenbacks in the Treasury to-day, have you
not? They have been lying there for a year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose these com-
pound-interest notes are paid off, as they will
be when the time comes; they must be re-
placed with something. If you provide nothing
more to replace them, they will be replaced
with greenbacks. That is all they can be re-
placed with, and so many greenbacks will be
taken out of circulation and held by the banks.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will it contract the cur-
rency any more to have the banks hold them
than it does to have the Treasury hold them ?
The Treasury has held them for a year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They will not be in
circulation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They are not much in
circulation when they are in the Treasury. You
have had $130,000,000 there for a year. Who
has seen that money? Has it helped the com-
merce of the country ? Who is benefited by
having ninety odd millions of gold lying in the
Treasury, ^and forty or fifty millions of green-
backs? That is what makes the contraction,
because you are hoarding up this money in the
Treasury and keeping it there. I do not see
how it produces any contraction when you take
up a compound-interest note, which does not
circulate as money, and pay out for it some-
thing that will circulate among the people as
money. I do not understand the philosophy
of it I confess.
I had no intention of being betrayed into a
discussion in regard to these compound-interest
notes and the various kinds of indebtedness;
I had a general knowledge of them. The
Senator from Maine undertook to impute to
me the possession of all the wisdom of the Sen-
ate, and from the manner in whicli he said it
the impression was that he disputed the facts
whicli I had stated. Since I have been speak-
ing there has been handed to me a statement,
which I presume to be correct, that we have is-
sued $200,000,000 of compound-interest notes,
and we have already redeemed $123,000,000
of them.
Mr. CONNESS. Was it not a good thing
to do ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, excellent; and I
want to redeem the others and pay out the
money.
Mr. CATTELL. Those redeemed have
fallen due and been presented for payment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am very glad to know
that, because that meets the precise point
made upon me by the Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What was that ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The compound-interest
notes have fallen due, the Senator from New
Jersey says, $128,000,000 of them, and been
presented l'or payment. Then there was a
way.
Mr. CATTELL. My answer is, that all that
have fallen due have been presented and paid.
The compound-interest notes were issued at
different dates, some payable in two years,
some in a longer time ; $140,000,000 of them
are not yet due.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But there is a portion
already due.
Mr. CATTELL. And that portion has been
paid.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the precise fact
which I am glad to know, and I am very much
obliged to the Senator from New Jersey for
communicating it. Then it seems 1 was quite
correct in the statement that I made.
But, sir, I do not desire to prolong this dis-
cussion. I hope that before we adjourn some
measure will be devised, and one that will not
unnecessarily contract the currency. I wish
certainly not to do anything that will embar-
rass the commercial interests of the coun-
try; but I do wish such legislation as will pre-
vent hereafter such an accumulation of money
in the 'Treasury. 1 think that may be done
safely to the country and to its commercial
interests, and that will be an economical meas-
ure if we could devise some mode to accom-
plish it.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is rather a singular
debate to grow out of an amendment which
everybody will vole for. I presume there is
not a member in the Senate who does not seo
the necessity of adopting the amendment re-
ported by the committee. The amount appro-
priated here for temporary clerks is less than
has been appropriated during the whole war.
I have before mo the first appropriation made
for this purpose during the war. The amount
then appropriated was $110,000, and the appro-
priation was almost in the very language con-
tained in the pending amendment. It read as
follows:
" For temporary clerks in tlicTreabury Department
for the year oiviinc; June 30, 1S(>3, $110,000: Provided,
That the Secretary be, and he is hereby, authorized
in his discretion to classify the temporary cieiks so
authorized according to the character ot their ser-
vices, and assign to such of them as he shall sec lit
any compensation not exceeding that 01 clerks of tho
first class."
