1060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
This appropriation was made May 20,1862,
and has beeu continued every year from that
time. Why it was omitted in the House dur-
ing the present session I cannot answer; but I
am told that it grew out of a misunderstanding
as to the purpose of the appropriation. Ap-
propriations in the same language for much
larger amounts have been made during the
war. Before the war an appropriation was
always made for extra clerk hire. The last
one made during a year when the expenses of
the Government was very closely scrutinized,
1860, was $12,000. This is an item of appro-
priation that has been continued for years.
Mr. President, one or two statements were
made by the Senator from Illinois which rather
astonished me. He seems to think that the
amount in the Treasury is so large as to justify
a suspicion that it is held for improper pur-
poses, or at least that it is so laree as to ex-
cite comment. Now, lot us sec. J'hc amount
of currency hold in the Treasury Department,
according to the statement laid on our tables,
is $45,009,187. Of that there is to-day liable
to be called upon at any moment $15,791,454,'
making the actual amount of currency in the
Treasury now $20,277,733. That is the total
amount of the money in the Treasury subject
to order. That is about one month's receipts
of the Internal Revenue Bureau, or one twelfth
of the annual income of the Treasury from
internal revenue.
I presume that it would be very unwise to
hold a less balance than $30,000,000 at any
one time. I do not believe the ordinary opera-
tions of the Treasury could be carried on with*
less than one month's receipts of internal reve-
nue. This money is deposited in various places
all over the country, from Boston to Han Fran-
cisco, in the course of collecting the internal
revenue, and 1 believe that an amount equal to
this is found to be necessary to carry on the
Operations of the Treasury. The drafts of the
Treasury Department on the banks go through
various bureaus of the Treasury, and it requires
at least one month in some cases to make the
necessary returns, so that it seems to mo the
balance of currency on hand is not too largo.
In regard to the balance of gold, I may say
that at the last session wo passed an act on my
own mot ion fixing the limit of gold ut $60,000,-
000. The amount of gold in the Treasury is
$77,000,000. The {Senator said $97,000,000,
but he will find from this same statement that
near twenty million dollars of that amount is
held for individuals, which does not belong to
the Government. That is now deposited iii the
sub-Treasury at New York for the use of indi-
viduals. For that, money so deposited gold
certificates are issued. It is not the money of
the Government; but to facilitate transactions
in gold that money is deposited there and cer-
tificates are issued, and they are counted as
gold. _ It does not belong to the Treasury, be-
cause it belongs to private individuals, and is
liable to he called for at any moment. The
balance of gold in the Treasury is only $77,-
801,1)23.
The Senator from Maine made a remark
which I thought probably might, mislead, al-
though unintentionally soon his part, and that
is, that this money could not be applied in the
ordinary course of business of the Treasury
Department to the payment of the debt. Under
the law the Secretary of the Treasury has the
undoubted power, and he has been exercising
that power for months, to buy up and buy in
the compound-interest notes, and the most of
those notes that have been bought in before
they were due were bought under the authority
given by law. During the recent stringency in
the money market in New York some twenty
million dollars, if I remember the amount
correctly, at any rate many millions, of com-
pound-interest notes were taken up at par and
theaccrned interest, because currency was sud-
denly demanded ; there was a pressure for cur-
rency, and the bankers and other persons who
held compound-interest notes called for the
money, and in pursuance of an order of the
Secretary of tho Treasury I think about twenty
million dollars were paid out to the holders of
compound-interest notes. This could bedone
now.
But the question arises, whether it would be
wise in the present condition of our money
affairs to reduce the balance of gold in the
Treasury. That is a rather serious question.
I doubt myself whether it would be wise to
reduce the volume of gold in the Treasury. I
have shown already that the amount of cur-
rency is not very large, not more than one
month's income from internal revenue, and
that that balance is necessary to carry on the
operations of the Treasury. No bank would
be considered safe that did not keep at least
about one third of its aggregate indebtedness
in currency. The national banks are required
by the law creating them to keep two fifths
and in some eases one half of the full amount
of their deposits and circulation on hand all
tho timo in legal-tender currency. The Gov-
ernment of the United States is paying out
annually $300,000,000, collected from internal
revenue, and tho balance now on hand subject
to these calls is less than $80,000,000. Cer-
tainly that is not too large a balance. Sena-
tors ought not to use language which may lead
the public at largo to think the Secretary of
tho Treasury is l'or somo improper purpose
holding largo sums of money, when tho actual
balance in hand is probably not more than
enough to carry on the operations of the Treas-
ury.
As to whether ho ought to sell tho gold and
pay off' tho compound-interest notes before
they become due, that is a very doubtful ques-
tion, indeed. It is necessary to keep a very
large balance of gold on hand in anticipation
of a falling off of the revenue. Every com-
mercial man anticipates that, during the next
six or eight months, there will be a consider-
able falling oil' in the gold revenue on account
of tho largo importations which have been
heretofore made, and lie has got to provide for
tho contingency of a falling off of the gold
revenue. Perhaps $77,000,000 is too much.
We at the last session provided that $(>0,000,000
of gold should be kept on hand, and all above
that should be sold. If.tlic Senator then was of
the opinion that tho balanec «ould be reduced
to less than $00,000,000 he certainly ought to
have mado his opinion known, but we heard
no complaint at that time. It was then believed
to be necessary always to keep on hand a half
year's supply of gold in order to pay the inter-
est on the public debt, and I believe that is
little enough to be kept on hand. It is true
the Government loses the interest on the gold,
but it must lose that in order to avoid a pos-
sible contingency of the falling off of the gold
revenue, so as to be prepared, at all events, to
pay the interest on the public debt.
In regard to tho gold bill which passed the
other day in the House of Representatives, I
was perfectly willing, as my friend from Maine
knows, to voto for that bill, not because I
thought it had any virtue, or that it could do
any good, but simply because it could do no
harm, and it might satisfy the public mind. The
committee thought best to report against it, and
I have no complaint to make. But what was
that bill ? That bill did not require the selling
of a dollar of gold. If that bill had required
the sale of a portion of this gold it would have
had some operation. That bill simply provided
that in case tho Secretary of the Treasury did
sell gold ho should sell it in a particular way;
that lie should advertise six days and give public
notice in the newspapers in New York that on a
certain day he intended to sell some millions
of dollars in gold. It did not compel him to
sell gold or to apply gold in the payment or
purchase of the debt, but simply provided that
in case he did sell the gold he should sell it by
public auction.-
The objection to that bill was that when lie
gave six days' notice that at a certain time he
would sell a million or two million dollars of
gold the result would be that a combination
would be made among the gold brokers sud-
denly to roduee the price, and then tho very
moment it was sold they would raise the price
until he was compelled to sell again.
Another objection that was urged very
strongly to the House bill, about the defeat of
which the Senator complains, is that it did not
provide for the sale of this gold—did not eon-
template its sale. On the contrary, the House
voted down a proposition which required the
Secretary of the Treasury to sell the gold.
The House refused to take upon itsolf the
responsibility of compelling the sale of gold.
It seems to me that under these circum-
stances there Is no just ground of complaint;
but this matter has been lugged into the de-
bate and the public mind is peculiarly sensi-
tive to everything that affects our finances, be-
cause there is a stringency iti the money mar-
ket and times are somewhat hard all over tho
country.
The Senator has drawn in a proposition
which is not yet pending before the Senate, and
which, I think, he ought not to have anticipated
the discussion of, and that is the proposition,
which has beeu mentioned in the papers, to
give authority to issue $100,000,000 of four
per cent, certificates. Let me ask the Sena-
tor from Illinois how the Secretary of tho
Treasury can pay the compound-interest notes
which mature from May till December? How
would you do it? Would you borrow money
at six per cent, interest in gold to do it ? The
Senator perhaps will say that he would take
tho money on hand. I have shown that the
currency on hand is not available for that pur-
pose, becausc to carry on the operations of tho
Treasury the Secretary must have at least the
amount of one month's ordinary receipts and
expenditures on hand.
Would you sell gold in order to pay the com-
pound-interest notes, and if so to what extent?
You could not sell more than twenty or thirty
millions; nobody proposes such a thing, because
according to the judgment of all men you must
keep four or five or six months supply on hand
in order to meet the contingency of a falling
off of gold revenue. How would you pay the
compound-interest notes as they mature ? You
have got to provide for them. There is only
one way of providing for them, either by the
issue of greenbacks, which is an inflation of tho
currency to a large extent, or by tho issue of a
five-twenty gold-bearing interest bond, or by
the issue of some other form of security. You
have not got the money to pay them in any
other way. It is a simple proposition, that you
have got to resort to some mode of that kind
unless you have got tho money on hand to pay
them. You mast borrow the money, and bor-
row it on the most favorable terms possible.
I think I have said enough to prevent tho
remarks of the Senator from Illinois making
an undue impression upon the public mind, to
the effect that a large amount of money is held
here idle uselessly while we are borrowing and
paying large sntns in the way of interest for
money. It seems to me that complaint can-
not fairly ho made, that at all events the ex-
igencies of the Treasury will require at least
the present amount o( currency to be kept
always on hand. The amount, I believe, is as
low as it has been for a long time, I cannot
say how long, because I do not like to speak
positively without the figures before me; but
at least a month's income and expenditure
should bo kept on hand in currency subject to
order at any moment; and it must be remem-
bered, too, that the Treasury is now paying
out a very large sum for bounties, an unfore-
seen and extraordinary expenditure. Some
money must be kept on hand to meet the
bounties. All these payments are made by
drafts; and it is often the case that the amount
on hand, as shown by the tables, is larger than
the real balance, because of outstanding drafts
not yet presented for payment and not de-
ducted from the cash on hand.
There are many reasons, then, why the cur-
rency balance cannot be materially lessened,
and I have already stated why the gold balance
cannot bo materially lessened, and why it is
necessary to keep at least fifty or sixty million
