2m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
whole amount of the said compound-interest
notes being- $159,012,140.
Wow, sir, is it surprising we should'find upon
fttfr tables a bill askingus,in addition to all this,
that the national banks in Ohio; Indiana, Illi-
nois, and throughout the West, Northwest, and
South, must organize a sedeeming agency in the
city of New York 1 They ^frill then get all our
money there; every bit of it.
: There is another proposition in that bill I
will speak of before I-get through. But now
about this4hing of having a redeeming agency
in New York. Some of us in the West have
had sad experience in regard to that matter,
- You remember, sir, once upon a time there
existed an institution called the Ohio Life In-
surance and Trust Company. The main office
of'that company was in Ohio, but the principal
office for redemption was located in the city of
New York, where the bulls and bears do con-
gregate, to say nothing of any other species of
animals. It so happened that the men who
•had the management of this redemption agency
in New York applied all the funds to purposes
outside of the legitimate object of the organi-
zation, and when the crash came in 1857 down
went the Life and Trust Company. Now, I say
that in my judgment it would be infinitely
better, if we are to have an institution of that
kind, to locate it out West somewhere, in some
of our little towns, where men do not congre-
gate in such masses; and perhaps it would
not be amiss to locate that redeeming agency
in my own little town of Jackson. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman will
allow me, Mind in my mail a petition of some
of my constituents which seems germane to
the subject he is discussing, and if he does not
object I would like to have it read.
Mr. BUNDY. Not at all; every injection
of that sort helps my speech. [Laughter.]
The Clerk read as follows:
To the Senateand House of Representatives of the United
States in Congress assembled :
Your petitioners, the undersigned, citizens of Ben-
ton, in the eounty of Polk, in the State of Tennessee,
respectfully pray:
1. That your honorable body will refrain from the
passage of any act authorizing the curtailment of
the national curreney, or having in view the return,
■Within a limited time, to specie payments. They
respectfully represent that the further reduction
of the volume of curreney at present would prove
highly injurious to the banking, manufacturing, and
mercantile interests of the country, and would entail
suffering upon nearly every member of the commu-
nity ; and they express the opinion that, if such cur-
rency shall now be contracted, we are near to the
time when the lawful obligations of citizens cannot
be met; when the demands of the national Govern-
ment, together with the heavy taxes levied by our
State and municipal authorities, cannot be paid;
and when many of our good citizens shall have to
submit to a confiscation of their hard-earned prop-
erty.
2. Your petitioners further pray that your honor-
able body will refrain from the enactment of any
law compelling all national banks, wherever located,
to redeem their notes in New York, or prohibiting
national banks from paying or receiving interest on
bank balances.
And your petitioners respectfully submit, that any
law compelling all national banks to redeem their
circulating notes in New York wonlil prove onerous
to them, injurious to the business men of their local-
ity, and would ignore the just claims of other sec-
tions of the country.
And your petitioners further show, that as the
business of nearly every bank in the United States
requires it to keep deposits at one of the national
banks located in New York, any law prohibiting the
receipt or payment of interest upon balanoes by such
banks would operate harshly upon all liko institu-
tions located out of that city, and would render
wholly unproductive a considerable proportion of
their capital.
' And your petitioners will ever pray, &c.
Mr. MAYNARD. A letter explanatory of
the petitioners' views accompanies it, which I
offer.
The Clerk read as follows:
Benton, Tennessee, January S, 1867.
Sir; By last mail a portion of the citizens sent a
petition addressed to you asking Congress to retrain
from passing any act curtailing the national cur-
rency, or to require the national banks to redeem
their notes in tbe city of New York, or to prohibit
national banks from paying interest on bank bal-
ances ; all of which I hope will meet with your ap-
probation, as any laws looking to a reduction of the
currency and an early resumption of specie payments
at a timo when we havesuch heavy taxes (both Stato
and national) to pay, would prove highly injurious to
all classes of business.
Calling attention to the petition referred to, X' ant,
respectfully, yours, &c.
Hon. H. Maynard.
Mr. WENT WORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to interrupt him?
Mr. BUNDY. Yes, sir.
Mr. WENTWORTH. While that petition
was being read I looked over one of eight or
ten of the same kind that I have, and I now
send it to the Clerk's desk to be read, for the
purpose of showing where these petitions come
from. Every member, I presume, has a hand-
ful of them:
Office op the Merchants' Union Law Company,
American Exchange Bank Bdildinq,
No. 128 Broadway, New York, December 21,1866.
Dear Sir : Several of the parties connected with
the Merchants' Union Law Company, having been
retained by some of the national banks and others
interested to oppose measures pending in Congress
for the further curtailment of the currency, for com-
pelling all such banks to redeem their issues in New
York, and for prohibiting them from receiving or
paying interest on bank balances, in view of the im-
portance of the questions involved, concert of action
in the matter has been determined upon. Eminent
counsel have been retained at Washinaton and else-
where to prepare and present arguments against each
of these measures, and in favor of an enlargement
rather than contraction of the volume of the cur-
rency; and such other measures have been taken as
were deemed proper to inform Congress of the wishes
and interests of the whole community upon these
subjects.
Copies of the blank petitions, which have been
transmitted throughout the Union, have also been
forwarded to you; and, after procuring the signatures
of your most influential citizens thereto, you are re-
spectfully requested to inclose the same toyour Con-
gressional Representative, or to some other member at
Washington with whom you are acquainted. Much
good may also arise from communicating your wishes
by letter to your acquaintances in Congress.
Additional blankpetitions, in any number desired,
with printed arguments, in pamphlet form, by some of
the most eminent counsel in the country, favoring
these views, will be forwarded to you free of charge
upon application to this office.
if you approve of the efforts thus made and to be
continued in this direction, you are respectfully so-
licited to contribute to the expenses of the same by
transmitting to this office such retainer in the matter
as you shall deem proper—say one tenth of one mill
on each dollar of your capital, being in the propor-
tion of ten dollars on each $100,000 of such capital; it
being understood, of course, that you incur no addi-
tional obligation by so doing.
Yours, &c„ JOHN LIVINGSTON,
Secretary, &c.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WENTWORTH moved that the time
of the gentleman be extended.
No objection being made, the time was ac-
cordingly extended.
Mr. BUNDY. I understand very well the
scope and effect of that letter, and am not sur-
prised at the source whence it emanates and
the medium for its introduction into this House.
My friend from Illinois resides in a large city
of the West, which is abundantly supplied with
banking facilities.
Mr. WENTWORTH. With the gen%man's
permission I would like to say a word' in an-
swer to a remark of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Keli/ey] on the subject of na-
tional banks. I will assure that gentleman that
for every bank that fails I can get men in my
district alone to start another. We are not
afraid of these national bank failures, as their
bills are secured ; and there are bonds enough
in the country in the hands of willing capitalists
to start a dozen for every one that fails.
Mr. BUNDY. Yes, sir. I understand
something about banking at Chicago. Bank-
ing facilities are very easily obtained there, to
say the least of it; lout there is one condition-
precedent, I believe, to the discount of any
business paper, and that is that the applicant
must leave some additional sum of money,
beside the proceeds of the discounted paper,
on deposit until the paper matures. [Laugh-
ter. ] Of course they do not want any increase
of banking facilities there. But, Mr. Speaker,
that paper is but the forerunner of coming
financial events if this state of things in refer-
ence to the currency continues; and it should
be regarded as a note of warning to the whole
country, and its effect should not be lost upon
the members of this House.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I desire, with
thegentleman'spermission, to say, in reference
to the representations made by my colleague,
that I lipid in my possession' petitions from
numerous and very respectable men of busi-
ness in Chicago, who dissent from the views
presented by my colleague, [Mr. Wentworth.]
The petitions are headed by such names as
Solomon Sturgeon & Son, Amos T. Hall, and
many others; so that, although my colleague
is.from Chicago, it seems there are two senti-
ments prevailing there on this question.
Mr- WENTWORTH. Allow me to say that
I have expressed no sentiment; I only sent up
the paper to be read in order to get the origin
of these petitions before the country.
Mr. BUNDY. Mr. Speaker, I begin to think
there is a conspiracy here, knowing that I
am a modest man, to embarrass my speech.
[Laughter.] Now, I do not know where I
was. [Laughter.] I was about saying—yes,
I did say, that by a law of Congress there was
such a heavy tax imposed upon State banks
that it is impossible for institutions of that
kind to exist, and therefore the only circu-
lating medium that we have or can have in the
future, if this state of things is permitted to go
on, will be that furnished by these national
banks. I said they had no interest. It is
true, they may have a conflicting interest.
They may have no interest and no sympathy
with my views; but they have an interest in
this special, "strait-jacket" legislation, which
confines the entire facilities for furnishing a
circulating medium to them. It is natural that
it should be so. I have no objection to that on
their part. They want to make as much money
out of their money as they can. That is their
side of the question.
Now, Mr. Speaker, with regard to the pro-
cesses and the manner in which they are to be
accelerated for the reduction of the currency,
I have said that these Eastern banks, acting
on the suggestion of their own interests, as a
matter of course, would favor nothing that
looked to an increase of the capital of the
banks, or a redistribution of it. I am opposed,
for one, to any legislation upon the subject.
If I should favor any legislation at all it would
be a reapportioning of this bank capital to the
States and Territories in proportion to the
people resident there, or to the wants of th«
country, as might be determined after investi-
gation.
In looking further into the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, I find that eight
States, including the seven first mentioned and
Pennsylvania, have a circulation on author-
ized capital of $310,459,000, leaving the other
twenty-eight States and Territories only one
hundred and six million odd dollars; or, in
other words, that those eight States have two
thirds of the entire authorized banking capital
under this law; and therefore it is not remark-
able that they should feel an interest in per-
petuating this state of things as far as they can,
and making it as profitable as possible.
Let me refer to the section of this bill, which
has been read, amending section thirty-two of
the law. I read the proviso:
"Provided, That compound-interest notes shall
not be included in the lawful money of the United
States required in any association by tho provisions
of the preceding section."
What is the practice of all these banks now?
For their reserve they put away the compound-
interest notes, and that being the case, it keeps
afloat legal tenders to a corresponding extent,
because the law requires that such a per cent,
of their capital shall be placed as a reserve, and
it must be ''lawful money;" and the word
''lawful" is held to mean those interest-bear-
ing notes. Instead of holding as a reserve this
vast sum in legal-tender, non-interest-bearing
notes, they now hold compound-interest notes.
By the proviso in this bill the committee, no
doubt acting in harmony with the desires and
suggestions of the Secretary, propose to force
all the national banks, to discard and surrender
the compound-interest notes now held as a
reserve, and substitute therefor the United States
non-interesl-bearing legal tenders. This would
facilitate, to the extent of such substitution,
the reduction of the curreney.
