1738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
alienating the affections of your allies, and
promoting the spirit of discord, must the tardy,
tedious, desultory road, by way of impeach-
ment, be traveled to overtake the man who,
barely confining himself within the letter of the
law, is employed in drawing off the vital prin-
ciple ofthe Government?" '1 he nature of things,
the great objects of society, the express objects
of the Constitution itself require that this thing
should be otherwise. To unite the Senate with
the President ''in the exercise of the power,"
it was said, "would involve us" in the most
serious difficulty. "Suppose a discovery of
any of these events should take place when the
Senate is not in session, how is the reme'dy to
be applied? The evil could be avoided in no
other way than by the Senate sitting always."
In regard to the danger of the power being
abused if exercised by one man, it was said
"that the danger is aa great with respect to
the Senate, who are assembled from various
parts of the continent, with different impres-
sions and opinions;" that such a body is more
likely to misuse the power of removal than the
man whom the united voice of America calls
to the presidential chair. As the nature of
Government requires the power of removal, it
was maintained "that it should be exercised
in this way by the hand capable of exerting
itself with effect, and the power must be con-
ferred on the President by the Constitution as
the executive officer of the Government."
Mr. Madison, whose adverse opinion in the
Federalist had been relied upon by those who
denied the exclusive power, now participated
in the debate. He declared that he had re-
viewed his former opinions, and he summed
up the whole case as follows:
"The Constitution affirms that the executive power
is vested in the President. Are there exceptions to
this proposition? Yes, there are. The Constitution
says that in appointing to office the Senate shall be
associated with tho President, unless in the case of
inferior officers, when the law shall otherwise direct.
Havo we (that is. Congress) a right to oxtend this
exception? I believe not. If the Constitution has
invested all executive powerin the President, I return
to assert that the Legislature hasno rightto diminish
or modify his executive authority. The question now
resolves itself into this: is the power of displacing an
executive power? I conceive that if any power
whatever is in the Executive, it is in the power of
appointing, overseeing, and controlling those who
execute the laws. If the Constitution had not quali-
fied the power of the President in appointing to
office by associating the Senate with him in that busi-
ness, would it not be clear that he would havo the
right by virtue of his executive power to make such
appointment? Should we be authorized, in defiance
of that clause in the Constitution—'the executive
power shall be vested in the President'—to unite the
Senate with the President in the appointment to
office? I conceive not. It is admitted that we should
not be authorized to do this, I think it may be dis-
puted whether we have a right to associate them in
removing persons from office, the one power being as
much of ail executive nature as the other; and the
first is authorized by being excepted out of the gen-
eral rule established by the Constitution in these
words: 'The executive power shall be vested in the
President.'"
The question thus ably and exhaustively
argued was decided by the House of Repre-
sentatives, by a vote of 34 to 20, in favor of
the principle that the executive power of re-
moval is vested by the Constitution in the
Executive, and in the Senate by the casting
vote of the Vice President. The question
has often been raised in subsequent times
of high excitement, and the practice of the
Government has nevertheless conformed in all
cases to the decision thus early made.
The question was revived during the Admin-
istration of President Jackscm, who made, as
is well recollected, a very large number of re-
movals, which were made an occasion of close
and rigorous scrutiny and remonstrance. The
subject was long and earnestly debated in the
Senate, and the early construction of the Con-
stitution was nevertheless freely accepted as
binding and conclusive upon Congress.
The question came before the Supreme Court
of the United States in January, 1839, ex parte
Herren. It was declared by the court on that
occasion that the power of removal from office
was a subject much disputed, and upon which
a great diversity of opinion was entertained in
the early history of the Government. This
related, however, to the power of the President
to remove officers appointed with the concur-
rence of the Senate, and the great question was
whether the removal was to be by the President
alone or with the concurrence of the Senate,
both constituting the appointing power. No
one denied the power of the President and
Senate jointly to remove where the tenure of
the office was not fixed by the Constitution,
which was a full recognition of the principle
that the power of removal was incident to the
power of appointment; but it was very early
adopted as a practical construction of the Con-
stitution that this power was vested in the
President alone, and such would appear to
have been the legislative construction of the
Constitution, for in the organization of the
three great Departments of State, War, and
Treasury, in 1789, provision was made for the
appointment of a subordinate officer by the
head of the Department, who should have charge
of the records, books, and papers appertaining
to the office when the head of the Department
should be removed from office by the President
of the United States. When the Navy Depart-
ment was established, in the year 1798, pro-
vision was made for the charge and custody of
the books, records, and documents of the De-
partment in case of vacancy in the office of
Secretary, by removal or otherwise. It is not
here said "by removal of the President," as it
is done with respect to the heads of the other
Departments; yet there can be no doubt that he
holds his office with the same tenure as the
other Secretaries, and is removable by the
President. The change of phraseology arose
probably from its having become the settled
and well-understood construction of the Con-
stitution that the power of removal was vested
in the President alone in such cases, although
the appointment of the officer is by the Presi-
dent and Senate. (13 Peters, page 139.)
Our most distinguished and accepted com-
mentators upon the Constitution concur in the
construction thus early given by Congress, and
thus sanctioned by the Supreme Court. After
a full analysis of the congressional debate to
which I have referred, Mr. Justice Story comes
to this conclusion :
"After a most animated discussion, tho vote finally
taken in tho House ofltepresentativeswas affirmative
of the power of removal in the President without any
cooperation of the Senate, by the vote of 3-1 members
against 20. In the Senate theclausein the bill affirm-
ing the power was carried by the casting vote of the
Vice President. That the final decision of this ques-
tion so made was greatly influenced by the exalted
character of the President then in office was asserted
at the time, and has always been believed; yet the
doctrine was opposed as well as supported by the
highest talent and patriotism of the country. The
public have acquiesced in this decision, and it consti-
tutes perhaps the most extraordinary casein the his-
tory of the Government of a power conferred by
implication on the Executive by the assent of a bare
majority of Congress which has not been questioned
on many other occasions."
The commentatof adds:
"Nor is this general acquiescence and silence with-
out a satisfactory explanation."
Chancellor Kent's remarks on the subject
are as follows: " On the first organization of
the Government it was made a question whether
the power of removal in case of officers ap-
pointed to hold at pleasure resided nowhere
but in the body which appointed," and of
course whether the consent of the Senate was
not requisite to remove. This was the con-
struction given to the Constitution while it was
pending for ratification before the State con-
ventions by the author of the Federalist. But
the construction which was given to the Con-
stitution by Congress after great consideration
and discussion was different. The words of the
act (establishing the Treasury Department) are,
"and whenever the same shall be removed
from office by the President of the United
States, or in any case of vacancy in the office,
the assistant shall act." This amounted to a
legislative construction of the Constitution, and
it has ever since been acquiesced in and acted
upon as a decisive authority in the case.
It applies equally to every other officer of
the Government appointed by the President
whose term of duration is not specially declared.
It is supported by the weighty reason that the
subordinate officers in the executive depart-
ment ought to hold at the pleasure of the head
of the department, because he is invested gen-
erally with the executive authority, and the
participation in that authority by the Senate
was an exception to a general principle, and
ought to be taken strictly. The President is
the great responsible officer for the execution
ofthe law, and the power of remo?£,l was inci-
dental to that duty, and might often be requi-
site to fulfill it. Thus has the important ques-
tion 'presented by this bill been settled, in tho
language of the late Daniel Webster, (who,
while dissenting from it, admitted that it was
settled,) by construction, settled by the prac-
tice of the Government, and settled by statute.
The events of the last war furnished a practi-
cal confirmation of the wisdom of the Consti-
tution as it has hitherto been maintained in
many of its parts, including that which is now
the subject of consideration. When the war
broke out rebel enemies, traitors, abettors, and
sympathizers were found in every department
ofthe Government, as well in the civil service
as in the land and naval military service. They
were found in Congress and among the keepers
of the Capitol, in foreign missions, in each and
all of the Executive Departments, in the judi-
cial service, in the Post Office, and among the
agents for conducting Indian affairs, and upon
probable suspicion they "were promptly dis-
placed by my predecessor, so far as they held
their offices under executive authority, and
their duties were confided to new and loyal
successors. No complaints against that power
or doubts of its wisdom were entertained in
any quarter. I sincerely trust and believe that
no such civil war is likely to occur again. I
cannot doubt, however, that in whatever form
and on whatever occasion sedition can rise,
an effort to hinder or embarrass or defeat the
legitimate action of this Government, whether
by preventing the collection of revenue or dis-
turbing the public peace, or separating the
States or betraying the country to a fore ign
enemy, the power of removal from office by
the Executive, as it has heretofore existed and
been practiced, will be found indispensable.
Under these circumstances,, as a depository of
the executive authority of the nation, I do not
feel at liberty to unite with Congress in revers-
ing it by giving my approval of the bill.
At the early day when the question was
settled, and indeed at the several periods when
it has subsequently been agitated, the success
of the Constitution of the United States as a
new and peculiar system of free representative
government, was held doubtful in other coun-
tries, and was even a subject of patriotic appre-
hension among the American people them-
selves. A trial of nearly eighty years, through
the vicissitudes of foreign conflicts and of civil
war, is confidently regarded as having extin-
guished all such doubts and apprehensions for
the future. During that eighty years the peo-
ple of the United States have enjoyed a meas-
ure of security, peace, prosperity, and happi-
ness never surpassed by any nation. It cannot
be doubted that the triumphant success of the
Constitution is due to the wonderful wisdom
with which the functions of government were
distributed between the three principal depart-
ments—the legislative, the executive, and the
judicial—and to the fidelity with which each
has confined itself or been confined by the gen-
eral voice of the nation within its peculiar and
proper sphere.
While a just, proper, and watchful jealousy
of executive power constantly prevails, as it
ought ever to prevail, yet it is equally true
that an efficient Executive, capable, in the lan-
guage of the oath prescribed to the President,
of executing the laws within the sphere of
executive action, of preserving, protecting, and
defending the Constitution of the United States,
is an indispensable security for tranquillity at
home, and peace, honor, and safety abroad.
Governments have been erected in many coun-
tries upon our model. If one or many of them
have thus far failed in fully securing to their
people the benefits which we have derived from
