1062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
considering just one question, and that ques-
tion was made mainly upon the argument of
the Senator from Massachusetts, based upon
an anonymous letter, that the Secretary of the
Treasury was not to be trusted with the discre-
tionary control of $50,000 of money. That was
the question. In connection with that ques-
tion the Senator from Illinois went into a dis-
cussion of the condition of the Treasury,
especially with regard to the accumulation of
money in the Treasury. Now, if it had no
connection with the Secretary of the Treasury' s
management of the affairs of his Department,
what logical connection had it with the business
before the Senate ?
Mr. TBCJMBULL. Mr. President, I sup-
pose it will be no part of my business to under-
take to furnish to the Senator from Indiana
the understanding of my remarks; but I regret
that that astute Senator does not see the differ-
ence between the discussion of a general prin-
ciple and its application to a particular indi-
vidual. If I were to rise in tho Senate to-day
and denounce despotism, do I thereby charge
despotism upon every officer in this Govern-
ment? Suppose I say in my place, as I did
to-day, that it is dangerous to have such a
largo amount of money in the hands of any
man—that was my language; I did not say of
the present Secretary particularly; I said of
any man; and I wish to ask tho Senator from
Indiana if ho will have tho candor to answer
it, if he does pot regard it as dangerous to
the liberties of any people to have placed in
any man's hands $170,000,000 of money or
$140,000,000 of money to remain there per-
manently where lie lias the power to dispose
of it?
Mr, HENDRICKS. Does (he Senator wish
a reply now?
Mr. rkLIMIiirLL. The Sonalor may reply
now or at any oilier time, as lie pleases.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, if exist-
ing laws will allow the Secretary of tho Treas-
ury to use tlie money for any improper pur-
pose, then t should say that the locking up of
that amount of money in tho Treasury under
his control would be dangerous to the liberties
of tho country ; but when I consider tho fact,
thai, (lie .Secretary of llie Treasury cannot take
from the Treasury one single dollar except in
pursuance of law, (hat he has no more control
of it than any one Senator, as has been stated
by the distinguished chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance, I am not able to see that the
Secretary's control of that money is dangerous
to the country.
In the discussion upon the tariff bill I felt it
to be my duty to call tho attention of the Sen-
ate to the fact that there had accumulated, as
1 then stated, $!),'!,000,000 of gold in the Treas-
ury, and therefore I objected to legislation
which was likely to incrcaso the amount in tho
Treasury from foreign importations. That was
the argument I presented. 1 thought the fact
that there had been such an accumulation was
for the consideration of tho legislative de-
partment of the Government. The Senator,
when that bill was up, did not feci it to be his
duty to make use ol this fact with a view to
influence legislation. But this morning, when
we are considering tho conduct of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury in tho management of a
fund at his discretion, the distinguished Sena-
tor brings this subject up.
Now, I do not believe myself that even tho
Congress is so very responsible about this mat-
ter. It seems to me to be very difficult for tho
wisest men of the coutitry to anticipate the
amount of money that will be brought into the
Treasury by a particular law. Under the
present law year before last tho receipts of
gold were 8bM,000,000, and this last year
$170,000,000. I will not say that the distin-
guished gentlemen connected with the Finance
Committee are responsible for this. A law
"that one year brings into the Treasury but
$84,000,000 and another year brings in $170,-
000;000 produces a result that could not be
anticipated; and I will not say that those Sen-
ators who were instrumental in securing the
passage of that law are in fault that the law
brings in too much. But now, that we do
know it, there are two questions: first, what is
the duty of Congress? I think the duty of
Congress is to change the law so as to reduce
the amount that shall be brought into the
Treasury; and if the Senator can answer the
question which I suggested to him a little bit
ago, what does he want, under existing laws,
the Secretary of the Treasury to do with the
$97,000,000 of gold, it will be a satisfaction to
the business community.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not quite agree
with the Senator from Indiana that it is safe to
lodge unnecessary power in any man's hands,
oven though you have a law to regulate it. I
believe it to be dangerous to the liberties of
any people to put their whole keeping and the
power over them in the hands of any man or
set of men, though there may be a law to regu-
late his or their conduct. Men may be found
who will disregard the law. Most despotisms
have been established because there has been
power in tho hands of the men who established
them, vested legally there at the commence-
ment, which they have used illegally for tho
purpose of establishing tho despotism.
But the Senator from Indiana can see no
sort of danger in vesting any amount of money
and all power in the hands of a single person,
provided you have a law that declares he shall
not use that power except in a given way.
Sir, I do not agree with him, and he rises in
his place here and rebukes mo, administers
to me a rebuke in tho Senate because 1 object
to vesting discretionary power unnecessarily
in the hands of any man, though you regulate
it by law. lie rebukes mo for making that
objection unless I am prepared with a financial
scheme to enlighten him and the country as
to how I ho finances of the country are to be
regulated hereafter.
When he rebuked me, as lie attempted to do,
I said to him that I was not prepared to lay
down the precise scheme by which the Treas-
ury should be depleted; but um 1 not to be
permitted in my place here to object to a meas-
ure as an improper one, and to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to it unless (when it is not
ft matter with which I am specially charged) I
can point out to the Senator from Indiana the
precise remedy? Can 1 not speak of an evil
and show that it is an evil, and call the atten-
tion of the Senate and of the country to it, in
order that we may have the benelit of the ac-
tion of tho committee charged with that branch
of the public service, and have the benefit of
the thought of the country in ascertaining what
is best to be done?
Sir I do not understand ray duties hero as
the Senator from Indiana does. 1 think it
was perfectly proper for mo to object to tho
keeping of this largo amount of money in tho
Treasury, and to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to it, although I might not be prepared in
a debate which has sprung up here sit this time
to lay down the precise means of depleting the
Treasury. 1 had stated, and if the Senator
from Indiana had thought proper to listen to
me he could not but have heard that 1 staled
long ago, that 1 would use this money to pay
the debt wo owed. I seo no difficulty in using
the money to pay tho debt. The Senator from
Ohio lias shown you that more than one hun-
dred million dollars of the compound-interest
notes fall due during the current year. The
Senator from New Jersey has told you that we
have already taken up more than a hundred
million dollars that have already fallen due.
What is the difficulty in taking the money
you have got and paying these notes as far as
the surplus will go? I see none. That is one
way. Another way by reducing the taxes. I
think we are collecting too much. 1 hope to
see the internal revenue taxes reduced and
burdens taken off from the people. That will
bo one way of preventing accumulation here-
after; but as wo have got the accumulation, 1
think there are ways enough by which we can
get rid of it, although I do not feel myself called
upon to devisent plan, nor do I consider myself
subject to the censure of the Senator from
Indiana or anybody else when I object to this
accumulation and do not at the same time
present a plan by which to get rid of the accu-
mulation.
So much for the Senator from Indiana. I have
no disposition to prolong this debate. I have
been led into saying much more than I intended
to say. The few remarks which I made in
reference to the amendment which is under
consideration, wore directed to this one point:
the impropriety of vesting discretionary power
in public officers. I know that to some extent
this is unavoidable; hut I think it unwise legis-
lation to vest discretion where it can be avoided;
hence I made tho remarks I did in regard to
this proposition. I do not expect, as at pres-
ent advised, to vote against it, because I under-
stand from those who have this particular matter
in charge that this is necossary and unavoid-
able.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, as an
Indianian the result of this debate is very
gratifying to me. The distinguished Secretary
of the Treasury is a citizen of the State of
Indiana. He and I have never been of the
same political party ; but allow me to say that
he did not come to the Secretaryship of the
Treasury without a well-established reputation ;
a reputation very well known to my colleague
and myself, and I think I may say known to
the whole country. At the head of the State
banking system of our State he so conducted
its affairs as to promote the prosperity of the
people, to promote their commerce, and to
secure to them all tho while a most reliable
currency. Ilo did not come to that Depart-
ment upon any political reputation that is
oftentimes obtained without very high merit,
but ho came there as a representative in some
sense of the business men of this country, and
1 believe to-day that he is entitled to the con-
lidcncc of the business men and the people of
this country.
Mr. President, tho Senator from Illinois has
spoken of the rebuke that I gave liim. What
rebuke, sir? For two hours ho has been ar-
raigning somebody, as I thought, about the
accumulations in the Treasury; exactly who
wc could not tell. Now he says that he felt it
to be, his duty to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the fact that there had been so much
motley accumulated in the Treasury. Is it a
rebuke that when the Senator was discussing
(hat question I asked him a very plain one,
that if ho found fault with this condition of
affairs llow he could get away from it, that I .
asked him the straight question what it was
tho duty of the Secretary of tho Treasury to do
with this $97,000,000 of gol'd? He did not
bring it into the Treasury; he did not enact
the law which brings it there.
All that he can do is to expend money ac-
cording to law ; and expending money accord-
ing to law this day, under existing laws, we
find in the Treasury $97,000,000 of gold—too
much, as 1 think. There would have been some
great value in the Senator's criticism if he had
told us what to do with that gold. I am not
much in favor of going into the New York
market every month or two and selling fifteen
or twenty millions of gold, disturbing the prices
of all the property of the country, thereby
stimulating prices for a few days—a stimula-
tion which is to be followed by a depression a
few days afterward.
What shall wc do, I ask the Senator, with
the gold in tho Treasury? What shall the
Secretary do? Wc are discussing him, the
discretion that we shall allow him, and upon
that question the Senator brings to tho atten-
tion of tho country the present condition of the
Treasury; and I ask him under existing law
what the Secretary of the Treasury shall do
with that money? Ho speaks of the danger to
the liberty of_ the country because there is so
much money in the Treasury. How are we to
avoid that? 1 will a^c the Senator. Shall we
not collect through a tariff and through the
internal taxes enough money to meet the pub-
Re obligations? The Secretary of the Treasury
