298
3ME CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
of industry under the aaspices of a Government
which they regard as their friend financially,
and soon, very: soon, the wastes of the late war
will be repaired; soon, very soon, you will have
productions upon which you can form a basis
for: the resumption of speck payments; soon,
very soon, our people, if left to themselves, will
so manage their, affairs that we shall have uni-
versal prosperity all over the land. Let us have
no spasmodic action. Let us right here say to
the Secretary of the Treasury: '' Thus far and
no farther, shalfr thou go in this matter.'' Let
us declare that the volume of the currency shall
not.be diminished, except so fast as the interest
of the-country may require. Let us say that
no one man on earth, however great or able,
shall be intrusted with the power that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury exercises to-day with
regard to the financial destinies of the country.
I know of but one man on earth who is the
embodiment of sufEcientwisdom and patriotism
to govern arid conduct the affairs of this great
people, and he is so only in Ms own estimation.
In my judgment it is the duty of this Congress
—it is my duty and the duty of every Union man
in this body—to see to it that no harm shall
come to our people because of the management
or mismanagement of our finances by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and that while we can send
to the nations of- the earth greeting that " our
people are free," may we be able in all truth-
fulness to say with equal pride and significance
that "they are prosperous and happy."
Mr. MAYNARD obtained the floor.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Mayjjakd]-yield to me for a
moment?
Mr. MAYNARD. I will if the gentleman
will agree to continue the speech of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Botdy] in the same strain
and with the same ability.
Mr. PRICE. That is asking a great deal of
one man. I will, to the extent of my ability,
continue it in the same strain, but I cannot
promise to do it with the same ability.
I desire to occupy the attention of the House
for a moment, because there may be other
members than those who have spoken who are
under a wrong impression in regard to the law
passed at the last session. When I interrupted
the gentleman from Ohio, who very kindly
yielded me the floor, I did so because I thought
he was under a misapprehension as to the power
conferred on the Secretary of the Treasury by
the law of last session. I know that, unless he
had misapprehended that law, I had; and that
was my reason for asking him the question
which I put to him. I have since obtained a
copy of the law, and I wish to read a few lines
to refresh the memory of members on this sub-
ject. The act of April 12, 1866, entitled "An
act to amend an act entitled 'An act to provide
ways and means to support the Government,' "
approved March 5, 1865, provides—
"That the act entitled 'An act to provide ways and
means to support the Government,' approved March
3,1865, shall be extended and construed to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury, at his discretion, to
receive any Treasury notes'or other obligations issued
under any act of Congress, whether bearing interest
or not, in exchange for any description of bonds
authorized by the act to which this is an amendment;
and also to dispose of any description of bonds author-
ized by said act, either in the United States or else-
where, to such an amount, in such manner, and at
such rates as he may think advisable, for lawful money
of the United States, or tor any Treasury notes, cer-
tificates of indebtedness, or certificates of deposit, or
other renresentatives of value, which have been or
which may be issued under any act of Congress; the
proceeds thereof to be used only for retiring Treasury
notes or other obligations issued under any act of
Congress; but nothing herein contained"—
This is the point to which I wish to call
attention—
" shall be construed to authorize any increaso of
the public debt."
The interest of the public debt, Mr. Speaker,
is as much a part of the public debt, and for
which the people of this Government are as
much bound as the principal. The act then goes
on to say:
" Provided, That of United States notes not more
than $10,000,000 may bo retired and canceled within
six months from the passage of this act, and there-
after not moro than $1,000,000 in any one month."
That is why I introduced the resolution the
other day. I want to know whether they have
been canceled; I want to know whether the
law has been complied with; I want to know
whether the money has been retired according
to law, and what evidence we have of that fact.
That is the reason why I introduced my reso-
lution ; and one of these days, if I live long
enough, I hope to get that resolution up again,
and gentlemen here perhaps will-then see that
such a law has been passed. That is all I have
to say in reference to the law.
Now, it will be seen by the law-that it con-
templates this and nothing more, if I compre-
hend it correctly. It gives the Secretary of
the Treasury power to convert the seven-thir-
ties, that is, he may issue five-twenties for seven-
thirties, because six per cent, is not more than
seven-thirty. That law gives the Secretary of
the Treasury power to retire the compound-
interest notes and to issue bonds bearing alike
amount of interest to give us more time. In
my opinion it authorizes him to do that and
nothing more, and it was with that view I
thought the bill was brought in, although I did
not approve of it at the time of its passage,
because it was held by some members upon this
floor, as I find it held by some still, that the
Secretary had power to do other things. And
in confirmation of that I ask the Clerk to read
half a dozen lines of what I said on that occa-
sion. The gentleman from Ohio will find it
entirely in consonance with what he has said
on this subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
"A very small, almost insignificant, part of our debt
is payable on demand, and the balance runs from
fifteen to forty years, at the expiration of which time
we shall, if republican ideas and principles prevail,
be the richest and most powerful nation on the globe.
The feature of this bill, which provides that the
$150,000,000 of legal-tender notes, which bear no inter-
est, and which are redeemable at no definite time,
may be funded in six per cent, gold-bearing bonds, is
to me so strange and unaccountable that I am aston-
ished to find it presented to the House for considera-
tion. This feature of the bill, if adopted, would in-
volve an additional annual expenditure of $27,000,000
in gold, for which tho people of the country must
necessarily pay an additional tax. Would any pru-
dent and sensible business man, who had given his
note payable at his own option, and without interest,
be likely to take up that note and give another for
the same amount payable at a certain time, with
interest at six per cent., payable semi-annually in
gold ?
" Why, sir, the bare mention of such a transaction
provokes a smile of incredulity, and yet this is pre-
cisely one of the features of this bill. The Govern-
ment owes $450,000,000 on which wo pay no interest,
and which is redeemable whenever it suits the con-
venience of the Government; and yet if this bill be-
comes a law this $450,000,000 may bo funded in bonds
bearing six percent, in gold."
Mr. PRICE. These were the views I held
on the passage of that bill, and 1 hold the same
views now. I think the majority of the House
also held these views when it passed the law
from which I have read, and believed that it
was guarded against this evil. I say now
and here, to the members of the House, as I
said before, when the gentleman from Ohio so
kindly yielded to me, if we have not guarded
against that evil, if we have left the door open
for the increase of the public debt, leaving the
Secretary of the Treasury to do as he pleases,
the sooner we drop all other business and
attend to that the better it will be for the na-
tion. And I hope, without unnecessary delay,
the matter will be investigated and attended to.
We ought to retire the interest-bearing notes;
and when we have retired any amount of them,
in the language of the act I have read, they
ought to be canceled, which, in my opinion,
means they ought to be destroyed, and de-
stroyed by being burned.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, several days
ago, during the consideration of another sub-
ject, I made a statement about a matter affecting
a constituent and personal friend of mine, who
had been arraigned in the State of North Caro-
lina for an offense alleged to have been com-
mitted by him, as an officer, during the war.
In the course of my observations I stated that
I understood this officer had been demanded
as a felon by the Governor of North Carolina
from the Governor of Tennessee. The Gover-
nor of North Carolina, being in the city, cor-
rected me in the matter of his having made any
such demand, and I so stated on a subsequent
occasion in making a personal explanation.
This morning I have received from the Gover-
nor of Tennessee a communication, which I
desire, in connection with my former remarks,
to present to the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
State of Tenne^ee, Executive Department,
Knoxville, December 31,1866.
Hon. H. Maynard : 1 notice in a Washington pa-
per a report of your remarks relative to the case of
Captain Nelson. You gave the case substantially as
the captain and I gave it to you. He was notified of
the finding of a true bill against him in North Caro-
lina, and oftheintentionofGovernorWorthtomako
a requisition upon me. I told the captain to make
himself easy, that I was familiar with all the facts,
that I knew him to have acted under military orders
as a member of General Gillem's staff, and that I
would not surrender him to a rebel mob in North
Carolina.
Governor Worth never made such requisition, and
I attributed his not doing so to the noise made in the
rebel papers, about the .same time, of my prompt
refusal to give up thegallantColonel Smith, upon an
application by Governor Jenkins, of Georgia, for an
indictment for stealing four bales of cotton, which
cotton he had seized as an officer of the Government.
Had I given him up he would have gone to the pen-
itentiary for twenty-one years, not really for stealing
cotton, but for having fought through the war on the
Federal side.
Previous to these occurrences Governor Peirpoint,
of Virginia, addressed me a communication foreshad-
owing his purpose to make a demand upon me for
Hon. It. It. Butler, for a time in the Federal Army, but
now one of our superior court judges. I gave the
Governor such an answer that no further correspond-
ence took place between us on the subject.
I now have before me a demand made upon Major
General Thomas by the sheriff of Gordon county for
Captain Duff, of East Tennessee, a gallant officer, who
served in the Union Army during the war. Captain
Duff was with a party who followed a gang of Geor-
gia horse-thieves into Gordon county, found the Ten-
nessee horse and a Georgia thief on him, and in the
scuffle a Georgian got killed. Although Captain Duff
was not in the fight, a demand was made upon the
commanding general for him, the sheriff expressing
his want of confidence in the civil authorities of
Tennessee.
The Georgia sheriff properly understands me. I will
notsurrender Union officers and soldiers to the horse-
thieves and bushwhackers of the rebel States to be
imprisoned and hung because of their Union senti-
ments. They were persecuted during the rebellion and
driven from their homes, and their families shame-
fully abused; and now it is proposed to keep it up
through the courts of the rebel States, where traitors
preside on the bench and traitors serve as jurors.
There is too much of this thing going on in the rebel
States. It ought to be met by Congress with prompt
and vigorous legislation, and a stop put to all such
persecution. The loyal party in Congress owe it to
the brave officers of the Union Army and the gallant
soldiers who fought under their commands.
I have the honor to be, &c„
W. G. BROWNLOW,
Governor of Tennessee.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not propose at this
time to go into the general subject broached in
that letter. I sought the floor in order to pre-
sent that statement to the House and to the
country. I will remark, however, that there
is no tyranny known to mankind so inexorable
and terrible as judicial tyranny. The most
fearful persecutions that ever the race has been
subjected to have been committed under the
form of legal proceedings.
Two propositions, as law, at this time are
very much pressed in all that region of coun-
try where the rebellion has prevailed. The
first is, that the southern confederacy was the
government de facto of that country until it
was overthrown, and that consequently its
edicts and decrees furnish a legal defense for
all trespasses that were committed under it by
the conspirators and their followers, whether
arraigned for civil or criminal redress. The
other proposition is, that everything done by
the Federal Government for the purpose of
suppressing the rebellion from the time Presi-
dent Lincoln called out seventy-five thousand
militia until the closing act of the war, was
done in contravention of the national Consti-
tution, and was therefore void and a usurpa-
tion, furnishing no protection at all to the
agents of the Government by whom the war
was carried on, whether military or civil.
It is not strange that with these two propo-
sitions declared to be law rebel confiscation
should be held to be valid, while confiscation
by the authority of the United States Govern-
ment should be held to be void and utterly dis-
regarded. The snbjefit is one that Congress
