1867.
THE CO^GRESSKMAL GLOBE.
299
must sooner or later address itself, to. - It will
not, do to leave—I will not say Uniorf men of
the southern country, the men that stood by
the Government during the war-?—but it will
not do to leave your own officers and sol-
diers subject to indictment and, arrest when-
ever business, pleasure, or curiosity may in-
duce them; after five, ten, or fifteen years,
to visit_ that eountiy which was the scene of
their military exploits. It is a matter that must
be provided for, so that men who, under the
flag of their "country, maintained its honor on
the southern battle-field and in camp, shall
not be subjected to annoyance. It is true
at the present moment your citizens are not
likely to be annoyed as are those of the south-
ern States who went into the Army and sup-
ported the national flag; but leave them to
suffer, give them no redress, and believe me
the time will soon come when 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ Will my
friend allow me to interrupt him ?
Mr. MAYNARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman speaks of '"your" citizens, addressing
himself, as I suppose, to citizens of other States,
including, of course, theState which I have the
honor in part to represent.
Mr. MAYNARD. Yes, sir; I mean the
States outside.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to state to my friend that northern citizens are
not exe&pt from outrages at the South even now.
I had a most extraordinary case presented to
me last evening by a citizen of my own State,
a member of an Illinois regiment, a man by
the name of Morey, who was early in the Army,
and, on account of his intelligence and capa-
city, was detailed as a detective. After the sur-
render of Vicksburg he was ordered by the
provost marshal of that city to go through the
city and hunt up captured or stolen property
of the United States. He found in the pos-
session of a Jew two Government tents, which,
under the orders of his superior officers, he took
and turned over to the provost marshal. But
when the civil authority, about which we hear
so much, was established, and the military con-
trol was to some extent withdrawn, this soldier
was indicted in the local court at Vicksburg
for robbery, and held to bail in the sum of
$3,000. Fortunately he had character and
means enough to give security; otherwise he
would have been in the jail at that place to-day
or in the penitentiary at Jackson.
When his case came up (and I speak this from
the record which he exhibited to me, certified
by the clerk of the court) the plea was put in
that the act was performed as a soldier acting
under orders of a superior officer, and that he
was protected by the act of Congress; but the
court overruled the plea and held him on the
indictment. Then his lawyer put in an appli-
cation under the law to remove the case to the
district court of the United States; that also the
court overruled. Either by accident or design
this last plea does not appear in the record.
I do not know what existing remedy there
is in the present state of things, under the
recent decision of the Supreme Court, for that
man. He has to choose whether to go back to
Mississippi, where the door of the penitentiary is
yawning for him, or remain at the North, have
his cognizance forfeited, and pay his $3,000.
As to his release by a United States judge on
a habeas corpus, there is great doubt about
his getting the writ allowed, and many think
the Supreme Court will hold an indemnity act
unconstitutional. And, in addition to that, he
told me of another case. The man to whom I
have referred is a constituent of my distin-
guished friend and colleague before me, [Mr.
Iarnsworth,] a Union soldier, who has been
lying for months and months in jail at Vicks-
burg, upon the absurd and false charge that he
had set fire to some buildings at the time when
Vicksburg was besieged; a thing which it was
impossible for him to have done; and even if
he had done it he would not have been amen-
able to any civil tribunal. He says further,
that the condition of every Union man in that
section of the country is absolutely horrible,
and that every northern man and every Union
man is leaving as fast as he can get away.
Sir, the case I have mentioned I presume is
but the type of a very large class, and, as the
gentlemen has said, there is scarcely an officer
or soldier who fought in the Union ranks who
can travel in the States lately in rebellion with-
out subjecting himself to indictment and pun-
ishment. I see no existing adequate remedy
for it. The judges disregard the United States
law and trample it under foot, and there is no
power that I know of to enforce it; and I say
that* this Congress must take prompt and effect-
ive measures to vindicate the rights of these men.
We must have courage and ability and genius
enough to devise something by which the lives
and liberties of these loyal men shall be pro-
tected, and if we have not that courage, if we
have not that ability, if we have not that dispo-
sition, our constituents will require us to leave
our places here that our places may be filled by
men equal to the exigencies of the times in
which we live.
Mr. MAYNARD resumed the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. With the
permission of the gentleman from Tennessee,
I will say that we need not go to Mississippi
for circumstances such as were detailed by the
gentleman from Illinois. In my own districtone
ofthe fivetriedand convicted by a military court
at Indianapolis, whose case has lately been re-
viewed by the Supreme Court, has, within the
last two months, obtained judgments against
the soldiers who arrested him for $25,000 for
false imprisonment. Some powder and caps
were captured at the same time, and ten soldiers
are now under indictment in the State of In-
diana, under heavy bonds, for having taken the
powder and caps from the possession of this
person. This is outside of the rebel States and
in a loyal State.
For my part, I certainly agree with the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washbtjrne,] that
we must take some prompt and decided steps
when the judges in the State of Indiana decide
that our laws are unconstitutional and refuse to
allow these cases to be taken from their courts.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, if the peo-
ple of Indiana are not competent to redress all
such cases as that suggested by the gentleman
[Mr. Washbuex] then I am mistaken in the
estimate that I formed of their character during
a recent brief visit to that State.
For the case mentioned by the gentleman
from Illinois, he says that he knows of no
existing remedy. It used to be told as an
anecdote of General Jackson, illustrative of
his character, that when his Attorney General
on one occasion reported that he could find no
law for doing something that the general had
much at heart, he sent word back to him:
"Tell my Attorney General that if he cannot
find law, I will find an Attorney General who
can find law;" and I think that Jacksonian
view of the case wSl present itself very strongly
to the Union constituencies of each one of us.
Now, it certainly seems to me that when our
fathers framed this Constitution of government
they did not leave things at such loose ends that
there should be no power in the government
to protect a citizen of the United States in the
enjoyment of his rights as such citizen upon the
soil of the United States. It would have been
very remarkable if they had done so.
Mr. NIBLACK. If the gentleman from
Tennessee will allow me, I wish to say that
the difficulty in Indiana, to which my colleague
referred, grew out of a disregard of the rights
of American citizens on the soil of the United
States. That was the trouble. If they had
obeyed the laws and resorted to the courts for
the vindication of the law and the majesty and
power of this Government, if they had not
resorted to illegal military arrests and illegal
military tribunals, there would have been no
difficulty whatever. The difficulty they may
now be involved in grows out of their disre-
gard of the municipal laws of the State of
Indiana.
Mr. MAYNARD. On one occasion Mr.
Clay appeared at the bar, where, with all his
greatness as a statesman and ability as a law-
yer, it wasunderstood that he was not specially
versed in what are called the technicalities of
the law. The judge reminded him that the
state of the law was according to a formula
that he, the judge, laid down. "Very well,"
said Mr. Clay, "may it please your honor, if
that is the law, all I have to say is that it ought
not to be the law.'' And if it is the law in In-
diana that arresting a traitor with arms in his
hands and ammunition in his pocket, ready to
turn loose thousands of the enemies of the
country held as prisoners of war and arm them
and organize them into a hostile army; if this
is an offense, then the laws of Indiana ought to
be changed, and the laws of the United States
ought to be changed.
Mr. NIBLACK. All I have to say is that
if the law is a bad one there is a way of getting
rid of it. But the theory of the conservative
men, as we call ourselves in Indiana, always
has been that while laws are upon the statute-
book they must be enforced. There is a law
of Congress and a law of Indiana that provides
for the arrest and trial in a certain way of any
man guilty of treason or any other crime against
the Government; but these military officers
disregarded that law; they took the matter into
their own hands, and by the exercise of brute
military force they have involved themselves
in this trouble. If there were any traitors in
Indiana they could have been convicted by
the courts at any time. The gentleman assumes
that these men thus arrested were traitors.
That is the issue, an issue that has never yet
been properly tried. The Government has
always declined to appeal to the courts to test
that question; and it is the disregard of the
plain provisions of the laws of Congress and
of the State which has involved those men in
all this trouble.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. With the
permission of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Mayxard, ] I will ask the gentleman from
Indiana if the parties thus arrested and tried
have not now in their possession the pardons
of the President ?
Mr. NIBLACK. To whom does the gentle-
man refer ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. To Milli-
gan and others tried by a military commission
at Indianapolis.
Mr. NIBLACK. I know not how that may
be. But the point I make is this: before men
can be called traitors they ought to be con-
victed of treason ; and there is a way of doing
that provided by the laws of Indiana, but
which was not appealed to by these gentlemen.
Mr. MAYNARD. It will certainly be very
gratifying to the loyal Union people of this
country to hear the gentlemen from Indiana
[Mr. Niblack] saythat there is a way by which
men who are guilty of treason can be tried and
punished, because a great many of them are
fast coming to the conclusion that there is no
means by which treason can be brought to trial
much less punished.
Most of us are aware that from the beginning
of this struggle there has been a school of legal
politics which assumed that every measure taken
by this Government for the suppression of the
rebellion was in violation of the Constitution,
a usurpation, and illegal and void. I need not
refer to the speeches that appear in the debates
of this House and the debates at the other end
of the Capitol. I will mention no names; I
merely state the general fact.
And I will state further, as my opinion and
belief, that if that school of politics was right;
if those opinions shall be established by judi-
cial decisions to have been the law of this land,
then it would have been better to have allowed
our flag to trail irrecoverably in the dust under
the walls of Fort Sumter; to have let this Gov-
ernment go into the limbo of lost and forgotten
things, never more to be heard of; for the Gov-
ernment which does not possess within itself the
power of self-preservation against rebellion,
treason, and insurrection is in fact no Govern-
ment.
