1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1739
our system, it may be confidently asserted that
their misfortune has resulted from their unfor-
tunate failure to maintain the integrity of each
of the three great departments while preserving
harmony among them all.
Having at an early period accepted the Con-
stitution in regard to the executive office in
the sense in which it was interpreted with the
concurrence of its founders, I have found no
sufficient grounds in thearguments now opposed
to that construction or in any assumed neces-
sity of the times for changing those opinions.
For these reasons I return the bill to the Sen-
ate, in which House it originated, for the far-
ther consideration of Congress, which the
Constitution prescribes. Insomuch as the
several parts of the bill which I have not con-
sidered are matters chiefly of detail, and are
based altogether upon the theory of the Con-
stitution from which I am obliged to dissent, I
have not tho'ught it necessary to examine them
with a view to make them an occasion of dis-
tinct and special objections. Experience, I
think, has shown that it is the easiest, as it is
also the most attractive, of studies to frame
constitutions for the self-government of free
States and nations.
But I think experience has equally shown
that it is the most difficult of all political labors
to preserve and maintain such free constitu-
tions of self-government when once happily
established. I know no other way in which
they can be preserved and maintained except
by a constant adherence to them through the
various vicissitudes of national existence, with
such adaptations as may become necessary,
always to be effected, however, through the
agencies and in the forms prescribed in the
original constitutions themselves. Whenever
administration fails or seems to fail in securing
any of the great ends for which republican
government is established, the proper course
seems to be to renew the original spirit and
forms of the Constitution itself.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, March 2, 1867.
The SPEAKER. The question under the
Constitution is: "Will the House, on recon-
sideration, agree to the passage of the bill, the
objections of the President to the contrary not-
withstanding?"
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, this bill and an-
other covering the same subject occupied the
attention of this House for many days and
received a full and thorough discussion. At
this hour of the session it is not of course ex-
pected that it is possible that that discussion
can be renewed. I presume there will be no
disposition on the part of the House, or any
portion of it, to reopen the discussion or to
take any other course upon the bill than to
come at once to the vote provided by the Con-
stitution ; and for' the purpose of obviating
the necessity of all formal motions by way of
the previous question or otherwise, I ask,
unless there are gentlemen who have sug-
gestions to make, which I will listen to if
desired, that by unanimous consent the bill be
put at once upon its passage in the form pre-
scribed by the Constitution.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none. The question is: "Shall
the bill pass, the objections of the President
to the contrary notwithstanding?" The Con-
stitution requires that that question shall be
taken by yeas and nays.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 133, nays 37, not voting 21; as follows:
, ^®£S — Messrs Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker,
Baldwin, Banks. Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Benja-
min. Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell, Brande-
koc, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, Bundy, Reader
\V. Clarke, Sidney Clarke. Cobb, Conkling, Cook,
Cullom, Darling. Davis, Dawes, Defrces, Delano,
Doming, Dixon, DodgeJDonnelly, Dumont, Eckley,
ITMMt/iatAn N Ii'a# itrt1*nelVAw^k r    rt _ .
Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, James H.
Hubbell, Hulburd, Ingefsoll, Jenckes. Julian, Kas-
son, Kolloy. Ketcham, Koonti, Laflin, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch,
Marquette, Marston, Marvin, Maynard, McClurg,
Mclndoe, McKee, McRuer, Mercur, Miller, Moor-
head, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newell,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike,
Plants, Pomcroy, Price, William II. Randall, Ray-
mond, Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice, Rollins,
Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shellabarger, Sloan,
Spalding, Starr, btokes, Thayer, Francis Thomas,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner,
Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wel-
ker, Wentworth, Williams, James F. Wilson, Ste-
phen F. Wilson. Windom, and Woodbridge—133.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Camp-
bell, Chanler, Cooper, Dawson, Eldridge, Finck,
Glossbrenner. Goodyear, Aaron Harding, Hise, Ho-
gan, Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey, Hunter, Jones,
Le Blond, Leftwich, Marshall, McCullough, Niblack,
Nicholson, Radford, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Shanklin,
Sitgreaves, Strouse, Taber, Nelson Taylor, Thornton,
Trimble, Andrew H. Ward, and Winfield—37.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Blow, Culver, Denison,
Driggs, Harris, Dcmas Hubbard, Kelso, Kerr, Kuy-
kendall, Latham. Noell, Phelps. Samuel J. Randall,
Rousseau, Stevens. Stilwell, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
John L. Thomas, ElihuB. Washburne, Whaley, and
Wright—21.
The SPEAKER. Two thirds having voted
in the affirmative, and it having been certified
that the Senate of the United States, after con-
sidering the objections of the President, by a
two-third vote agreed, on reconsideration, to
the passage of the bill, and the House on sim-
| ilar reconsideration having agreed to its passage
| by a similar vote, I do by the authority of the
I Constitution declare that an act regulating the
j tenure of certain civil offices has become a law,
the objections of the President to the contrary
notwithstanding. [Slight applause.]
Mr. HALE. Is a motion to reconsider and
lay on the table necessary?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The vote can-
not be reconsidered.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. KASSON, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported back the amendments
of the Senate to bill of the House No. 1176,
making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending 30th June, 1868.
The Clerk read the first amendment of the
Senate, as follows:
Page 2, after line eleven insert:
For purchase of wharf adjoining the navy-yard at
Charlestown. Massachusetts, $135,000: Provided, That
this sum shall cover the whole cost of the property
and it can be acquired on terms satisfactory to the
Socretary of the Navy.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence in the amendments.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to a question of order.
This amendment makes an appropriation. I
submit that it ia necessary that it shall be first
' considered in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that
unless- the rules be suspended this amend-
ment with the other amendments to this bill
must be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. KASSON. Then I move to suspend
the rules.
Mr. BANKS. I trust the rules will not be
suspended for that purpose.
Mr. KASSON. I know of no other way in
which the necessary appropriations for carry-
ing on the naval Department can be made.
Mr. BANKS. This is not a necessary ap-
propriation. It has been defeated in two
Congresses.
Mr. KASSON. The fate of the whole bill
is involved, and if objection is made to the
consideration of the amendments in thefiouse
I shall move to suspend the rules.
Mr. BANKS. I object.
Mr. KASSON. Then I move to suspend
the rules, so that the amendments may be con-
sidered in the House.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
52, noes 44.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. BANKS. If tne gentleman will waive
this amendment I will not object to the consid-
eration of the others in the House.
Mr. KASSON. I am perfectly willing to
have a separate vote on the question of con-
currence. We must hav« it in fact and we may
as well have it in the House.
If I could see any object in going into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
I should not object. The whole question of
the appropriations necessary for the support of
the Navy is united in this bill, and we can have
a separate vote in the House on this amend-
ment.
Mr. BANKS. I will not waive the point of
order if this appropriation is to be forced upon
the House. It is an unjust appropriation,
unjust to the people of Charlestown, unneces-
sary to the Government, and a waste of money.
Mr. STEVENS. May I say that this objec-
tion may involve the loss of the whole bill.
Mr. BANKS. I would rather that the bill
should be lost than this appropriation should
be made.
Mr. STEVENS.- We can have a separate
vote on this amendment.
Mr, BANKS. I must persist in my objec-
tion if this amendment is to be pressed. If
gentlemen will agree to a non-concurrence in
the amendment I will not insist on the objec-
tion.
Mr. KASSON. We agree that there shall
be a vote on it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if the bill is referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union it will come
up for consideration after the deficiency bill is
disposed of. The deficiency bill is now pend-
ing unfinished in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. KASSON. There is a great deal of
labor to be done by the Clerks in engrossing
the bill, and it is of great importance that it
should be put in hand at an early time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts insists on his objection, and
the amendments of the Senate are referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
TOWNS ON PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. BID WELL. I ask unanimous consent
for the House to take from the Speaker's table
and consider the amendment of the Senate to
the amendment of the House to the bill of the
Senate No. 532, for the relief of the inhabit-
ants of cities and towns upon the public lands.
No objection was made.
The amendment of the Senate to the amend-
ment of the House, was as follows :
Add to the end of the amendment of the House,
as follows:
And provided further. That no title shall be acquired
under the provisions of this act to any mine of gold,
silver, cinnabar, or copper.
Mr. BIDWELL. I move the amendment
of the Senate be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. BIDWELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in ; and also moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House now resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Allison in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being Hoase
bill No. 1227, making appropriations and to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1867, and for other
purposes.
The pending paragraph was the following:
For the purpose of aiding the American ColonUa-
tion Society by furnishing conveyancc and support
to such parties as may desire to emigrate to the re-
public ot Liberia, $50,000.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Davis, to add to the paragraph
the following:
Provided, kowroer, That no portion of thesumhere-
by appropriated shall be expended or drawn from
the Treasury until after the existing laws of the re-
