BOO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
But to return to my friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Washbukne,] who intimates that he ean findno
remedy for the evils I have mentioned. Itstrikes
me that for the case he has specified there is a
very simple remedy. I understand his constit-
uent ' is held under the authority of what as-
sumes to be for the time being the government
<jf Mississippi.
As I understand, the effect of the rebellion-
asserted not only by the President now in
office, but by his predecessor, and by various
acts of Congress—was to deprive the people
of that State of the civil government which
they had before the war, of all civil government,
and it devolves upon the United States to guar-
anty to the people of that State civil govern^
nSient. The Supreme Court more than twenty
years ago declared, as Iunderstand the decision
pronounced by the late Chief Justice, that it is
the office of Congress to execute this guarantee,
and that before Congress can guaranty a repub-
lican form of government in a particular case
it is necessary to examine it and see whether it
is such a one as in its opinion ought to be guar-
antied. If this be a specimen of the govern-
ment of Mississippi, I think we have at our
command a very short method of disposing of
it—setting it aside and establishing another one
that will recognize the rights of citizens of the
United States.'
I will not elaborate these views. I did not
rise for that purpose nor for the purpose of
making a speech, but simply to present the
written statement which has been read. At
some future time if I can have the ear of the
House, I may take occasion to extend these
views somewhat more in detail. But it does
seem to me that we are not driven to any ex-
treme position—anything that will shock the
ordinary sense of the country 5 that we are not
driven to the extreme of regarding these States
as no longer members of the U nion or of regard-
ing them simply as Territories held by right
of conquest. It appears to me that we may
reach a solution of the difficulty by regarding
them simply as States that for the time being
are without civil government, States not in
function, States whose statal powers are in
abeyance, or if I may use an expression of the
President, "in a condition of suspended ani-
mation;" and adopting this view we can go to
work and see that the governments of those
States shall be reorganized on such a basis as
in our judgment is adequate to the exigency
of the times and consistent with the present
state of affairs. This strikes me as a simple
proposition, and one which there is certainly
ability enough in this House, as displayed upon
many other questions, to carry out, and that
without much delay or inconvenience.
Mr. WENTWORTH obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. With the
consent of my colleague [Mr. Wentworth] I
wish to say, that when I stated I knew no ex-
isting remedy in a case I mentioned I did not
mean to be understood as saying that we could
not adopt a remedy. On the other hand, I said
we were bound as representatives of the people
to provide some remedy. There is no existing
remedy. As to. that man confined in jail at
Vicksburg for no offense whatever, I do not
know how he is to be got out in the existing
state of things.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suppose the gentleman
meant to say that there was no remedy for that
man; but we have in our hands the power to
apply a remedy, and if we do not apply it the
fault is with us.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
just what I said.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Mr. Speaker, allud-
ing to some remarks which I made yesterday
with reference to the decision of the Supreme
Court, I find it claimed in some of the papers
that the law of 1863, in the construction of
which the Supreme Court was unanimous,
originated with Mr. Lincoln's Cabinet, and was
taken up in this House and passed by a strict
party vote. On looking at the record upon the
subject, I find that if this House adopted a bill
under the supervision or at the suggestion of
Mr. Lincoln's Cabinet, it must have been a very
short bill which I now send up to be read by the
Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Whereas since thetth dayofMarch, 1861I the Uni-
ted States have been in an insurrectionary and rebel-
lious condition, and the public safety lias reaoired
that the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus should
besuspended; and whereasduringthattimethepriy-
ilege of the said writ has been several times suspended
by the President of the United States, and several
arrests and imprisonments have taken place under
and in consequence thereof; and whereas there is not
entire unanimity of opinion as to which branch of the
Government possesses the constitutional power to
declare such suspension: Therefore,
"Beit enacted, <£c., That a! I such suspensions, arrests,
and imprisonments, ,by whomsoever made or caused
to be made, under theauthority of the said President,
shall be confirmed and made valid; and the said Pres-
ident, Secretaries, heads of Departments, and all per-
sons who have been concerned in making said arrests,
or in doing or advising any such acts as aforesaid, are
hereby indemnified and discharged in respect thereof,
and all indictments, and information, action, suits,
prosecutions, and proceedings whatsoever com-
menced, or to be commenced, against the said Pres-
ident, or any of the persons aforesaid in relation to
the acts and matters aforesaid, or any of them, are
hereby discharged and made void.
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That during the
existence of this rebellion the President shall be, and
is hereby, invested with authority to declare the sus-
pension of the privilege of the writ of habeas'corpus,
at such times and in such places, and with regard to
suoh persons, as in his judgment the public safety may
require."
Mr. WENTWORTH. Now, Mr. Speaker,
if our soldiers have a right to complain of any-
thing in the passage of the law of 1863, it cer-
tainly cannot be of Mr. Lincoln or his Cabinet.
That law originated in this House; it went
from this House to the Senate; the Senate
amended it and added to it very materially;
it came back to this House and.was rejected;
a committee of conference was had, and I see
that it was only passed at the very close of the
session. Mr. Lincoln was compelled to get a
law passed through for a suspension of the
habeas corpus in that shape or to have none at
all. So then the responsibility for the passage
of that law cannot be charged upon' Mr. Lin-
coln or his Cabinet, or upon this House. That
is all I have to say.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, moved that
the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at twenty-five minutes to four o'clock p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under the
rules, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. COBB: The petition of citizens of Rich-
laud Center, Richland county, State of Wisconsin,
for an improvement of water communications be-
tween the Mississippi valley and the Atlantic sea-
board.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of Allan McLean,
Augustus Wilcox, C. 0. Thompson, L. J. Lemert,
Dorus M. Fox, and 60 others, citizens of Michigan,
praying for an amendment to the Constitution pro-
viding against any inequality among citizens on
account of birth, race, color, &c., and for legislation
removing such inequality from tho District of Co-
lumbia, Territories, and the ten unrcstored States.
By Mr. (! A RFEELT): The petition of citizens of
Ravenna, Ohio, praying that no further curtailment
of the national currency be made, and that national
banks be not required to redeem their notes in Now
York. . _ „
By Mr. SCHENOK: Sundry petitions of ofiicers of
the United States Army, for the restoration of fifty
cents as the commutation price of the ration.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 7, 1867.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has received, and been requested to lay before
the Senate, a memorial of the Legislative
Council of the Territory of New Mexico, set-
ting forth that General James M. Carletonand
others have purchased a land grant in Taos
county, in that Territory, usually known by the
name of the Rio Grande grant, and are seeking
to have the title to that land confirmed in them;
that this will do great injustice to many of the
settlers who are upon this grant, who are nu-
merous, and who have made improvements on
the land, and they pray Congress to confirm
the title to these lands in the actual settlers,
and not regard this grant. If there be no ob-
jection, this memorial will be received and
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. RAMSEY presented' the petition of
Josephine Slocum, widow of Martin N. Slocum,
late second lieutenant sixty-fifth regiment
United States (colored) infantry, praying for a
pension for herself and minor children ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. POLAND presented seven petitions of
officers of the United States Army, praying for
an increase of pay; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
citizens of the town of Wheeler, Steuben county,
New York, praying for the passage of House
bill No. 718, to provide increased revenue from
imports, 'and for other purposes; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of the
manufacturers of white lead, red lead, and
litharge, praying that the duty on the articles
manufactured by them may be placed two cents
per pound higher than on the raw material;
which was referred to the^Committee on Fi-
nance.
He also presented the petition of citizens of
East Bloomfield, New-York, praying* for the
passage of House bill No. 718, to provide
increased revenue from imports, and for other
purposes; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
He also presented the memorial of saw man-
ufacturers, remonstrating against the increase
of the duty on steel as proposed by House bill
No. 718, to provide increased revenue from
imports, and for" other purposes; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented seven memorials of con-
sumers of steel, remonstrating against the in-
crease of the duty on steel as proposed by
House bill No. 718, to provide increased rev-
enue from imports, and for other purposes;
which were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented the memorial of citizens
of New York, remonstrating against the pas-
sage of any act authorizing the curtailment of
the national currency, or having in view the
return within a limited time to specie pay-
ments, and against the enactment of any law
compelling all national banks, wherever locat-
ed, to redeem their notes in New York, or pro-
hibiting national banks from paying or re-
ceiving interest on bank balances; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of citizens
of Erie county, Ohio, praying for a specific
duty of one dollar per gallon on all importa-
tions of wine ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of citizens of
Licking county, Ohio, praying for the passage
of House bill" No. 718, to provide increased
revenue from imports, and for other purposes;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. WADE. I present also the petition of
George Arnold, late major of Ohio volunteers,
praying for the passage of a law giving to sol-
diers who have lost their discharge papers the
bounty to which they are entitled upon proof
of their service and identity and of the loss of
their discharge. I think the Committee on
Military Affairs ought to look into this subj< ct.
It is a great hardship I know upon soldiers vl.o
by the accidents of war have lost their discharge
papers that, as the law now stands, they cannot
supply that proof by any other means, although
they have evidence perfectly satisfactory. I
think that equity and justice demand that a
law should be passed to remedy this evil. I
move the reference of this petition to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
Thomas E. Dudley, of the first collection ais-
