1064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
what that is, and what it means.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is the museum that has
been collected here for a considerable number
of years past by Mr.'Glover, which is very val-
uable and interesting, and the Committee on
Finance thought it was well to purchase it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is it a museum of?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is. a collection of
all sorts of agricultural specimen? of different
kinds, which has been prepared with great care
and skill by Mr. Glover, who has devoted his
life to it, and is an enthusiast in the matter,
and it is veiy valuable.
Mr. RAMSEY. I trust this appropriation
will be made. This collection contains some
of the finest specimens in tho world. There
will be found in it every variety of apple, pear,
and peach produced in the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A museum used to be
in the Patent Office, but that has been trans-
ferred over to the Smithsonian Institution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. These are agricultural
specimens.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me we ought
not to appropriate for two museums.
Mr. 1< ESSENDEN. They are entirely dif-
ferent things. These arc agricultural speci-
mens, and the other is miscellaneous, of all
sorts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is true ; but it seems
to me there should be but one museum. If
the Government is to have a museum it is a
great undertaking. I believe some of the for-
eign Governments appropriate $60,000 a year
to their museums.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Congress can order it
transferred hereafter if they see lit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It •seems to me a strange
idea to have a museum in the Agricultural
Department anil another one in the Smithson-
ian, that Congress appropriates, 1 suppose, to
take care of, 1 do not know how much. It
has to be attended by somebody. It used to
be in the Patent Office, but wo transferred it
to the Smithsonian.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. Glover is con-
nected with the Agricultural Department, one
of the officers of it, and has been there for sev-
eral years. lie is an enthusiast in this matter.
Mr. TltUMIiULL. It has no other con-
nection with the Agricultural Department than
that this person happens to he engaged there.
Mr. FESSENDliN. And the fact that it
is of an agricultural character exclusively.
This is a question as to tho purchase of the
museum; not whero it shall be kept. It can
bo transferred hereafter if Congress think
proper to do so.
Air. JtAMSKY. I really hope that this ap-
propriation will be made. 1 think it is the
most proper appropriation in tho bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL, i know nothing about
this museum, and i am not prepared to say that
the appropriation should be made. It cer-
tainly uocs not strike mo favorably. I have
not examined this museum belonging to the
Agricultural Department; but it is to me a little
singular that we should be making such an
appropriation.
Mr. CKESVVBLL. I will state thai)this very
subjcct was under consideration in the Com-
mittee on Agriculture last year, and I believe
the recommendation was unanimous that the
Government should purchase this museum and
preserve it in some appropriate building. It
certainly forms the nucleus of a very valuable
collection.
Mr. CAT 1'ELL. TVs I happen to bo a mem-
ber of the Committee on Agriculture I desire
to say that this museum is peculiarly appro-
priate to the Agricultural Department. It con-
tains specimens of the fruits suited to tho dif-
ferent lal itudes of our country and all the facts
pertaining to them. There is also in it a col-
lection ofjnsectivorous birds, such birds as
ought to be destroyed and such as ought to be
preserved, all hearing on the subject of agri-
culture, and making this an exceedingly inter-
esting museum. Mr. Glover has been offered
for it from foreign Governments very much
more money than we propose to give him
here. He takes very great pride in it as having
gotten it up here. I think it a very valuable
museum, and I hope this appropriation will be
Mr. TRUMBULL. So far as birds are con-
cerned, we have another collection of them at
the Smithsonian.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Those are specimens
of the birds of foreign countries, brought here
by the exploring expedition. These are the
birds of this country.
Mr. CATTELL. These are specimens of
our own birds, numbered and marked with
their different characteristics, whether they are
advantageous to agriculture as destructive of
insects, or the contrary; whether they are such
as ought to be destroyed or not, and a great
many very interesting facts which are directly
connected with our own country, and particu-
larly applicable to the Agricultural Depart-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will wade
through the thirteen quarto volumes of the
Pacific railroad surveys he will find there a
collection of all the birds and reptiles of this
country, what they are good for, and for what
purposes of evil they seem to exist, and he
will find pictures of them; and then if he will
go into the museum that we have got already
established he will find the birds themselves,
or their feathers and skins stuffed, and a very
minute description. But I do not wish to say
anything more in regard to this purchase. I
I shall not vote for it myself.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho Secretary continued tho reading of the
bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 45, after lino
one thousand and ninety-one, I move to insert
tho following:
For tho purchaso of reports of tho Supremo Court
of tho United vSlale.s for tho use of tho Department
ofStato, 51,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued tho reading of the
bill down to the following clause:
For neccssary expenses in carrying into effect tlio
several acts of Comrrcss authorizing loans anil tho
lasuo of Treasury notes, $2,000,000: Provided, That no
farther expenditures bhutt bo made for the experi-
mental system of hydrostaticprhltingby tho Treasury
Department until such experiments shall have boen
dofmitoty authorized by law ami a diatinot appropii-
ation mado tUorofor.
Mr. FESSENDEN, That proviso escaped
my notice, i think it ought not to remain in.
i do not see the members of the committee
here. That, system of printing is no longer an
experiment; it has been tried and is carried
out, and that is tho printing that is now going
on. 1 am afraid that as the proviso is now
worded it would interfere seriously with tho
business of tho Department. I move to strike
out the proviso, if there is anything wrong
about it it can be set right on conference with
tho members of the House.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
on page 4G, after line eleven hundred and two,
to insert the following:
For facilitating communication between tho At-
lantic and Pacific States by electrical telegraph,
$ 10,000.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have an
explanation of precisely what is intended by
''facilitating communication between the Atlan-
tic and Pacific States by electrical telegraph."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is under a con-
tract to pay the company $10,000 a year. It
was rejected at the last session.because there
was some doubt whether they had not broken
their contract. The committee examined it
and came to the conclusion that on the whole
it might as well bo put in, whether they had
broken their contract or not, of which we were
not exactly satisfied, because wo are obliged
to have that amount, and more probably, of
telegraphing. If we throw the contract aside
we place ourselves perhaps more in the power
of the company than the contract now places
us. It would seem, therefore, not to be advis-
able to do that. This telegraphing must be
paid for in some way. If we do not pay for it
under the contraot we shall have to pay what
they see fit to charge for the telegraphing that
is actually done. _ Therefore the committee
came to the conclusion that it was best to insert
this appropriation.
Mr. POME ROY. The language used, "fa-
cilitating communication between the Atlantic
and Pacific States," does not look as if it was
an appropriation to pay on a contract, but
rather as if we were going to build a new
line.
Mr. CONNESS. That is the old language.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the language
of all th6 appropriations on the subject.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. At this time I will ask the
chairman of the Finance Committee if he has
any especial information in regard to the pro-
vision on page 44, beginnning at line one thou-
sand and seventy-four, reading thus :
For legal assistance and other necessary special
and extraordinary expenditures in tho disposal of
private land claims in California, $5,000.
I should like to ask the chairman if he has
any information as to the necessity for the
appropriation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is an appropriation
which has been made several times before.
They are obliged to employ extra counsel in
those cases. 1 found it in the bill and also in
the estimates that were made.
Mr. CONNESS. It will appear in the esti-
mates and in the appropriation bills until the
crack of doom unless it is stricken out.
Mr. POMEROY. When is that?.
Mr. CONNESS. A very distant period I
believe. [Laughter.] I move to strike out
the clause I have read. My impression and
my opinion is that it is simply an unnecessary
appropriation of public money. The nature
of tho services consist in tho prosecution in the
Supremo Court of the United States of claims
arising under the treaty with Mexico and
grants made by the Mexican Government of
lands in California. The public money has
been used to the extent of hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars in the prosecution of those
claims with great injury to the State of Califor-
nia and with terrible severity upon honest
claimants, while 
Mr. FESSENEEN. This appropriation is
for contesting the claims, is it not?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir; this is a con-
tinuation of it. Now those questions are
nearly all at an end ; they ought to have been
ended long ago. Under these annual appro-
priations cases are kept in court the principles
of which have been determined again and again
for years past; and it is in vain that the parties
ask a dismissal of cases that are pending here,
and that arc eventually decided as if dismissed
by tho court, as long as appropriations are
made from the Treasury to employ legal assist-
ance for the contesting of them. 1 move to
strike out this clause.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know enough
about it to make any comment on what the
honorable Senator says. He is better ac-
quainted with it than I am.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no doubt ou the
subject at all.
Mr. HOWARD. I shall vote to strikeout
this item. The reports of the Supreme Court
are literally crammed with the decisions in liti-
gations upon the California land titles which
arose under the ti-eaty with Mexico, and if it be
possible to settle any leading principle of law
with reference to those claims, or any series
of principles, that settlement has already taken
place, I should think, long ago; for you will
find scores of decisions already made by the
Supreme Court of the United States in the
California land claims, one of which is but a
precedent for another, involving the same prin-
ciple from case to case and from year to year.
I really think the Senator from California is
correct, when he says this appropriation is only
an invitation to a continuance of the litigation
respecting those claims.
