1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1741
DEFICIENCY BILL AGAIN.
The House resumed in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union the consider-
tion of the bill (H. R. No. 1227) making appro-
priations and to supply deficiencies in the ap- ,
propriations for the service of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June 30,1867, and for
other purposes.
The Clerk read the following :
For dredging and maintaining the channel of the
riverThames, nearNorwich.in the State of Connecti-
cut, to complete tho work, 836,000.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I move
to amend by inserting at the end of the para-
graph just read the following:
For deepening and improving Westport Harbor,
Connecticut, $2,500.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. If my colleague insists
on that amendment, I shall be under the neces-
sity of raising the point of order that this is
not a proper amendment to the pending para-
graph, but should appropriately be introduced
as a distinct paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is in order.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Well, sir, I appeal to
my colleague not to prejudice the appropria-
tion which the committee has reported by the
amendment which he offers.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I do not
think that this amendment will prejudice the
appropriation reported by the committee, be-
cause the House can adopt or reject the amend-
ment as it sees fit.
Now, sir, I desire to flay with reference to
this amendment, that some time since an appro-
priation of $8,000 was made for the purpose
of cutting a channel in this harbor. I am now
informed and believe that unless this small
appropriation of $2,500 be made for the pur-
pose of completing this work the original ap-
propriation will be wasted. I believe that in
proposing this amendment I have the concur-
rence of the Committee on Appropriations. I
have also a letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury recommending this appropriation.
The amount is but small, and I hope the House
will agree to it.
Several Members. All right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DODGE. I move to insert the follow-
ing:
For removing the wreck of a vessel and the sand
bar occasioned thereby in the main ship eh&nnel
off Sandy Hook in accordance with the roportof Gen-
eral Humphrey, chief oftho United States Engineers,
and to be expended under the direction of the War
Department, $0,000, or so much thereof as may bo
necessary.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to apoint of order.
The amendment is not germane to the bill. It
is not in pursuance of any law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. ROSS. I move to insert the following:
Sec. —. That the republic of Liberia constitute
the sixth military district under tho military bill
just passed, and that a brigadier general be at once
assigned to take control of the same.
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not
in order.
The Clerk read as follows :
For services rendered by the late F. M. Rotch, in
furnishing an original article " on cattle " for the
Agricultural Report of 1861, $212 50, to bo paid to tho
widow.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I make the
point of order that this paragraph is not in order
in this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order comes
too late.
Mr. RICE, (if Maine. I move to insert the
following:
To enable the Commissioner of Publio Buildings
to pay to M. Reynolds, John McNally, Patrick KiT-
foie, Peter Colo, and John McCarthy $100 for extra
labor on President's garden and grounds prior to
4th of March, I860, $500.
This amendment has been recommended
by the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds. These five men were laborers upon
the grounds of Mr. Lincoln while he was Presi-
dent daring the troublous times of the war.
It is in evidence that Mr. Lincoln agreed they
should have extra compensation. We have
given them $100 each. The services rendered
were meritorious. My judgment is the amount
is too small.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAYES. I move the following amend-
ment:
To enable the Committee on the Library to pay
the balance due to P. R. Fendall for labor performed
in editing the Writings of James Madison, $2,100.
The Committee on the Library was author-
ized to publish these Writings, and Mr. Fendall
was employed to do a part of the work, and he
did it, as every man familiar with the work
knows, well. The compensation given to him
is only fair and proper. j
The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. ALLEY. In order to stop one of the
leaks in the Treasury I offer the following
amendment:
And be it further enaated, That the paragraph of 1
seotion five of an act entitled "An act to increase
duties on imports, and for other purposes," approved
June 30,1864, as follows, to wit:
" On 1 listings, mohair cloth, silk twist, wool, or
other manufactured cloth woven or made in patterns
of such size, shape, and form, or cut in such manner
as to be fit for shoes, slippers, bootees, gaiters, and
buttons exclusively, not combined with India-rubber,
ten per cent, ad valorem," be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
Mr. KASSON. I make the point of order
that the amendment is not germane to the bill. |
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read as follows:
For defraying the expenses incurred by the De-
partment of State by sending telegraphic dispatches
over the Atlantic cable, $30,900 for the ourront year.
Mr. SLOAN. I move to strike out $30,000
and insert $15,000.
Mr. SCOFIELD. When $250,000 was ap-
propriated for the contingent fund of the State
Department I inquired of my colleague, the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
what it was for. He said among other things
it was for telegraphic dispatches over the Atlan-
tic cable, law suits, &c. If we appropriated
for it, then why should we again appropriate
for the same purpose?
Mr. CONKLING. That was before the
" long dispatch" was sent. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I understand McCrac-
ken's letter came by mail, but that the inquiries
to our ministers were sent by telegraph. Now,
I would like to know from the Committee on
Appropriations, when the State Department
has already had $250,000, why he proposes to
[ give it $30,000 more for telegraphing.
J Mr. STEVENS. The reason is that none
of it is found to be applicable to that. This
I amount of $30,000 is to pay for what we have
! already incurred, what we owe to that com-
1 pany. I will say that there was one dispatch
that cost $17,000.
Mr. CONKLING. To whom was that sent?
Mr. STEVENS. To our minister in France.
Mr. CONKLING. Not to MeCracken.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I would like to ask the
chairman of the committee whether, under the
practice of the Government, any person has
any knowledge of the manner in which the
contingent fund of the civil department is
expended.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman knows as
well as I do that the contingent fund is not
audited by any committee of Congress.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I think there is a neces-
sity for some process by which at least a com-
mittee of this House shall know how the con-
tingent fund of the civil department of the
Government is expended—the secret service
money that has beeu expended during the
present Administration.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand it is the
business of the House Committee on Expendi-
tures in the State Department to examine and
report on that subject.
Mr. BOUTWELL. If that committee has
not examined the matter, then the proper au-
thority should take proper means to have an
examination.
Mr. STEVENS. There is no instance since
the foundation of the Government where o
report has been made upon the disposition of
the secret service fund.
Mr. Sloan's amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For improvements.^ the Supreme Court room, and
the stairway ami passages connected therewith, and
in the manner of heating and ventilating the same,
$15,000.
Mr. KASSON. I move to strike out that
paragraph; the same provision has been made
in another bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I propose the following
amendment as a new paragraph:
For furnishing rooms for the court of the United
States at Charleston, South Carolina, $5,000.
At the present time there are neither rooms
nor any conveniences whatever for the courts
in the district of South Carolina. The Secre-
tary of the Interior has apartments which he
can use, but he has no money for furnishing
them. The Committee on the Judiciary are
satisfied that an expenditure of this sort ought
to be made. The sum is believed to be rea-
sonable, and I trust the Committee on Appro-
priations will not oppose it.
Mr. STEVENS. The collector of the port
of Charleston was before the committee and
asked for $10,000 to provide accommodations
for his business in the custom-house, to repair
the roof which had been injured by bombard-
ment. The committee put in $25,000 to pro-
vide all suitable offices, being $15,000 beyond
what was asked for by the collector.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will withdraw this
amendment and ask to have some words in-
| serted in the next paragraph.
The Clerk read as follows :
I For preservation and care of the unfinished eus-
I tom-house building at Charleston, South Carclina,
, and fitting up the interior to provide suitable offit«s
] for the use of the United States, $25,000.
i Mr. STEVENS. I move to insert after the
t word "offices" the words " including court-
I rooms."
! The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BIDWELL. I move the following
amendment as a new paragraph :
For the payment of outstanding California war
bonds, tho unexpended balance of the sum heretofore
appropriated for that purpose and carried to the
surplus fund 30th Jvuxe, 186^, namely, $10,188 63.
Mr. STEVENS. I raise the point that this
is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read as follows:
To enable tho Lkht-House Board to erect in the
lower bay of New York one or more permanent bea-
cons, $45,000.
Mr. ALLEY. I move to strike out the word
"forty," and for the reason that I do not think
the Government can afford to pay that sum
unless it Bhall adopt a proviso which I will send
to the Chair. I will give my reasons for so
doing, after which I will offer the proviso, be-
lieving that no gentleman upon this floor will
object to its insertion here. About twenty years
ago under the tariff which was passed at that
time a provision was inserted that lasting,
mohair cloth, and shoe-lacings 
Mr. SLOAN. I rake the point that this dis-
cussion is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
gentleman is in order.
Mr. ALLEY. I am giving my reasons why
I move to strike out the word '• forty." I say
that the Government cannot afford to pay
$45,000 unless it will stop some leakages and
prevent certain frauds upon the Treasury,
among which is the one to which I refer. It
occurs in this manner: under the tariff of
184G it was provided that lasting, mohair cloth,
; and shoe-lacings should be imported at a duty
. of ten per cent, provided they were used ex-
clusively for shoes, cut into patterns so that
thev could be used lor no other purpose.
Mr. RADFOliD. I raise the point of order
i that the gentleman is not confining himself to
I the amendment under consideration.
