1742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point.
Mr. ALLEY. If they were imported in the
piece they were to come in under a twenty per
cent. duty. As long as it remained at twenty
per cent, it was no inducement for the import-
ers or manufacturers to import them in pat-
terns cut expressly for shoes. But after that
duty was raised to fifty per cent, a very few
manufacturers in some of the large cities sent
their 
Mr. HILL. I raise the point of order, that
the gentleman is neither discussing his amend-
ment nor anything pertaining to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts has expired.
The Clerk read as follows:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pur-
chase the stereotype plates and copyright of the
American Coast Pilot, $20,000.
Mr. LAFLIN. I move the following as an
additional paragraph:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to settle
with Louis Heyl for services rendered in tho compi-
lation of " The Digest of the Statutes of the United
States upon Imports,"upon such terms as in his judg-
ment shall be just and equitable: Provided, That the
amount paid by him shall be in full satisfaction of
the above-named services, the sum of $1,000, or so
much thereof as may be necessary.
Mr. SPALDING. That is already in one
of the bills.
Mr. LAFLIN. I think the gentleman is
very much mistaken.
Mr. SPALDING. We passed upon it this
very day.
Mr. LAFLIN. If that is so I withdraw it.
The Clerk read as follows:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to carry
into effect the provision of the seventh section of the
act of CoIIpress entitled "An act granting the right
of way to ditch and canal owners over public lands,
and for other purposes," approved July 26, 1866,
Mr. DAVIS. I would like some informa-
tion as to where the expenditure is to be
made.
Mr. HIGBY. The title of the law that we
passed rather tends to mislead. It has refer-
ence to the mineral land. The law which was
passed last session provided for the sale of
mineral lands embracing many thousands of
square miles.
Mr. LOAN. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That the unex-
pended balance of the appropriation madefor defray-
ing the expenses of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Nebraska, is hereby directed and set
asideforthepurposeof procuring a geological survey
of Nebraska, said survey to be prescribed under the
direction of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I have
examined the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Dodge] and I
am satisfied it ought to pass. I therefore with-
draw my objection on the point of order I
raised, so that the gentleman may offer his
amendment.
Mr. DODGE. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional paragraph:
For removing wreck of a vessel and the sand-bar
occasioned thereby in the main ship-channel of Sandy
Hook, in accordance with the report of General
Humphrey, chief of the United States Engineers, to
be expended under the direction of the War Depart-
ment $6,000, or so much of said sum as may bo
necessary,
I wish to say to the House that this is to
remove the wreck of a large schooner that was
sunk directly across the channel of Sandy
Hook. The Government engineer reports
that a sand-bar b'ix feet high has already ac-
cumulated. It is a matter of importance, and
the Committee on Commerce recommend that
it shall be adopted.
The amendment wag agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move the following sec-
tion, to be inserted after the paragraph last
read: *
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That to enable
the Secretary.of War to carry out the award of the
Department in favor of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Gooi;rc Fisher, deceased, for military
•poliations by th« United States troopi during the
war with the Creek Indians, the appropriation con-
tained in the first section of the original act for the
relief of the claimants, approved April 12,1848, shall
not bo allowed to lapso in consequence of a delay in
the adjustment; and the same is hereby recnacted
and made available: and that the rescinding resolu-
tion approved March 2,1861, suspending tho case be,
and is hereby, repealed: Provided, That the Secre-
tary of War shall examine the said award and see that
no taint of fraud or mistake in calculation attaches
thereto.
I wish I had an opportunity to submit the
papers upon this subject which I have exam-
ined, and which have been submitted to the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
[Mr. Stevens.] I will state very briefly what
this amendment means. The estate of Mr.
Fisher, represented by Mr. Gordon, the admin-
istrator, had a claim against the Government
for spoliations committed in the Creek war.
The claim being recognized by Congress, a joint
resolution was passed authorizing the adjust-
ment of this claim upon the submission of the
whole matter to the Secretary of War. The
Secretary of War examined the whole matter,
and made an award of $34,000. All of that
award has been paid except about $7,000.
In the mean time it was suggested to Con-
gress by some one that there was a miscalcula-
tion made by the Secretary of War; that there
was something in the award made by him arising
out of the wrong calculation which was made,
and a new resolution was proposed rescinding
the former action of Congress upon the subject.
But it was thought by some that, notwithstand-
ing this action, the right to the whole of the
$34,000 had accrued, and that the Court of
Claims could award it to the claimants. The
Court of Claims, however, have decided that
the only remedy is in Congress; that they con-
sider the last resolution of Congress as pre-
venting any action on their part.
Now, what is proposed by the amendment
which I have offered is to go back and let the
whole matter in regard to this remaining claim
of $7,000 be submitted to the Secretary of
War to make an award and see that there is no
fraud or miscalculation in the award that he
makes. The amendment does not make any
appropriation, but proposes to allow the pres-
ent Secretary of War, or any future Secretary
of War before whom the case might come, to
make an investigation and award as originally
proposed by Congress.
The amendment was agreed to. -
Mr. SLOAN. I move as an amendment to
insert the following:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That no money
shall be paid out of the Treasury toward the con-'
struction of the new jail for the District of Columbia
unless the letting of tho contract for the building of
the said jail shalUbe suspended and delayed until
perfected plans for the entire work shall have been
completed and approved by a board of three, com-
posed of disinterested and competent engineers and
architects, of whom Quartermaster General M. C.
Meigs and A. B. Mullett, architect of the Treasury
Department, shall be two; nor 
Mr. STEVENS. I must interrupt the gen-
tleman by rising to a point of order. My point
of order is that this amendment is not germane
to the bill, and is therefore not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order; and rules that the amendment
of the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Sloan]
is not in order.
Mr. HILL. I move to amend line one hun-
dred and eighty-four by striking out the word
"thirty," with a view of making an inquiry
and obtaining some information upon this sub-
ject. At the last session of Congress we passed
an act, of which the seventh section is as fol-
lows :
"And be it further enacted. That the President of the
United States be, and is hereby, authorized to estab-
lish additionalland districts and to appoint the neces-
sary officers under existing laws, wnerever he may
deem tho same necessary for the public convenience
in executing the provisions of this act."
Mr. KASSON. I am not able to hear the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hill] well enough
to determine whether the proposition he has
made is in order or not. I mention this for
the purpose of saying that I wish to reserve to
myself the right to 9bject to it as soon as I can
find out what hfs proposition is.
Mr. HILL. I have made a motion to strike
out the word "thirty" in line one hundred and
eighty-four rather to get information than on
account of any hostility to this provision.
Mr. KASSON. I thought this had been
passed over entirely, and that we had been
acting upon additional sections.
Mr. HILL. That point had been already
made and decided in my favor before the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] arose.
Mr. KASSON. That is in consequence of
the difficulty of hearing here.
Mr. HILL. I will now proceed with my
remarks. I am unable to see the necessity of
appropriating $36,000 to carry out the pro-
visions of the law referred to in this provision,
when it does not appear that any such offices
have been established.
The clause of this bill to which I refer is in
the following words:
To enable the Secretary of tho Interior to carry
into effect the provisions of the seventh section of
the act of Congress entitled "An act granting the
right of way to ditch and canal owners over public
lands, and for other purposes," approved July 26,
1866, $36,000.
Now, I am willing to yield to any gentleman
here who can give me the information I desire.
Mr. KASSON. I will say in reply to the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hill] that under
that act the establishment of land offices in a
great many of the Territories where they did
not exist then were provided for. How many of
these land offices will be required to be estab-
lished it is not possible now to state. The
demand for new lands in these new Territories
for settlers is increasing very rapidly; and the
opinion of the Commissioner of Public Lands
is that it will be necessary to establish a con-
siderable number of these land offices; and
he has asked for money enough to establish all
that may be found necessary within the terms
of the act that gives the authority for their
establishment.
Now, the Commissioner of Public Lands has
shown a disposition to economize in the dis-
bursement of the public moneys committed to
his charge. I am glad to be able to say of him
that I believe him to be a thoroughly econom-
ical officer. And in view of the facts repre-
sented by him, as well as by others, the com-
mittee have thought it their duty to give him
the means to carry into effect the provisions
of this law. The words "or so much thereof
as may be necessary'' should have been inserted
in this clause; but that is implied, as a matter
of course. The amount proposed to be appro-
priated is all that is required we think to per-
fect the law. It may all be used, or only half
of it may be used, according to the demand for
perfected titles to land by new settlers in these
Territories.
The CHAIRMAN. The time for debate has
expired on this amendment.
Mr. HILL. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I move to
amend by striking out "thirty-six'' and insert-
ing "thirty-two." And I now yield to my
colleague, [Mr. Hill.]
Mr. HILL. All I desire to say in reply to
the explanation of the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Kasson] is that it does not appear that
this is a proper item to be placed in an appro-
priation bill.
Mr. HIGBY. This bill cannot be rightly
understood by reference to its title. It is
really a bill to divide the agricultural lands
from the mineral lands and bring them into
market.
_ Mr. HILL. It does not appear by the sec-
tion referred to that any such division as is
spoken of by the gentleman from California
[Mr. Higbt] was in contemplation ; at least
we get no light from the section of the bill
referred to.
Mr. HIGBY. The section is as follows:
That the President of the United States be, and is
hereby, authorized to establish additional land dis-
tricts and to appoint the necessary officers under
existing laws, wherever he may deem the same neces-
sary for the public convenionce in executing tho
provisions of this act.
This act is to authorize the segregation of
