1060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
and the levy court of said county be, and thoy .are
hereby, authorized and empowered to levy a special
tax not exceeding one quarter of one per cent, for
the purpose aforesaid: Provided, That hereafter no
person shall be appointed as policeman qr watch-
man who has not served in the Army or Navy of the
United States, and received an honorable discharge.
Mr. FBSSENDEN. In line eleven hundred
and seventy-nine I move to strikeout "twenty
per cent." and insert " fifty per cent." The
House of Representatives were evidently labor-
ing under a misapprehension about this matter.
They supposed the provision which was inserted
in the estimates in regard to this matter was
for giving an additional twenty per cent. The
fact is that we gave last year an additional fifty
per cent., and instead of its being terminated
now they have it by law up to the 1st day of
next July, and this should be an appropriation
to continue it. It is not an appropriation out
of the Treasury, but it is requiring the corpo-
rations of Washington city and Georgetown and
Washington county to appropriate the fifty per
cent, increase, and assess a tax to meet it,
which was agreed to last year all round. Evi-
dently the House misapprehended the effect
and intention of this provision from its not
being aware of what was done last year. I
move to amend the clause by striking out in
line eleven hundred and seventy-nine '' twenty''
and inserting " fifty; " by striking out in line
eleven hundred and eighty "November" and
inserting "July," by striking out "six" in
lin'e eleven hundred and eighty-one and insert-
ing "seven;" so as to read "fifty per cent,
upon the amount hereby appropriated, com-
mencing on the 1st day of .July, 1807;" and
then, after "county of Washington," in line
eleven hundred and eighty-three, I move to
insert "beyond the limits of said cities;" and
in line eleven hundred and eighty-seven to
strike out "empowered" and insert "re-
quired."
The amendments were agreed to.
The Secretary j-ead the second section of the
bill, as follows:
Srco. 2. And bo it further cna ctcd, That to enablo 1.1) o
Clerk of the House of Representatives to pay the in-
creased compensation voted by the llouse during the
Thirty-Ninth Congress to its employes, clerks, and
of lien, and to pity the increased rate of compensa-
tion thereby authorized, a sum sufficient therefor is
lini'liy appropriated out. of any money m the Troas-
uiy not otlionvt.se appropriated.
The Committee on Finance reported an
amendment to strike out. the section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next section was read as follows:
Ski;. 3. And be it. further enavtcd, That. the pro-
viso contained in the third section of chapter two
hundred and ten of the aet of ,Julv LI. lSiil, shall be
construed to embrace nil suits to which the United
States shall lie ap.irty in (lie Court ot Claims, either
phuntlil of tit tend.nit.
Mr. TRUMBULL.
clause in an appro]>
viso which reads in these words :
"That in (he courts of tho United States thero
shall be no exclusion of any witness on account of
color, nor in civil actions because ho is a party to or
interested in tho i^uo t ried."
At a subsequent period Congress amended
this proviso which 1 have just read by declar-
ing—
"That in any action by or against executors, ad-
ministrators, or guardians, in which judgment may he
rendered for or against them, neither party shall bo
allowed to testily against tho other as to any transac-
tion with, or any statement of, tho testator, intes-
tate, or ward, unless called to teshf'y thereto by the
opposite party, or required to testify thereto by tho
court.'
The reason of this amendment was that it
was supposed there was no mutuality where
a party was permitted to testify in a suit by an
administrator or guardian ; the guardian or
.administrator would not know about the trans-
saction and hence it was improper, although
the law was extended so as to allow par-
ties to testify in court in eases in which they
were interested as a general rule, to extend that
to cases where one of the parties acted in a
fiduciary capacity. Now it is very question-
able, I think, whether this law should be ex-
tended to the Court of Claims, so as to allow
parties to testify. The United States has no
JLL. That, section repeals a
iropriation aet of a pro-
one to testify for it, and the claimant who pre-
sents his claim swears to his petition now.
The effect of this section of this bill is to allow
the claimant to come in there as a witness as
against the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the section
ought to be struck out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no mutuality
in it. I do not think the provision ought to
be extended to the Court of Claims. I un-
derstand that this section got into the appro-
priation bill under an impression that the
Court of Claims excluded a person of color
from testifying. That is not so. I have been
furnished with a decision of the court on that
subject, and I will read a sentence or two
from it:
"It has been suggested that if parties cannot tes-
tify/persons of color cannot, as poth are rendered
eligible by tho same act. Thero was never a law of
Congress which excluded witnesses on account of
color, and this couit has always recognized the rules
of tho common law which makonosuch distinction."
So that in that court they admit persons of
color to testify, and the only effect of retain-
ing this third section in this bill is to allow a
party to be a witness in the Court of Claims
in a case whore there is no mutuality.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator move
to strike out the section?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it had bettor be
stricken out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that it be stricken
out.
Mr. POLAND. I hardly have tho heart to
say anything in favor of this provision if the
chairman of the Finance Committee consents
to have it stricken out; but it seems to me
there is very little reason for striking it out.
It is- very proper, as 1 think, where one party
to a transaction is dead, and a suit is prose-
cuted by tin; administrator who, of course, has
no personal knowledge in relation to the mat-
ter, that tho other party should not be allowed
to testify because the party who really know
about it on the other side is dead and cannot
appear to testify. The ease of the Govern-
ment is likened to that. It seems to mo there
is no analogy between the two. All contracts
and dealings of the Government are done by
some agent, or oflieor of the Government.
Mr. THUMBULL. And ho is a witness for
both parties.
Mr. POLAND. Not always. 1 think that
whet-ever an officer or an agent has made a
contract on the pari of the Government, and
thero comes up a litigation about it, and that
officer or agent is a witness for the Govern-
ment, lie is not any more to bo trusted as a
witness than a man who comes into court and"
testifies for himself. The United States never
was a witness, never was alive so that it could
testily against the opposite party, .but tho per-
son with whom the dealing was made, the
officer or agent who transacted the business or
made the contract on tho part of the Govern-
ment is alive, so that the Government has his
testimony, tho testimony of one party who
really made the contract., and it seems to me
entirely just and fair that the party on the
other side should be a witness if wo want to
keep up this mutual right under the system of
allowing parties-to testify in their own eases.
It seems to me it ought to be extended to eases
where the Government is a party.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I proposed the provision
of law which has been referred to, allowing
parties to be witnesses in their own behalf.
Certainly I never intended to apply that provis-
ion of law to cases in which the United States
was a party to claims against the Government,
which are subject, of course, to such peculiar
rules as the Government may prescribe.
At a subsequent session, after the adoption
of that provision on my motion, suits in which
the representatives of estates were parties were
excluded from tho operation of that law, and
with my concurrence.
Now, sir, the same reason which applies in
the ease of estates will apply to a case of claims
against the Government of the United States.
There is no mutuality of privilege either in the
case of estates or in the case of the Govern-
ment : there is no party which may confront
the plaintiff by representing the opposite side
of the case. I think, therefore, that the pro-
posed provision of this bill is improvident, that
that innovation upon the law which was estab-
lished upon my motion at a former session ought
to be confined to cases between private parties,
where both 'are competent to testify and both
enjoy the privilege^provided by the law. For
that reason I shall be in favor of striking out
this section in the bill from the House.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not agree with
the Senator from Pennsylvania upon this ques-
tion. I do not think there is an analogy be-
tween the two cases. Two men make a con-
tract; one of them dies; it is not right that
the survivor of them should testify against the
estate of the other, because there is no balan-
cing testimony, if I may so express it. But a
man who brings a suit against the Government
of the United States in the Court of Claims,
or who is sued by the Government in any of the
United States courts, sues or is sued upon
some contract or arrangement between him and
some agent or officer of the Government, and
this ofiicer or agent is always a competent
witness, and I have observed that the testimony
given on behalf of the Government in such cases
has an undue weight. I have seen what I think
to be wrong, because of the official weight that
is thrown into a case when the testimony is
given by an ofiicer in addition to the weight
that the testimony would have coming merely
from an ordinary witness.
Before the vote is taken on striking out the
section, I move to insert after the word " all" in
the fourth line the word " civil," and to strike
out in tho fifth line the words "in the Court of
Claims;" so as to make the section read:
That tho proviso contained in the third section of
ehaptcr two hundred and ton of the act of July 2,
18tif, shall bo construed to embrace all civil suits to
which tho Unitod States shall be a party, cithor
plaintitf or defendant.
I am not sure that this will change the rule
that obtains in the courts now. I rather think
that under the law as it stands the United
States courts allow parties to suits to testify,
but that there may be no question about it, I
move this amendment.
Mr. BUCKALEW. If I recollect aright,
the original provision to which reference is
made applied only to civil suits. Criminal
proceedings were excluded from that law.
Mr HENDRICKS. I am a little afraid that
by the use of this general language, without
inserting the word "civil," the section might
be construed to include criminal cases. If you
say by this section that the law of 18G4 shall
be construed to embrace all suits to which tho
United States are a party, that will be extend-
ing tho operation of the rule, and may be con-
strued to include criminal cases, which it ought
not to do.
Jlr. TRUMBULL. I trust the amendment
will not be adopted. It is only enlarging the
thing still further.
The amendment was rejected.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion occurs on the motion of the Senator from
Illinois to strike out the section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it ought to be
struck out. I think it would be very danger-
ous to admit parties to testify where thero is
nobody in fact interested on the other side. It
is contrary to the theory on which the testi-
mony of parties is admitted. There is no
knowing where the Government agents, who-
ever they may be, may be when the testimony
is wanted. They may be scattered in various
parts of the country ; it may be difficult to find
them, while the party is always to be found if
ho is livingand becomes a party to a suitagainst
the United States.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
The Secretary read the last amendment re-
ported by the Committee on Finance, which
was to insert as a new section :
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That each night
