17U
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
tence, separated only by a semicolon, when
they have nothing to do with each other?
Mr. KASSON. If the gentleman were serv-
ing on the Committee on Appropriations he !
would know that as one thing after another
comes to us for the action of the committee
we attach it as nearly as possible to correlative
subjects. Instead of making this a separate
section, as ought to have been done, the com-
mittee has attached it to this clause. That is .;
all the explanation that is to be made. j:
Mr. MORRILL. I now move that tie eom- ||
raittee rise for the purpose I have indicated.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Allison re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, having had under con-
sideration the Union generally, and particu- ,
larly the bill (H. R. No. 1227) making appro- i
priations and to supply deficiencies in the j
appropriations for the service of the Govern- |
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867,
and for other purposes, had directed him to
report that they had come to no resolution
thereon.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTIONS AND BILLS.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
and joint resolutions of the following titles ;
when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (H. R. No. 1220) to provide ways and
means for the payment of compound-interest
notes ;
An act (H. R. No. 346) for the relief of
Hugh Leddy;
An act (H. R. No. 82o) for the relief of
Henry Rudd, of Henry county, Iowa ; I
An act (H. R. No. 1126) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June SO, 1868, and for other purposes.
An act (H. R. No. 966) for the relief of
Ernest Kleinschmidt, of Cincinnati, Ohio ;
An act (H. R. No. 11G8) for the relief of Mrs.
Elizabeth F. Chipman, widow of Major Charles
Chipman, deceased;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 282) for the
relief of James Hudnall; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 254) for the
relief of Almanson Eaton, receiver of public
money for the land office at Stevens's Point,
Wisconsin.
tax bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to submit the report
of the committee of conference on the bill (H.
R. No. 1161) to amend existing laws relating
to internal revenue. In order that as little
time possible may be consumed in this mat-
ter I will state the action of the committee,
and afterward I shall be ready to answer any
inquiry which any gentleman may desire to
make.
The first amendment in reference to which
there was a disagreement between the two
Houses was upon the subject of cotton, the
House having fixed the tax at three cents per
pound and the Senate at two. After a long
and laborious sitting, the committee finally
agreed to place the tax at two and a half cents
per pound.
The next point in the bill in reference to
which considerable difference arose was in re-
lation to the tax on gas companies. It will be
remembered that the House struck out of the
bill the provision granting ga3 companies the
right to charge over to the consumers the tax
after April, 1867. The Senate conferees were
very firm in relation to that matter and asserted
that not more than half a dozen of every hun-
dred gas companies throughout the whole coun-
try are at all affected by it. Finally it was
Agreed that the House should recede from its
non-concurrence in the Senate amendment,
and the few companies restricted by their char-
ters will be left as other parties are left who
have no such restrictions.
The next question related to the tax on sugar
refiners. The House had fixed the tax at tyo
per cent, and the Senate at one and a half.
The Senate receded, and the tax remains at
two per cent, upon the sales of refined sugars,
excluding the residuum and molasses.
The next question was with reference to
copper and brass tubes, the tax on which was
changed by the House from five per cent, to
one fourth of one per cent, per pound. On
this question the House has receded, and the
tax remains at five per cent, ad valorem.
The next point is with reference to manufac-
tures of glass, other than window glass, the
tax on which was reduced by the Senate from
five to three per cent. The House commit-
tee have acceded to that proposition, with an
amendment to reduce to two and a half per
cent, the tax on leather, which the Senate had
placed at five per cent, and the House in the
free list.
In relation to ferry-boats, the only change
is to make the tax two and a half per cent,
instead of three, placing them upon the same
footing as other steam vessels.
The reduction of all taxes is to take effect
from and after the 1st day of March, 1867.
Bar iron, rod, hoop, band, sheet and plate
iron, and iron prepared for the manufacture
of steel, are to be free of any tax. Locomotive
and marine engines have been restored to the
tax list and subject to a tax of five per cent.,
as heretofore.
Gas and water pipes are to be restored to
the tax list.
Shell-fish, that is, preserved oysters and
lobsters, are added to the free list.
With reference to boots and shoes the Senate
recedes from its amendment, and these articles
are to remain subject to the present tax.
Grinders of hand-mills are to be subject to
only the same burdens as heretofore, the House
receding from its amendment by which they
were to have been exempt.
Lead pipe, sheet lead, and shot are re-
manded into further service on the tax list.
With regard to fabrics, the product of hand-
looms, we have agreed to recommend that the
House recede from its amendment, because it
was demonstrated to the committee that it
would include a vast number of fabrics not
intended by the mover or the House to be
included, and would exempt from taxation
altogether too large an amount, including not
only two-ply carpets, but ginghams, wire-
cloth, &c.
On fi randy made from grapes it will be
recollected the House placed the tax at two
dollars per gallon, which the Senate reduced
to fifty cents. It has been agreed that the tax
shall be fixed at one dollar per gallon. It is
to be feared there will be something too much
of grape brandy in the market, and it may not
look well to place two dollars upon poor whisky
and only fifty cents on good brandy.
In regard to the income tax, it has been
agreed that the rent of a homestead, whether
occupied by a man in his own right or in the
right of his wife, is to be excepted from the
amount of taxable income.
Sections sixteen to thirty-eight inclusive,
mainly relating to the tax on distilled spirits,
were all stricken out; but the main provisions
in them have been included in some subsequent
sections. The office of inspectors of spirits
is abolished; and general inspectors now au-
thorized by law will be required to give bond
in the sum of $6,000. This will leave it in
the power of the Government to change the
inspectors from one part of the country to
another, and it can always have one inspector
to inspect into a bonded warehouse and another
to inspect out of it, thereby abolishing one
great means of fraud now open to distillers.
These inspectors may be appointed without
limit as to numbers, and are paid by the Gov-
ernment four dollars per day and traveling
expenses.
It is also provided that distillers shall send
their spirits, not to a private bonded ware-
house, but to a general bonded warehouse,
wherever there is one in such close proximity
to their distilleries as to make it practicable,
as it will be in all of our larger cities. Thus
their liquors, instead of being in their own
private establishments, will be hereafter where
they can be under the supervision and control
of the Government. This will probably pre-
vent much of the fraud which has heretofore
been practiced, as it is understood, in these
private bonded warehouses.
Sections forty-four to fifty-one inclusive were
stricken out, but the same provisions are sub-
stantially included in subsequent portions of
the bill, which have been more carefully and
elaborately drawn than they were when hastily
brought into this House near the close of our
action upon the bill.
The provisions of the House in reference to
the lottery business we ascertained from the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue were unsat-
isfactory, as it would be impossible to make
these lottery dealers give any bonds. These
men will carry on the business where it is
made criminal and liable to severe punishment
by State laws. We have collected a revenue of
about fifty thousand dollars under the existing
system of making the managers give bonds,
while under that of compelling the dealers to
give bonds we only raised about three thousand
dollars.
Then foreign tonnage is placed upon the
same footing as domestic tonnage, and is to pay
tonnage dues but once a year only.
Those are the principal points of disagree-
ment. If there are no questions to be pro-
pounded I will call for the previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD. What sorts of iron does
the gentleman refer to?
Mr. MORRILL. Bar, rod, hoop, band, sheet,
and plate iron and iron prepared for the manu-
facture of steel are to be exempt from tax.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I understand we dis-
pense entirely with the system of local inspec-
tion,' thus throwing open without any guard
whatever the whole business of distilling.
Mr. MORRILL. They will not be exempt
from inspection under the administration of
the law. There is authority to appoint an in-
definite number of general inspectors at four
dollars a day and traveling expenses. Enough
of these will be used to protect the interests
of the Government. .
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report of the committee of
conference was adopted.
Mr. LE BLOND moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
VOTE Of THANKS TO THE SPEAKER.
Mr. LE BLOND, (Mr. Datves occupying the
chair as Speaker pro tempore.) I submit the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the thanks of this House are due,
and are hereby tendered, to Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
its Speaker, for the courteous, dignified, able, ana
impartial manner in which he has disoharged the
duties of Presiding Officer during the present session
of Congress.
Mr. Speaker, I take pleasure in being able
to submit to this House the resolution just
read. It expresses my convictions, and I trust
the conviction of every member of the House.
I c^n add nothing to the sentiment therein
expressed other than a hope that it will be
unanimously adopted.
Mr. HOGAN. I second the motion.
Mr. WINFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to
second the resolution offered by my friend
from Ohio. And I take this occasion to say
that I assent most heartily to every sentiment
contained in the happily conceived and well-
expressed tribute to the virtues and ability of
our Presiding Officer by which the gentleman
has supported his resolution.
Individually it is my desire that the country
should understand this brief interruption of
the ordinary proceedings of this body as in-
tending something beyond the passage ot the
usual and routine resolution of compliment by
an expiring Congress to its Presiding Officer.
