1068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
the salaries as we have proposed them are cer-
tainly low enough in all eases, perhaps to'o
low in some; but if any of them are to be raised
from what we propose very many more of them
must be raised in order to make an equality.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not make this mo-
tion upon any arbitrary reasons, but simply
because that I know the United States judge
at Cincinnati is coastantly employed. Cincin-
natibeing the largest city of the western States,
the amount of business that is thrown into that
court ia very great. Judgc Leavitt, who is now
a man somewhat aged, is occupied all his time,
so that he has no leisure or recreation. If the
judge of the northern district of Illinois should
have $4,500, certainly the judge of the south-
ern district of Ohio should have it. _ The
amount of commercial business at Cincinnati,
the amount of our internal commerce on the
rivers, and the amount of internal revenue col-
lected thero are very great. The population
of the district is very large. The revenue col-
lected from whisky at Cincinnati alone is prob-
ably as much as ia all the rest of the State of
Ohio. The case of tho judge at Cincinnati is
as strong as any other that can bo presented.
I do not make tho motion in regard to the
northern district, because it is not so populous
and the business is not so great.
Mr. TliUMBULL. The amount of business
in tho district courts does not entiroly depend
upon population. The committee, as has been
remarked by tho Senator from Vermont, had
a good deal of consultation and a good deal of
difficulty in arranging these salaries as to how
many classes wo should mako. There has been
a pressure Jroul all parts of tho United States
for an increase of the salaries of tho district
judges for several years. There have been
referred to (lie Judiciary Committee 1'or tho
last four or live years numerous petitions
from nearly every district in the Union. Tim
committee have resisted this, and this is the
first lima we have reported from that commit-
too an increase of salary. There have been
ono or two salaries raised in the Senate, with-
out the report of tho committee, on the motion
of Senators, and the House of Representatives,
at (his session, has passed a bill increasing tho
salary of thy judge in one of the districts; it
has not yet passed this body, lint the press-
lire was so great, and the reasonableness of it
was so manifest, Unit tho committee thought
the time had now come when we should in-
crease tho salaries of these judges. 1. think
every body sees that it ought to be done. A
judge of the United States court can do do
other business.
Then thy question arose, how many classes
of thein shall we make? Manifestly those who
wore occupied all the time, and had very re-
sponsible and heavy duties to perlbim ought to
be paid something more than those in smaller
districts, where the expenses of living perhaps
were less, and there was less to do. Wo made
two classes, or rather three classes, because
the salary of the judge in California was fixed
at S.".,000 some years ago, and under tho Con-
stitution it cannot be reduced, but he is I,he
only one at that. Then there are several whose
salaries are now $1,500..
Mr. FESSENl)!'L\r. What are those?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The judges on the Pa-
cific, in Nevada and Oregon. There are sev-
eral whose salaries are now :>>,750, and some
We selected a few and placed them
at $1,500, and they are in those districts in
whieh_ the committee knew the judges were
occupied the whole time. The southern dis-
trict of Ohio is not one that we have put in
this class. The Senator from Ohio tells us
that Cincinnati is tho lavgest city in the West.
Well, its population is hardly so large as St.
Louis. Cincinnati is not quite as large as St.
Louis, according to the official returns of the
last census.
Mr. SHERMAN. Larger.
Mr. TRUMBULL, f think tho returns
show St. Louis to be a little larger; but we
have not embraced the judge at St. Louis in
this class. The judge at Chicago is embraced.
The population of Chicago is now upward of
two hundred thousand, and at Chicago, as
every body knows, thero is a great deal of ad-
miralty business. The shipping is very large
and the judge is occupied constantly. There
is doubtless a good deal of business at Cincin-
nati. We had before us the returns from a
number of these districts showing the number
of cases and we made this classification on the
evidence that was before us.
If you embrace the Cincinnati district the
Senators from Missouri will ask that the judge
presiding at St. Louis shall have $4,500; and
my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] is about
to move that the judge who presides at Mil-
waukee, a largo city on tho lake, shall have
$4,500; and my friend from Michigan [Mr.
Howakd] will insist upon it for the judge in his
district. .
Mr. HOWE. What is the authority for the
Senator's statement in regard to me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood my friend
in his quiet way to say that if this was adopted
he should go for it in another district.
Mr. IIOWE. I certainly did.
Mr. TRUMBULL. At any rate tho Sena-
tor from Michigan, as I understand him, said
that if the judge of the southern district of
Ohio was put in tho $4,500 class lie would
move to insert in it the judge for the eastern
district ol' Michigan.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand there is not
as much business in tho two districts of Michi-
gan as in the northern district of Ohio, the
court for which is held at Cleveland, but I do
not propose to raise tho salary of that judge.
The amount of business in the district court
for the southern district of Ohio, as tho returns
show, is, I think, fully as large as in any dis-
trict. west of the mountains.
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me a word?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. 1IO WARD. 1 think upon a comparison
of the statistics of the amount of business done
in the court to which the Senator from Ohio
refers, tho southern district of Ohio, with that
done in tho eastern district of Michigan, it will
turn out that the business in the latter district
is larger. 1 have very little fear of tho result
of such a comparison.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not design to take
up tho time of the Senate in regard to this
question, or to argue it. I only wish to say to
the Senate about what the Senator from Ver-
mont has said, that if you depart from the rec-
ommendation of the committee you will have
the matter up here upon almost every district.
Mr. W11 jSO N. We had better vote it all down.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think not. I think
tho Senator from Massachusetts is mistaken in
what public duty and good policy require. If
ho thinks wo should keep the salaries at tho
sums that are now paid, be it so. He may
say that they may resign; but when men have
been judges for some years, are out of other
business, and arc good judges, it is difficult
for (hem to get into practice again. Wo must
have judges of those courts. I think the public
service would suffer by the resignation of these
judges. 1 do not believe we should act upon
any impulse growing out of a feeling toward
the Supremo Court on account of any decision
that has been made. This law will apply to
all the judges of all the districts and of all
polities. I think it is eminently just that the
salaries should be raised. [ should be glad to
vote to raise the salary of the judge in the
southern district, of Ohio and put it at $4,500.
I think he ought to have it from the little
knowledge I have of the amount of business
there. Still I will not vote for it now, because
we have arranged this amendment upon an
examination of all these salaries, and the com-
mittee unanimously I think agreed to report
the amendment as the Senator from Vermont
has proposed it as the best thing, considering
the whole matter, we could agree upon. I
trust the Senate will adopt it.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no disposition^ to
take up the time of the Senate in discussing
this amendment. I shall vote for it with a
great deal of pleasure. I have no doubt that
the Committee on the Judiciary have consid-
ered this subject very fairly and have come to
a very correct result: that they have allowed
a small increase of the salaries of the district
judges—a necessity which has existed in their
cases for several years to my own personal
knowledge. I give, as a single instance, the
condition of the judge of the eastern district of
Michigan, where I reside, and in whose court
I have been in the habit of practicing. It is
undoubtedly no exception to the general state
of things that exists among the judges. It is
undoubtedly true that the compensation of that
class of Federal judges has been and still is
quite too small. It has been in many cases
$2,500 a year, in some cases $2,000 a ye^; in
a few cases it has been raised from $2,w50 to
$3,000; but it is impossible, as we all.know,
for a gentleman who has no other business
from which to support his family to subsist
respectably upon this small salary, and some
of the judges have been almost in a state of
starvation. I have been told by certainly two
of them that they find it next to impossible to
make their ends meet at the close of the year
out of their salaries. I hope, therefore, that
the Senate will adopt the amendment suggested
by tho Committee on the Judiciary. I think
it is reasonable and by no means too high. I
trust that we shall not interfere with it in any
way, but adopt it as they have reported it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. This salary was
fixed doubtless when the office was a mere sin-
ecure, when little was done in it. Since tho
revenue business has grown up the district court
lias charge of all that business. I know that
in New Jersey there is more business done now
in one term, and the records will show it, than
used to bo done in twenty years. The salary
then was $2,000: it is proposed now to make
it $4,000. I know that there are a hundred
indictments tried a year in that court. While
New Jersey is but tho fourteenth State in the
Union in population, it is the sixth in point
of revenue, which brings an immense amount
of business before this court. Judge Field,
once a member of this Senate, an able lawyer,
gives his time exclusively to the discharge of
tho duties of that office, and the Government
of the United States pays him $2,000, while
the State of Now Jersey, which is frugal at
loast in its expenditures, pays her circuit
judges $4,300, more than as much again. My
opinion of it is that the Government cannot
afford not to raise the salaries of these judges:
it is economy to raise them. If not, the offices
will bo tilled by persons not competent to dis-
charge the duties. They now protect the rev-
enue and enforce the laws of Government.
Tho Government owes it to itself to raise these
salaries.
Mr. DIXON. The judges of the district
courts whose salaries are proposed to be raised
by this amendment arc by their occupation
excluded from every specics of employment
except that of a judge. A statute of tho
United Slates prohibits their practicing law in
the State courts; they cannot even act as
oounscl. I believe they cannot even draw a
paper, a conveyance : I think that is forbidden,
but I am not quite sure. At any rate they are
prohibited from advising or acting as counsel;
they have no occupation therefore to which
they can resort as a general rule. They are
acknowledged to be highly competent men.
They cannot, as is acknowledged everywhere,
live upon the salaries which they now receive.
Is it desirable, is it for the public interest, that
men in that position should be compelled to
perform the duties they perform on inadequate
salaries which are not- sufficient to support
them ? I caro nothing forthe clamor about rais-
ing salaries. I am willing to vote for what is
right. Why, sir, what has Congress done?
Wo have raised our own pay. Five thousand
dollars a year is not thought to be too much
for Senators and Representatives. I do not
say it is ; but certainly if it is not too^much,
what is proposed to be given is not too much
for a man who devptes all the energies of his
