306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
have said, with one voice, that it is not for their
good. '.This'alone should make us pause; but
it is not ail. The experiment has not been tried,
or so much as demanded by the people of the
several States for themselves. In but few of
the States has such an innovation been allowed
as giving the ballot to the colored population
without any other qualification than a residence
of one year, and in most of them the denial of
the ballot to this race is absolute, and by funda-
mental law placed beyond the domain of ordi-
nary legislation. In most of those States the
evil of such suffrage would be partial; but,
small &s it would be, it is guarded by constitu-
tional barriers. Here the innovation assumes
formidable proportions, which may easily grow
to such an extent as to make the white popula-
tion a subordinate element in the body-politic.
After full deliberation upon this measure, I
cannot bring myself to approve it, even upon
local considerations^ nor yet as the beginning
of an experiment on a larger scale. I yield to
no one in attachment to that rule of general
suffrage which distinguishes our policy as a
nation. But there is a limit, wisely observed
hitherto, which makes the ballot a privilege
and a trust, and which requires.of some classes
a time suitable for probation and preparation.
To give it indiscriminately to a new class,
wholly unprepared by previous habits and
opportunities, to perform the trust which it
demands, is to degrade it, and finally to destroy
its power ; for it may be safely assumed that
no political truth is better established than'that
such indiscriminate and all-embracing exten-
sion of popular suffrage must end at last in its
destruction. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, January 5, 1867.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The bill is now before
the Senate for reconsideration, and the question
is:' Shall the bill pass, the objections of the
President to the contrary notwithstanding ? By
the terms of the Constitution this vote must be
taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that the mes-
sage of the President be printed, and that the
further consideration of the subject be post-
poned until to-morrow.
Mr. MORRILL. So far as the printing of
the document is concerned, that seems to have
been anticipated ; it is already printed and on
our tables.
Mr. SAULSBURY. We have not had time
to read it, all of us.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope, Mr. President,
that the Senate feel themselves sufficiently
informed or possessed of the opinions of this
document to enable them to vote upon the bill
at the present time. Whether the question in
its present form of postponement is debatable or
not, I do not propose to state more than simply
the points raised in the message, and to say
that so far as I am concerncd I feci no embar-
rassment on the question; for there are but
three distinct points of objection raised at all by
this message, and each of those was considered
at large by the Senate when the bill was under
discussion. I will not occupy the attention of
the Senate at this moment. I hope the Senate
will come to a vote at the present time.
Mr. SAULSBURY'. I consider that it is
nothing but respectful to the chief executive
officer of this country that the message which
he has sent to this body should be printed. It
is true that sir.ee it has been brought to the
Senate, it has been laid on our tables in a
printed form, but a good many of us have had
no opportunity of reading it, or hardly of hear-
ing it read. We have been necessarily called
out of the Chamber by persons whom we are
bound to see. Being a communication from
the President of the United States, it is due to
him, whatever may be his political positio^, or
however antagonistic to his may be the position
of a majority of the Senate, that this message
should be printed and calmly and deliberately
considered; and on to-morrow, the first day
after it has been delivered to the Senate, the
honorable chairman of the Committee on the
District of Columbia may be able to show to
us some reasons why perhaps the bill should
bo passed, the objections of the President
to the contrary notwithstanding. I should
-like to look into the reasons assigned by the
Chief Magistrate of the nation why_ he has felt
it "his duty to interpose his objection and to
forbid the passage of this law, as far as he is
is concerned. There is no need for haste. I
presume that the bill will pass over the Presi-
dent's veto; but give us time to look into the
reasons assigned by the President, and above
all, he being the chief executive officer of the
country, let us treat him and his messages with
that respect which is always due to the Chief
Magistrate of the country.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not propose to occupy
the attention of the Senate in submitting re-
marks at large upon the message, but to advert
to the points as I have gathered them as the
document has been read.
I understand that the first objection which
the President makes to the passage of this bill
is that it is against the popular will of this
District. I had occasion to say when this bill
was under consideration that that fact does not
appear. It was not made to appear before the
committee, and I have not seen the evidence
of it in the Senate. The evidence which was
relied upon here on a former occasion, that
which is relied on by the President, is a vote
of the electors qualified to vote in the ordinary
affairs of the District. Now, the objection 1
took—perhaps it was more lawyer-like than
otherwise—was that this was a subject upon
which those electors qualified to vote in ordi-
nary affairs were not qualified to act. This is
a popular question; or, in other words, it is a
question of popular rights. It does not belong
exclusively or peculiarly to the persons who
are- qualified by law to vote in this District upon
the ordinary affairs of the District.
But, then, on this subject there is a more
conclusive answer still; and that is that this
question does not belong to the people of this
District in any sense whatever. This District
belongs, in the highest sense and the strongest
sense, to the people of the United States, and
upon all questions of popular rights here the
people of the United States, and not the people
of the District, are to control, I take it. We
are the representatives of this District as we
are the representatives of the country at large;
and beside us this District has no representa-
tive, and by the Constitution was not expected
to have. So in the sense that this question is
a question of popular rights, the people of this
District have no control over the subject at all.
It is a question, I repeat, belonging entirely to
the American people.
I said on a former occasion all I then deemed
necessary or now deem necessary to say if I
were to discuss this question more at large.
The next objection which the President takes
to this bill is that it violates the right of local
government which this people have. Why, sir,
what rights of local government have the resi-
dents of this District? Was this District or-
ganized in the sense of government? Was it
ever designed that this capital should be a gov-
ernment? Certainly not; othcrwise*they would
have been provided with a local Legislature, as
they are not; otherwise this District would
have been provided with representation, either
by Representatives, Senators, orDelcgates, nei-
ther of which is there. In no just sense what-
ever I conceive is the District of Columbia a
government, either local or general, and the
questions of local self-government do not arise
here. It is the capital of the United States;
that is all; exclusive jurisdiction is given to
the representatives of the nation. It is the
home, the local home, the residence of the
representatives of the American people, over
which they have exclusive control; and, sir,
no local government was contemplated here
originally. When this grant was provided for
in the Constitution of the United States, the
history of the times show that no local gov-
ernment was contemplated, and in conformity
with the general expectation it was governed
originally and in the beginning by commission-
ers chosen directly by Congress—^governed as
what? Governed as the capital of the United
States*, and that was all.
The next objection I notice upon which the
President lays stress, is that of the supposed
antagonism between the races which it is said
will arise here, and arising here will spread
throughout the country to the detriment of the
inferior race. . I had occasion to anticipate
this objection when the bill was before the
Senate before; of course I shall not detain the
Senate by repeating now what I then said. I
had supposed, I may be permitted to remark,
that this was a popular delusion, and would not
be repeated as an argument by the Executive
of the nation why justice should not be done
to a defenseless race.
Fourth, and the last statement: I hardly
know that I ought to say it is an objection
to the passage of this bill, but the fourth
specification or statement in this message is
that the dangers to be apprehended to popular
liberty in this country arising from the en-
croachments of the legislative rather than the
executive department of the Government. That
may be so or it may not; I know there has been
much speculation on that subject; but it is cer-
tainly time that an argument on that point,
whichever may be found to be the state of the
case, has no relevancy whatever to this meas-
ure. If the danger is precisely as the Presi-
dent apprehends, it is not a reason, it is not
an argument why this bill should not pass, it
has no reference to it; and as I propose to en-
deavor to get a vote on this bill to-day, 1 shall
postpone the consideration of that subject to
some future occasion, when certainly it can be
discussed with as much propriety as upon this
bill. With these remarks I content myself
with asking for the passage of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, when this
bill was considered at the beginning of the ses-
sion I contented myself by simply voting for
it, but only after serious reflection and after
listening to all that was said on either side of
the question. We are now required to recon-
sider our opinions. There comes to us a mes-
sage from the President of the United States
stating in the ordinary way his objections to
the passage of this bill. The message is re-
spectful in its terms, made in pursuance of his
constitutional duty, and it ought to be fairly
and fully considered. There is nothing now
in the message so far as argument is concerned.
The statements of the message are but a resumi
of the arguments already adduced in the Sen-
ate, where the subject was fully and ably de-
bated ; and probably nothing is said in the
message that was not more fully said in the
Senate. Still, as it is the duly of the Presi-
dent, where he withholds his assent to a bill
passed by Congress, to communicate his reasons
to the body in which the bill originated, it be-
comes our duty to give to his reasons a respect-
ful consideration.
The only criticism I can make on the
message itself is on that part of it in which
the President undertakes to warn the people
of the United States against the dangers of
the abuse of legislative power. lie quotes
from Judge Story that the legislative branch
may absorb all the powers of the Government.
He quotes aho the familiar language of Mr.
Jefferson, that one hundred and seventy tyrants
are more dangerous than one tyrant. I do not
think that there is any occasion for such a
I warning, because I am not aware that in this
j bill Congress has even assumed any doubtful
i power. The President himself admits that
I Congress has absolute legislative power over
this District, as full power as any State Legis-
lature could have, unrestrained by a constitu-
tion. The power of Congress over this Dis-
trict is without limit, and therefore in prescrib-
ing who shall vote for mayor and city council
of this city it cannot be claimed that we usurp
power or exercise a doubtful power. The only
question is as to the discretionary exercise of
a clearly admitted power.
