1746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. DELANO. I very much doubt if it has
ever been examined at all. I suspect it has
passed without the House knowing what it was
doing.
Mr. BINGHAM. Finding the law as it
stands I think it becomes the House to enforce
its own enactment and not allow the Secretary
of the Treasury to override an express provis-
ion of the law.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. THAYER. I move to strike out the
last word. I do not propose to take up any
time in the discussion, but it seems to me that
in the settlement of a question of fact in which
we are compelled to decide between the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and the official assur-
ance given to this House by the venerable
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
we ought not long to hesitate. We are assured
by the chairman of the committee that these
Philadelphia engravers have in good faith per-
formed their work for the Government, and
that the money is due. It appears upon the
statute-book that the Secretary of the Treasury
has been twice authorized by law to pay this
money, but has refused to do it. He so refuses,
it is alleged, upon some quibble raised in re-
gard to the language of the statute, which by
its words only " enables" him to pay. Now,
it is proposed to require him to pay a debt
which the committee report to be justly and
honestly due. Sir, for one, I do not hesitate
to say that in giving my vote upon this para-
graph of the bill I prefer to follow the recom-
mendations of my venerable colleague rather
than the capricious decision of the Secretary
of the Treasury ; and relying upon the assur-
ances given to the House by the committee, I
hope the House will compel the Secretary of
the Treasury, by the use of language which can
no longer be evaded, to do that justice to these
parties which in obedience to former laws he
ought to have done long ago.
Mr. MAYNARD. It will be recollected 
Mr. BOUTWELL. If the gentleman will
give me a minute or two, as I was the officer
of the Government who made the contract with
these men, I will state to the committee the
position in which I understand the affair to rest,
upon advertisements being published for fur-
nishing what are known as revenue stamps,
they made a bid which was in fact much below
the price for which any parties could properly
perform the work. These men went on with
the work and performed it faithfully in every
respect, serving the Government well and at
great loss to themselves. Under the original
act which was passed by Congress for relieving
them provision was made for taking as the
property of the Government the dies which had
been prepared by these contractors. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury in good faith employed
competent persons to ascertain the value of
these dies, or rather the cost of producing
them. It turned out that the cost of these dies
was between eight and ten thousand dollars.
The then Secretary of the Treasury and his
successor, acting I believe in good faith, have
refused to pay these contractors anything more
than was authorized by law to be paid for those
dies, the amount being between eight and ten
thousand dollars. This is the amount, as I
believe, to which the contractors are justly
entitled as claimants against the Government.
But, sir, knowing, as I do, the fidelity with
which the contractors performed this work, the
sacrifices which they made, the energy which
they exhibited in carrying it on under very
difficult circumstances, I am willing for one to
take the responsibility of voting to pay them
$20,000, because they did good service to the
Government and are well entitled to that
amount. But I feel bound to say, also, that
under the contract which the Government made
with them they are entitled to only between
eight and twelve thousand dollars, and that
the Secretaries of the Treasury who have had
this matter under consideration have acted, I
believe, in good faith with reference to it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to read the section of the act of 1863, and
I
then ask him a question in regard to it? That
section provides—
"That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized to allow Butler & Carpenter, contractors
for engraving internal revenue htamps,_ thirty per
cent, of the cost of engraving special (tied for that
iurpose, not exceeding in amount the sura of
120,000.''
This act was passed at the third session of
the Thirty-Seventh Congress, when the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] was
I believe at the head of the internal revenue
department. Will the gentleman be kind
enough to explain why this law was not exe-
cuted, and why this money was not paid by
virtue of that law ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. The reason is very
apparent. When that section was drawn and
submitted to the committee that introduced it
in the House it was supposed that thirty per
cent, on the cost of these dies would amount
to something like twenty thousand dollars ; and
Butler & Carpenter were willing to accept that
in full remuneration of all the service they had
performed for the Government. But when an
investigation was made, and competent per-
sons were employed to ascertain the cost of
producing these dies, it turned out that thirty
per cent upon the cost would amount to only
eight or ten thousand dollars, at most not
exceeding twelve thousand dollars. Therefore
the Secretary of the Treasury refused—very
properly as I conceive—to pay them any more.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. For the purpose of term-
inating debate I move that the committee rise.
The motion Vas agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Alli-
son reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had the Uniongenerally under consider-
ation, and particularly House bill No. 1227,
making appropriations and to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of
the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1867, and for other purposes, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 now move that when the
House resolves itself again into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the special order all debate on the pending
section shall terminate in one minute.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union to take up the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Allison in the chair.) and resumed the con-
sideration of House bill No. 1227, making
appropriations and to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867,
and for other purposes.
The question being on the amendment of
Mr. Upsox, to. strike out the words "and
require" in section four, it was not agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
section by striking out "twenty" and insert-
ing "twelve," so as to make the amount of
the appropriation $12,000.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurring on the motion to
strike out the section, it was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That the compen-
sation of the crier and bailiffsof the district court of
the United States for the district of Maryland shall
bo three dollars per day. and the temporary clerks
in tho Quartermaster General's office shall receive
the same pay as the clerks of class one.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend this
section by striking out the word "crier" and
inserting "criers;" by striking out "court"
and inserting "courts;" and by striking out
the words " tor the district of Maryland ;" so
as to read, "criers and bailiffsof the district
courts of the United States."
Mr. COOK. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me that I may present an amendment which
I think he will be willing to accept.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will hear it.
Mr. COOK. It is to strike out the section
and insert in lieu thereof the following:
That when the entire compensation of any marshal
of a district court of the United States, a  reported
to tho Secretary of the Interior, in accordance with
the third section of the act entitled "An act to regu-
late the fees and costs to be allowed clerks, marshals,
and attorneys of the circuit and district courts ol the
United States, and for other puiposcs," approied
February 26,1863, shall be less than tho sum ot S2.000
per annum, including all fees and emoluments re-
ceived for services rendered by deputy, the dilTerence,
to bo ascertained and allowed byttie proper account-
ing officer of theTreasury, shall be paid to him there-
from; that the criers and bailiffs ot the courts of the
United States, appointed in pursuance of tho act
above referred to, shall, in lieu of ull other compen-
sation, be allowed the sum of three dollars per day,
to be paid by the marshal and included in his ac-
counts, tho compensation to be given only for actual
attendance; and when both the circuit and district
courtsof the United States are in sesMonatone time,
to be paid only for attendance upon one court: fVo-
vided, That in lieu of all other compensation allowed
to the criers and bailiffs of tho circuit and district
courts of the United States held in the cities of Bos-
ton, New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Chicacro,
New Orleans, and San Francisco, they shall each be
allowed and paid for their services the sum of $940
per annum, to be paid,by, and included in tho ac-
counts of, tho marshal of such district out of any
money of tho United States in his hands; tho com-
pensation provided by this act to commence with tho
present fiscal year.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will modify my amend-
ment by accepting the amendment which has
just been read, which I understand lias been
prepared by the Committee on the Judiciary.
This section of the bill is rather peculiar.
There is, as is remarked by a gentleman near
me, a charming collocation in putting criers
and bailitfs of the district court of Maryland
along with temporary clerks in the Quarter-
master General's office. [Laughter.] My friend
from Pennsylvania will perhaps be reminded
of his early reading, and recall the line,
Desinit in pisccm muller formosa svpernc.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, I do not understand
that. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope we shall not have
any such incongruous legislation.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, some gentle-
man are very fond of criticising. Having here
a provision for the payment of bailiffs. I do not
see any incongruity in our adding to it a provis-
ion forthepaymentof clerks. Othergentlemen
may §ee the incongruity; but our committee
was toVstupid to see it. What the gentleman
said in his Indian dialect I do not understand.
[Laughter.]
Mr. COOK. I would like to say that the
amendment which I have offered has been pre-
pared by the Committee on the Judiciary, the ■
intention having been to report it as a separate
bill. It is necessary in certain of the southern
States that tho fees of the marshals should be
increased. It appears by a report of the Sec-
retary of the Interior that certain of the mar-
shals in North Carolina and South Carolina
receive less than $700 a year. I was informed
yesterday by the district attorney for the dis-
trict of North Carolina that it is impossible
that process should be executed unless some
provision of this kind be enacted. I hold in
my hand a letter signed by the district judges
of Connecticut, Vermont, and New York,
stating the absolute necessity that the fees of
the criers shall be advanced to the sum men-
tioned in this amendment in order that the
services of competent men may be obtained.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I desire to ask the
gentleman a question. What is the object of
increasing the pay of bailiffs? I understand
that they are simply constables. Haifa dozen
of them are appointed to take care of the court-
room, to see that the court has water, and to
take care of jurors. I submit that the word
"bailiffs" ought to be stricken out.. I think I
know something about this matter. These
officers are appointed to discharge the duties I
have mentioned. They now get more pay than
similar officers do in the State courts. Now,
in my opinion, there is no reason why we should
increase the pay of the constables who take
