1867.
TffiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
80?
So far as the President's argument as to the
dangers from the legislative power is concerned,
I submit that there can be bat little danger
from Congress; for our acts are but the reflec-
tion of the will of the people. This body—the
most permanent branch of the legislative au-
thority—is but twice removed from the will of
the people. We are elected by members of the
Slate Legislatures, who are elected annually or
biennially by the.people of the respective States,
and one third of this body is changed every two
years, so that after all it represents the popu-
lar will of the States who send us here. The
House of Representatives is more directly the
representative of the people, being immedi-
ately elected by them. The recent acts of
Congress at the last session, those acts upon
which the President and Congress separated,
were submitted to the people, and after a very
full canvass and a very able one, in which great
numbers of speeches were made on both sides
and documents were circulated, the people,
who are the common masters of the President
and Congress, decided in favor of Congress.
Unless, therefore, there is an inherent danger
from a republican Government, resting solely
upon the will of the people, there is no occa-
sion for the warning of the President. Unless
the judgment of one man is better than the
combined judgment of a great majority, he
should have respected their decision, and not
continue a controversy in which our common
constituency have decided that he was wrong.
I have not seen any effort on the part of this
Congress to unreasonably curb'the Executive or
to assume any doubtful authority. For the last
twenty or thirty years, and ever since the time
of General Jackson, there has been a growing
feeling in this country that the danger of an
undue increase of executive power was the im-
minent one. The President was not only using
his share of the legislative power, because by
hisveto he controls at least one third of the
legislative power, but he was" greatly increasing
his power by the use of the executive patron-
age. There has been no time in the history of
our Government when the executive patronage
has been used to a more dangerous extent than
it has been within the last six months. Usu-
ally the controversy arises within a party ; the
President selects agents within his party to
administer the executive functions; but by the
singular position of events now, the President
goes outside of the political party which elected
him, goes beyond those who contributed to his
election, and selects agents outside of that or-
ganization to perform nearly all the executive
functions of the Government.
But it is not necessary to pursue this matter;
I wished simply to refer to it. The language
of the message, as I have said, is courteous :'I
wish the President in his verbal speeches had
always been as courteous and kind in his re-
marks about Congress as he has been in his
messages. If so, it would probably have tended
to prevent a great deal of the bitterness of feel-
ing that may have been shown in the recent
canvass.
But to come to the question itself: the first
objection made by the President is that the
people of this District are opposed to this
measure. If this were a question whether one
mill or two mills or ten mills on the dollar
should be levied on their property, I would say
that we ought to defer to the wishes of the
people of the District. If it were a question
whether a new court-house should be built, or
any question affecting alone the people of this
District, the people of the District ought to be
consulted.
W hen the President says that in local matters
we ought to defer to the people of this District,
I think he is right. Congress has never been
as liberal to the people of the District in con-
ferring political power as I think it ought to
have been. My impression has been for years
that wc ought to form a legislative assembly, or
something in the naturo ot' a legislative assem-
bly, in this District, and confer upon it full
power over local affairs, and many of the laws
introduced here and passed, on the motion of
the_ District Committee, ought to be passed by
their local authorities ; and whenever sueh a
proposition is made here I shall be most ready
to vote for it. Indeed, the growing wants of
one hundred thousand souls, the wealth that is
accumulating here, the industries that are be-
ing built up, the railroads that have been and
are being constructed here, all demand some
kind of local legislative authority, and I am
perfectly willing to give that local legislative
authority to the people of the District.
But that is not the question here. This is a
question as to who shall vote. This is pecu-
liarly a question for Congress to determine.
Even in a State it is not left to the local Legis-
lature to determine who shall vote. The Legis-
lature of Ohio does not prescribe the qualifi-
cations of a voter in that State. I believe in no
State of the Union can the Legislature prescribe
the qualifications of a voter. The prescription of
who shall vote is the highest act of power in any
government. It is an act of the people. After
it is once fixed it is only by a change of the
Constitution that the subject can be reached.
The people themselves, through a convention
duly elected, prescribe who shall vote; and even
if legislative power should be conferred upon
the people of this District no authority would
be given to them to say who should vote. That
must be fixed' by the supreme legislative author-
ity, and in the District it is admitted to be in
Congress.
Now that the white people of this District
should meet together and say that-other people,
equally interested with them, shall not vote is
an assumption of authority not justified by rea-
son. _ What right have the white people of this
District to say that the negroes shall not vote,
any more than the negroes have to say that the
whites shall not vote, except that they are the
most numerous ? The result was, when they
called an election, not in pursuance of a law,
not in accordance with law, but without law, to
determine who should vote, as a matter of
course a great many people remained away, and
only those voted who were in favor of exclud-
ing the negroes from voting. I do not pay the
slightest attention to this vote of the people of
the District. We are bound to legislate for
them ourselves. We prescribe who shall vote
in this District. It is a power clearly conferred
upon us ; and in the exercise of that power I
felt bound to take the broadest democratic rule,
to give to every one affected by the legislative
authority of this District a right to vote directly
or indirectly. So far as the families, the wo-
men and children, are concerned, we know
that they are represented by their husbands,
by their parents, by their brothers, by those
who are connected with them by domestic ties;
but so far as the black people of this District
are concerned, we knew that the white people
generally were hostile to them ; jealous of them ;
generally had a feeling of strong prejudice
against them. Now to say that the white peo-
ple of this District should vote for the black
people was simply saying that the black peo-
ple had no rights whatever which the white
people were bound to respect.
It has been the history in all Governments in
all struggles for liberty that the persons in pos-
session of power have always been the last to
share it with the others. If it is left to the
governing classes of England they will not
extend the elective franchise to the masses of
the people of England. A controversy is going
on, memorable in its character, at this moment
in England. A very small proportion of the
white male citizens in England vote; and the
struggle now there is, not for universal suffrage,
but it is. a struggle of a class to get into the
favored class. A singular spectacle is presented
of men of intelligence, of the highest merit,
of education, who have graduated at their col-
leges, being excluded from the right to vote
because they have not property. Every person
would say that such men, graduates of colleges,
men of intelligence, ought to vote; but they
cannot in England extend the franchise by any
general rule without reaching the body of the
p'eople; and when that proposition is there
made it is met by the very same arguments
that are here adduced by the President of tie
L nited States. It is objected that it is dangerous
to go down to a lower grade in society, because
you thereby admit to the polls ignorant people
unfit to exercise jprjiitical power. One of the
expressions usea by the President Is almost in
the very words uttered by a member of the
British Parliament recently, that it would not
do to trust the people to levy taxes, because
they di'd not o,wn the property to be taxed.
That has been the common argument with
which universal suffrage has been resisted in
all Governments.
In our own countiy our institutions are
founded mainly upon those of England, and
it took more than a hundred years to establish
in this country the right of general or univer-
sal suffrage; and even now in the State of
Massachusetts, which is considered one of the
most democratic or republican of States, they
exclude a portion of their people because they
cannot read or write. It seems to me that bow,
when we are founding a basis for civil society
in this District, we ought to make it as exten-
sive as possible; we ought to give every person
whose property is affected by local taxation
some right to be represented in the authority
which imposes those taxes. If this was a cor-
poration—and so far as the city of Washington
is concerned it is but a corporation—we ought
to apply to that corporation the same princi-
ple that is applied to all other money corpo-
rations, that every person who is interested
either in the protection of his rights or in the
protection of his property should have some
voice, directly or indirectly, in the Government.
The next objection which is urged by the
President is, that it is dangerous to the rights
of the whites to extend the suffrage to the
negroes. That is an argument which, I think,
answers itself. He admits in this message
that the colored population is less than one
third of the people of this District. The white
people have nearly all the property; they have
the control of every organ of public opinion;
they have the control of every newspaper; they
have control of nearly all the churches; they
are intelligent; they are white; and yet it is
said that one hundred thousand of them can-
not enter into a competition with thirty thou-
sand negroes! It is simply absurd.
But it is said that these negroes are igno-
rant. So they are. And if I could have drawn
any line of distinction between those who are
intelligent and those who are not intelligent I
would do so. I listened with great interest to
the argument of the Presiding Officer of this
body on this subjcct. I -should have been
willing, for the present at least, to apply an
intelligence qualification to the negro voters ;
but I came to the conclusion that it was im-
possible. You cannot draw a line and say
that a man who can read and write shall vote,
and that a man who cannot read and write
shall not vote. It is an uncertain test, a dif-
ficult test to be applied in any Government.
It is unjust here, because by your laws yon have
prevented this class from learning to read and
write. The mere habit of reading and writing
is no test of intelligence. It is true a man
who can read and write has opportunities of
acquiring intelligence which one who cannot
read or write has not; but it is no sufiieient
test upon which to base the great, right of suf-
frage. The very difficulty of drawing a line
compelled us either to exclude the whole black
population in this District from all right to
vote or else to extend it to all alike without
distinction of race or color. I think, there-
fore, the Senate of the United States did per-
fectly right when they abolished all distinctions
upon this subject, and as a general rale allowed
every head of a family or everj' male citizen to
exercise the elective franchise.
The President says this is not the time to try
the experiment. I say that it is precisely the
time. We have recently with great unanimity
passed a constitutional amendment, in which we
have endeavored to persuade in a gentle way
the people of the southern States to give some
