1750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
tion be made to enable this Department to pay the
amount as soon as practicable, bein«? satisfied that it
will be of more valuoto them now than at any future
period.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, 0. 11. BROWNING,
Secretary.
Hon. Thaddeus Stevens. Chairman Committee on
Appropriations, House of Representative*.,
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to say that I
have carefully examined the letter of the Sec-
retary of the Interior in hopes of finding good
ground in it or in the treaty stipulations to
which it refers for rejecting this large claim;
but after a very careful reading I have come to
the conclusion that we cannot escape the legal
obligations resting upon us to pay this claim.
It makes no difference whether, as the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
has said, the treaties were obtained by the use
of whisky or any other means. I know noth-
ing about that. They are here recorded in
the volume of our laws, and in accordance
with the Constitution those treaties are a part
of the law of the land.
Now, what says this treaty of 1866? I will
read a sentence from the tenth article of the
treaty, which is a perfect answer to all that has
been said about their connection in any way
with the rebellion.
" The United States reaffirm all obligation arising
out of treaty stipulations or acts of legislation in
regard to the Choctaw and Cherokee nations entered
into prior to the late rebellion, and further agrees to
renew the payment of all annuities and other moneys
accruing under such treaty stipulations and acts of
legislation from and after the 30th of June, 1866."
Mr. MAYNARD. Does that relate to any-
thing but their annuities?
Mr. GARFIELD. To all their claims and
treaty stipulations.
Mr. MAYNARD. What does that mean
when it says "after the 30th of June, 1866?"
Mr. GARFIELD. It means that they are
to be paid after that date.
Mr. MAYNARD. I submit that it means
their annuities are to be paid after that date.
Mr. GARFIELD. If it means their annu-
ities only, why does it say their '' annuities and
other moneys accruing under treaty stipula-
tions?" Now, I say, tracing this matter down
step by step, from the first adjustment of this
claim by the Senate and the treaty stipula-
tions, through the supplemental account made
up by the Secretary of the Interior, which ac-
count was submitted to the Senate, and by the
Senate in 1860 reduced $600,000 and then
allowed, another law appropriating $500,000
still further reducing the ciaim, and the remain-
der left standing on treaty stipulations, and
only suspended during the rebellion, and re-
vived again by treaty last June, it seems to me
that we are as firmly bound as the United
States can be by treaty and by law to pay this
claim, and I know of no way of escaping it. We
of course can keep it away from these people
by brute force of numbers here; but if we
design to keep our treaties and pay our debts
we ought to pay this claim.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. I renew the amendment
for the purpose of saying a few words. Sup-
pose the gentlemen who are in this Hall to-
night were sitting here as the directors of a
private corporation, does any man believe that
upon facts like those which havo been pre-
sented here we would audit and pay a claim
like this? Would any body of men, responsi-
ble as a board of trustees, ever sit upon facts
and circumstances like these and audit a claim
of upward of eighteen hundred thousand dol-
lars? If any man does think so, then I wish
he would take the trouble, as I have done, to
talk with Mr. Cooley, who is now within the
sound of my voice, and who made the treaty
from which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] has just read to sustain th« side of
the argument precisely opposite to that which
I think it supports. Whoever will talk with
him will find that in the estimation of this
man, intelligent and well-informed upon this
subject, this claim is worse than fictitious in
almost all its parts.
This treaty, which he concluded with these
Indians, bound the Government to pay to them
S2,300,000, and something more, in satisfac-
tion of everything, as he understood ; there
being a technical reservation in the treaty that
if it turned out that under existing stipulations
they could show themselves entitled to any-
thing more, they might "have their day in
court,'' so to speak, in order to establish this
remaining claim.
Now, I understand—and the chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, [Mr. Wis-
dom,] who I see is attending to this debate,
knows better than I do about this matter—
that Indians of this same tribe, if not the
tribe itself, are here, or about to be here, with
even more claims for damages sustained by
them during the late rebellion, by being re-
moved, expelled, or excluded from their lands.
If that shall turn out to be so, there is a provis-
ion under which an investigation shall be had,
and payment probably made, as the result of
that investigation.
And now, in the face of all this, on the last
night of the session—as cannot be too often
repeated—this claim comes here upon an ap-
propriation bill, stated, as I understand it, at
the maximum which this former treaty allows,
assuming everything that it is necessary to
assume in order to show that any amount is
due. And I regret that the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Grinnell] has offered, in the best
of faith no doubt, which amendment I was told
some time before we reached the consideration
of this section would be offered. I was not
told that it would be offered by him, for I have
no doubt his purpose was a good one ; but I
was told that the amendment would be offered,
and that it was for the purpose, to use the
phrase that was used to me, of "letting the
House down easy," and establishing a sort of
compromise about this claim, and lead us to
suppose that we were doing a very safe thing,
because the Indian Committee were a commit-
tee to whom we could look for right action ;
and then the Indian Committee were to be
surrounded by men—not Indians, not copper-
colored men, for they are not ordinarily the
men who own a magnificent claim like this—
surrounded by all the men interested in fur-
nishing ex parte statements, in bringing before
the committee all sorts of information, which
no committee, with reasonable diligence, with
no client or counsel to aid them, would be
expected to trace out for the puroose of show-
ing the fallacy of, if in truth the information
was fallacious.
Mr. STEVENS. I am rather surprised, Mr.
Speaker, that the usually logical gentleman
from New York [Mr. Conkling] should have
quoted so many parol cases, such as it would
not be admissible to introduce in an argument
in court. He talks about what he heard some-
body say out of doors, or perhaps in conversa-
tion in this Hall, in regard to the interpretation
of this treaty. My friend, who is one of the
very best lawyers in the country, knows that
everything of this kind would be spurned in a
court of justice; it would not be listened to for
a moment.
I ask that the concluding paragraph of the
report of the Secretary of the Interior may be
read. I believe it has not yet been read.
The Clerk read as follows:
The balance claimed by tho Choctaw nation is
clearly duo them, and for the payment of which the
laith ol tho Government issolemuly pledged. I there-
fore recommend that the necessary appropriation be
mado to enablo this Department to pay the amount
as soon as practicable, being satisfied that it will be of
more value to thom now than at any future period.'"
Now, sir, the question before us for determi-
nation is whether we shall repudiate the debts
of the Government and dishonor the nation,
or whether we shall abide by a treaty, a part
of the paramount law of the land. If we refuse
to pay what those treaties contracted for, what
the Senate liquidated, what is ascertained by
the Department to amount to-day to $1,800,000,
all that the President in his veto message to-
day has said about us is true, every word of
it; and we are not worthy to be considered as
abiding by the Constitution.
Sir, that these Indians were hostile may be
true, and probably is. But, sir, by the treaty
of 180(5 all that was condoned; they were rein-
stated in all their rights by the terms of that
treaty. It was provided that only the past annu-
ities should be forfeited, and that their future
annuities should commence at. a certain time.
Sir, this sets at rest all the stories which tho
gentleman from New York has heard out of
! doors—all this clamor about these Indians.
! Sir, the Indians of this Choctaw tribe are as
i civilized and as sober as this House, even
j with the aid of the Congressional Temperance
j Society. [Laughter.] They have as good
schools as are to be found in the State of New
j York—schools that would be an honor to any
country. These Indians went into the rebellion
probably for the same reason which influenced
most of the southern people—because they
were slaveholders. The moment they returned
to their allegiance they abolished slavery, even
before it was abolished elsewhere. They are
now a free people, although at the time of the
rebellion there were individuals among them
owning as many as one hundred and eighty
negroes. They are now reinstated in their
allegiance and their rights under the Govern-
ment ; and by a treaty, duly concluded by the
Executive and the Senate, it has been sol-
emnly decreed that this sum shall be paid
them.
We are told by some gentlemen—and this
also is a mere matter of parol—that there was
a thin house when this matter was acted on
by the Senate. Is it intended to argue that
therefore the treaty is not binding? Is such
logic as that to be used to influence the minds
of sensible men? And is the clamor about
frauds to be got up here to induce us to violate
solemn contracts entered into by the Govern-
ment?
Mr. Chairman, in order to terminate debate
I move that the committee rise.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
will allow some little time to gentlemen on
this side.
Mr. WARD, of New York. I hope we shall
come to a vote on this question, that we may
have some probability of passing this bill
during the present Congress.
The motion of Mr. Stevens was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Allison re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union having had under consid-
eration the Union generally, and particularly
the bill (H. R. No. 1227) making appropria-
tions and to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1807, and for
other purposes, had directed him to report
that the committee had come to no resolution
thereon.
ENROLLED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills and a joint resolution
of the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (H. R. No. 1059) for the relief of
Sylvanus Sawyer and William E. Ward.
An act (H. R. No. 710) to pay and discharge
certain debts and expenditures to the corpor-
ation of the city of Washington.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 174) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to audit ana
pay the claim of John R. Beckley.
closing of debate.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all debate in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, on the pending section of the defi-
ciency bill be closed within two minutes after
its consideration shall be resumed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I want five minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. I will say ten minutes, then.
The motion was agreed to.
motion Foil KECESS.
Mr. HENDERSON, (at ten minutes past
one o'clock, a. m.) Mr. Speaker, this is Sun-
