THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Nothing body. Then instead of throwing suf-
frage to the dogs and giving it to everybody,
suffrage was said to be a great right of the Amer-
ican citizen, the chosen heritage ofthe American
people, not to be thrown out to foreigners and
strange people who came- from' everywhere.
How I put it to you, Mr.' President, to look
back ten years. I do not know whether the
honorable Senator from Maine was a member
ofthe Know-Nothing party; but supposing him
to hare been in the Congress of the United
States at that time, and supposing he were there
to have introduced this proposition, what would
p'ubli&opinion have said then ? What will pub-
lic opinion say next year? I say to him now
the public opinion in the District of Columbia,
whether the Committee on the District knows
it or not, is unanimously or nearly so against
his measure.I tell him "further that the opinion
of the American people, the mass of them, is
nearly unanimous against it, too. I agree that
there are plenty of the American people who
for some reason or other do not like the Dis-
trict of Columbia very well. They think it has
rather a southern aspect; that there are many,
southerners living here; that it has rather been
rebelliously inclined, and they do not care,
they would probably delight in cramming negro
suffrage down upon it; but no man is fool
enough, even among them, to believe that this
will benefit either the negro or the white man.
It may be very comfortable in the hour of party
rage and party passion to be able to do that to
an antagonist when you have him down and
when you have the exclusive power to legislate
for him. I have no doubt but that there are
large numbers of the American people who are
exceedingly anxious to compel negro suffrage
through the southern States. But has any one of
them ever made an argument to show that the
southern States would be better governed; that
there would be more peace and more quiet in
consequence of it? I have never heard those
arguments if they have been made, and I do not
know how anybody could make them.
My friend from Ohio excepts to this message
of the President because the President happens
to have said in it that the legislative power of
a country is most likely to encroach upon the
other departments. He goes into a labored
argument to show that it is impossible that they
can encroach. Why, sir, what was the reason
the Federal Constitution was made, what is the
reason why our States have made constitu-
tions ? If legislatures are always right, if they
are always obedient to the monitions and the
will of the people, what are your constitutions
for? Is not a constitution made to restrain
the legislature? Is it not made to restrain
the legislature just as the law is made to re-
strain the individual? Why restrain the legis-
lature? Because there is a possibility that the
legislature may do wrong, may encroach.
That very possibility stood up so strongly before
the eyes of our fathers that they made a con-
stitutional wall against it; but now the honor-
able Senator from Ohio says there is no danger
from it at all. Oh, there was no danger", of
course, from a legislative assembly in France
during the revolution; that convention was
perfectly safe; it was the representative of the
people; but what did it end in? It ended'in
the destruction of everything, sacred and pro-
fane ; all went down in an indiscriminate mass
together.
Mr. President, legislatures are dangerous,
executives are dangerous, courts are dangerous.
Power is always dangerous. Power must al-
ways be curbed and must always be restrained,
and I fear me very much that constitutions will
fail to do it. " Eternal vigilance is the price
of liberty," never to sleep in the presence of
these encroachments. The honorable Senator
might find this Congress in such a shape that
a minority could govern the majority if certain
precedents are followed. The majority in this
body can turn out a refractory member. The
majority in this body can turn out a member if
he does not happen to be elected by a majority
of the Legislature of his State in the way that
this body thinks that majority ought to clect. I
January
7,
A majority in this body and in the other House
have undertaken to build up a wall around
themselves by requiring those who come from
certain sections of the Union to take an oath
that none-of them can take. Does not that
look a little like encroachment on the part of
the legislative body? What right have we to
affix a qualification to a Senator when he
comesintothisbody? If, accordingto theorigi-
nal bargain, Pennsylvania elects a man thirty
years of age, a resident of that State, who, if
naturalized, has been nine years a citizen, who
is willing to sweair to the Constitution, by what
right can the other Senators here say to him
and to Pennsylvania: "This man whom you
have sent as your representative cannot come
in?" Why? "Because he cannot do some-
thing which we require him to do." Has not
Pennsylvania a right to ask: "By what warrant
do you require him to do this, that, or the
other thing? Is it in the Constitution that he
shall do these things? _ If we send men here
who have all the constitutional qualifications,
where does the right come from to impose
others?"
But, sir, there were precedents for this.
Cromwell, "who wanted to have a Parliament
to suit himself, administered his oath at the
door: "You may come in, gentlemen, to legis-
late for the Commonwealth of England, but
there is one thing you must swear you will not
do;" and what is that? "Why, inquire into
my power and authority; hands off that." The
French convention undertook to stop at the
doors of its halls a certain number of the dele-
gates and keep them out in order that the re-
mainder might have full control. Was there
no danger of usurpation there, of encroach-
ment? Was there no danger when Colonel
Pride purged the Long Parliament with a
couple of squadrons of dragoons ? And this
was on the_ same principle precisely. A ma-
jority get in and when they get in th'ey say:
"We will turn the key and nobody else shall
come in." How are you going to do it?
Either keep them out at the doors or put them
out if they come in, or build up some new qual-
ification wall that they cannot get over. I
should not be at all astonished in the fluctua-
tions of parties to find ten years from this
time a wall built up here that every man who
would not swear that he had never been an
abolitionist, never been a Radical, never been
in favor of negro suffrage, should not come
in. That might just as well be made as any
wall you can build up. You may just as well
require a man to swear that at the door as
anything else. If you can make him purge
himself of his crimes, why can you not of his
heresies ? That canonical system of laws, how-
ever, never was very popular, and I do not think
that it ought to be.
Then, Mr. President, this bill is against the
will of the people of the District, the people
who are to be affected by it. And I say fur-
ther that it is against the will of the American
people. 1 say that wherever this issue was
attempted to be started, excepting, perhaps, in
the New England States, it was repudiated in
the last canvass by the winning party every-
where, and the proposed amendments to the
Constitution were triumphantly pointed to to
show that the question of suffrage was still to
be left to the States. Negro suffrage was dis-
avowed everywhere south of New England. If
so, how can it be said now that this is in accord-
ance with the will of the American people? It
could be far belter said that it is against their
will than that it is in accordance with* it.
There is another point put by the President,
and if I remember aright (because I have not had
an opportunity to read the message, and only
heard a portion of it imperfectly) that is unan-
swerable ; and I defy the honorable Senator
from Maine, with all his ingenuity, to answer
it. How do you undertake to say that it is the
will of the American people to establish negro
suffrage in the District of Columbia when it has
not been done in Ohio : when it has not been
done in Pennsylvania; when it has not been
done in New York; when it has not been done
in the States from which almost all those gen-
tlemen come who are eager for it here? How
is that to be answered? If a gentleman repre-
senting a State strongly imbued with this senti-
ment, so strongly that«it itself had made it a
part of its organic law, came here advocating
it for the people of the District of Columbia, I
should pay great heed to his advice and to his
counsel; but I do not. understand with what
face he can come here and propose to saddle
this measure upon this population, happening
to be at his mercy, when he refuses to inaugu-
rate it and carry it out at home. If the insti-
tutions of the American people are to he taken
as expressive of their will, indicative of their
wishes in this behalf, I say to the honorable
Senator that the great mass of the people are
against him and against his scheme. This
cannot be disputed. There is no constitution
in the Union which has adopted this principle
of manhood suffragethe people of no State in
the Union have adopted it; and yet this is said
to be desired by the American people.
You cannot attribute to the American people,
as such, malice, ill-will; at least we cannot
presume that they intend to inflict a punish-
ment upon the District of Columbia rather
than confer a benefit upon it. And yet this
will be the effect of it, and to no purpose; not
to secure the negro; not to give him better
laws; not to protect his person; not to protect
his liberty any better; not to send him into a
court that will be more favorable to him, or to
give him any advantage whatever, except to
intermeddle with the distribution p{ taxes
raised to clean out gutters and sewers, and to
keep the streets in order. Perhaps if he can
attain to a majority here and get control of the
city he will himself distribute, and distribute
as he chooses, the hundredfold of taxes that
the whites pay into the public Treasury more
than he does. That will be the effect of it.
Mr. President, I have only said what I have
said because I was unwilling to allow this
occasion to go by without replying to the sug-
gestion which has been made here on the floor
of the Senate, that the people who are to be
affected by legislation in this case have nothing
to do with determining the question of its pro-
priety or impropriety. The idea has always
been thrown out that this is the place to make
experiments. Why make the experiment here
more than anywhere else? Do the people of
this District belong to the United States for
all purposes, or for only one purpose? If they
do not belong to the United States for all pur-
poses, for what particular purpose do they
belong? Is it not that the General Grovern-
ment may be located here, and nothing more?
If it is nothing more than that, are they not in
all other respects American citizens, like other
citizens, entitled to the same rights, entitled to
the same protection and the same considera-
tion? Have we a right to tyrannize over these
people and to make them do things they do
not want to do; make them change their insti-
tutions in a fundamental point of view ; and
why? Not because they want it, but it is
rather because they are opposed to it than
otherwise.
Mr. President, I have no hope that there
will be any change in the foreshadowed result
in this ease ; but it is well to know that there
are some thing? at least which may be said in
answer to the criticisms made by honorable
Senators upon the message.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I believe
that the author of this message, while he was
'■'swinging around the circle,'' frequently
referred to his political consistency, and I am
inclined to think that this veto maintains his
claim in that respect, and that he is now what
he said he was at the conclusion of the war—
the Moses ofthe black race and in favor of ex-
tending to them the right of suffrage. During
the canvass of 1864, if I am not mistaken, the
President, tiien a candidate for office, declared
that he was in favor of committing the organ-
ization of the rebel States to the loyal white
and black men of the South, without making
any discrimination as to color, and in the sum-
