1867.
HEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
mer of 1865 he transmitted a dispatch to
Governor Sharkey, of Mississippi, in which he
advocated the extension of qualified suffrage-
to the black men of that State. Since that time
upon various occasions, and particularly to
one Mr. Stearns, and I think to the honorable
-Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Hekderson,] he
expressed his conviction that qualified suf-
frage should be .extended to the negroes of the
United States, and according to_my informa-'
tion he declared that if he was in Tennessee
and could vote upon that question he would
vote to extend suffrage to the black men of
that State. And, sir, this message seems to
me to be somewhat consistent with the decla-
rations which the President has heretofore
made on this subject, for I find in one para-
graph that he is in favor, as he says, "of the
gradual and harmonious introduction of this
new element into the political power of the
country.'' Now, sir, to concede that the
negroes of the United States are to be an ele-
ment in the political power of this country is to
answer all the objections which the President
makes to this bill, except those that are of a
local character.
It seems, then, that there is no difference in
principle between the President of the United
States and the majority in Congress as to negro
suffrage. Both are in favor of that kind of suf-
frage, and the difference is as to the degree or
extent to which it shall be exercised. Congress,
so far as the District of Columbia is concerned,
has extended the right of suffrage to the black
men above a certain age and who have resided
within the District for a certain time, while the
President in his advocacy of negro suffrage has
favored other qualifications; and because the
President differs from the majority in Congress
upon that matter of qualification, he has seen
proper, in the exercise of the veto power, to
overrule the judgment of Congress, not upon
any constitutional ground or question of princi-
ple. but upon a mere matter of opinion.
Now, sir, it certainly cannot be so alarming
as the President represents it to be to extend
suffrage to the black men in this District, when
he has favored its extension to black men else-
where, when not only the majority in Congress
favor negro suffrage, buttheleadingDemocratie
journals of the United States have espoused
the same cause. Sir, we find the President,
the majority in Congress, the Chicago Times,
the Boston "Post, the Albany Argus, the lead-
ing Democratic journals of the country favoring
negro suffrage in some way. Since the public
judgment has become so convinced of its neces-
sity and justice there seems to be no very good
reason for sustaining this message.
It has been objected by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, repeating what the message says,
that Senatora here undertake to force negro
suffrage upon the people of this District when
the States they represent do not allow suffrage
to the negroes. 1 will ask the honorable Sen-
ator if by the enactment of a law suffrage could
be granted in the States, the legislative assem-
blies now in session would not extend to col-
ored persons the right of suffrage. To change
a constitution takes time. Conventions have
been called in some of the States for that pur-
pose. and in other States they are preparing to
call conventions ; but if by a law suffrage could
be extended to the negroes of Pennsylvania as
it can be to the negroes of the District of
Columbia, I have little doubt that before the
present Legislature adjourned negroes there
would enjoy the elective franchise.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to ask the
Senator from Oregon how many negroes there
are in the State he represents here, and whether
they allow them the right of suffrage in the
State from which he comes?
ilr. WILLIAMS. I have to say, sir, that
there are but few negroes in the State which I
represent, and, like other States, they are not
allowed the right of suffrage for the constitu-
tion of that State was formed 
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then let me ask the
Senator another question: why does he force
this measure npon a people where one third or
one fourth of the population consists of negroes,
as in my State, when he will not allow the
miserable remnant of the negro race in his
own State the right of suffrage? Will he explain
to the Senate how he can reconcile that with
the spirit ofjustice, right, and propriety?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am not advocating the
extension of the elective franchise to the
negroes in the State of Delaware.
Mr. SAULSBURY. But you are in favor
of it, sir.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The question now before
the Senate is as to whether negroes should
enjoy the elective franchise in the District of
Columbia, and I say that I believe a majority
of the people represented here in Congress
are in favor of this bill, and my reasons for
■believing so are these: during the last session
a bill similar to this passed the House of Rep-
resentatives, and a bill was also passed by that
House extending the elective franchise to the
negroes in all the Territories of the United
States. The members 
Mr. SAULSBURY. May I ask 
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to finish my sen-
tence.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask the gentleman
whether he was not a member of the conven-
tion of Oregon that excluded the negroes in
that State from the right of suffrage, and whether
he did not vote for that exclusion?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, that is
altogether foreign to this question; but I can
explain that matter. There was a strong party
in Oregon at the time its constitution was
formed in favor of establishing slavery in that
State; and it was exceedingly difficult to defeat
that party, because there was an effort made
to make it the doctrine of the Democratic
party, and to exclude from that organization
all men who did not favor the pro-slavery policy
there, and such was public opinion in the State
of Oregon at that time that to defeat the estab-
lishment of slavery it was made necessary for
the men who opposed it to introduce into that
constitution a clause which denied to negroes
the right of suffrage and other rights. It was
for the purpose of defeating the institution of
slavery in that State that the constitution was
made in the form it now is.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Did you vote in favor
of that, sir, and in giving that vote did you act
conscientiously or under compulsion?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I do not
like to be diverted from the subject before the
Senate; but I say that I was determined, if
possible, to defeat the institution of slavery in
Oregon, and that, in my judgment, it was
necessary in order to prevent its establishment
there to concede somewhat to a public opinion
which then predominated in that State.
I was compelled to choose between two evils,
and, in my judgment, it was better as there
were no negroes at that time in the State, and
few could reasonably be expected to come
there, to provide in the constitution that they
should not have the elective franchise than it
was to allow slavery to be established in the
State of Oregon. But, sir, all that is entirely
foreign to the question before the Senate.
I say that I am bound, as it seems to me, as
a Senator upon this floor, not to act upon this
subject in conformity to the wishes of a part
of the people of the District of Columbia, but
to act in conformity with the wishes of the
people whom I represent upon this floor, or in
accordance with a majority of all the people
represented here. Now-, if the legislative as-
sembly of the State of Ohio should instruct
my honorable friend [Mr. Wade] to vote for
universal suffrage in the District of Columbia.
I ask if he would not be bound to obey the
instructions of the State which he represents,
although in so doing he might act contrary to
the wishes of the people in this District? So
if the people of my State, in my judgment, by
their elections or by their legislation instruct
mo to vote for the extension of the elective
franchise to the negroes in this District. I am
bound to obey their wishes, notwithstanding
the fact that a portion of the people in this
District may object.
But I was undertaking to show, that in my
judgment, the people of the United Stales were
in favor of this bill. The men who voted for
the bill at the last session in the other House,
and who passed a law extending the right of
suffrage to negroes in the Territories, went
home to their constituents, gave an aceount of
their proceedings, and were indorsed and re-
turned ; and the people through them - bow
demand the consummation of this act by the
Congress of the United States. So I claim that
this act has been before the people; there has
been a popular verdict upon the question, and
the judgment of the people has been distinctly
expressed in favor of this kind of legislation.
I think therefore, Mr. President, that there
are no valid objections to the passage of the
bill, and that this message which the President
has submitted is one that does not concern the
principle involved, but simply takes issue with
Congress as to the time when the right of suf-
frage should be extended to the negroes in this
District; for I understand him to say that they
are to become at some time an element in the
political power of this country. It seems to
me that Congress is just as competent to decide
as to whether the negroes of this District are
now sufficiently intelligent to vote or not as
the President of the United States, unless he
has some extraordinary means of information
which are not possessed by Gongress. And
when wg look at what has transpired, during
the late war, and see that these blaek men,
ignorant as they are represented to be, were
able then to understand the issues before the
country and take the right side in the contro-
versy, it seems to me that there is at least some
ground for supposing that they have sufficient
intelligence to judge of other questions that
may arise involving the welfare or safety of
the country.
Mr. JOHNSON. This is the only opportu-
nity which I have had of giving, as I snail do
in a very few words, my reason for not being
enabled to vote for the bill. My friend, the
chairman of the committee by whom the bill
was reported, supposes that the people of the
District of Columbia are not entitled by any
provision found in the Constitution to the
blessings of a government of their own, that '
they are placed entirely under the jurisdiction
of the Congress of the United States, that the
Congress is their Legislature, and that nobody
else, not even themselves, have a right to com-
plain of the manner in which Congress shall
exert their power.
In what I am about to say I shall be found
to differ with the opinions of men of distinction
in the past, to whom the nation has been in
the habit of looking with reverence and respect.
It is true that, in my opinion, everything which
Congress, from the very nature of our institu-
tions, is not prohibited from doing, Congress
can do by legislation with reference to the Dis-
trict of Columbia. The only limitations upon
the powers of Congress are not to be found in
the words of the clause which invests Congress
with the power, for they are very comprehen-
sive—they are authorized to legislate for the
District of Columbia in all cases—but are to
be found in the nature of the government, and
the particular individual guarantees to be found
in the instrument. Those guarantees of per-
sonal liberty, personal rights, rights of prop-
erty, are equally operative upon Congress, in
the" discharge of its powers over the District
of Columbia, as they are operative upon Con-
gress in the discharge of its authority in mat-
ters of legislation over the States.
Thirty or forty years after the Constitution
was adopted, a notion was entertained by the*''
men to whom I have referred that, although
there was no express prohibition upon the
authority of Congress in its power to legislate
over the District of Columbia, there was an
implied one. The implication that was then
made was, that having accepted from Maryland
