SI 2
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January .7,
and from Virginia, cessions of the territory
which nomcotnpose the District, or did at one
time compose the District, there was an implied
obligation" upon the part of Congress, entered
•into'from 'the very first of those cessions, that
tBey would not interfere with the institution of
■slavery. I never entertained that opinion, and
6ertainly do not entertain it now; but it was
.entertained not .only-by Mr. Calhoun, who may
have beenconsideredsomewhatprejudiced, and
his opinions, the result of that prejudice, be-
cause-of his view; of the benefits of the institu-
tion of slavery; but it was entertained by Mr.
Clay, and it was measurably entertained by Mr.
Adams* i Mr. Adams, I think, in a speech in
•the House of Representatives, stated that he
'would never agree to abolish .slavery in the
•District of Columbia without first taking the
senke of the people of the District, and acting
as they might decide upon the question whether
the institution was to exist or was to be abol-
ished. He seemed, therefore, to consider that
because of the sources of the cession, and be-
cause of the inference to be drawn, which was
that the persons who became residents of the
District had the right to suppose that the insti-
tution itself would remain until they were will-
ing to abolishit, it would be wrong to abolish
it without their consent. He assimilated it to
the authority w^iieh the. States have over the
same subject.
• The States unquestionably had a right to
■abolish slavery. Whether that right was lim-
ite€ or qualified so as to compel them to give
compensation to the masters of the sjaves was
a different question; but with reference to the
authority to abolish slavery, no one ever doubted
that it was possessed by the State governments.
The State governments, however, were to exert
it only as their people should will, and Mr.
Adams' view was that, although not so expressly
provided, it was but just and proper that the
same legislation by Congress in the District,
when proposed, should be submitted to the
judgment of the people. My friend from Maine
has well said that there is nothing in the Con-
stitution which gives to the people of the Dis-
trict the right of self-government in the ordi-
nary acceptation of the term. That is so; but
if he will refresh his recollection by reading the
debates, particularly in the convention of Vir-
ginia, he will find that the objection made to
the Constitution, because of that sweeping au-
thority vested in Congress, was met by Mr.
Madison upon the ground that Congress would
at onco give the people of the District a gov-
ernment for themselves. Instead of doing what
it was supposed, and he said was properly sup-
posed, would be an inconvenient if not imprac-
ticable authority; the right to legislate in all
local matters which might occupy the greater
part of the time of Congress and take away
from the Representatives in Congress somewhat
of the time and the reflection which should be
devoted to the great interests of the country,
he said that Congress, as a matter of course,
would give them some form of self-government.
Upon reasons of policy which are very obvious,
the people of the District were not permitted
to legislate upon any subject at all except with
the authority of Congress, because otherwise
Congress itself might be under some local
influence, or there might be some clashing of
authority between itself and the municipal,
government. But subject to the right of Con-'
gress at any time to interfere, either by repeal
or otherwise, with any improper legislation
which any local legislature they might authorize
might fall into, it was but just and right, con-
sonant to the principles on which our Govern-
ment was placed, that they should havea gov-
ernment of their own in reference to their mere
local interests and individual rights.
If I am right as to this, and I know I am
right historically, the honorable member from
Maine is mistaken in supposing that the people
of this District have not just as much right to
be consulted about the government of the Dis-
trict as the people of Maine have a right to be
consulted about the government of Maine.
They cannot control it by their votes. That is
quite a different question. They have no
authority to interpose any .veto to any legis-
lation which Congress may think proper to
adopt; but they certainly have a right, when
you are about to legislate upon matters which,
as they think, materially affect their rights and
interests, perhaps their safety, to be heard,
respectfully heard, not obeyed, because they
are not constituents of ours, but followed, pro-
vided they satisfy us that the grounds upon
which they appeal to us are well founded.
The question then is, is it right to impose
upon them this measure? They say not. They
say it in respectful terms. They have done it
in the most solemn manner in which a people
can act. Every qualified voter, as I understand,
has voted against the necessity or the propriety
of this measure, and has asked to be protected
from it. Are their reasons sound, or can any
other reasons than those which they assign be
given? If either is the case, it becomes Con-
gress to listen and to be guided by the judg-
ment to which they may ultimately come.
Now, what is the condition of the District?
I do not know how many slaves were here;
there were comparatively few free negroes I
believe at the time you- abolished slavery sev-
eral .years ago.
Mr.-MORRILL. Between three and four
thousand slaves and ten thousand free negroes.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am told there were ten
thousand free negroes and between three and
four thousand'slaves. Efforts have been made
on this floor, but always without success, to
show that under the clause in the constitutional
amendment abolishing slavery, which gives to
Congress the authority to pass any appropriate
legislation, the right of suffrage could begiven to
th^freedmen. There is nothing in that which at
the time i^as intended, or which any member
of the Senate or the House has ever been able
successfully to prove since, justifies Congress
in giving to those people the right of suffrage
as a constitutional right. Congress is author-
ized to pass such legislation as it may be neces-
sary to pass to effect the purpose of the aboli-
tion of slavery. If under that constitutional
amendment no such power as that which we
are about to exert now by legislation was in-
cluded, why was it not included ? If it is right
now to give to these people the right of suf-
frage, why was it not right then? And if it'is
right now to give it to them in the District,
why was it not right then; and why was it not
right then to give it to all of the class who are
now free people in the several States? And yet
nobody proposes that; nobody has suggested it
even, except one or two. I believe my friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sotiseb] has beenj
from the first of the opinion that the right ot
suffrage should be given to negro males. He
hasnot brought himself as yet to believe tliatit
should be given to negro females. Then if you
not only did not give, but carefully avoided giv-
ing, to these people in the several States the
right to vote 
Mr. MORRILL. At this point of the Sen-
ator's argument I should like to remind him
that at the very period of the formation of the
Constitution to which he refers the right of
suffrage was given to all freemen of color in
all the States with the single exception of South
Carolina; it was held in all the States every-
where to be the right of every freeman without
regard to color, except in the single State of
South Carolina.
Mr. JOHNSON. That makes what I was
about saying still stronger toward the end for
which I cited it. It was left to the people of
the States to regulate the suffrage. If they
gave it at one time to the negroes, at another
time they took it away, and it was taken away
when this last constitutional amendment was
adopted for which my friend voted ; and. being
taken away then, and it also being in the
power of the States to keep it away from them,
why, let me ask him, did he not propose by
constitutional amendment to secureitas against
the States?
Mr. MORRILL. Because we could not
carry it. There were too many of you opposed
to it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Not many of us. I sup-
pose you have reference to gentlemen on the
other side; and it is barely possible you might
have had in your mind's eye the coming presi-
dential election.
^Tow, Mr. President, is it right—let us apply
it to ourselves—to force' this measure upon the
people of this District, whQ almost exclusively
own the property here. Their local govern-
ment is a municipal corporation, having no
authority whatever to interfere with the rights
of person, or if they have through the instru-
mentality of any penal legislation, have only
that right subject at all times to be corrected
by Congress? As I understand, there were at
the time we abolished slavery some fifteen
thousand negroes in the District; now I am
told there are about thirty thousand- I wonder
if my friend from Maine, in going around the
city a year or two ago, since slavery was abol-
ished, in order to discharge intelligently and
humanely his duty as chairman of the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, saw any-
thing in the condition of this race which satis-
fied him that they were capable of exercising
the right of suffrage? Their squalid misery,
the disease which at that time was making sad
havoc in almost all of the wretched shanties
where they were placed touched his heart,
touched the hearts to whom that condition
became known, and they became the objects,
and the just objects, of individual charity.
They were, in one sense, paupers; and in
every State in the Union paupers are excluded
from the franchise. Suppose that instead of
the city government here being a municipal
corporation of the character that it is, it had
been invested with banking privileges, as you
might have done, and you bad-made each citi-
zen a stockholder to the amount that he would
subscribe, would you let in these negroes by
force to be stockholders without paying any-
thing toward the general fund, toward the cap-
ital? Certainly not. And yet here is a capi-
tal consisting of personal and real property
belonging to the population of the District
who are white, over which, and over which
alone, the corporation have legislative powers,
and you propose to give to these poor creatures
the same right to levy taxes, to appropriate
money, that belongs, and belongs now exclu-
sively, to those who own the property to be
taxed.
And what makes it still more remarkable:
not only did those who are in favor of this
measure fail to provide that suffrage should be
granted in the States of the Union by the con-
stitutional amendment, but I am not aware
that any effort has been made in any State of
the Union to do it by legislation, or by consti-
tutional change, where it can only be done by
constitutional change. My friend who sits near
me [Mr. Sherman] has told us that he thinks
each State must judge of that for herself; that
at the proper time, or, to use his own language,
in her own good time, Ohio may give to them
a right to vote, because there are so few of
them. That is what he said, and I have no
doubt it is true. If she gives it at all, it will
be becausc there are so few of them. Here in
the neighboring State of Maryland slavery has
been abolished, and, as I said a day or two ago,
abolished with no possible desire to have it
reinstated. I do not believe a proposition of
that sort would receive the vote of one man in
a hundred. There may be some men—I do
not know as to that—who are suggesting the
propriety of converting Maryland into a terri-
tory, who might be in favor of it; but no sane
man, as I think, who is unprejudiced, and who
has no party ends to attain, would think of
proposing to Maryland the proposition of giv-
ing to the negroes of Maryland the right of suf-
frage. Why ? It is useless to close our eyes
to the fact; you may, by constitutional provis-
ion and by legislation, declare, oyer and over
again, that there shall be no distinction on
