1807.
mW CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
313
account of color, but there will be that distinc-
tion until the colors are blended so as to become
one, if that shall ever happen. We find it in
relation to the Indians, independent of their
savage condition; we find it in relation to the
Chinese.
My friend from Oregon who spoke just now
[Mr. Williams] is very much in favor of giv-
ing the right of suffrage to the negroes in this
District, and yet the other^day he proposed a
resolution to inquire whether it was not in the
power of Congress and expedient to prevent
the Chinese from coming into Oregon. Why?
Because they are not white; because nature
has made a distinction; because it is impossi-
ble to act harmoniously upon a subject with
those several classes. And, let the time come
when it may, if you give to the negroes the
right to vote in the States they will either vote
as the whites vote or there will be trouble in
every community, if Congress should be called
upon to enforce such aprovision, as they ought
to be called upon to enforce it if such a con-
stitutional change should be adopted.
I have but a word or two more to say. I
listened and read as the Secretary read the
message of the President. His points are very
well put, and, as the honorable member from
Ohio says, the whole message is in good taste;
but, in my judgment, it would have been much
better if he had omitted all that part of it which
relates to the comparative danger of usurpa-
tion between the two departments of the Gov-
ernment; not because he is not right as proved
historically, not because .he is not right from
the very nature of two such departments, but
because no such question arises upon this bill.
Congress will be guilty and has been guilty
of no usurpation in passing this bill, as I think.
Under the authority to legislate in all cases
for the District of Columbia, they may legislate
as this bill proposes to legislate. For the same
reason the subject to which the bill adverts is
a subject fit for legislation, and one which could
in that way be disposed of by the States. If,
therefore, I had been called upon to prepare a
message of this sort, certainly all that part of
the message would have been omitted by me;
but not because I doubt at all the political
wisdom of the theory which he maintains. I
have said that all history proves that it is cor-
rect, and our own history proves it. Individ-
ual responsibility is lost in the responsibility of
numbers. I do not speak of anything that has
been done or may be done in the future. I
am speaking of it now as a general principle.
A member of the Senate—one of sixty odd
members—or a member of the House of some
two or three hundred, is, or may often be,
found to do what he would not think of doing
if he stood alone, open to the eye of the public
and responsible alone for the consequences
of his conduct. It was for that reason, among
others, that the pardoning power was vested
exclusively in the President. It was a great
power, and it was supposed to be much more
wise, judging from the nature of the power and
the nature of our frail humanity, that a power
of that description should be given alone to
one individual.
I do not believe, howeverj that the time has
come, and I trust in Heaven it is never to come,
when executive usurpations or legislative
usurpations, if there shall be any, will shake
the firm foundations upon which the Republic
stands. It has proved quite able to resist the
assault of numbers on the battle-field, and
stands now just as firmly fixed in the affections
of the American people as*H ever was; and if
the time should come hereafter when Congress,
in either branch or in both branches, or when a
President shall forgot the duty which the Con-
stitution imposes upon each, and shall act so as
to violate the rights of the people or endanger
the safety of our institutions, the remedy will be
found then, as it has recently been found in
the patriotism and the power of the American
people.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, several
centuries of civilization have so instructed the
white race to which we belong that, as a gen-
eral rule, all male persoos of that race, on arriv-
ing at their majority, are capable of exercising
the right of suffrage; but such is not the fact in
relation to the other races. There is no man
on this floor who will rise and give it as bis
deliberate opinion that a majority of either the
Indian race, the African race, or the Asiatic
race within the United States are capable of
exercising the right of suffrage. There is not
one Senator who will rise and give it as his opin-
ion that, as a general rule, either the Indians,
the Africans, or the Chinese are capable of dis-
charging this highest duty of the citizen. In
reference to the white race, the exception is
incapacity. The few, the exceptions only of
the white men of this country, are incapable of
discharging this duty; but with the Indians,
the Africans, and the Chinese it is only the
exceptions that are'capable of exercising this
right.
What is this proposition? Not to provide
for these exceptions who are capable of dis-
charging the duty of the elective franchise here
in the District of Columbia; but the proposi-
tion is ta give and ^orce universal suffrage to
every male negro in this District, or who shall
come into this District from the States which
surround it. That is the bald proposition. Is
there a Senator here—will the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] in his conscience and
upon his judgment, say that he believes these
people, as a general rule, are capable of exer-
cising this right in the District of Columbia, or
that those who are to flow into this District
from Maryland and Virginia and all the States
of the South are capable of exercising it? I
admit there are exceptions; there are some
very honorable exceptions, men of color who
are educated, good peaceable citizens in the
District; and if the bill provided for those who
were qualified it should not meet with my op-
position ; but it is to this unqualified, unlimited
extension of the right of suffrage to this race
which in Africa, in its original condition, stood
at the very lowest of all the races of mankind,
and which in this country for almost two hun-
dred years has been held in slavery; it is to
this idea that now, upon the first instant of
breaking the chains of slavery, at once this
whole population is to have the right of suf-
frage bestowed upon them, that I am opposed.
Mr. President, there are gentlemen who
stand up and say that the judgment of the peo-
ple in the last elections was in favor of uni-
versal negro suffrage in the District of Colum-
bia. How can that be inferred? This bill
passed the House of Representatives early in
the last session; it was among the first bills
which passed that body; it came to the Sen-
ate ; it was here pending during the whole of
that long session. Why did you not pass it
through the Senate? Because, in my hum-
ble judgment, you believed the people were
against it, and you dared not take the responsi-
bility. Men speak of universal negro suffrage
as having been pronounced in favor of in the
late election. Let us look at that proposition
for a moment. What was the question sub-
mitted? The honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Sumner] says that while the
constitutional amendment was submitted to
the people, it was by no means the definite
issue submitted to them to pass upon, and un-
der which Congress was pledged, in case it
should be adopted, to admit representation
from the States of the South as properly recon-
structed. There are other gentlemen 011 this
floor, it is true, who maintain that that consti-
tutional amendment was submitted by Congress
to the States of the South, and if adopted by
those States it would be evidence that they |
were reconstructed so as to be entitled to ad-
mission. But, sir, in that constitutional amend-
ment, if you say that that was the issue sub-
mitted, negro suffrage was repudiated, so far
as the action of Congress was concerned. It
was left to the States to decide for themselves.
How, then, can gentlemen stand up here and
say the judgment of the people in the last elec-
tion was in tavor of universal negro suffrage?
In my judgment, there is not a State in this
Union outside of New England, and I dbnbt
even if there is one there unless it may b'e Ver-
mont, which, on the direct question feeing put
to the people, would vote .in fevor of universal
negro suffrage. Even in Massachusetts, if the
direct question of universal negro, suffrage,
whether the negro can read or write, or not,
whether he knows anything about the Consti-
tution of his country or not, were snbmitted'to
the people of Massachusetts, I doubt whether
they would vote for it, few as the negroes ate
in the State of Massachusetts. If you proposed
that it should be qualified by intelligence, that
they should be required to be able to read or
write, to read the Constitution of the United
States or to write their names, Massachusetts
might vote in favor of it; so might Connecticut;
so might Wisconsin; so might other States.
But when gentlemen tell me that the people of
Ohio, the people of New York, and Pennsyl-
vania, and the people of the whole North, by
anything that transpired in the late election,
have decided in favor of universal, unqualified
negro suffrage, they assume that for which
there is no foundation whatever. Your very
constitutional amendment repudiated the idea
of universal negro suffrage. There was not a
stump in any one of the northern States on
which you did not, over and over again, declare
that you did not follow Thapdecs Stevens of
the House and Mr. Sumxer of the Senate in
their views of universal negro suffrage, bat that
you left it to the people to decide for them-
selves. These are the facts. Sir, had universal
negro suffrage to be imposed upon the District
of Columbia and upon all the States of the
South as a condition of reconstruction been
declared as the basis of the issue before the
American people by Congress before the elec-
tion, as you now assume it after the election,
and had that issue been presented in Pennsyl-
vania, Ohio, New York, Indiana, Illinois, and
Wisconsin, there would have been no such re-
sult at the elections as was witnessed.
I say, then, that this assumption which is
made by gentlemen here, that the people in the
last election have decided in favor of the pass-
age of this bill, in favor of universal negro
suffrage here, is an assumption without founda-
tion, and we, therefore, are at liberty to look
into this question and discuss it upon its merits.
I come back to the merits of the question when
I say that while the exceptions to the general
rule may be qualified to discharge this duty,
as a general rule the African race are incompe-
tent to do it. It is not so with the white race.
Therefore, while the law has allowed universal
suffrage to the whites of the District, it ought
to qualify that suffrage when it extends it to
the negro. Inasmuch as this bill gives it with-
out qualification, I voted against it on its pass-
age, and I shall vote against it now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This bill,
having been passed by both Houses of Con-
gress and sent to the President, has been by
him returned with his objections to the Senate
where it originated. It is, by the provisions
of the Constitution, reconsidered, and the
question is: Shall the bill pass, the objections of
the President notwithstanding? Is the Senate
ready for that question? [''Question!'' ''Ques-
tion!''] By the provisions of the Constitution
the vote must be taken by yeas and nays.
Senators in favor of the passage of the bill, the
objections of the President notwithstanding,
will, as their names are called, answer "yea;"
those opposed to its passage will answer
" nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattelt, Chandler, Cort-
iuvs, Craein. Cre-swcll, 1'dmuiHl-s, X'essenden, Fn.'k\
Fowler, Vvelinghuysen, Grimes, Henderson, Howard,
Howe, Knkwood, Lane, Moigan, ^lorrill, Poland,
Ramsey, Ro*s, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Wade, Willey, and Williams—1S1.
NAYS—Messrs. Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Foster,
Hendricks. Johnson, Nesmith, Norton, Patterson,
and Van Winkle—-10. ,
ABSKXT—.Messrs. Brown, Buck:)]'".'.'. Pavis. Gnta-
ric, Ilams. MeDousall. Nye, romeroy. Kiddle,
Saulsburv, Spra^ue, Wilson, and Yates 13.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On this
