314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
question the yeas are 29, and the nays are 10.
Two thirds of the Senate having voted, in favor
of the bill, the. bill is passed.
message from the house.
. A message from the House of Kepresenta-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chi§f Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 459)
suspending the. payment of moneys from the
Treasury as compensation to persons claiming
the service or labor of colored volunteers or
drafted men, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 217) to allow members of Congress to
inspect papers in the Post Office Department,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
■ The message further announced that the
House had passed the joint resolution of the
Senate (S. R. No. 154) to provide for the exhi-
bition of the cereal productions of the United
States at the Paris Exposition in April next,
with an amendment, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the
•Speaker of the HouSe had signed the enrolled
joint resolution (H. R. No. 221) authorizing
certain medals to be distributed to honorably
•discharged soldiers free of postage; which was
thereupon signed by the President pro tempore
of the Senate.
house bill referred.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 217) to
allow members of Congress to inspect papers
in the Post Office Department was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
- cereals at the paris exposition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
"the Senate the amendment of -the House of
Representatives to the joint resolution of the
Senate (S. R. No. 154) to provide for the ex-
hibition of the cereal productions of the United
States at the Paris Exposition in April next,
which was to add at the end of the resolution
the following proviso:
jProvided, That it shall require no further appro-
priation from the public Treasury.
Mr. CATTELL. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendment of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 456, for the admission of the State of
Nebraska into the Union.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The unfinished business
of Friday, the bill regulating the tenure of
offices, was laid aside in order to consider the
bill repealing the amnesty section of the con-
fiscation bill, and I hope that that bill may be
taken up and that this one may not be. When it
is taken up to be proceeded with, I shall be
willingto let it be laid aside informally, in order
that the bill of the Senator from Ohio may be
acted upon if it is ready for a vote.
Mr. WADE. Then I will ask the Senator
from Vermont to permit his bill to be laid aside
informally in order to allow my bill to come up.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
that course.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senators
in favor of the motion, which is, that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the bill
named by the Senator from Ohio, will say
"aye;" those opposed "no."
The question being put, it was declared that
the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall ask a division on
that subject. I understand the Chair to be
putting the question on laying aside, in the
technical sense, so that the bill which I have
in charge goes on the Calendar again, which is
a thing I do not wish to agree to. If the bill
which I have named—Senate bill No. 453—is
now entitled to precedence, I am willing that
it shall be laid aside informally by general con-
sent that my friend's bill may be considered
for a short time; but«s the question is being
?ut, the effect of it will be that the bill which
have in charge will go over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio made the motion, and the Chair
had no alternative but to put it.
'•Mr. WADE. I am willing to withdraw my
motion if that will be any, accommodation to
the Senator from Vermont. I am :for both
these bills, but I think the Nebraska bill ought
.to be tskeii up first, on account of the gentle-
men, who are waiting here for seats; but any-
thing, that will-accommodate the Senator I will
yieldsto.. -
' Mr. EDMUNDS. That is what I ask.-
Mr. WADE. He agrees not to call up his
bill, and this is next in order, for it was made
the special order for to-day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I understand the
Senator from Ohio to withdraw his motion for
the moment.
Mr. WADE. I will withdraw my motion;
but what next? I do not know that I under-
stand it. His bill is to be laid aside tempora-
rily and thone taken up,-I understand.
The PRESIDENT pro temppre. Does the
Senator from Ohio withdraw his motion ?
Mr. WADE. I will withdraw it with that
understanding.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The effect
of the Senator from Ohio withdrawing his mo-
tion will be to leave the unfinished business
of Friday as the business before the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, I am willing that
the unfinished business of Friday shall be laid
aside informally that the Senate may consider
the bill of the Senator from Ohio, if there be
no objection.
Mr. WADE. Very well; that is what I
want. I do. not care about the form.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont suggests that Senate bill No.
453, being the unfinished business, be laid aside
informally in order that the Senate may pro-
ceed with the consideration of the bill named
by the Senator from Ohio. It may be done by
the unanimous consent of the Senate. Is there
any objection ? No objection being made the
unfinished business will be laid aside inform-
ally, and the bill named by the Senator from
Ohio is now before the Senate.
papers withdrawn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. With the permission
of the Senator from Ohio, I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate that the papers relating
to the claim of James C. Pickett be taken from
the files of the Senate and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. There was an
adverse report at the last session on the ground
that it was an old claim; but I ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate that it may go again
to the committee in order that they may con-
sider it again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will bo entered, no objection being made.
bills introduced.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With the permission
of the Senator from Ohio, I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to introduce a bill with-
out previous notice with a view to its reference
to the Committee on Finance, which meets
to-morrow, and I desire to have the bill con-
sidered then by the committee.
There being no objection leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 493) supplemental
to an act to establish the Treasury Department,
approved the 2d of September, 1789; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
admission oe nebraska.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the billJS. No.
456) for the admission of the State of Nebraska
into the Union.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
to the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Brown.]
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us have a vote upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us have it read so
that we may understand it.
Mr. WADE. I should like to hear it read.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Wilson, which was to strike out all of the
amendment offered by Mr. Brown after the
-word "color" in the fifth line, and to insert:
Excepting Indians not taxed; and upon the fur-
ther fundamental condition that the Legislature of
said State, by a solemn public act, shall declare the
assent of said State to tl a said fundamentalSeondi-
tion, and shall transmit to the President of the Uni-
ted States an authentic copy of said act, upon receipt
whereof the President, by proclamation, shall forth-
with announce the fact, whereupon saidfnndamental
condition shall be held as a part of the organic law
of the State, and thereupon, and without any further
proceeding on the part, of Congress, the admission
of said State into the Union shall be considered as
complete. Said State Legislature shall be convened
by the territorial Governor within thirty days after
the passage of this act to act upon the conditions
submitted herein.
So that the amendment of Mr. Brows, if
amended as proposed, will read :
Provided, That this act shall not take effect except
upon the fundamental condition that within the State
of Nebraska there shall be no denial of the elective
franchise or of any other rights to any person by rea-
son of racc or color, excepting Indians nottaxed; and
upon the further fundamental condition that the Le-
fislature of said State, by a solemn public act, shall
eclare the assent of said State to the said funda-
mental condition, and shall transmit to the Presi-
dent of the United States an authentic copy of said
act, upon receipt whereof the President, by procla-
mation, shall forthwith announce the fact, where-
upon said fundamental condition shall be held as a
part of the organic law of the State, and thereupon,
and without any further proceeding on tho part of
Congress, the admission of said State into the Union
shall be considered as complete. Said State Legisla-
ture shall be convened by the territorial Governor
within thirty days after the passage of this act to
act upon the conditions submitted herein.
Mr. WADE. I hope that will not be agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I have tried
hard, very hard to keep out of this debate dur-
ing all the last session, and so far during this,
and I think I should have succeeded if the Sen-
ate had ever come to a vote before I got to be
old and garrulous. [Laughter.] But as the
vote has been postponed so long I think I
shall have to surrender to the appetite 1 have
to say something ; and all the guarantee I can
give the Senate, as to how much I shall say is
the promise that there are several subjects in
politics, ethics, and religion that I shall not
discuss on this occasion. [Laughter.] I have
heard it remarked by somebody 
Mr. SUMNER and others. Let us adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin has the floor and must not
be interrupted without his consent.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator will
consent, I will move an adjournment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Wisconsin give way to the Sen-
ator from Indiana?
Mr. HOWE. I do to a motion to adjourn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. WADE. I hope not. I call for the
yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 22 ; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Cowan, Dixon, Dooiittle, Hender-
son, Hendricks, Johnson. Norton, Patterson, Sher-
man, Sumner, and Van Winkle—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Conness, Cragm,
Crcswell, Edmunds, Fussenden, Foster, Frelinghuy-
sen, Howard, Howe. Kirkwood.Lanc, Morgan. Mor-
rill. Poland, E,os^i, Stewart,Trumbull, Wade, Willey,
and Williams—22.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Brown. Buclsalew,
Davis, Fogg, Fowler, Grimes, Guthrie, Harris, Mc-
Dougall, Nesmith, Nye, Pomero.v. Ramsey, ltiddie,
Saukbiu-y, Sprague, Wilson, and Yates—19.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. HOWE. I was about to remark, Mr.
President, that I have some time or other
heard it said that this Government of the Uni-
ted States is a Government of delegated powers.
Indeed, I have heard it said so often that I
sometimes think I never heard anything else,
[laughter;] but I agree to the truth of the
observation. The only comment I have to make
upon it now is simply to say that because its
powers are delegated it docs not follow that
they should not be exerted. I have also heard
it asserted that all powers not delegated to the
