10.78-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
upon it, in order to carry out ecrtain designs, I
have no doubt. But that there is and has been
less disturbance than could be expected under
the circumstances is true. The civil authorities
there have been using the power they have to
keep down this lawlessness and to punish men
for the cotrimission of offenses. And if this
Congress would only give them full power to
exercise all of their functions yr& would have
order and peace much, sooner than by the plan
now proposed to disturb and destroy their
governments.
It must be remembered that four million
slaves were set free who were before under the
control of their masters. They knew no law
exceptas it was given to them by their masters.
Now they actfor themselves, and too frequently
act upon suggestions from the Freedmen's Bu-
reau, with a view to furnish sensational articles
that are so frequently read from the Clerk's
desk.
The first section goes upon the supposition
that they arc not States. It divides these ten
States into military departments.
The second section provides, not that the
President of the United States, who is Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and the Navy,
and made so by the Constitution, should not
appoint the military commandants, but that
the general in command should take jurisdic-
tion and appoint all these officers. I ask gen-
tlemen what will you do with that provision in
the Constitution which declares the President
of the United States to be the Commander-in-
Chief of the Army and Navy of the United
States ?
This is almost a precise copy of the bill in-
troduced in the Senate by Mr. Wir.fjAMS. Jn
that bii_l it was provided that the President of
the United States should make these appoint-
ments. He had some regard in that bill for
the constitutional power of the President. He
was willing to carry out that provision of the
Constitution, But this Committee on Ilecou-
struction—this maelstrom committee, which
swallows up everything that is good and gives
out everything that is evil —reports this bill
taking away all of the power from the Presi-
dent of the United States, and confers that
power upon the commanding general, in defi-
ance of the express provision of the Constitu-
tion to which 1 have referred.
And although this second section strikes
down that provision of the Constitution, yet
the magnanimity of the chairman of that com-
mittee could not extend further than to allow
us a few hours of debate on a proposition so
important and so vital. Ho would not agree
to fix a day when this bill should come up, so
that gentlemen could collect their thoughts on
the subject.
I suppose on the other Bide tliey have adopted
the higher law doctrine, so ably discussed by
the gentleman from JNew York, and need no
reflection. Ihat simple change, sir, if there
were no other reason, ought to destroy this bill,
ought to prevent its passage.
But that is not the worst provision in the
bill. After appointing those military com-
manders in the several districts, giving 1 hem
complete and exclusive jurisdiction in all civil
and criminal matters, the third section contains
a provision unparalleled in legislation, that
these military commanders may confer power
uf)on the civil tribunals of the State to try cer-
tain offenses: that is, may confer upon a judge
elected by the people or appointed by the
President of the United States power to try a
case of indebtedness between A and JB if they
think proper. _ Whoever heard of such a mon-
strosity as this? "Whoever heard of such a
stretch of power on the part of Congress? The
Constitution provides that—
V In all criminal prosecutions the accused shall
enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by a"
impartial jury of the State and district wherein tho
crime shall have been committed, which distrietshall
havo been previously ascertained by law, and to be
informed of the nature and cause of the accusation-
to be confronted with tho witnesses against him; to
have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in
his favor, and to havo the assistance of counsel for
his defense.'
Instead of permitting the party to be tried
by a jury selected .within the district, to be
tried by a judge appointed by the President
and confirmed by the Senate, or a judge elected
by the people, before he can be tried before a
tribunal thus raised it is required he shall go
before this military commander and ask him
whether lie will grant his permission. You
deny him the right of jury. You deny that
the accused shall be confronted with witnesses
as the Constitution guarantees. This military
commander is to call aroun.d him a court-
martial, and call the person there for trial,
with no power to employ an attorney to defend
him.
This, sir, is the legislation you propose ;
this is the proposition you submit for the re-
construction of your disorganized States, as you
term them. Sir, it is a blow at the very prin-
ciples of civil liberty ; it is striking down the
right of trial by jury; it is establishing mili-
tary tribunals to try cases in contravention
of the provisions of the Constitution of the
United States. Now, sir, I appeal to gentle-
men to pause before they run into this kind of
legislation, to look at the consequences, to re-
flect upon what is to be the final result upon
this legislation.
Not content with doing all this, not content
with denying to these people the right of trial
by jury and of being represented by counsel,
you propose to tie up the hands of the civil
courts in all these States, and say they shall
not issue a writ of habeas corpus where.a party
has a meritorious case unless he first gets the
consent of your military tribunals. You thus
-'.rip a man of all possible remedy of redress;
you deny to him the courts that have been cre-
ated by yourself and in full operation,
I have thus briefly alluded to the provisions
of this bill. I have said more than I intended
to say when I rose. The time given for the
examination of this bill is so limited that no
man can,_ on the brief examination allowed,
present his views as he would desire. But, sir,
there is enough to be seen upon a mere glance
at the bill to load every man who is not actu-
ated by political or party considerations to
go against it and save the Constitution of his
country.
Tho provisions of this bill strike down every
important provision in your Constitution. You
have already inaugurated enough here to de-
stroy any Government that was ever founded.
You have already prepared your articles of
impeachment. The decree, I believe, lias gone
forth, and the impeachment must and will take
place. If you havo not yet issued the decree
in formal caucus, you havo cancussed enough
among yourselves to know what the result is
to be. And yet the chairman of the Commit-
tee 011 tho Judiciary refuses to give us any light
on the question.
Now, sir, you impeach the President of the
IJnitcd States, paralyze the arm of the Supreme
Court, and of the judiciary generally. You
have been, and are now, declaring to your-
selves that this Congress is all-powerful as the
representative of the people. What have you
left to the American people to vindicate their
rights? You have left nothing to them but
quiet submission to your usurpation of power ;
for it is nothing but usurpation on the part of
Congress to take these powers upon itself in
contravention of the Constitution. When you
do that there is nothing left, I repeat, but quiet
submission to your tyranny, or a resort to arms
on the part of the American people to defend
themselves.
Now, sir, I do not predict anything. I do not
desire Avar; but as one American citizen I do
prefer war to cowardly submission and total
destruction of the fundamental principles of
our Government. Sir, the unity of these
States was attempted to be destroyed by war
and failed j it is now sought to be destroyed by
legislative usurpation ; and in. my honest con-
viction nothing but the strong arm of the
American people, wielded upon the bloody
battle-field, will ever restore civil liberty to
the American people again. We are drift-
ing to monarchy. It will come unless the
people take this- matter in hand and stop this
progress that is being made in that downward
road, and restore this shattered Government
upon the basis upon which it was originally
founded.
I yield the remainder of my time to my
colleague, [Mr. Finck.]
Mr. FINCK. Mr. Speaker, I approach the
examination of this measure with a saddened
heart. I know of none which has been pre-
sented to the American people of so grave a
character and magnitude as the questions in-
volved in the bill now presented by the distin-
guished gentleman from Pennsylvania. I have
been taught to revere the Constitution of my
country and to love the Union of these States.
I have been taught to believe that ours was a
Government of law, in which the rights of the
American people were protected by the Con-
stitution of tho Federal and State Governments.
But, sir, I see an attempt in the passage of this
measure to overthrow free government, and to
establish on its ruins the principles of military
despotism. I had hoped that the great issues
before the American people would have been
adjusted in the spirit of wisdom and modera-
tion, and that all the States once more would
be assembled here by their representatives, in
accordance with the provisions of the Consti-
tution, and again move along harmoniously iu
the legitimate legislation of the American peo-
ple. In the presence of this measure I tremble
at the thought that our hopes may perhaps be
forever dissipated.
Certainly no member on this floor who un-
derstands the Constitution of the United States,
and who is a friend of free government, will
pretend to urge that we have any constitutional
power to pass this bill. I understand the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] does not argue that there is any au-
thority under the Constitution of the United
States to sanction this measure; where, I ask,
does hc_ obtain the authority to pass it? On
what principle is this Congress and the people
of tho United States called upon to adopt it?
If I understood the gentleman correctly, he
claims tho power to pass this bill under tho law
of nations and upon the doctrine of the right of
the conquerors to take possession of and con-
trol conquered territory and its inhabitants in
such a manner as may suit the purposes of the
conqueror. This is the ground upon which
the measure is defended. Certainly no man
will insult the intelligence of the American
people by defending it upon any other princi-
ple. It is at war with the Constitution; it is
at war with every principle of free government.
And I submit, Mr. Speaker, that it canhot be
successfully defended on the ground upon which
it is placed by the chairman of the committee.
He places it upon the ground that we, as
conquerors, have a right to dictate to the peo-
ple of these ten States their governments and
by the strong arm of military power hold and
treat them as a conquered people. I deny
most emphatically both the premises and con-
clusions of the learned gentleman.
I can understand ver^ well how when two
distinct and foreign nations are engaged in
war, the result of that war may bo a conquest
of the territory and of the inhabitants of. one
of the belligerents. That result has been
achieved more than once in the history of the
nations of the earth. But, sir, that condition
of things could not result from the late war for
the suppression of the rebellion. What was
that war, Mr. Speaker? It was not a war be-
tween distinct and separate nations. It was a
war upon the partof the Federal Government,
to do what? Not to make a conquest of ter-
ritory. Not a war for subjugation. No, sir;
it was a war on the part of the Federal Gov-
ernment to enforce its laws throughout the
jurisdiction of the United States. It was a
war on the partof the Federal Government to
remove all armed opposition to the execution
of the laws and maintain the supremacy of
the Government; to preserve the union of
these States and to suppress all opposition to
