1754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
sions of the committee, I hope the gentleman
from Massachusetts will call our attention to
it nnd have it read, so that we may see whether
it justifies the House in ordering the report to
be printed ; and here let me say that if the
Executive is guilty of any wrong, I for one am
as willing to sustain the committee in casting
the imputation as any man in this House. But
it is wrong that this report should be sent
broadcast over the land to reflect upon the
President unless there is testimony to sustain
the report of the committee. I hope to hear
from the gentleman from Massachusetts upon
the subject.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I will not detain the
House by making any remarks, but I will
simply state that the Committee on the Judi-
ciary went through a patient investigation, as
they were charged to do by order of the House,
and that tbe conclusion in this report was
agreed upon by every member of the commit-
tee save one, the gentleman from New Jersey,
[Mr. Rogers,] to whom it has been submitted
and who has read it. Whether he intends to
submit a minority report or not I do not know.
Mr. LE BLOND. I have been informed
by the gentleman from New Jersey that he
did desire to present a minority report. He is
not in his seat this evening, and it is possible
he may be engaged in preparing it.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The gentleman from
Ohio has been pleased to advert to some
remarks of mine in reference to this matter at
the opening of the session. The House 'will
remember that I then spoke with some feeling.
I knew for one that the executive department
of the Government was in possession of inform-
ation in reference to Surratt, and I had waited
through weeks and months for some public
evidence as to the conduct of the Administra-
tion in reference to his arrest. I may have felt
too strongly upon the subject. I had known
Mr. Lincoln and become attached to him. I
felt deeply his death at the hand of an assassin,
and I supposed it was the duty of this Govern-
ment and of every officer of it to traverse every
continent, to vex every sea, to invade every
island of the ocean from the Arctic to the Ant-
arctic circle in pursuit of the man who was
implicated in that great tragedy. I therefore
spoke with deep feeling. But I think the
House will remember that neither at that time
nor at any other time did I charge any man
connected with the Government with willful
neglect of duty in this matter. Nor does the
committee now charge any man with willful
neglect of duty.
The testimony will show what the explana-
tions made by the Secretary of State have
been. If the Hons" chooses to print that tes-
timony it will be before the country. My own
view in the matter is that there has been no
willful neglect on the part of anybody, but
rather on the other hand that neglect of duty
which came from not appreciating, as the offi-
cers of the Government ought to have appre-
ciated, the importance of the matter. But it
was none the less the duty of the committee
to lay before the House and before the country
all the evidence in its possession. They have
given in the report prepared by the gentleman
from Vermont a summary of that testimony
and the results to which the committee have
come. No person connected with the Govern-
ment is charged with willful neglect of duty,
much less with a criminal intent to screen any
person connected with the assassination.
If the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Le Blond]
had listened carefully to the report as it was
read he would have observed that there is no
charge whatever made in that report against
the President of the United States for not
using proper diligence in procuring the arrest
of J. H. Surratt. The report simply says that
the executive department of the Govern-
ment, not necessarily the Executive himself,
had been remiss in the performance of its
duty.
Mr. LE BLOND. Is there anything in the
statements made by the Secretary of State or
the Secretary of War that justifies the com-
mittee in coming to the conclusion that the
President has been remiss in his duty in regard
to the arrest of Surratt?
Mr. BOUTWELL. The committee have
made no charge whatever against the Pres-
i ident, either personally or officially. They
have said that they are not able to fix the
responsibility exactly and precisely upon any-
body. The Secretary of War may have been
remiss, the Secretary of State may have been
remiss, the President himself may have been
remiss. The committee do not charge any will-
ful misconduct in this matter upon any par-
ticular person. But they do say that in their
opinion there has been neglect of duty upon
the part of some one or all of these officers in
' the executive department of the Government.
Mr. RAYMOND. I would like to inquire
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Boutwell] for my own information, and for
the information of this House, whether the
alleged neglect of the executive department to
pursue Surratt vigorously, ostentatiously, and
publicly, from the time when they knew of his
whereabouts, was not imputable probably, or
at least possibly, to a desire to pursue him
more carefully and more certainly than they
could have done had all their movements been
made known to the public?
Mr. BOUTWELL. The answer to that
question is apparent from the question itself.
It has not been with me a subject of com-
plaint that they did not pursue J. H. Surratt
publicly and ostentatiously. But now that we
have inquired into all the proceedings of the
Government in this regard, we find that not
only did they not pursue him publicly and j
ostentatiously, but they did not in any way
pursue him as the committee think they ought !
to have pursued him.
Mr. RAYMOND. One other question. It
is quite possible that in conducting this pursuit
the officers engaged in it may not have done
precisely what the committee, with their fur-
ther knowledge since acquired, now think
ought to have been done. But unless I am
mistaken in the general tenor of the testimony,
the details of which I have not had an oppor-
tunity to read, there is evidence which shows
that they kept track of Surratt, that the offi-
cers of this Government in foreign countries
were instructed to keep track of him, but not
to make any attempt to arrest him until they
should have reason to believe that the demand
for his surrender would be favorably responded
to by the authorities of the country where he
might then be found. That is all I desire to
know about it.
I wish to make no imputation whatever upon
the committee, and the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. BoctweLl] will allow me to say
that I am somewhat led to make this inquiry
by his own statement of the feelings which led
him to make use of the expressions which he
used at the outset of this discussion. He al-
leged his deep interest in Mr. Lincoln, his
personal acquaintance with him, his reverence
and respect for him, which we all feel, as the
reasons which led him to think that the Gov-
ernment had been remiss in this matter. Per-
haps if nothing but remissness appeared we
might all share that opinion; but if there is
reason even to suppose that the Government
was endeavoring to make this pursuit more
successfully, I think it should lead to tome
tempering of our judgment in reference to this
matter.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I can only speak for
myself from the point of view suggested by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Raymond.]
The evidence does not disclose to my mind
that those officers in the executive government
to whom the country would naturally look for
the conduct of a prosecution of this character,
were attentive to the matter from the time, in
October, 1865, when they were first informed
of the whereabouts of Surratt, until November,
18G6, when he was arrested,
I think I should not take up more of the
time of this House with this subject. I will
only say further that my associates on the com-
mittee will sustain me in the statement that
from the commencement of this investigation
until its conclusion I have not undertaken to
exercise any influence over their deliberations
or the results which they have reached.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I will hereby suggest
that as Surratt is now within this District, and
soon to be put upon his trial, it might be
improper to publish the testimony which has
been taken by the committee during this invest-
igation. I will therefore modify my motion,
so that the report only, and not at present the
testimony, shall be printed; and on that mo-
tion I call the previous question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I trust
that the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Wood-
bridge] will allow me one word. I hope that
in view of the difference of opinion in regard
to the report and the evidence both will be
printed together. Certainly the evidence
should be published. I hope the gentleman
from Vermont will not insist that the report,
embracing merely the conclusions which the
committee have drawn from the evidence,
shall be printed without the testimony, which
should accompany it. Considerations of mere
justice and humanity toward Surratt would
suggest that the evidence should be published.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Very well; I move
that the report and testimony be printed. I
insist on the call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion of Mr. Woodbridge
was adopted.
impeachment of the president.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I am directed by
the Committee on the Judiciary to present a
report relative to the official conduct of the
President of the United States.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
raise a question of order: I see by the clock
that it is now almost three o'clock in the
morning; and I believe this is the Sabbath
day. I think we should not do any more busi-
ness to-night, except it be business of neces-
sity or charity.
The SPEAKER. This, in parliamentary
view, is Saturday. The Clerk will read the
report submitted by the gentleman from Iowa.
fhe Clerk read as follows:
The Committee on the Judiciary, charged by the
House with examination of certain allegations of
high crimes and misdemeanors against the President
of the United States, submit the following report:
On the 7th day of January, 1867, the House, on
the motion of Hon. James M. Ashley, a Represent-
ative from the State of Ohio, adopted the following
preamble and resolutions, to wit:
"Ido impeach Andrew Johnson, Vice President
and acting President of the United States, of high
crimes and misdemeanors.
" I charge him with a usurpation of power and vio-
lation of law;
"In that he ha3 corruptly used the appointing
power;
" In that he has corruptly used the pardoning
power;
"In that he has corruptly used the veto power;
"In that he has corruptly disposed of tho public
property of the United States;
"In that ho has corruptly interfered in elections,
and committed acts which, in contemplation of tho
Constitution, are high crimes and misdemeanors:
Therefore,
" Be it rctolved, That the Committee on the Judi-
ciary be, and they are hereby, authorized to inquire
into the official conduct of Andrew Johnson, vice
President of the United States, discharging the pow-
ers and duties of theoffice of President of the United
States, and to report to this House whether, in their
opinion, the said Andrew Johnson, while in said
office, has been guilty of acts which are designed or
calculated to overthrow, subvert, or corrupt the Gov-
ernment of the United States, or any department or
office thereof: and whether the said Andrew John-
son has been guilty of a,ny act, or has conspired with
others to_ do acK which, in contemplation of the
Constitution, are high crimes and misdemeanors,
requiring the interposition of the constitutional
power of this House; and that said committee have
power to send for persons and papers and to admin-
ister the customary oath to witnesses."
The duty imposed upon the committee by this
action of the House was of the highest and gravest
character. No committee during tbe entire history
of the Government has ever been charged with a
more important trust. The responsibility which it
imposed was of oppressive weight, and of mo>t un-
pleasant nature. Gladly would the committee havo
escaped from the arduous labor imposed upon it by
the resolution of the House: but once imposed,
prompt, deliberate, and faithful action, with a view
