1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107$
the just and rightful execution of the laws of
the United States.
Need I say that, in,such a war as that, confined
within the limits of the Republic, there eould not
be any conquest of territory or the people of any
State belonging to the Union ? I put the ques-
;ion to the distinguished gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevexs :J what did you con-
quer? You conquered a peace; but did you
conquer a single inch of territory over which
•the United States did not exercise jurisdiction
before the war commenced? Not a single inch,
sir. Neither did you acquire by the results of
the war jurisdiction over a single man, woman,
or child over whom you would not have had
jurisdiction if the war had not taken place?
No, «>ir; you merely reestablished firmly the
jurisdiction of the United States, not over any
new territory, not over territory conquered
from a foreign enemy, but we reestablished the
jurisdiction of the United States over what had
been and what continued to be during the war;
a part of the territory comprised within the
boundaries of the United States. We are not
to-day exercising jurisdiction over these ten
States rightfully by the laws of nations, and can
only exercise over them the i irisdiction and
authority which was authorized before the war
commenced, and which is regelated by the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Mr. Speaker, the only ground upon which
the gentleman can possibly defend his bill is
the ground which does not exist in the condi-
tion of our atfairs. Is it possible, sir, that any
gentleman will argue that the Federal Govern-
ment could have made a conquest of its own
territory? Such a result would have boon
impossible. I ask gentlemen upon the other
side who sustain this bill to cite a single in-
stance in the history of nations where a nation
has made conquest of its own territory or its own
people. There is no such instance in history.
Nations have suppressed revolts within their
own limits; nations have suppressed rebellions
against their Governments; nations have main-
tained by war the integrity of their own terri-
tory ; but never has any nation in suppressing
a revolt of its citizens against its Government
acquired title to its own territory by conquest or
the rights of the conqueror over its own people.
The idea of defending this revolutionary
scheme on the pretext that this Government
is authorized to exercise toward the terri-
tory and people of these ten States the rights
under the laws of nations of a conqueror and
thus overthrow the Government, is one only to
be conceived by the fertile genius of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs.]
"What is the territory of these States ? Who
are the people of these States who you now
propose to put under this military despotism ?
Four of those States which are to be put under
this military government, are four of the original
thirteen States which formed your Constitution,
and which is now to bo subverted to enslave
them. The people of those States who are to
be subjected to this worse than despotism, are
the sons and the daughters of the men who with
your fathers and mine fought together in the
revolutionary struggle, and by their patriotic
devotion and their wisdom aided to achieve our
independence and establish this free system of
Government. Sir, I know these people have
committed a great wrong in trying to break up
this Union. I have always opposed their
attempt to withdraw from the Union. I have
always denounced secession. But, sir, they
failed in their mad attempt to overthrow the
Union of these States, and have they not suf-
fered, Mr. Speaker, as no people have ever suf-
fered before? I believe they are now sincere in
their desire to continue in the Union and to share
the blessings and burdens of a common Gov-
ernment with us. Sir, if we wish a real Union we
must treat them as friends and not as enemies ;
we must have confidence in them; and as we and
our children for generations to come are to
live with them and their descendants, I submit,
sir, that it is best for all of us and for the peace
and prosperity of this great country, that we
should live together as friends.
But such is not the policy of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. Can it be possible, Mr.
Speaker, that we have gone back six centu-
ries in the history of the world, and are will-
ing to strike down the great principles of free
government for which so many struggles and
heroic sacrifices have been made by our ances-
tors? Is it possible that in this Congress we
can find men bold enough and bad enough to
conspire against the great right of trial by jury;
the great privilege of habeas corpus; men who
are willing to reverse the axiom that the mili-
tary should be subordinate to the civil power,
and to establish the abhorred doctrine resisted
by the brave and free men of every age, that
the military should be superior to the civil au-
thority? Who would have believed that the
sons of revolutionary fathers, bred under the
influences and teachings of our system of free
government, would to-day in an American
Congress gravely discuss the question whether
ten millions of their fellow-citizens should be
placed under a military despotism?
Mr. Speaker, [ speak earnestly upon this
subjcct, but not more earnestly than I feel.
I look upon this measure as a most dangerous
and alarming proposition. Not only in the pro-
visions of this bill to which my friend and col-
league [Mr. Le Bloxd] has referred, striking
down the great rights of the American system of
Government do 1 lind most serious cause for
objection, but also in the additional proposition
that no judicial or legislative interference shall
take place in reference to military commissions
and military trials authorized under this bill.
Let me read that portion of the bill. I refer to
the latter clause of the third section :
Ancl all legislative or judicial proceedings, or pro-
cesses to prevent or control the proceedings of said
military tribunals, and all interfereneo by said pre-
tended Stato governments with tho exorcise of mili-
tary authonty under tliis act shall bo void and of no
effect.
Can it bo possible that the measure now be-
fore us, was deliberately prepared by any gen-
tleman upon this floor? Is it possible that
this measure has been seriously considered?
Do gentlemen believe they have the least shadow
of authority to thus attempt to close tho doors
of the judicial department of this Government,
so that the Supreme Court of the United States
cannot examine into a sentence or order made
by one of these petty military tribunals which
are to be set up over the lives, liberty, and
property of the people of ten of these States ?
Are we slaves ? Are the American people so
engaged in the struggle for "the almighty dol-
lar" that they have forgotten the sacred rights
of a free people and decline the task to main-
tain a free Government? Is it possible that
these military tribunals and commissions shall
override your Constitution, and that an Amer-
ican Congress can be found who will say that
their orders and decrees are not to be inter-
fered with by the supreme judicial tribunal
of the United States? If so, then all we have
to do is to withdraw all our protestations in
favor of free Government, and declare that we
will quietly andignominiously submit to the sur-
render of the priceless blessings of that system
of government which lias been transmitted to
us by an illustrious ancestry.
Gentlemen well know that the Supreme
Court of the .United States has solemnly de-
clared in the Milligan case, by a unanimous
decision on the main point in the controversy,
that there was no authority in these military
tribunals either to try, convict, or punish any
citizen who wai? not in the military or naval ser-
vice of the United States. But in this bill, in
opposition to that decision of the supreme judi-
cial tribunal of the country, it is not only pro-
posed that none of the orders or decisions which
may be made by these military commissions
shall be revised by the President of the United
Stated, who is the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy ; but more than this, that these
orders, findings, and decisions shall not be re-
viewed or interfered with by the judicial tri-
bunals of the country.
And, sir, is this the end of the war ? Is this,
then, to be the result of the sacrifice of the lives
of so many thousands of our people and the
expenditure of countless millions of treasure,
that now, when the war has terminated, when
peace reigns throughout the borders of the
Republic, the Representatives of two thirds of
the States shall gravely determine to put the
people of the remaining ten States under a
military despotism? Is this the free Govern-
ment of which we so much boast? Are these
the doctrines that were taught us by the men
who established our system of government?
Sir, I declare it as my solemn conviction that
no Government can long continue to be free
where one third of its people and one third of its
States are controlled by military power. You
cannot, Mr. Speaker, hold one third of the
peoplo of this Union under military power,
and at the same time preserve the freedom of
the people of the other States. It is impos-
sible.
I object, therefore, to this bill on the broad
ground that it is a blow aimed at tho overthrow
of our system of government. I do not be-
lieve (and in this I mean no disrespect to any
gentleman on this floor) that the men who sup-
port this bill, whatever may be the purity of
their intentions, are tire friends of the Union
or of free government. I do not believe that
tho men who desire to impose this measure
upon these States are willing that this Gov-
ernment shall be controlled and administered
in accordance with the Constitution of our
fathers. I believe, on the contrary, that it is
au attempt to maintain party asccndency by
excluding from all voice in the Government,
a large portion of the voters of this nation.
Have we, Mr. Speaker, forgotten the ser-
mon of our-divine Redeemer on the Mount?
Are wo to act as men who have no love or
charity in their hearts? Are hatred, malice,
and revenge to usurp tho holy functions of
Christian charity? l)o wo intend to perpetu-
ate the Union of these States by the principles
of hate? Do we expcct to make the people
of the South love the Union by trampling upon
rights as sacred to them as they can be to us?
Do we expect to perpetuate the principles of free
government by blotting them out entirely in one
third of the Republic ? Is revenge to be per-
petual ? I trust not, Mr. Speaker. _ I trust, sir,
wo shall not enter upon any such unfortunate
experiment as is proposed by this bill; and I
pray the Almighty Ruler of nations that He
may inspire the American peoplo with such
wisdom that they may understand the grave
responsibilities of the hour : that they may be
aroused to realize, and to realize at once, the
volcano upon which wo are standing; that they
may appreciate the fact that their system of
government is threatened, and that if they
venerate the character of their revolutionary
sires, if they love and cherish the institutions
which have been transmitted to them by those
patriotic ancestors, if they would perpetuate
their republican form of government, they
must remember that eternal vigilance is the
price of liberty. Let us rise equal to the
great occasion, and animated byno paltry con-
siderations of mere party or sectional animosi-
ties, let us, I beseech you, Mr. Speaker, aban-
don these dangerous experiments and unwar-
ranted usurpations of power, and labor with a
patriotic devotion to unite again all these States
and the people of all these States in the strong
and enduring bonds of mutual friendship and
interest, and together go forward in the achieve-
ment of that grand destiny which most cer-
tainly awaits tms country as a united people,
if we arc but true to the Union of these States
and the great principles of our Constitution.
Mr. PIKE, Mr. FARNSWORTH, and Mr.
ROGERS addressed the House. [Their re-
marks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. BINGHAM. It was not mypurpose_to
undertake any discussion of this important bill,
and I only rise for the purpose of suggesting in
a very few words to gentlemen of the House
the importance of making haste slowly in the
exercise of this highest possible power con-
ferred by the Constitution upon the Congress
of the United States. For myself, sir, I am
