1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1081
tives of the people in this Hall. Why should
they be ? Men who never lifted up their hands
in revolt against their Government and coun-
try ; men who followed your flag in the hour
of darkness and distrust; men who supported
the, shaking pillars of the Republic in the tem-
pest of battle are not now to be told that they
are captives of war, subject to the will of the
conqueror. Sir, I repudiate the proposition,
aid without intending the slightest disrespect
to any one, I will add that X repudiate it as
unreasonable and unjust.
The rights of a citizen of the United States
are in his own keeping; they are not to be for-
feited by the crimes of others, whatever may
be the dogmas of the continental writers, in
which gentlemen are fond of indulging when
they come to a discussion of this question. Is
it not clear that under the Constitution and the
laws of the United States no law-abiding citi-
zen of this Republic can be deprived of his
personal and civil rights by way of punishment
on account of the crimes of others? Every
man in every State of this Union is responsible
only for his own crimes, and not for the crimes
of others, in which he in nowise participated,
and with whom ho in nowise sympathizes,
purely it is not needful, even seemingly, to as-
sert either in the preamble or body of this bill,
that the insurrectionary States are foreign and
conquered provinces, and the people thereof
captives of war,? It is because I entertain these
views that I ask leave to move in this House
that the preamble and bill may be amended.
The preamble is as follows :
"Vyhereasthc pretended Stato governments of the
late so-called confederate States of yirginia, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Mississippi, Alabama,
Louisiana, Florida, Toxas, and Arkansas was set up
without the authority of Congress and without the
sanction of the people; and whereas said pretended
governments afford no adequate protection for life or
property, but countenancc and encourage lawless-
ness and crime; and whereas it is necessary that
peace and good order should be enforced in said so-
called States until loyal and republican State gov-
ernments can be legally established: Therefore, &c.
If permitted I would move to strike out this
preamble for the reasons which I have already
intimated to the House. I move to strike it
out, because it is interpreted by the gentleman
who reported this bill as being intended—
although it is no part of this bill and has no
operative effect—as a solemn declaration 011
the part of this House that those Slates are
foreign conquered territoiies, and that the
people of those States, all the people therein,
are alien enemies, captives of war, and subject
to the conqueror's will. I ask that leave to
propose such amendment be conceded by the
House, because the preamble is not needful,
because it adds no force to the bill, and because
it gives no protection to any citizen, and ijf
passed is but a declaration. Surely, sir, it
is not needful to make such recital as is made
in this preamble in order to show authority
in the Congress of the United States to pass
such laws as may be necessary, as may be wise
and just and proper for the protection of per-
sons and of property throughout all the insur-
rectionary States.
1 have myself no doubt that under the Con-
stitution of the United States, without going
outside of its plain written letter, the Congress
of the United States have full and exclusive
jurisdiction to pass and enforce all needful laws
for the protection of the person and the prop-
erty of every citizen in those insurgent States,
until that good time comes when those States
shall be duly reorganized and readmitted to
representation in Congress.  
That being so, where is the necessity of this
preamble? What force does it give to this bill?
How does it strengthen this great cause of ours
to make this manifest and palpable departure
from all our preceding legislation? That is
the question I want answered in the progress
of this debate. 'What is not needful to the
efficiency of this bill no man here should insist
upon, especially if it be offensive to those of
us who arc desirous to maintain the national
authority and to protect the lives and liberty
and property of all alike^undsr such rules and
regulations as the law-making power of this
nation may prescribe, until those States shall
be fully restored to their proper constitutional
relations.
With a view, then, to test the sense of the
House 011 this subject, if the majority of this
Houpc, as I trust they will, will refuse to sec-
ond the previous question and allow an amehd-
rnent to be voted upon, and allow the question
to go to the people, I will move to amend the
preamble by striking out the first clause and to
insert in its place the following:
Whereas it is necessary that iteace and good order
should be enforced in the several States of Virginia,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Mississippi,
Alabama, Louisiana, Florida, Texas, and Arkansas,
lately in rebellion, until said States respectively shall
be fully restored to their constitutional relations to
the United States; Therefore, bo it enacted, &c.
I ask the House to consider the recital as it
stands is in the very words of your Freedmen's
Bureau bill, the fourteenth section of which I
have just read ; and if it were fit and proper so
to designate the States then, on the 22d of last
July, it is equally fit and proper so to designate
them now. If it is not, I wish to know the
reason why.
I would also suggest that this bill bo amended
in the third line of the first section by striking
out the phrase "so-called," so it will read
"the said States," and stand with the text of
the same section declaring that Virginia shall
constitute the first district; North Carolina
and South Carolina the second district; Geor-
gia, Alabama, and Florida the third district;
Mississippi and Arkansas the fourth district;
and Louisiana and Texas the fifth district. Why
use the words "so-called State of Yirginia,"
and thereby raise a doubt what are the bound-
aries of that territory ? Why not use the words
in the last clause of the first section as I
have just read them, without limiting them
by the terms "so-called?" Every gentleman
knows you must, under this bill, recognize the
boundaries of these States as originally fixed
by the sovereignty of this Union; and that they
stand as llicy were to this day._ The territo-
rial jurisdiction becomes a very importanteon-
sideration, as my learned friend well knows,
and the territorial jurisdiction of whatever tri-
bunals you create, whether civil or military,
must bo ascertained precisely by law. Grave,
difficult questions arise if this be not done.
ITence it is I propose to sLrike out the terms
"so-called" in the third section, and insert
"said States."
And in the fourth section, Mr. Speaker, I
propose to offer an amendment for the con-
sideration of the House, and I think if gen-
tlemen will give attention to it, if they will
examine the authorities 011 the subject, they
will come to the conclusion the amendment
would give efficiency to the bill; at all events,
will secure it against adverse decisions in the
several courts of the United States whenever
the same question may be raised within your
borders ; that is to insert in the third line of
the fourth section, after the word "custody,"
so it will read :
Sec. i. And be it farther enacted, That courts and
judicial officers of the United States shall not issue
writs of habeas corpuv in behalf of persons in military
custody, except in cases in which the person is held
to answer only for a crime or crimes exclusively
within the jurisdiction of the courts of the United
States within said military districts, and indictable
therein, or unless some commissioned officer on duty
in the district wherein the p'crson is detained shall
indorse upon said petition a statement certifying,
upon honor, that he has knowledge or information
as to the cause and circumstances of the alleged de-
tention, and that ho believes thesa.moto ho wrong-
ful ; and further, that he believes that the indorsed
petition is prelcrrcd in good faith and in further-
ance of justice, and not to hinder or delay the pun-
ishment of crime. All persons put under military
arrest by virtue of this act shall bo tried without
unnecessary delay, and no oiuel or unusual punish-
ment shall be inflicted.
I think, Mr. Speaker, if there is anything
well settled by the judicial decisions of the
United States it is this: that where by positive
law of the United States a person is authorized
to be taken into custody and held to answer
for a crime which bv the laws of the United
States is not indictable nor punishable in the
Federal courts, the writ of habeas corpus will
not lie in said courts unless expressly provided
for by statute. If there be a decision of the
courts of the'United States in conflict with that
I have never heard of it, and I will be under
great obligations to any gentleman of this Hous&
who will point it out.
Why, sir, that questioft has boon ruled in
manner and form as I have just stated, where
it involved the dread issue of life and death,
where the person was placed under arrest by
the warrant of a commissioner appointed by
authority of an act of Congress, where the per-
son so arrested was committed by the order
of the commissioner and by no otlier authority,
to be handed over to answer for his life upon
a charge of crimc not committed within the
jurisdiction of the United States nor indict-
able in any of the courts of the United States.
Upon application for a writ of habeas cofpws
it was relused, exceptions Were taken, the case
was brought into the Supreme Court, where
it was fully argued and considered, and the
court, according to my recollection, without a
dissenting voice, ruled that their jurisdiction, if
any, in the premises was purely appellant; and
inasmuch as it was expressly provided in the
Constitution that the appellate jurisdiction of
that court should be subject to such exceptions
as the Congress of the United States might by
law enact, and inasmuch as the Congress in the
case had withheld from the court and refused
to confer appellate jurisdiction in such a case,
the writ was refused.
Such will be the effect of this bill if the House
adopts it with the amendment. How will the
question stand then? Why, that the writ shall
only issue in the cases excepted by the express
terms of the amendment. In the language of
the proposed amendment the writ shall only
issue in cases where the person is held only
to answer for a crime committed within the
military districts prescribed in the bill, and
which crime is indictable in the courts of the
United States by existing law.
Now, sir, every man here knows well that
there are but few crimes of any sort commit-
ted within the organized or disorganized States
of this Union that are cognizable and indict-
able in' the courts of the United States. The
general purpose of this bill meets my hearty
approval. All I desire is to so shape this legis-
lation as to add to its efficiency by removing
auy cause or seeming cause for conflict with
the civil authorities of the United States, espe-
cially so as to allow cases that are indictable
in the civil courts of the United States within
said insurrectionary States to be tried in them.
1 would like to inquire of gentlemen who seem
to smile at the statement that but few olfenses
committed within a State are indictablc in the
United Suites courts, where is the statute of
the United States that ever allowed any man
to be punished for murder of a private citizen
within the jurisdiction of a State of the United
States, North or South? There is no such
statute. I would like to know when any
court of the United States held any_ man to
answer for crime srrve and except in those
cases which were made expressly punishable
by act of Congress in the courts of the Uni-
ted States. No common law crime as such
without a statute expressly authorizing it is
indictable in the courts of the United States.
Therefore I say, for the burning of the prop-
erty of a citizen, for the murder of a private
citizen, for the robbery of a private citizen, or
for any other crime whatever^ against the per-
son or property of a private citizen, committed
in any State of this Union, the party is not in-
dictable now and never was indictable in any
court of the United States.
The object of this bill, then, is, as explained
by one of my colleagues on the committee, to
furnish some protection against the destruction
of property and of life where that protection
is withheld or not adequately furnished by the
existing organizations of the South. _ I hat
being the object of the bill, this limitation
which I propose to incorporate in the fourth
section, instead of defeating the object, sim-
ply removes what might be ruled a very grave
