1758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
March 2,
no objection to it. But in doing so, let us re-
member that there is more than a question of
dignity, because I am told that a large number
of these officers were actually paid this amount
of money, and if this amendment is suffered to
fail they must pay back the money which they
received in good faith, and which was given to
them by the House in pursuance of its strict
rights.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Out of what fijnd
was it paid?
Mr. CONKLING. It is of no consequence
for my purpose out of what fund it was paid.
I am stating that these officers in good faith
received their increased salaries, and that they
will be compelled to restore the amount of the
increase to the Treasury, because the House
was guilty of illegality and of usurpation ; be-
cause it amounts to that in paying these sums
to these men.
Now, sir, I for one donot believe and will not
admit it for the sake of saving this bill, even
if I deemed its salvation important, which I
do not; for it will not make any difference on
earth whether this bill is passed now or at the
session of tire-Congress that is to follow. But
I say if it is agreeable to the House to make
that admission, to submit to that proposition, I
certainly have no objection; only in doing it
the consequences will be that this whole bill is
revolutionized, turned upside down, and made
to express in many particulars what the House
did not mean and what the Committee on Ap-
propriations never would have consented to.
Having done a thing to begin with entirely
illogical, and I submit entirely unworthy of
the prerogatives and position of this House,
perhaps it is entirely proper, according to all
the logic applicable to the case, that general
derangement and disorder should follow, in
order that the next Congress may, by way of
new legislation, take up and unravel all this
business and make it over in some way. I do
not believe it, therefore I move that this re-
port be concurred in and the committee dis-
charged ; and on that motion I ask the previous
question.
Mr. BALDWIN. I desire to know if at any
time I can move to concur in the Senate's
amendment and ask for another committee of
conference. It seems to me this .bill ought
not to be lost.
Mr. KASSON. If this motion is adopted,
does it preclude another committee of con-
ference ?
The SPEAKER. Certainly not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Would it be in order
to move to recede ?
The SPEAKER. It would; and that motion
would have priority. The Senate has receded
from all its amendments, and has adhered to
its disagreement on the forty-fourth amend-
ment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If we second the previous
question, will it be in order to move that the
House recede from the question of difference
between the two bodies ?
The SPEAKER. When the previous ques-
tion is seconded and the main question ordered,
the question will recur on the motion to dis-
charge the committee, as they state they are
unable to agree. The bill will then be before
the House, and any member can move to re-
cede.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not think the coun-
try will justify us in losing this bill on such a
difference as this.
Mr. SCHENCK. Debate, I believe, is out
or order.
The previous question was seconded and the
mam question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report of the committee of
conference was accepted and the committee
discharged.
Mr. BALDWIN. Inowmovethatthe House
recede from the forty-sixth amendment, and
On that I demand the previous question.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Is it in order
to move any addition to the motion to recede?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I would like
to move to attach a provision which is germane
to the bill.
I The SPEAKER. We are far beyond the
stage when such an amendment would bo in
order.
Mr. LE BLOND. Would it be iu order to
move that the House still further insist upon
its non-concurrence in the amendment of the
Senate, so that we may have another commit-
tee of conference?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Itis too late for that.
The SPEAKER. The motion indicated by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lb Blond]
would be in order should the preceding mo-
tion that the House recede from its disagree-
ment be voted down.
Mr. LE BLOND. Then I hope that the
motion to recede will be voted down.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I call for the
yeas and nays on the motion to recede.
The question was taken on ordering the yeas
and nays ; and there were—ayes sixteen; not
one fifth of the last vote.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. UPSON called for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering tellers ;
and there were—ayes fifteen; not one fifth of a
quorum.
So tellers were refused; and the yeas and
nays were refused.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
motion that the House recede from its disa-
greement to the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. ANCONA. On that question I call for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Upson and
Mr. Le Blond were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes 39, noes 64.
So the motion to recede was not agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the House refused to recede;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LE BLOND. I move that the House
still further insist upon its disagreement to the
amendment of the Senate, and ask the appoint-
ment of another committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed as the conferees
on the part of the House, Mr. Le Blond, Mr.
Pomeroy, and Mr. Allison.
RECORDING OF VOTES.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the rules be
suspended, in order that I may be allowed to
record my vote upon the two bills passed over
the President's veto to-day.
Mr. WHALEY. I ask the same privilege.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will not object if it
does not change the result. [Laughter.]
No objection being made, the rules were
accordingly suspended.
Mr. Latham recorded his vote in the neg-
ative.
Mr. Whaley recorded his vote in the affirm-
ative.
punishment of certain crimes.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, from a com-
mittee of conference, made the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 604)
entitled "An act to define and punish certain crimes
therein named," having met, after full and free con-
ference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the two Houses of Congress agreo to the Sen-
ate amendment made to said bill, with the following
amendment, to wit: strike out the words "lawfully
in the custodythereof " where they occur in the Sen-
ate amendment.
WILLIAM LAWRENCE.
F. E. TROWBRIDGE,
A. J. ROGERS.
Managers on the part of the House.
T. A. HENDRICKS,
IRA HARRIS.
JOHN A. J. CRESWELL,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. PRICE (at four o'clock a. m., Sunday)
moved that the House take a recess until eight
o'clock p. m.
The SPEAKER. Before putting- the ques-
tion the Chair will state, ns it is his duty to do.
being more familiar with the condition and
progress of the public business at this stage of
the session than other members are, that if the
House now take a recess until eight o'clock
this evening several important bills will fail to
become laws unless the President shall sign
them without reading them.
The Chair feels as sensibly as does any other
member of the House the unpleasantness of
having to legislate in the hours of the Sabbath ;
but it will be remembered that the soldiers of
the Republic very often had to perform their
duties on the Sabbath; and the Representa-
tives of the people, in the discharge of the
highly important duties devolved upon them,
are sometimes called upon to discharge their
duties on the Sabbath, or leavethem unfulfilled.
There are many important questions for this
Congress yet to consider and pass upon if they
are to become enacted into laws. There is an
important bill making appropriations for the
naval service of the Government which has not
yet been acted upon by this House. Its con-
sideration has been interrupted by conference
reports which are highly privileged, and other
privileged motions which have prevented the
House from concluding action on that bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would suggest that our
soldiers did not have three months beforehand,
as we have had, to do their work in.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Andtheyactedinastate
of war, while we are in a state of peace.
The SPEAKER. The Chair felt it to be his
duty to make the statement he did about the
condition of the public business in order that
the House might act advisedly upon the motion
for a recess.
The motion for a recess was not agreed to.
Mr. DELANO. I move that the Houee
now proceed to the consideration of business
upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. KASSON. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of going into the Committee of
the Whole on the naval appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The motion to. suspend
the rules to go into the Committee of the Whole
on an appropriation bill takes precedence of
the motion to proceed to business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask leave to submit-a
report from the select Committee on Southern
Railroads.
_ Mr. STEVENS. I object, until we have
disposed of the appropriation bill.
Mr. KASSON. I understand the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] desires to submit a
proposition in the nature of a question of privi-
lege,relating to the compensation of a member
of this House. I withdraw for the present the
motion to suspend the rules, and yield the floor
to him.
The SPEAKER. The Chair regards this
resolution as involving a question of privilege,
and decides that it is not necessary to suspend
the rules in order to bring it before the House.
The Representative from the State of Nebraska
has been admitted to his seat as a member of
this House, that State having complied with
the requisition of the law of Congress, and
having been declared a member of the Union
by the proclamation of the President, as con-
templated by the law providing for her admis-
sion. Under these circumstances, it is pecu-
liarly. within the province of the House to
determine what compensation shall be paid to
the member who has just been admitted. The
resolution of the gentleman from Ohio is in
order as a question of privilege.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms of the IIou=e
be authorized and directed to pay to Hon. T. M. Mar-
quette, Representative from the State of Nebraska,
as a member from the first day of the present session.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I call for the pre-
vious question.
