1084:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
Florida, Texas, Arkansas, and Virginia, (not includ-
ing any 15art of the present State of. "Wests Yirginia.)
In section three, line six, after tlie word"allow"
insert the words " the national,"
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the district
courts of the United States in- their respective d-is*
tricts, and the judges thereofssverally in>thc several
districts of countrywhich, priortothe rebellion, com-
posed thoseveral S to^es ofvirginia, (not includingthe
now State of West Virginia,) North Carolina, South
Caroliixa, Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana,
porida, Texas> and Arkansas, shall have power and
jurisdiction by the: rules* usages, and' practice which
prevail in said courts and with said judges, or that
may fee prescribed for that purpose, to hoar and de-
termine all causes, proceedings, and rights of action
at law, in equity and' otherwise, and all matters of
probate and testamentary jurisdiction as fully as all
such causes, proceedings, rights, and matters coi\ld
have been heard and determined in the courts ana
by the judges exercising jurisdiction prior to the re-
bellion , under the State governments then apd there-
to foro existing in said several districts of country, but
subject to the laws of the United States so far as the
same may not be locally inapplicable.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That tho laws
which arc, or may be, in force in the District of Co-
lumbia, defining and punishing crimes, offenses, and
misdemeanors, so far ae the same may not be locally
inapplicable, shall be in force in the said several
districts and the district courts of the United States,
and the judges thereof, in their respective districts,
shall have jurisdiction and authority, according to
the practice and usages of saidfCO#rts and judges, or
such as may for that purpose bo proscribed, to try
and punish all persons heroafter guiity of any crime,
offenso, or misdemeanor, as definod by said laws.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That said courts
and judges shall have power and authority to issue
and enforce all proccss writs, and adopt such prac-
tice and proceedings as may be necessary or proper
to oxerciso tho powers and jurisdiction herein con-
ferred on said courts and judges, and to prohibit ai^
punish the exercise of any such jurisdiction or power
by any person, tribunal, oourt, or jurisdiction claim-
ing a- right to exercise, or in fact exercising the
functions ,yf any judge, court, tribunal, or authority
under any of the illegal and unauthorized govern-
ments assuming to bo State governments in any of
said districts. And' it shall bo tho duty of tho mili-
tary authorities to onforco the process, judgments,
scntcuces, proceedings. and authority of the courts
of^the United States in said districts.
Srcc. 9. And be it further enacted. That the district
court of tho United States may hold sessions at such
times arid places as said court or tho judgo thereof
may from time to time determine, and as may be
necessary for tho administration of justice.
Seo. 10. A ml be. it further enacted, That it shall be
the duty of thcmilitaryauthoritiesherein authorized
to protect tho loyal citizens of any district of country
heretofore ombraeed in-any on© of the States heroin
named in any and all voluntary meetings, conven-
tions, and proceedings which tncy may poaceably
hold or inshtuto for tho purpose of making a consti-
tution nnd organising a State government republican
m lorm, to bcpubxilfitcd to Congress for ratification
and appM>vn!,and to go into effect only whenso rati-
fied and Mpprovod.
Mr. RISE. Mr. Speaker, f rise for the pur-
pose, as a member of tin? committee which
reported this bill, to got the floor, in order to
enter my protest against its adoption, f prefer,
however, with tho leave of tho House, to defer
my remarks till to-morrow, when the consifl-
cmfioi' of this subjext is resumed. If it shall
bo the understanding that I can have the floor
in the morning, I will give way to others who
may wish to speak to-night.
Mr. SPALDING, Mr. LYNCH, and others
objected.
Mr. H rSK. Then I will, of course, proceed,
Mr. SPALDlNGr. I do not wish to inter-
fere with any rights that may have been ex-
tended to the gentleman from Kentucky by
the chairman of the Committee on llecopstruc-
tion,and if it was his undeistanding that he was
to go on to-morrow I withdraw my objection.
Mr. LYNCH. I also withd raw my objection,
as I understand it will not affect the length of
the debate whether the gentleman goes on now
or to-morrow.
Mr. It ARNSWORTH. I insist that the de-
bate shall take its regular course, unless the
gentleman is unwell and therefore appeals to
the courtesy of the House for permission to
postpone his remarks,
^ Mr. IIISL. I will state that 1 am no further
indisposed than that I am somewhat weary with
the labors of the day, and on that account pre-
fer to defer my remarks till to-morrow; but I
will go on to-night if it is insisted upon.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the objec-
tion withdrawn?
Mr. FAHNS WORTH. It is not.
Mr. HISE addressed the House for one
hour. [His speech will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. INGERSOLL obtained the floor.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask the gentleman to- yield
to me -for a moment, to enable me to offer air
amendment which I desire to have printed.
ilr. INGERSOLL. I will yield for that
purpose.
Mr. LYNCH. -I offer the following amend-
ment, and move that it be printed:
Sec. 6. And be it'further enacted, That under tho
direction of the General of the Army all the loyal
male inhabitants of said districts, respectively, fit for-
military duty, between the ages of sixteen and forty-
five years; shall be organized into district militia,
shall be armed and equipped at the expense of the
United States, and shall bo called out for discipline
and drill not more than twelve days in each year;
and shall be called out for service to preserve order
and maintain peace and the authority of the United
States in the several districts, at the discretion of
the district commanders, subject to the order of the
General of the Army, and for like service in any
other district by his order. While on service, active
or for discipline and drill, said militia, officers and
enlisted men. shall have the same pay and allowances
as tho regular Army of the United States.
The motion was agreed to.
a patent case.
Mr. ECKLEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill granting jurisdiction to the
Court of Claims in a case involving the rights
of a patentee; which, was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Patents;
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was so referred; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
reconstruction—again.
Mr. INGERSOLL resumed the floor, and
addressed the House. [His remarks will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. SHANKLIN obtained the floor.
Mr. THIMBLE. Will my colleague yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. SHANKLIN. I will.
Mr. THIMBLE. I desire to give notice
that if opportunity offers I shall ask leave to
move as an amendment to this bill what I send
to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That under the provisions of this act no
person shall be held to answer for a capital or other-
wise infamous crime unless on presentment or indict-
ment of a grand jury. And in all criminal prosecu-
tions the accuscd shall enjoy tho right to a speedy
and publio trial by an impartial jury of tho State
and district whorein the crime shall have boon com-
mitted.
And then, on motion of Mr. THIMBLE, (at
ten o'clockand thirty minutesp. in.,) the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &o., were presented under
tho rule, and referred to theappropriate committees:
By Mr. ALLEY: Tho petition of Goorgo Appold
& Sons, and others, for a reduction of tax on leather.
By Mr.BALDWlN: A petition of citizens of Mas-
sachusetts, asking for such a change in the post office
law as will allow books and pamphlets to be sent to
public libraries and historical societies without pre-
payment of postage.
By Mr. BRADFORD: Tho petition of citizens of
Denver, Colorado Territory, in opposition to a re-
duction of the national currency.
By Mr. OULLOM: Two petitionssignod by a large
number of citizens of Logan county, in the State of
Illinois, asking Congress to prevent, by whatever
legislation is necessary, tho withdrawal of tho na-
tional legal-tender currency from circulation.
By Mr. DAWSON : Joint resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Pennsylvania, asking a reduction of the
tax on petroleum.
By Mr. DENNY; The petition of mechanics, con-
tractors, and persons furnishing building materials,
for an amendment to the lien law of the District of
Columbia.
By Mr. (500DYEAH: Tho petition of divers citi-
zcns of Albany city and county. New York, cigar
manufacturers, praying foran amendment of the law
imposing a tax on cigars.
By Mr. HOQ-AN: Xhe petition of workmgmcn of
St. Louis, Missouri, praying for the legalization of
eight hours as a legal day's work in tho navy-yard
and other work-shops of the Government.
By Mr. HOOPER: The petition of Charles W.
Dabney, United States consul at the Island of Fayal,
for authority to the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue a register for tho bark Fredonia as a vossel of
tho United States
By Mr. 1IOTCUKISS: The petition of cigar-makers
of Binghamton, Now York* for modification of tax
law.
By Mr. HUNTER: The memorial of Hail, Bradley
& Co., asking that the duty on oxide of zinc misty be
left as it was before amended by th© Senate.
By- Mr. KELLEY: The memorial of the Board
of Delegates of American Israelites, remonstrating
against the manner and formality with which the
test oath prescribedrbythe bill reinstating civil gov-
ernment in North Carolina is to be administered.
By Mr. KOONTZ: The petition of citizens of
Middle* Woodbury, in the c'ounty of Bedford, in the*
Stat© of Pennsylvania, against the passage of any
act authorizing the curtailment of the national cur-
rency and' Against the enactment of any law com-
pelling all national banks to redeem their notes in
New York, or prohibiting national banks from pay-
ing or receiving interest on bank balances.
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of Isabella Fogg,
of Maine.
By Mr. POMEKOY: The remonstrance of' numer-
ous citizens of Palmyra, Wayne county New York,
against: 1. Reduction of national currency; 2. New
York redemption; 3. Restriction of interest on de-
posits.
Also, the petition of E. Munson, and 112 others,
citizens of Seneca county, New York, for protection
to the woolen interests of the country.
By Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts: The petition of
E. R. Sawyer, for register for tho bark Mary, found
derelict at sea.
Also, the memorial of the Boston Board of Trade,
for the passage of an act to encourage commerce, <fec.
~By Mr. ROLLINS: The memorial of Benjamin
rfalch, and 33 others, praying for the passage of a
national revenue and insurance law of the United
States.
By Mr. SCHENCK: Two petitions from citizens of
Washington, District of Columbia, for the removal
of the railroad depot nuisances from the streets and
avenues around the Capitol.
IN SENATE.
Friday, .February 8, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. Wheelock H. Parmley,
D. D., of Jersey City, New Jersey.
The reading of the Journal was dispensed
with by unanimous consent, at the suggestion
of Mr. Conness.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
a memorial of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of New Mexico, praying that a com-'
mission may be appointed to settle the claims
of citizens of that Territory for property de-
stroyed by rebels during the late rebellion;
which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented resolutions of the
Board of Trade of Boston, remonstrating
against any change in the existing laws, in re-
lation to the national currency; which were
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a memorial of
the Mobile Harbor and Railroad Company,
praying to be authorized to purchase Sand
Island, in the Gulf of Mexico; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
He also presented the petition of Jesse
O'Neal, praying the adoption of measures for
the protection of the lumber on tho publio
lauds in the States of Alabama and Florida;
" which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. HOWE presented a'petition of S. Cal-
vert Ford and other citizens of the District
of Columbia, praying an examination of the
advantages which the District presents for
the location of a naval depot for the build-
ing, repairing, and security of the iron-clad
naval vessels of the Government; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Washington, District of Columbia, praying
that a charter may be granted for the purpose
of Maiding a railroad from Washington city,
through Virginia, to- Cincinnati, Ohio ; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. YATES presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Illinois, in favor of an appro-
priation for the completion of the navy-yard at
Mound City, iia that State; which were referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Illinois, remonstrating against any curtailment
of the national currency with the view of a
return to specie payments within a limited
time, and against tho passage of any act re-
quiring the national banks-to" redeem their
circulation in New York, or prohibiting them
from paying or receiving interest on bank bal-
