1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1761
And the contrary practice has been in accord-
ance with the express rule of the head of the
Navy Department until a very recent period.
But now, after so many years of a contrary
practice, a change is being introduced; and
master workmen, and some other officers who
are cited in the provision which the Senate
amendment proposes shall be stricken from
this bill, are discharged from their places, not
because they are unworthy, or because they are
incompetent to discharge the duties which have
been devolved upon them, but in order that
their places may be filled by appointments from
commissioned officers of the Navy, who can
thus be most conveniently provided for.
Sir, this matter involves the question of the
dignity of labor ; the question of the right of
the mechanics of this country, when they labor
for others, at least to be under the superin-
tendency of men of eminence and skill in their
own profession, of men versed in their own
pursuits, of men skilled in the employments
which they follow. I hope, therefore, that the
Committee of the Whole of this House will
not concur in the amendment which the Senate
has proposed to this bill, by striking out this
portion of the section under consideration.
In all parts of the world the question of labor
is now beginning to receive especial and proper
attention from those who are charged with the
duty of legislation. The Queen of Great Brit-
ain, in her late address to the Parliament of
England, devoted the one seventh part of her
address to an appeal to that Parliament to
introduce and support measures calculated to
relieve the working classes from the difficulties
under which they are now laboring; and the
Emperor of France in his recent address to the
French Chamber of Deputies also makes an
appeal upon the same subject. The attention
of the legislation of almost every State in this
country has been called to this most important
subject, and as we learned from the statement
of the gentlemen from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,]
the chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary of this House a short time ago, that com-
mittee has prepared a bill upon this subject,
which they are ready, whenever they shall have
opportunity under the rules of this House, to
introduce for the consideration of members of
the House of Representatives of this Congress.
I hope, Mr. Chairman, that this Committee
of the Whole will not adopt such legislation as
will require the mechanics of this country to
pursue their daily labors under the direction
and control of either officers of the Navy or
officers of the Army. If the House concurs
in the Senate amendment this practice of
placing mechanics of the country under offi-
cers of the Navy will continue. If it does not
concur then our mechanics, as they have from
the foundation of the Government, will be
under the supervision of men skilled in their
particular mechanical pursuits.
Mr. PIKE. The Naval Committee had this
matter under consideration and they made this
proposition, which went to the Senate, and the
Senate has non-concurred. It is likely the
amendment of the House made by advice of
the Naval Committee was too extensive. They
have established some seven or eight offices,
going perhaps too far into detail. I under-
stand the Senate desire to establish four places
to be controlled in this manner. It may there-
fore be a matter of compromise between the
two Houses.
Mr. KASSON. The committee thought it
was to raise a new issue. I will not oppose
the non-concurrence with a view to effecting
some arrangement of the matter.
Mr. PIKE. It can readily be done, and I
hope that the House will non-concur.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fonrth amendment:
Page 4, strike out all after line eighteen to the end
of line twenty-two, as follows:
For pay of some suitable person, appointed by the
Secretary of the Navy, to examine the archives of
the Department and other sources of information,
and collect and collate the facts which may illustrate
the history of the United States Navy, $1,500.
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
39th Cong. 2d Sebs.—No. 111.
Mr. GRINNELL. I hope this paragraph
will not be stricken out, and that the amend-
ment of the Senate will be non-concurred in.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment:.
Page6, line two,in the paragraph forpreparing for
publication the American Nautical Almanac, strike
out $15,000 and insert $21,000.
The committee recommend concurrence.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I should like to
have some information in regard to this matter.
Mr. KASSON. It is all right. The calcu-
lations for this American Nautical Almanac
have been paid for in this way every year.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Add the following as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Navy be, and is hereby, authorized and empow-
ered to negotiate with the city of Brooklyn, in the
State of New York, and to effect a further exchange
of lands in Wallabout bay, between the United
States and said city, and thereupon to make, exe-
cute, and deliver good and sufficient deeds and
releaso therefor.
The committee recommend concurrence, with
the following amendment:
Insert at the close of the Senate amendment the
following proviso:
Provided,That the titleacquired shall be approved
by the Attorney General, and the exchange shall be
effected without expenditure from the Treasury of
the United States.
The amendment was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate amendment, as amended, was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Add the following as an additional section:
And be it further enacted. That no workingman in
the navy-yards shall be requiredor requested to con-
tribute or pay any money for political purposes, nor
shall any workingman be removed or discharged for
political cause: and any officer or employ^ of the
Government who shall offend against this provision
shall be dismissed the service of the United States.
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. KASSON moved that the committee rise
and report the amendments of the Senate to the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Conk-
ling reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly the amendments of
the Senate to the Navy appropriation bill, and
had directed him to report the same back to the
House with concurrence in some and non-con-
currence in others.
The action of the Committee of the Whole
on the amendments of the Senate was then con-
curred in.
MOLINE WATER COMPANY.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to introduce a joint
resolution, and to give a brief explanation of
why I think it ought to pass.
Mr. COOPER. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to suspend the rules.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
64, noes 27.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Be it resolved, &c„ That the Secretary of War be,
and is hereby, authorized and empowered to carry
into effect the recommendations of the commissioners
appointed under the acts of April 19,1864, and June
27,1866, relative to the Moline Water Company and
the water-power at Rock Island, Illinois, as con-
tained in the report of said commissioners, and to
make application for that purpose of the money
heretofore appropriated for securing water-power at
the head of Eoek Island.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I was inter-
rupted when I offered this as an amendment to
the appropriation bill just when I was getting to
the point of the matter. I will now begin again.
In an act passed on the 27th of June last, in
relation to this arsenal at Rock Island, there
was an appropriation in these words, " To
secure water-power at the head of Rock Isl-
and $100,000. ' That money is now dedicated
to this purpose. It is absolutely essential in
order to carry on the machinery for the manu-
faoture of arms at that great western arsenal
building at Rock Island that there should be
water-power and privileges secured. They are
not to be had without an arrangement made
with this Moline Water Company, which has
control in great part of the water-power at the
head of the island.
Under the authority of the same act com-
missioners were appointed to ascertain upon
i what terms a purchase of this water-power
; could be made. I hold in my hand their report.
They say that they have brought the Moline
Water Company to an agreement of this kind,
' provided the Government on its part can carry
it out: that the Government shall give them no
money whatever, but that it shall expend
$100,000 in improving the water-power and
making it effective and valuable for the use of
the Government, and in consideration of the
release of the interest of the Water Company,
, will let them have the use of one fourth of the
water, which will leave three fourths of the
water-power that will be created to the Govern-
:1 ment. The Water Company further agree that
' they will rent at a stipulated price from the Gov-
, ernment all of that three fourths of the water-
H power which the Government may hereafter
| have to spare. So it is to be a scheme by which
i the Government shall get the water-power by
, expending the money on the work itself and
afterward probably making something by rent-
ing any surplus water it may have. This is all
shown by the report of the commissioners.
The fifth condition of the agreement with the
company is in these words:
" Sixty thousand dollars of the present appropria-
tion to be applied to the extension of the present
stone dam on the Moline side, and $40,000 to the ex-
tension and repairs of the wing-dam and removal of
such deposits as may be required for the extension
and repairs of said wing-dam. The use of the pres-
ent water-power shall not be unnecessarily obstructed
during the construction of the proposed work, nor
shall any rent be required until tne improvement
contemplated by the $100,000 appropriation shall
have been made."
The Secretary of War thinks it better, in-
stead of paying the money for the purchase of
the water-power and leaving the work to be
done hereafter, to demand of the company
that they shall let the Government make this
water-power the best it is possible to make it,
and let the company have the use of the water
afterward. Now, the object of this is to en-
able the Secretary of War to carry out that
plan recommended by the commissioners, and
save the payment of the money to the Water
Company, using it for improving this work and
paying the company or whoever now has an
interest in the matter by giving thefli the use
of a portion of the water. I think it is an ex-
ceedingly good bargain; so does the Committee
on Military Affairs, and so did also another
committee of this House to whom the matter
was submitted. I ask the previous question.
Mr. DAVJS. I wish to state that I know
something about this water-power at Rock
Island. I have known it for years, and I am
sure that this operation will be a very conve-
nient one for the parties who purchased that
power originally and owns so valuable an in-
vestment to get rid of it and pass it off to the
Government. I know the whole cost of this
thing originally. I investigated the matter for
the parties who made the purchase. I think
within the last year the entire interest of the
stockholders of that water-power was sold to
parties in Chicago on some speculation at
$59,000, and the Government now has come
to the conclusion that to purchase a small in-
terest in the property it is advisable to pay
$100,000 for it. I think it had better by far
use steam-power, than to purchase water-power
at such rates.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I know something
about this town of Moline and this water-power.
It was formerly in the congressional district
which I represented; and last winter I was con-
sulted by the officer of the War Department in
charge of this work, meeting General Rodman,
whois inchargeofthe buildingof the arsenal, at
the office of the engineer in Washington. The
town of Moline is built at the head of the island
on the Illinois shore. First they had, by au-
thority of the Legislature, extended the dam
