1086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 8,
him lie fearlessly stands the" defender of1 the
Constitution o£4is country and vindicates it in
his high office.
Sir, that distinguished judge does not belong
and has not for many years belonged to the
political party with which I act. If advocacy
of the war after it commenced, if support
of the War after it commenced, constituted
loyalty, he was among the most loyal. He
wished to avert the calamity of war, but when
the country was engaged in war he was one of
those who wished that success might attend
your standard.
I take occasion too, sir, to say, in reference
to that judge, that among all the district judges
of the United States there are none abler.
When appointed district judge for that State
he was at the very head of the bar of that
State. It was a pecuniary loss, a sacrifice to
him to accept the position. It matters not to
him whether you increased his salary or not,
but when you increase the salary of one judge
you cannot justly discriminate as against an-
other. And in reference to the " petty State
of Delaware" or the " little State of Dela-
ware," I do not presume the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts meant any reflection.
It is true, sir, that she is not extensive as far
as her territories are concerned; but there
is one thing that can be said, she was the
first to adopt the Constitution under which we
formerly lived, the Federal Constitution, and
under no circumstances has she through any
department of her government done aught at
any time in violation of that Constitution or
in opposition to the Union for which that Con-
stitution was formed.
It cannot be said of her that she has ever
advised resistance even to Federal law. It is
no fault of hers if wild and maddened schemes
for the perpetuation of a political party in
power have plunged this country into horrid
civil war. It is no fault of hers if your Fed-
eral Union is this day destroyed. She has
advocated none of the wild, unconstitutional
doctrines which arrayedbrotheragainstbrother,
State against State, and section against sec-
tion ; but throughout her whole history, ob-
serving with fidelity the bond of union into
which she entered with other States, she has
trespassed upon no rights of others, and only
claimed that she should he respected in her
own. And throughout all her history she has
shown a devotion to the Constitution of the
country and to the union of the States which
had it been followed by Massachusetts and
other States, would have saved us from the
calamities under which wo now sutler; and
instead of every household being this day
clothed in mourning, instead of almost, every
eye in this country having been bathed with
tears, there would be nothing but joy, happi-
ness, and prosperity everywhere.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When I was up before
I stated briefly the objection to this mode of
legislation of raising the salary of one person
so as to correspond with that of another with-
out stating in the law the exact amount of
salary. 1 think I am correct in this objection.
The Senator from Massachusetts, before ho got
through with his remarks, placed this bill upon
the very ground on which I objoetod to it. Ho
sai'd that the person holding the office of quar-
termaster sergeant was a faithful officer. - Is
that the principle upon which salaries are to be
fixed? It may be in the view of the Senator
from Massachusetts, because ho has under-
taken to denounce a measure which fixes the
salaries of tho district judges of the United
States, on the ground, forsooth, that some in-
cumbent of the office of district judge somewhere
is not a man according to his views. Are the
salaries of the officers of this country' to be
fixed upon any such principle as that? You
might as well undertake to discriminate in this
body, to give one Senator one salary and
another a different salary.
The Senator says this is a very simple prop-
osition. What is it? It is a proposition to
allow to the quartermaster sergeant in the
battalion of Engineers the same pay allowed by
law to the sergeant major of thebattalion. How
many Senators know what "that is? I think
this is an improper mode of legislation, and I
have objected to such legislation on previous
occasions.
Mr. WILSON". This is a bill passed by the
House of Representatives to increase the pay
of an officer from twenty-two to thirty-six dol-
lars per month, on the recommendation of the
chief Engineer, accompanied by a letter from
the Secretary of War. To explain the matter
more fully, I will read a portion of a letter
from the head of the Engineer corps to the
Secretary of War:
"I have tho honor [says General Humphreys] to
invite your attention to certain matters relating to
tho organization of tho Engineer battalion, which,
in my opinion, call for additional legislation ; and to
ask that they be brought to the favorable attention
of Congress at its present session.
" 1. The pay of the quartermaster sergeant of the
battalion should be made tho samo as that of the
sergeant major. As the laws now stand the sergeant
major roecives thirty-six dollars per month; a ser-
geant thirty-four dollars; a corporal twenty dollars;
and tho quartermaster sergeant, who is tho second
in rank among tho non-commissioned officers of the
battalion, only twenty-two dollars. His dutios, in-
volving the care of much engineer property in addi-
tion to that belonging to tho quartermaster's depart-
ment, are of an importantand rosponsiblecharaeter,
and it is but just that his pay should bo made to cor-
respond, instead ot boing as it now is, twelve dollars
per month less than thocompany sergeants, who rank
below him. The present rate of pay is clearly our
in advertence, which Congress would no doubt prompt-
ly corroet on its being brought to its notice."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, in my judgment
wo should have understood this bill belter if
it had pi-ovided that the salary of this oflicer
should be increased from twenty-two to thirty-
six dollars per month, which the Senator from
Massachusetts says is the effect of it. It is
not framed in that way, but provides that one
oflicer shall have the pay and allowances now
given to another officer.
Mr. WILSON. If the Scnalor had asked
mo what change was made in the law by this
bill as it came to us from the House of Repre-
sentatives I could very readily have told him.
I did not draw tho hill; it comes from the
House in this shape. I had tho letters of the
Secretary of War and of the chief Engineer at
my desk and could readily have answered any
question in regard to it, and should have been
glad to do so.
Mr. CONNESS. Time is very precious at
this period of the session, and I hope it will
not bo wasted on this little matter. When a
measure comes from one of the standing com-
mittees of this body it is always entitled to
consideration. I am sure this bill need not
occupy much time. I trust wc shall have the
vote upon it.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the exception taken
by tho Senator from Illinois to theminsidious
manner in which this bill is worded is very
proper and very just. That, however, is a
favorite mode in which legislation for the pur-
pose of an increase of salaries is introduced
into tho two Houses of Congress. I think it
ought to be so distinctly reprobated that it shall
not be repeated for the future. It is insidious,
and it does not inform explicitly the two Houses
of tho nature or extent of the increase of salary
that is proposed. I think the just and tho true
mode of raising salaries is by a distinct expres-
sion of tho amount to which they are to be
raised. I myself have often seen the Senator
from Illinois interpose to prevent this and
other improper legislation, as I conceive, and I
think he ought to be sustained by the Senate,
and receive its support and respect for doing
so. My only regret is that' that Senator, with
his strong sense and his correct statesmanship,
does not more frequently interpose in such
matters ^han is his habit. I trust that in the
future we shall have his interposition much
more frequently in this line.
Tho bill was read the third time, and passed.
PUBLICATION OF DEBATES.
Mr. ROSS presented a concurrent resolution
directing the Secretary of the Senate and Clerk
of the House of Representatives to contract
with D. C. Forney for the publication of the
debates of the two Houses in the Daily arid
Congressional Chronicle, and asked that it be
referred to the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is a
concurrent resolution. Is there any objection
to its introduction ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it lies over.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. RAMSEX. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 527, to amend the postal laws.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The hour has come for
the order of the day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday must now be taken
up, which is the bill (H. R. No. 896) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1868.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before proceeding to
take tho vote on the adoption of the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole, I
wish to suggest to the honorable Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Poland,] who moved the amend-
ment with reference to the salaries of the dis-
trict judges, that a slight alteration should be
made in it which I suppose can be done by
unanimous consent, so as to make these sala-
ries commence from and after the 30th of J une,
1807, the beginning of the fiscal year.
Mr. POLAND. So far as I am concerned I
consent to that modification of the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it will be better
to begin tho fiscal year with the new salaries.
The PRBSIDENT^jro tempore. That modi-
fication will be made by unanimous consent, if
no objection be interposed.
The question is on concurring in the amend-
ments made as in the Committee of the Whole.
The Chair will put the question on the amend-
ments collectively, saving and excepting all
such amendments as Senators may name,which
will be excepted from the general vote of con-
currence.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for a separate vote
on the amendment in regard to the salaries of
the district judges.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask for a separate vote
on the amendment proposed by me increasing
the salary of the Chief Clerk and of the Ser-
geant-at-Arins of the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for a separate vote
on the additional section I moved to the bill
last night I wish to change a few words in it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Are there
any other exceptions to be made? If not the
Chair will take the question on the residue of
the amendments which have not been espe-
cially named.
The amendments not excepted were con-
curred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ex-
cepted amendments will now be read in their
order.
The Secretary read the first excepted amend-
ment, which was to insert as an additional sec-
tion:
And be itfuitjier enacted, That the salary of the
district judge of California shall be $5,000; the sala-
ries of the district judges of the districts of Massa-
chusetts, southern and eastern districts of New York,
eastern district of Pennsylvania, Maryland, northern
district of Illinois, Louisiana, Oregon, and Nevada,
shall be $4,500 each; and tlie salary of the district
judge of every other district shall bo $4,000 each;
and such salaries shall bo in full compensation for
all official services performed by such judges, and
no other allowance or payment shall be made to
them for traveling expenses or otherwise; and the
amount necessary to pay the increased compensation
herein provided for shall be paid out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Will the Senate concur in the amend-
ment just read ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Upon that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and naj's were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Cattell,
Chandler, Conness, Creswell, Davis, Doolittle. Ifes-
