1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sloan, Starr, Stilwoll, Nathaniel 0. Taylor, Francis
Thomas, Thornton, BurtVanHorn, Robert T. Van
Horn. Henry D. Washburn, Willi,am B. Washbnrn,
Windom, Woodbridge, and Wright—58.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PARIS EXPOSITION.
The next and last business on the Speaker's
table was Senate joint resolution No. 154, to
provide for the exhibition of several produc-
tions of the United States at the Paris Exposi-
tion in April next; which was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution was read in full. It
instructs the Commissioner of Agriculture to
collect and prepare as far as practicable, and
with as little delay as possible, suitable speci-
meri!f of the cereal productions of the several
States of the Union for exhibition at the Paris
Exposition and forward the same in proper order
and condition for shipment to J. C. Derby,
agent for the United States Government for the
Paris Exposition, at New York.
Mr. BID WELL. I hope this bill will be
passed at once.
Mr. SPALDING. I would like to propose
a slight amendment by providing that wo shall
incur no further expense than we have already
appropriated money for.
Mr. BID WELL. Why, this does not require
any further appropriation.
Mr. SPALDING. Ah, but it will require it.
Mr. BIDWBLL. I certainly would have no
objection to the amendment only it involves
the necessity of returning the joint resolution
to the Senate, which will cause delay. It is
important, since the United States are to be
represented in the Paris Exposition, that we
should without delay take every necessary step
to be well represented. This resolution merely
authorizes the Commissioner of Agriculture
to prepare and forward to New York certain
cereals.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to offer this slight amendment.
Mr. BIDWELL. I will not object.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend by add-
ing the words '■ provided it shall require no
further appropriation.''
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman from
California yield to me a moment?
Mr. BIDWELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. KASSON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spal-
dixg. ] This joint resolution does not make any
appropriation. But even if it should require
a small appropriation every member of this
House representing an agricultural constitu-
ency ought to sustain it. I hope my friend
from California will insist upon the passage of
the resolution in its present form. The matter
needs prompt action. I know the northwest-
ern States are particularly desirous to liavc a
comparison of their cereals with those of other
countries ; and in my judgment the result will
be to save us from incurring unnecessary ex-
Eense in the future by enabling us to ascertain
y comparison what foreign cereals will be use-
ful for introduction into this country.
Mr. BIDWELL. As I said before, I do not
object to the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, but the amount of cereals necessary to be
► placed in the hands of the agent of the United
States at New York in order to properly repre-
sent the different portions of the country can-
not be very large. A very few bushels of grain
from each State will be amply sufficient, and
the cost of transportation cannot amount to
anything serious, therefore I do not oppose the
amendment. T would, however, appeal to the
gentleman, who certainly must have the interest
of his country at heart and who desires undoubt-
edly that we shall be well represented in the
Paris Exposition, to withdraw his amendment
and let us act upon the joint resolution at once.
WhaVamount of grain will it take to represent
all the States of the Union ? What will it cost
to transport it to New York ? It does seem to
me that it will be so small a sum that it will be
better not to add the proviso. Let us leave it
as it is, and let us be well represented in that
important exhibition. If there is anythingthat
deserves to be represented at Paris it ia the
staff of life, of which our country is so great a
producer that it is becoming the granary of
the world. I demand the previous question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
yield.a moment?
Mr. BIDWELL. Certainly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio will be
adopted. As the resolution now stands it
leaves entirely to the discretion of the Commis-
sioner of Agriculture how much shall be selected
for transportation to Paris. Of course the
Government will be called upon afterward to
make appropriation for the transportation of
these cereals. How much that appropriation
maybe nobody knows. Now, sir, the agricult-
urists of my own State are themselves without
any assistance from the Government (they do
not ask any) for collecting such products as they
desire to have exhibited, and so I think it is
throughoutthe northwestern States. The agri-
cultural societies and men of wealth, if they
think it necessary or important to their section
of the country to be represented at Paris by the
exhibition of seed, will send them over. I am
entirely opposed to giving the discretion to the
Commissioner of Agriculture as to what and
how much shall be selected. He may send
over ten ship-loads.
Mr. BIDWELL. I wish to state to the gen-
tleman from Illinois that there is an under-
standing between the agent of the United States
for the Paris Exposition in New York and the
Commissioner of Agriculture here that certain !
States have furnished proper specimens, and ;
perhaps certain other States will do it; but the
idea is to secure uniformity and universal rep-
resentation there. It seems that this can only
be done through some great central agency,
and the Department of Agriculture seems to
be the proper agency. Whenever it is found
that specimens have been offered from any
State, of course there will be no expense in-
curred in obtaining other specimens from that
State; but we desire to have the entire country
represented.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from California a question.
Mr. BIDWELL. I will yield for that pur-
pose, although I desire to call the previous
question.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to know whether
he understands by this resolution that the ex-
panses are to be taken out of the present appro-
priation for the Agricultural Department.
Mr. BIDWELL. Yes, sir; whatever ex-
penses may be incurred.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. The gentleman from
California will allow me to answer the question
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I saw
the Commissioner of Agriculture this morning,
and he said that this expense would be taken
out of the appropriation already made for his j
Department.
Mr. STEVENS. It happens that no appro-
priation has been made this year.
Mr. BIDWELL. We have passed the
appropriation this year.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; _ the _ gentleman
is mistaken. The appropriation is hung up
now on an amendment to cut down the appro-
priation for the Agricultural Department. If
that amendment is to prevail and then we are
to withdraw this amount—which, I under-
stand, cannot amount to less than five or ten
thousand dollars—I do not know that I shall
object; but I think we should decide what the
Department shall get before we impose this
additional expense upon it. A large appro-
priation has already been made for this pur-
pose, under the eloquent persuasion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks, ]aiid
1 had hoped that that would be the end of the
expenditures for this foreign Exposition. I do 1
not begrudge what has been already voted,
because the knowledge we may acquire will
probably be worth that mneh money; bat
I do object to taking this additional amount
out of the funds appropriated to the Agricult-
ural Department. I have a notion to send my
own potatoes over there, and my friend from
Connecticut [Mr. Hubbard] would send his
onions.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I gave
my friend some onion seed this morning.
Mr. STEVENS. I acknowledge the receipt
of it; but I would really like to know want is
to become of the appropriation for the Depart-
ment before I vote to exhaust it in this way.
Mr. BIDWELL. It is well known that the
Commissioner of Agriculture has many ways
in which to procure what is desired by this
resolution without any great amount of ex-
pense. I presume he will have merely to re-
quest the different agricultural societies with
which he is in communication to get nearly
everything which he would require; but if he
should have to purchase a small amount, I
want to know if the gentleman expects him to
get it for nothing. The sum would be so small,
if there should be anything to pay, that no one
could object to it.
Now, sir, as we have determined to be repre-
sented in this great Exposition, I hope the
American people will insist, through their Rep-
resentatives in this Congress that they shall be
so represented as to have their country not sur-
passed by any nation nnderHeaven. If there
is anything that would benefit this country by
imparting information across the water, it would
be to show the capacity of this country for pro-
ducing the cereals, and for one I hope that we
will do everything in our power to be repre-
sented at least in that important feature.
Mr. SPALDIN G. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask hira one question?
Mr. BIDWELL. 1 will; but I am occupy-
ing too much time.
Mr. SPALDIN G. How much have we al-
ready appropriated for this Paris Exposition?
Did we not appropriate money for this very
purpose?
Mr. BIDWELL. I understand that we
appropriated .3100,000.
Mr. SPALDING. We appropriated $250,000,
and my object is to keep the expenditure within
that amount.
Mr. BIDWELL. T now yield for five min-
utes to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks.]
Mr. BANKS. The expenditure fortius pur-
pose will be very slight indeed. The Agricult-
ural Department can pay it out of its appro-
priations without interfering at all with the
working of the office : or if the Commissioner
cannot now do it, and the appropriations to be
made for that Department hereafter shall be
such as not to justify, it, then he will not do it.
It is left entirely to his discretion. Most of the
States have already forwarded specimens of
their cereals; and agricultural and other socie-
ties interested in grain in the principal States
have collections which can be forwarded with
very little expense. I hope the resolution,
with the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] will be
allowed to pass.
Mr. BIDWELL. I now call the previous
question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Ohio [_Mr.
Spalding] will not change the joint resolution,
I move to lav it on the table.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 47, noes 50.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
the yeas and nays upon the motion to lay the
joint resolution on the table.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division there
were—ayes 1'-*, noes 70.
So, one fifth not voting in the affirmative,
the veas and navs were not ordered.
The motion to lay on the table was accord-
ingly not agreed to.
