1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1763
we have provided that wherever there is satis-
factory proof that such property was actually
furnished for the subsistence of the troops
engaged in defending Indiana and Ohio against
that raid, receipts given by persons acting
under the authority of General Wallace shall j
have the same effect as receipts given by the
proper officers. f
The Senate has amended the bill so as to
require that the receipts shall be given by "the
acting quartermasters." But as this was not
an organized army, there were no regularly
authorized quartermasters. The Senate, in
making the amendment, has acted under a
misapprehension.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope that this bill will
be passed. A similar state of things to that
which the gentleman from Ohio has described
prevailed in my own section of country; and I
feel the full force of everything that he has
said. At some future time I may ask the pas-
sage of a similar bill with reference to the
people of my own State.
The amendments of the Senate were not
concurred in.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move the appointment
of a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
fortification appropriation bill.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
1184) making appropriations for the construc-
tion, preservation, and repairs of certain for-
tifications and other works of defense for the
fiscal year ending June 80, 1868.
The amendments were read, as follows:
On pago 3, after " dollars," in lino thirteen, insert
the following:
For the construction and repairs of barracks for
engineer troops at the depot of engineer supplies, at
Willett's Point, New York, $25,000.
On pago 3, strike out all of section two, and insert
the following as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That in order to deter-
mine the relative powers of resistance of the turret
and broadside system of iron-clad vessels-of-war, and
whether or not our present heaviest guns are ade-
quate to the rapid destruction of the heaviest plated
snips now built or deemed practicable on either sys-
tem, and whether or not our heaviest stone forts
will resist our heaviest guns, and if not what increase
in strength by adding either stone or iron or variation
in form is necessary to that end, the Secretary of
War and the Secretary of the Navy arehereby author-
ized to detail a joint board, of not less than six com-
petent officers, three from the Army and three from
the Navy, whoso duty it shall be to construct and
tost by firing upon them such targets as they may
deem necessary for the purposes above named; and
the Secretary of War and the Secretary of the Novy
are hereby authorized and directed to supply the
board with such facilities for the purpose as theymay
require: Provided, It can be done from the unex-
pended funds and materials now at their disposal, the
expenses to be borne equally by the War and Navy
Departments, and from such funds at their disposal as
tho Secretary of War and Secretary of the Navy may
designate respectively.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. One of the Senate
amendments appropriates only $2,500 for Wil-
lett's Point, it is recommended by the De-
partment and was originally in the bill. The
other seems to me to be a proper item.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It is the beginning of
another appropriation. I move that the amend-
ments be laid on the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
44, noes 52.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Washburn, of
Indiana, and Mr. Farnsworth were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 50, noes 55.
Mr. SCOFIELD. This bill has more lives
than a cat and not half as valuable. [Laughter. ]
I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved that the House
concur in the Senate amendments; and on
that motion demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
51, noes 45.
Mr. DELANO demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Delano and
Mr. Euot were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 54, noes 55.
Mr. BERGEN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendments were not concurred in.
MOTION FOR EEri;, <.
Mr. SCHENCK. By long usage it is held
that the legislative day extends to twelve
o'clock the next day. It is necessary we
should extend this day's session, and I there-
fore move that we take a recess until eight
o'clock this evening, to enable the Speaker to
sign bills and resolutions, so that they may be
sent to the President.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman means eight o clock Sunday
evening. At three o'clock Sunday morning
the Speaker decided it was not Sunday, but that
it was Saturday.
The SPEAKER. A distinguished member,
Mr. Benton, was also told on Sunday it was
still Saturday. The legislative day continues
until the beginning of the next.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I hope the Chair
will state to the House what necessity there is
for our meeting on the Sabbath. It is an
offense to the religious sentiment of ourpeople,
and can only be justified by the condition of
the public business. I hope the Speaker will
state to the House why it is we must meet on
Sunday. I
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state if it
is the pleasure of the majority they can vote
now to take a recess until twelve o'clock on
Monday. It is within their province t,o do so.
There are two appropriation bills now in the
hands of conference committees, one for the
civil service and one for the support of the ,
Navy of the United States. There is also the
deficiency appropriation bill, which has not yet
come back from the Senate. It contains eleven
or twelve millions for our pensioners. The
money for pensions is now exhausted, and pen-
sion offices have suspended, waiting for this
deficiency bill to pay the widows and orphans
of our soldiers. This bill is before the Senate, |
and no conference has yet been appointed on |
it. If this House takes a recess until Monday
morning there will be no time for the transac-
tion of this public business. These bills have 1
to be considered in both Houses, sent to com- I
mittees of conference, those committees have
to make their reports, the bills have to be
enrolled and signed by the Presiding Officers of
both branches, and then sent to the President
for his approval.
So also in regard to other bills that are in
the hands of conference committees. The
Chair supposes that by a mere formal session
this evening we might comply with the rules,
which require that the Committee on Enrolled
Bills shall report in open House, and that the
Presiding Officer shall sign the bills reported by
that committee in the presence of the House.
But of course it is in the power of the House
to let those bills remain unreported and un-
signed, and take a recess until any time they
see fit.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move an amendment,
that when the House adjourn it adjourn to
meet at eight o'clock p. m. this day, (Sunday.)
Mr. MAYNARD. Let us take a recess
until that time—not adjourn.
The SPEAKER. It will require a two-
thirds vote to do that, as our time for meeting
is fixed by rule at twelve o'clock.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will change my amend-
ment, and move that the House take a recess
until the hour I have named.
Mr. THAYER. I move that at eight o'clock
a. m. the House take a reoess until eight o'clock
this evening.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a question of
order. I believe there is no motion pending
to amend the motion which I made. My
motion will appear on the Journal as made on
Saturday, and being a motion to adjourn until
to-morrow at eight o'clock the Journal will
show that to-morrow will be Sunday, and that
to-day is the 2d by legislative usage, so that
the Journal will be all right'. If from to-day,
the 2d, we adjourn until to-morrow, of course
the adjournment will be to the 3d; and I
have moved to adjourn to eight p. m. because
I suppose we will have to be here only for an
hour or two.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg leave to say that
my colleague is quite mistaken.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain a motion for a recess as an amendment to
a motion to adjourn.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I think I can
make a suggestion that will meet with the
approval of the House. I move an amend-
ment to the motion of my colleague, [Mr.
Schenck,] that when the House adjourn it
adjourn to meet at one o'clock on the morn-
ing of Monday, March 4.
Mr. BINGHAM. That will not do at all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that motion. By the Constitution the
Thirty-Ninth Congress does not exist on the
4th of March.
Mr. THAYER. Is it not in order to move
that at eight o'clock this morning the House
take a recess until eight o'clock this evening?
The SPEAKER. A motion to adjourn has
priority of a motion for a recess.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to amend the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio as follows:
Resolved, That this 3d day of March, 1867, is not Sun-
day, but is in fact Saturday, the 2d day of March, 1867.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that that amendment is not in order.
Mr. KASSON. I want to call the attention
of the House to the fact that the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations, when he
left the floor about two hours ago, informed
me that the committee of conference upon the
miscellaneous appropriation bill had agreed
upon a report, and desired that action upou it
might be had before either recess or adjourn-
ment. I feel bound to make this statement to
the House before these propositions are put to
a vote.
Mr. NIBLACK. We are only waiting for
the Clerks to prepare the report of the com-
mittee to submit it to the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of
order, that if we adjourn now, on the 2d of
March, the 3d being Sunday, we adjourn sine
die, that Sunday is not legislative time, that
there is no precedent in the history of this
country or of England in which legislation
appears by the record to have been transacted
on the Lord's Day.
Mr. HILL. Let us make a little history.
Mr. MAYNARD. I trust, sir. that in this
respect we shall make no innovation, and that
if the necessities of legislation require to
actually prolong the 2d of March into the 3d,
we shall at least let our Journal speak as the
Journals of our predecessors speak upon this
point.
Mr. DELANO. I appeal to my colleague
[Mr. Schenck] to withdraw for the present
his motion to adjourn, and let us proceed for
some time yet in the transaction of business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have been misunder-
stood. I have not made a motion to adjourn
at all. My motion was that when the House
adjourn it adjourn to a certain time. I now
withdraw the motion.
Mr. THAYER. I move that when this
House again take a recess, it be to meet at
eight o'clock this evening. We have already,
I believe, taken one recess to-day.
Mr. DELANO. There is no necessity for fix-
ing now the time to which we shall take a recess.
The SPEAKER. In view of established
precedents, the Chair is of opinion that the
House had better take a recess for as many
hours as they think proper, keeping the date
of the Journal March 2.
The motion of Mr. Thatkr, that when the
House take a recess it be to meet at eight
o'clock p. m., was agreed to.
Mr. FARQUHAR. i ask unanimous con-
sent to offer a resolution which I think will
not give rise to any debate. It is this :
Jt—ohtd, That aU tana and coats imposed upon
