THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
January 1,
The question recurred upon seconding the
call for the previous question; and being taken,
upon a- division there were—ayes 63, noes 38.
So the previous question was seconded.
. The main question was J.hen ordered.
• The first question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Spalding, to arnenS the joint resolution
by adding to it the following words:
Provided, That it shall require no further appro-
priation from the JMblie Treasury.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was then
read the third time.
• The' question was upon the passage of the
joint resolution as amended.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Upon that
question I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 48, not vot-
ing 58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona. Baldwin, Banks, Barker,
Baxter, Bergen, Bidwell. Blaine, Boutwell, Broom-
all, Buckland, Bundy, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Darling, Davis, Dawson, Defrees,
Delano, Deming, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs,
Eldridge, Farquhar, Ferry, Finck, Garfield, Gloss-
brenner, Grinnell, Griswold, Hart, Hayes, Hogan,
Holmes, Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, Humphrey,
Hunter, Ingersoil, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Kelso,
Ketcham. Kiiykc11da 11, George V. Lawrence, Lynch,
Marvin, McClurg, McCulloch, McRuer, Mercur,
"Miller, M'oorhead, Moulton, Myers, Noell, O'Neill,
ferham, Phelps, Plant*, Samuel J. Randall, Ray-
mond, Ross, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Strouse, Taber,
Nelson Taylor, Thayer, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge,
Hamilton W ard, Warner, W elker, W entworth, Wha-
ley, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Winfield—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, James M. Ashley, Baker,
Beaman, Benjamin, Bingham, Bromwell, Campbell,
Cobb, Cook, Cooper, Cullom, Culver, Eckley, Farns-
worth, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Harding, Hawkins,
Hill, Hise, John H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell,
Latham, William Lawrence, Leftwieh, Loan, Mars-
ton, Maynard, MeKee, Morrill, Niblack, Orth, Paine,
Priee, William H. Randall, Ritter, Sawyer, Schcnek,
Scofield, Shanklin, Stokes, Trimble, Upson, Andrew
H.Ward.Elihu B. AVashburne, Henry D. Washburn,
Williams, and James F. Wilson—48.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, Delos R. Ashley, Blow, Boyer, Brandeg.ee,
Conkling, Dawes, Denison, Dumont, Eggleston, Eliot,
Goodyear, Hale, Harris, Henderson, Higby, Hotch-
kiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N.
Hubbell, Hulburd, Jenckes, Johnson, Jones, Kerr,
Koontz, Laflin, Le Blond, Longyear, Marshall, Mc-
Xndoe, Morris, Newell, Nicholson, Patterson, Pike,
Pomeroy, Radford, Alexander H. Rice. John II. Rice,
Thornton, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T.
Van Horn, William B. Washburn, Woodbridge. and
Wright—58.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. BIDWELL moved to reconsider tlie
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled joint resolution signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a joint resolution
of the following title:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 221) authorizing
certain medals to be distributed to honorably
discharged soldiers free of postage ; when the
Speaker signed the same.
rio grande land grants.
The Speaker laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Territory
of New Mexico, transmitting a joint resolution
of the territorial Legislature regarding Rio
Grande land grants; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands and ordered to be
printed.
leave of absence.
Mr. HENDERSON asked and obtained in-
definite leave of absence for Mr. Denny, Dele-
gate from Washington Territory.
abolition oe slavery.
Mr. KASSON. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a joint resolution declaratory of
the meaning of the thirteenth amendment to
the Constitution of the United States of Amer-
ica. If objection be made I shall move to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. KASSON. I think the gentleman will
withdraw that motion if he will hear the joint
resolution reported.
Mr. THAYER. I insist on the motion.
The motion was not agreed to; there being—
ayes 40, noes 70.
Mr. KASSON. I move to suspend the rules
to introduce the joint resolution which I send
to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows;
Whereas the Congress of the United States at
the second session of the Thirty-Eighth Congress,
proposed to the several States for adoption the thir-
teenth amendment'to the Constitution of the United
States, which has now, by the ratification of three
fourths of the States of the Union, become part of
th e Constitution, and which by its terms forever pro-
hibits slavery or involuntary servitude " except as a
punishment for crime whereof the party shall have
been duly convictedand whereas in somo parts of
this Union it is asserted and maintained that, not-
withstanding said amendment, it is lawful to sell or
otherwise commit into unofficial subjection to slavery
persons who may be convicted of offenses against the
law, by reason whereof certain inferior tribunals
have adjudged free eitizens of the United States to
be so disposed of as to reestablish chattel slavery for
life or for years, against the principles of the Chris-
tian religion, of civilization, and of the Constitution
of the United States, which now recognizes no invol-
untary servitude, except to the law and to the officers
of its administration: Now therefore.
Be it resolved, <£c., That the true intent and mean-
ing of said amendment prohibits slavery or involun-
tary servitude forever in all forms, except in direct
execution of a sentence imposing a definite penalty
according to law, which penalty cannot, withoutvio-
lation of the Constitution, impose any other servitude
than that of imprisonment or other restraint of free-
dom under the immediate control of officers of the
law and according to the usual course thereof, to the
exclusion of all unofficial control of the person so
held in servitude; and that all orders, judgments, or
decrees authorizing or directing the sale or other
disposition into servitude of any person within the
jurisdiction of the United States otherwise than as
abovo declared to be lawful, are and shall be taken
and held to be in violation of the thirteenth constitu-
tional amendment aforesaid, and therefore void.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, I suppose it
is known to every gentleman in the House that
in certain States of this Union, notwithstand-
ing the constitutional amendment referred to
in this joint resolution, men are being, per-
haps every month, sold into perpetual slavery,
under a form of law by which inferior tribu-
nals order that a man shall be sold at public
auction, and call that an execution of a legiti-
mate sentence of the law. This seems to me
to have arisen from the fundamental error of
supposing that when we abolished slavery
throughout the United States 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to, a question of
order. Is debate in order upon a motion to
suspend the rules ?
.g j£. any member
The SPEAKER,
objects.
Mr. ELDRIDGE.
The SPEAKER.
I object.
The question is on the
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 111, nays 26, not voting 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos R,
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Baxter.Beaman,Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine,
Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, Reader V.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke,Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Darling,
Davis, Defrees, Delano, Deming,Dixon, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eliot, Farnswortb, Farquhar,
Garfield, Grinnell, Griswold, Abner C. Harding, Hart,
Hawkins, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill, Holmes,
Hooper. Chester D. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,
James R. Hubbell, Hunter, Tngersoll, Jenekes, Ju-
lian, ICasson, Kelley, Kelso, Ketcham, Kuykendall,
Latham, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Loan.Loneyear, Lynch, Marston, Maynard, McClurg,
Meltuer, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill. Moul-
ton, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham,
Pike, Plants, Price, William H. Randall, Raymond,
Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scofield, Spalding. Starr, Stevens, Stokes,
Thayer, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Aernam, Hamilton Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Henry D. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth,
Williams, James F.Wilson, Stephen F.Wilson, and
Windom—111.
N AYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Campbell, Cooper,
Dawson. Eldridge, Finck, Glossbrenner, Aaron Hard-
ing, Hogon, Humphrey, Kerr, Leftwich.MeCullough,
Niblack, Phelps, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter, Shank-
lin, Strouse, Taber, Nathaniel G.Taylor, Nelson Tay-
lor. Ti imble, Andrew H.Ward,and Winfield—26.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Anderson, Barker,
Blow, Boyer, Brandegee, Bandy, Chanler, Conkhng,
Culver, Dawes, Denison, Dumont, Eggleston, Ferry,
Goodyear, Hale, Harris, Tli.se, Hoichkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Hul-
burd, Johnson, Jones, Koontz, Laflin, Le Blond, Mar-
shall, Marvin, Melndoe, MeKee, Morris, Newell,
Nicholson, Noell, Pomeroy, Radford, Rogers, Ross,
Rousseau, Sheliabarger, Sitgrcaves, Sloan, Stilwell,
Francis Thomas, Thornton, Burt Van Horn, Robert
T. Van Horn, WilliamB. Washburn, Whaley, Wood-
bridge, and Wright—54.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended.
The joint resolution was accordingly intro-
duced and read a first and second time.
Mr. KASSON. Several gentlemen desire
to get the attention of the House for a few mo-
ments, and some desire the House to adjourn.
As this is now before the House, if I can retain
it as the firstbusiness for to-morrow, I am will-
ing to yield to any gentleman. I yield to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
reconstruction.
Mr. STJ3VENS. I desire to make a motion
in reference to House bill No. 543, which re-
lates to the subject of reconstruction. As I
propose to be absent from the city for a few
days, I move that the bill be postponed tempo-
rarily, for one week after the adjournment to-
morrow, and to be taken up immediately after
the reading of the Journal.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to modify my sub-
stitute so that the modification may be printed
before it again comes up for consideration. I
move to add after the fourth section the fol-
lowing :
And no person shall be deprived of the right to
vote or otherwise disfranchised by reason of convic-
tion or punishment for any crime other than for
insurrection or treason or misprision of treason.
I propose to add that as a modification of
my substitute, that conviction for crime except
for treason shall not take away the right to vote.
And if the House will indulge me, I will give
reason for it now, so that gentlemen may under-
stand it. I have received information from
gentlemen connected with the Preedmen's Bu-
reau—I knew it for weeks past, but only yes-
terday received the information officially—that
in North Carolina and other States where pun-
ishment at the whipping-post deprives the per-
son of the right to vote, they are now every
day whipping negroes for a thousand and one
trivial offenses; and one of the lieutenants now
there—il need not name him, because as he fears
it might bo fatal to him—told me last Saturday
that they are taking them up in the different
counties, and in one county before he left they
had whipped every adult male negro whom
they knew of. They were all convicted and
sentenced at once, and he ascertained by inter-
mingling with the people that it was for the
purpose of preventing these negroes from voting
under the bills which have been passed.
I now move that the substitute, as modified,
be ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
national bank circulation.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to introduce the following
resolution:
Resolved, That it is not expedient to increase the
circulating notes of the national banks beyond the
amount of$300,000,000, as now prescribed by 1 aw; and
any such notes required for organizing additional
capital in national banks should be provided by
reducing the proportion of circulating notes which
the several banks are now entitled to receive from
the Comptroller of the Treasury. t
And I ask that the resolution be put upon
its passage.
Mr. THAYER. I object.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now
in order.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to withdraw Ins
objection.
Mr. THAYER. T object to such hasty legis-
lation, and I shall insist on my objection. This,
sir, is not the way for this House to act upon
a question of. such importance.
