THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
that it is almost impossible to reside here with
a family upon a salary of $4,000 in such away
as a judge should be able to live', .It is true
that it may be said, as has bebn said by my
friend from Maine, that they are not residents
hfere in one sense; that is to say, they take
occasionally a recess of one or two months,
but nearly the 'whole of their time is spent
here. The winter is spent here, and if they
take any recess it is for one or two months it)
the summer, and I am satisfied from what I have
heard from them that they are obliged to deny
themselves things which are necessary! think
to every gentleman who is upon the bench of
any extensive jurisdiction, and which implies
for the discharge of its duties judicial ability.
The questions before the Court of Claims
are very different from the questions which are
brought before the supreme court of the Dis-
trict. They deal in criminal cases and with
every species of offense, small and great. Their
jurisdiction in civil mattei-s is comparatively
unimportaut to the public at large, exccpt so
far as the public is interested in seeing the
rights of suitors carefully attended to. But
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, as we
have now given it, is very extensive and in-
volves in its exorciso the interests of'the Treas-
ury to a large amount. I do not know what
may be the amount actually in controversy in
the several cases in the Court of Claims, but
the number of the cases in that court is very
♦ great; and from the character of the claims
themselves, the nature of the questions which
they present, it requires much more labor in
eacli ease to decide it than it does require to
decide an ordinary ease whore the'court have
the assistance ofa jury. These judges haveto
try the facts us well us the law. L'lie questions
of law which are brought before them are often
very intricate, very doubtful to any man who
is not well acquainted with the general juris-
prudence of the nation ; and I should be
exceedingly unwilling to see upon the Court
of Claims any gentleman who was not able to
fill the highest judicial office in the country.
I agree with my friond from Maine that
there ought to bo a distinction between the
judges of the Court of Claims and the judges
of the Supreme Court of tho United States,
for the reasons which he states; but the judges
of the Supreme Court do not get enough. I
do not like to refer to individual eases, but the
late Chief Justice, who gave his whole life for
twenty-four years in the discharge of his duty,
and to tho satisfaction of all the suitors and
the satisfaction of tho country, except in a
particular instance, who might have earned at
the bar, if his health had permitted him, a
great deal more, although he lived in tho most
economical way possible, left, the world with a
family almost wholly dependent upon others.
If lie had had a salary at all equal to the sal-
aries which are paid in England to abilities of
no greater extent ho could have entertained
the members of the bar who came hero from
time to time, the eminent men who belong to
the courts abroad, many of whom are from
time to time here ; but, as it was, so far as I
am advised, lie never was able to have a single
person at his table, either in the morning or in
the evening.
Now, these judges, all of them, have fami-
lies, and they are here the whole year, with the
exception of some one or two months; and
they are away then because they are exhausted
by tho labors of the antecedent months, and
because the heat of tho weather is such that
they are unable to discharge the very labo-
rious duties which are upon them in the other
months of the year.
Mr. President, what have we done ? Upon
an average the long session never exceeds six
months and the short session three months,
making nine months in two years; and for our
duties here we get $10,000—$10,000 for nine
months of actual service. When we go home
those of us who have professions or other em-
ployment apply ourselves to such professions
or employment and receive whatever additional
compensation we may be able to earn. But
it is hot so with these judge's. When they, for
the purpose of relaxation, leave their labors
here and for a month or two go elsewhere, they
have to spend the money, live upon the money
which we give. They have no resources at all
of acquiring anything else.
1 do not think it is an argument against the
propriety of this allowance that the officers
of the several bureaus, many of whom are
highly intelligent men, worthy in all respects,
are getting less than the judges of the Court
of Claims are. They do not require the same
kind of ability as a general rule. They are
accounting officers. It is more the ability of
the clerk than the ability of the jurist; and the
questions which they are called upon to decide
are questions very different in general from
those which the Court of Claims are called upon
to decide; and when they are in doubt they
have a right to appeal to the Secretary of the
Treasury and ask him to take tho opinion of
the Attorney General, so as to save themselves
the trouble of coming to any conclusion for
themselves, if they folt themselves even com-1-
potent to that task. It seems to me, therefore,
looking to tho character of the court, the
nature of its jurisdiction, and the almost im-
possibility of living upon the salary, that it is
due to the country as well as to the judges that
they should be paid at least the sum proposed
by the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. While I am not able
to agree with the Committee oti the Judiciary,
I am not going to say anything derogatory of
the dignity and importance of the Court of
Claims. My opinion is, that $4,000 a year for
a life office such as this is very good pay, and
I know that very many of the best lawyers of
tho country are willing to take the office at that
pav.
The distinguished Senator from Maryland
refers to the compensation of members of Con-
gross. Comparisons are never very agreeable ;
but I will ask tho Senator to answer his own
argument by replying to this question. lie
says that for nine months of service members
of Congress get $10,000. Does he say that
tho judges of tho Court of Claims for nine
months' service ought to bo paid out of the
Treasury $10,000, tlioy holding a life office?
Mr. JOHNSON. No.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator says no.
Then what is his argument? I am tiot going
to speak of the class of men that a fair com-
pensation is supposed to invite into' the halls
of legislation. Tho legislative department
ought to bo filled with the very highest ability
that tho country can command.
I do not think the duties of either of these
judges are equal to the duties required of the
First or Second Comptroller. I may be mis-
taken, but I think their compensation is $3,500.
They pass upon hundreds ot millions of dollars,
not all of them disputed questions or cases,
but very many of them are. On behalf of
some of my constituents I had occasion the
other day to inquire of the Comptroller in
regard to his views about a steamer that was lost
while in tho employment of the Government;
and 1 say to tho distinguished Senator from
Maryland that that case involved as trouble-
some questions of law and evidence as ordi-
narily arise in the courts; more troublesome
questions: the question of the liability of the
owner of the vessel, in view of the terms of
the charter-party and in view of all the facts
of the case ; how far the facts relieved from a
strict performance of tho contract on the part
of the owners; $20,000 involved; and yet the
Comptroller had to take his time at night, I
suppose, to examine that question and decide
it, and his decision was conclusive—final upon
the questions of law and the questions of fact.
I suppose he decides a hundred million dollars
where this court decides one, not all contested
cases, I am free to say, but very many of them
contested cases. I suppose the contested cases
before the Second Comptroller are ten to one
for all the contested cases in the Court of
Claims, and he not only represents the party
that comes before him, but ho has to stand up
for the Government, and he has to seek his
evidence in defense of the Government's rights
wherever he can find it. He has to institute
necessary and proper inquiries.
If a comparison were proper at all, my opin-
ion is that the labors of one of these judges
are not to' be compared, so far as the interests
of the people are concerned, with the labors
performed either by the First or Second Comp-
troller. They are very high and very responsible
officers indeed, and yet we think that $3,500
is enough for them. I doubt it, so far as they
are concerned ; but Congress has so fixed it by
law. I have not spoken of the Auditors_ who
first pass upon these cases, because their de-
cision is not final. They are not the highest
court in ,the Executive Departments tipoti these
questions. I have spoken only o'f the Comp-
trollers.
There has to be some arbitrary limit to this
matter, and I believe that a man who gets $4,000
for sitting in the Court of Claims is very well
paid in view of the fact that he has a life office.
I never heard that they stayed here near all
the year. I did not know that was the fact.
Two or three years ago I was brought some-
what in contact with some of these judges, and
my impression was that about 18G3 the labors
of the court were very trifling indeed. Very
few decisions were made. Perhaps the cases
have increased. My impression is that they
do not sit here half the year. I may be mis-
taken about it, bat that is my impression.
Whether they do or not, they have a life estate;
this is a life office, to examine eases. It is not
like the Supreme Court of the United States.
They discharge just such duties as the Audit-
tors do, with the aid of counsel for the Govern-
ment who hunt up the evidence. Tho case is
brief; the facts printed : they have to read the
printed brief, the printed facts, and they decide
upon them, while the Auditors and Comptrol-
lers are to represent the Government and se-
cure the evidence as best they may, and exam-
ine the manuscripts. There are not very many
questions of law arising in the court, I appre-
hend. The jurisdiction extends to cases arising
under law, contracts, and the regulations of the
Department. These cases very soon classify
themselves, and the decision of one case I sup-
pose will decide a class, especially if they arise
under the regulations of a Department, or if
they arise under a law.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is the case with the
Comptroller, is it not?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir, the same fact
would apply to the case of the Comptroller.
But a judge of a district court of the United
States or of a circuit court of the United States,
holding the court for the circuit or for the
district, has to decide all questions of law and
fact; he is a chancellor in his court, holds a
court of chancery, and the most difficult ques-
tions that can arise in courts of chancery come
before those judges. Questions in the courts
of common law arc as complicated as the busi-
-ness of this great country can bring before
them. I think myself there is no comparison
in the dignity and responsibility of the two.
It would be very pleasant for ine to vote this
money ; I would be glad to do it if I thought
it was right; but I do not. There has got to
be some end to this business of raising sala-
ries. At the last session we fixed $4,000 for
the judges of the supreme court of this District,
judges whose jurisdiction corresponds with the
jurisdiction of the circuit courts of the United
States, and, going beyond that also, a local
jurisdiction in the District of Columbia. Now,
if $4,000 was right there, why shall these other
judges have more ? _ The simple question is
whether we shall raise both, for if we raise
these we have got to go back and undo what we
have done and raise the salaries of the judges
of the supreme court of the District of Co-
lumbia. Although it is disagreeable to say no
on a question of this kind, I am going to da
it, for I do not think it is right. The people
of this country that make their money by hard
work do not make any such compensation as.
the lawyers; and the great body of the lawyers
