1764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
members of this House for being absent without
leave be remitted.
Mr. BALDWIN. I object.
NATIONAL CAPITAL INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. MERCUR, from a committee of con-
ference, made the following report:
The committee of conference appointed upon the
diuufcreeing votes of the two Houses upon House
bill No. 2J4, to incorporate the National Capital In-
surance Company, having met, after full and free con-
ference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their first amendment,
with the following amendment; in line nine, page 1,
alter the word "elsewhere" insert "subject to the
laws of the several States."
That the Senate recede from their second amend- i
ment, with the following amendment: in line four-
teen, page 1, after the word "elsowhere" insert "sub-
ject to the laws of the States as aforesaid."
That the Senate recede from their third amend-
ment, and that thewhole of section nine, as amended,
be stricken from the bill.
That the Senate recede from their fourth amend-
ment, with thefollowing amendments: inlinetwonty-
seven, page 6, strike out the word "twenty" and
insert "one hundred and fifty:" after the word "dol-
lars" in lino one, page 7, insert "in shares of fifty
dollars each;" in line two of same page strike out
tho word "twenty" and insert "one hundred and
fiftystrike out all of the tenth section after the word
" insurances," in line three, page 7.
That the House concur in the fifth amendment of ,
the Senate, with the following amendments: in line
four of said amendment strike oat tho word "Jan-
uary" and insert in lieu thereof the word "Febru- !
ary;" after the word "Interior" in line six of said ;
amendment insert as follows: "a detailed report of
their transactions for the preceding year:" in same
line strike out the word "shallin line seven after !
the word "some" insert the word "value:" after the I
word "Columbia" in lines seven and eight insert !
"for at least ten days;" strike out the word "pro- 1
miums" in lines eight and nine and insert in lieu !
thereof the word "profits;" at the end ofsaidSenate
amendment add the following: "together with the
amount of stock subscribed and the amount actually
paid in." ULYSSES MERCUR,
MARTIN WELKER,
Managers on the part of the House.
LOT M. MORRILL,
I>. T. PATTERSON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The committee also recommend the follow- j
ing amendments to the bill: !
tWi page 2, strike out after the word " upon" in line j
five down to and including tho word "upon" in line
eight. j
On same page, after the word " lives" in line nine 1
insert "and health." j
On page 3, strike out all after the word " that" in
line eighteen over to and including the word "rep-
resentatives," on page 4, line nine.
On page 4, strike out the words "members or" in
lines eleven and twelve.
On same page, strike out all after the word "respon-
sibilities" in line thirteen down to and including the
word "company" in line fifteen,and insert in lieu
thereof as follows: " beyond the amount of stock sub-
scribed by them respectively."
On same page, strike out all of section five.
On same page, strike out the word "members" in
jine twenty-five and insert in lieu thereof"the word
' stockholders."
On same page, strike out the words "said deposit
notes or" in lines twenty-five and twenty-Bix.
On same page, strike out the word "thereon" ill lino
twenty-six, and insert in lieu thereof the words " on
their stock."
Strike out all of section seven on pages 5 and 6.
On page 6, strike out the words "members or" in
line nine.
ULYSSES MERCUR,
MARTIN WELKER,
Managers on the part of the House.
LOT M. MORRILL,
D. T. PATTERSON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. It will require unanimous
consent to change the text of the bill.
No objection was made ; and the report of
the committee of conference was agreed to.
Mr. MERCUR moved to reconsider the vote
by 'wKfeh the report of the committee of con-
ference-was agreed to; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
W. W. POTTER.
The House resumed the consideration of the
business upon the Speaker's table, the next
business m order being the consideration of
the amen Iraetit of the Senate to bill of the
House No. 1095, to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay a certain draft to W. W.
Potter, late acting military agent of the State
of New York.
The amendment of the Senate was to add to
the hill the following:
iVo  deJ, That before tho payuieut of said warrant
the said W. W. Potter shall execute a bond of indem-
nity to the United States, with sufficient sureties,
against the claim of tho payee under said warrant.
Mr. DELANO. I move that the amend-
ment of the Senate be concurred in.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
F. A. GIBBONS AND P. X. KELLEY.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate amendments to the House joint
resolution No. 3f>, referring the papers in the
case of F. A. Gibbons and P. X. Kelley to the
Court of Claims.
The first amendment of the Senate was as
follows:
Page 1, line three, strike out " for" and insert,
" and the court shall be authorized, if of opinion that
the end3 of justice will be subserved thereby, to
grant."
Mr. DELANO. I move the amendment be
concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Page I, line four, after "petition," insert" without
prejudice to the claim by reason of the former de-
cision of tho said court."
Mr. DELANO. I move the amendment be
concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were concurred in ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HEIRS OF JOHN E. BOULIGNY.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 438, for the relief of the
heirs of John E. Bouligny ; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill was read at length. It provides
that there be, and hereby is, confirmed to
Mary Elizabeth Bonligny, Corinne Bouligny,
and Felice Bouligny, the widow and children
of John E. Bouligny, deceased, the one sixth
part of the land claim of Jean Antoine Ber-
nard d'Autrive, in the State of Louisiana, said
one sixth part amounting to seve'nty-five thou-
sand eight hundred and forty acres; and that,
inasmuch as the said lands embraced in said
claim have been already appropriated by the
United States to other purposes, certificates
of new location, in eighty-acre lots, be issued
to the said Mary Elizabeth Bouligny, for her
own benefit and that of her said minor children^
in lieu of said lands, to be located at any land
office in the United States, upon any public
lands subject to private entry at a price not
exceeding $1 25 per acre. The Commissioner
of the General Land Office is hereby directed
to issue said certificates of new location, in
accordance with existing regulations in such
THAYER, Mr. Speaker, I am in-
structed by the Committee on Private Land
Claims to say that this bill has been by them
carefully examined, and that they recommend
its passage. I present on behalf of the com-
mittee the following report:
The Committee on Private Land Claims, to whom
was referred Senate bill No. 438, an act, for the relief
ot the heirs of John B. Bouligny, have had the same
unrter consideration, and report:
That the claim for which reliefisasked in thiscase
has already undergone two oflicial investigations un-
der acts of Congress for the adjustment of private
land claims in Louisiana. In each of these investi-
gations the facts found established the validity and
regularity of the original concession by the French
Government, and its subsequent recognition and
approval by the Spanish Government which suc-
ceeded.
Tho first of these investigations was under the act
of Februanr 6,18o5  which provided for an examina-
tion of claims by thcregister andreceiver of the pro-
per land district, subject to approval or rejection of
the decision by Congress. Upon this investigation a
favorable report on this claim was made, but it was
not acted on by Congress. In 1844, Congress passed
another act for the adjustment of private land claims
in Louisiana. This act provided for the hearing of
■uch claims in the district courts of the United States
and their confirmation by decree of the court, sub-
ject to appeal to the Supreme Court of the United
States. This claim waspresented to the United States
district court in Louisiana under this law, and a regu-
lar trial took place, fully contested and argued by
counsel on both sides; and the court, upon the evi-
dence in the causc, found in favor of the claimants,
and made a decree of confirmation. This decree
finds all the facts of the case. It will be found on
pages 2 and 3* of a report made to the Thirty-Sixth
Congress in thesamecase from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims. The proceedings are also detailed
at length in 15 Howard's Reports, page 14, «£c.
The committee beg leave to refer to the reports al-
ready mentioned, where the facts of the case and the
evidence of them, which is very voluminous, are
fully set forth at great length. The decree of Judge
McCaleb in the district court having been in favor of
tho claimants, an appeal was taken therefrom bythe
United States to the Supreme Court. In that court
the decree of Judge McCaleb in the district court of
Louipiana was reversed upon the ground of want of
jurisdiction in tho district court, the court holding
that the act of Congress under which tho trial had
taken place extended only to imperfect titles, and
that the claimants, if they had shown anything,
showed a case of a perfect title. Upon this ground
| the decree below was reversed, four of the judges,
however, taking care to express the opinion that
as the cause was reversed for want of jurisdiction in
the district court, it was not proper for them to pass
upon the validity or invalidity of the title which
had been shown.
This claim, it may also be mentioned, has passed
tho Senate twice. In the Thirty-Sixth Congress it
passed the House, and failed in the Senate for want
of time. In the Thirty-Seventh Congress it passed
tho House, and is stated to have been lost in the Sen-
ate by an attempt to ingraft upon the bill a proviso
that the lands to be given in lieu of those appropri-
, ated and sold by tho Government should be lands in
i the State of Louisiana, which proviso the claimants
1 and the friends of the bill were unwilling to accept,
because all the public lands of any valuo in Louipi-
ana had already been disposed of by the Govern-
ment.
The claim has been favorably acted upon by four
1 congressional committees. It ha«i also, has been
i already stated, been sustained by two careful judicial
investigations. These considerations have, however,
not been allowed to have any undue weight with the
present committee. This committee have carefully
investigated tho evidence in the case, and are of the
; opinion that the claim against the United States is
just and should bo allowed.
Tho committee, therefore, report the Senate bill
with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. Speaker, without detaining the House
at this late hour any longer than is necessary,
I will give a brief history of the origin of this
claim.
In August, 1717, letters-patent were issued
by the King of France by which a company
was created under the name of the ■' Western
Company," to which company all the lands,
coasts, ports, havens, and islands of the French
Province of Louisiana were given, granted, and
conceded in full property, seignory, and juris-
diction, with authority, by the eighth article
of said charter, to sell, give, and grant the
said lands so granted.
In the latter part of 1717 or beginning of
1718 the said company, with the view of pro-
moting the settlement of said Province, granted
to Pari3 Duvernay, a man of great means and
influence, a tract of land fronting on the west
bank of the Mississippi, opposite Bayou Man-
chac, having four leagues front on the Missis-
sippi and extending in the rear back to the
Atchafulaya river. Duvernay was at the time
one of the counselors of the King and Intend-
antof the Royal Military Academy in France.
Early in 1718 the said tract of land was set-
tled by a considerable number of persons sent
out from France by said Duvernay, under the
direction of one Dubuisson. Improvements
were made upon the said lands, and the same
were occupied and considerable portions culti-
vated from that time until 1765, when the agent
of said Duvernay sold the same to Jean An-
toine Bernard D'Autrive—in a private memor-
andum ot D'Autrive the price is stated to have
been twenty-seven thousand livres—the an-
cestor of the present claimants. D'Autrive
took possession of the same, known as the
Bayou Goula Concessia, and cultivated consid-
erable portions of the front and made thereon
a road, beginning on the Mississippi river at
or near the lower line and extending to the
Atchafalaya, which was known as the Portage
D'Autrive, and he [D'Autrive] continued to
occupy it until his death, in 1770.
November 3, 1702, a secret treaty was en-
tered into between France and Spain by which
France transferred the Province of Louisiana to
