1.867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1089
of this country, working all the year with
very little relaxation, do not make more money
than that. Some men who attain great emi-
nence in their profession can make ten, twenty,
and- thirty thousand dollars; but they are rare
exceptions. As I believe, the labor of the
profession is much greater than that performed
by these judges. I think the salary is enough.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Anthony
iij the chair) put the question on the amend-
ment, and declared that the Chair was unable
to decide.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have the yeas
and nays. That will settle it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PATTERSON. I ask for the reading
of the amendment.
The Secretary read as follows:
And be it further enacted. That from and after the
30th day of June next the annual salary of each of
the judges of the Court of Claims shall bo $5,000.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 18; as follows :
_ YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Creswell. Dixon, Doo-
little. Foster, Prolinghuysen, Harris, Howard, John-
son, Norton, Patterson, Poland, Pomeroy, Trumbull,
and Van Winkle—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Conness, Cragin, Davis,
Fessenden, Henderson, Hendricks, Kirkwood, Lane,
Morgan, Morrill, Boss, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner,
Wade, Willey, and Wilson—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cattell, Chandler,
Cowan, Edmunds, Fogg, Fowler, Grimes, Guthrie,
Howe, McDougall, Nesmith, Nye, Itamsey, Riddle,
Saulsbuiy, Stewart, Williams and Yates—10.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. "WADE. I move to amend the bill on
page 3, lines fifty-eight and fifty-nine, by strik-
ing oat the words ''in the Daily Globe."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Sen-
ator, if he is going to make a motion to strike
out those words, that he had better insert the
words " of the Senate daily so as to read:
For reporting and printing tho proceedings of tho
Senate daily for tho first session of the Fortieth Con-
gress. «
Mr. WADE. Very well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That will present the
question.
Mr. WADE. My object in making this
amendment is barely to save a conclusion. If
we permit this clause to remain as it stands
and as agreed on by the House, we may be
concluded by it. It is very probable that a
good deal of money may be saved by trans-
ferring this whole business to the Government
printer. I do not know that that ought to be
done, but it is a subject worthy of considera-
tion. I hope we shall not conclude ourselves
now by settling the matter, because, if we wish
to have it as it is here it will be very easy to do
it on any other bill, as there will be several
appropriation bills come up hereafter; but I
believe on consideration it will be found that
we shall save money if we take this matter into
our hands, and perhaps make other amend-
ments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio proposes to amend the bill on page
3, lines fifty-eight and fifty-nine, by striking
out the words, "in the Daily Globe" and in-
serting "of the Seriate daily;" so that the
clause will read:
For reporting and printing the proceedings of the
Senate daily, lor the first session of the Fortieth Con-
gress, $21,250.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know, as the
Senator from Ohio says, but that it would be
better to have the proceedings of Congress
published at the Government Printing Office.
It may be so. I have not investigated that
matter at all, and he has not laid before us
any facts. But we know this: that our pro-
ceedings for many years have been officially
published in what is known as the Globe. The
next Congress meets in about three weeks, and
when it meets we shall want its proceedings
published somewhere; and I suggest to the
Senator from Ohio that if we strike out the
Daily Globe here we shall have no arrange-
ment with anybody. Now, ought we not to
have some arrangement with some one to print
the proceedings when Congress meets ? It is
a very short time to make these arrangements.
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 69.
I am not very familiar with printing, but I sup-
pose it would take a very considerable establish-
ment, and would occasion a very considerable
outlay of money, to make preparation to pub-
lish the proceedings of Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. An immense outlay.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is only three weeks
from now to the next session, and if you leave
the thing loose who is to do it?
I am not sure but that it would be best to
have it done in some other way; but it seems
to me that when we dispense with our present
arrangements for printing our proceedings we
ought to substitute some other arrangement.
The Senator from Ohio, if I understand him,
proposes to have no arrangement with any-
body, but to leave to the future to make an
arrangement with some one. Who is to do it?
There is nobody chargcd with that duty. We
are within a little more than three weeks of
the close of the session. The Senator from
Massachusetts says it would take an immense
outlay of money and a very large establish-
ment to publish our proceedings. You cannot
make these arrangements in a day.
I do not pretend to know whether the publi-
cation as wc now have it is the most econom-
ical or best. I only know one thing: our pro-
ceedings are very faithfully reported. I think,
so far as the Globe is concerned, it contains a
very faithful report of our proceedings; and I
think you cannot make an arrangement to have
it done elsewhere in a moment. What I sug-
gest, therefore, to the Senator from Ohio is, that
before we dispense with the Globe we see what
we can do elsewhere. I have not looked into
the laws; I have not read them; I do not
know what our arrangements with the Globe
are. I presume the Senator from Ohio has
examined the subject and thinks wc are under
no obligation to continue the publication there.
I have not looked into it. Ifthatbeso, of course
we can dispense with it; but I suggest to him
and to the Senate whether wo had better dis-
pense with our present arrangements without
having anything else ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I had occasion to exam-
ine the relations of the Government with tho
printer of the Congressional Globe a number
of times when I was a member of the House,
and I think it is perfectly clear that there is no
contract between the United States and the
publishers of the Globe which they cannot at
any time annul and which we cannot at any
time abrogate. Mr. John C. Rives in his life-
time took that position, and it has always been
acquiesced in. He, by a public letter, which
I think was presented by the chairman of the
Committee on Printing, at one time said ho
would have to discontinue the publication of
tho Globe unless Congress would do so and so,
and we complied with his terms on the ground
that he had a right to discontinue the work,
and he could have done it. The whole ar-
rangement has sprung up from various resolu-
tions passed from time to time extending tho
operations of the Congressional Globe. The
whole contract rests upon those resolutions
which are like a contract from year to year ;
but I presume myself that if we make now an
appropriation for the next year for the Daily
Globe, it would designate and make a contract
which in law would be binding upon the Uni-
ted States, because it would be your offer con-
tinuing the present arrangement and it would
bo accepted by them; the appropriations would
be made and bo beyond our power to recall.
I think such an appropriation might be a con-
tract.
Mr. JOHNSON. It would make a contract.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Mary-
land says it would make a contract, and I think
it would ; but that would be the only contract.
Now, to avoid such a conclusion, I think it
would be well to adopt this amendment so that
if we choose we may select some other mode
of publishing the Congressional Globe. There
has been a great deal of controversy about it,
and my own judgment has been in favor of
publishing it by the Public Printer,^ where it
may be executed as cheaply as possible, in a
building we now have the possession of, by
officers under the control of the Government,
where the paper is purchased in pursuance of
bids invited, and where most of the work is
done by the day's work; where we can control
it at all times andregulate it. Thatis mypres-
ent judgment; but at the same time I am not
prepared to give any decisive opinion upon
that until we have the report of the Committee
on Printing. My colleague's amendment, I
think, ought to be adopted to prevent the
making of a contract by this appropriation,
and if it is adopted I shall offer a proposition,
which I have written hastily, to provide—
That tho joint Committee on Public Printing be
directed, by public advertisements, to invite pro-
posals for tho execution of tho work now done in the
publication of the Daily and Congressional Globe,
and that they report whether tho same may be done
with greater economy by tho public Printing Office
or by aooepting one of the bids so offered.
I think that will, lay the foundation at least
of a fair investigation of the whole matter.
One word more. By the custom which has
grown up in the publication of the Globe the
proceedings of the called session of the Senate
are always made a part of the previous session;
so that there need be no trouble about the
short session of Congress that will meet im-
mediately following the present session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That will not bo a
called session ; it will be a regular session.
Mr. SHERMAN. The appropriation for
the current fiscal year is probably amply suffi-
cient to cover that. If not, it can be very
easily done. This is an appropriation for the
next fiscal year, commencing on the 1st of
July, and it will give us all the time between
the close of the first session of the next Con-
gress and the regular session of the next Con-
gress ; so that there is no difficulty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to ask the
Senator if there is no danger of having no-
body to do the work. It will require, as I
understand, considerable preparation to do
this work, and unless it is understood that
somebody is to do it can you be sure that you
can get. a person at the moment? Congress
meets in three or four weeks again.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment of my
colleague docs not prevent a continuation of
the work for the current fiscal year.. Hero is
an appropriation for the next fiscal year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Who is to continue it?
Mr. SHERMAN. The present publishers
of the Globe. Their appropriation continues
until the 1st of July next, and consequently all
the proceedings of Congress until then would
be covered by the past appropriation. There
is no doubt about that. This appropriation
commences from the 1st of July next.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The last appropriation
covered only the present Congress, I suppose.
Mr. SHERMAN. By custom—this is all a
custom—or rather by resolutions, the proceed-
ings of the called session of the Senate, although
it may be of a different Congress, have been in-
cluded in the debates of the previous Congress,
and I have no doubt that some such arrange-
ment will be continued with regard to the short
session we may have at the beginning of the
next Congress.
Mr. TItUMBULL. If the Senator will look
at the clause proposed to be amended he will
see that it provides for the first session of the
Fortieth Congress, and that will be the session
commencing on tho 4th of March.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That makes this more
important.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That makes this specific
for that time.
Mr. SHERMAN. That would be wrong.
If that would be the construction put upon it
tho whole thing is wrong, and it ought to be
stricken out. There is no necessity for such
an appropriation as that for the first session of
the next Congress, and perhaps the language
ought to be changed. I ask the chairman to
look at that. The proposition which I shall
make, if my colleague's amendment shall pre-
vail, will provide for that by referring the
whole matter to the Committee on Public
