109(1
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
Printing to make a new arrangement or con-
tinue the present one.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, in relation to
the printing of the Congressional Globe there
is certainly some very strange misrepresenta-
tion. There has been placed upon the tables
of some of the members of the Senate some
publications, without the authority of a name,
which states:
"The second section is intended to remunerate
Mr. Rives for his real or alleged losses on the publica-
tion of the Congressional Globe and Appendix at the
prices theretofore agreed upon, namely, $7 50 per
column for reporting and publishing the number
subscribed for."
The publishers of the Globe cipher out this
statement with the following result:
"Three columns to a page, at $7 50 a column, is
§22 50 a page.
Four thousand nine-hundred and eight pages at
$22 50 a pago is 3110,430 a copy.
Eleven thousand copies at $110,430 a copy is
81.214.730.000."
I am informed by the publishers of the
Congressional Globe that they do not receive
$22 60 per page, nor more nor loss than two
mills per page. There is such a vast difference
between these two statements that there must
be something very essentially erroneous in the
one or the other. I suppose th&t the proper
course for this matter to take would be a fair
and true investigation of it by the Committee
on Printing. I think it ouglit„to take that
coarse. The subject ought to be investigated
and reported upon by that committee before
the Senate ceases to take its proper and usual
action on the subject.
Mr. FESSENliEN. Mr. President, I think
it would be as well to understand this question
definitely. I confess my mind is in a state of
some confusion with reference to it. 1 believe
on looking back that when this appropriation
was first made it was not in the lorru of an
appropriation for the Congressional Globe as
it is now, but simply an appropriation of so
much for publishing the proceedings of the two
Houses.
Mr. WADB. That was it.
Mr. EESSENDEN. Thatwasthelangnage,
Subsequently, as 1 am informed, the Senate
passed two resolutions in different years direct-
ing that those publications might bo mado by
Mr. Itives in the Globe. I think since then
there lias been no particular resolution passed,
but we have gone on making the appropriations.
The House passed no resolution specifically,
but provided in the appropriation bills in this
form, "for the Congressional Globe" and "to
be published in the Daily Globe," &c., and
mauo their appropriations. Ours were differ-
ent until within a very few years, when the
same phraseology has been adopted in making
the appropriations of the Senate. J think it
was not adopted until after the present Secre-
tary of the Senate became Secretary.
Now, if we make this appropriation in this
form for the Congressional Globe and publish-
ing the proceedings in the Daily Globe it ties
us down to them and the appropriations can-
not be used in any other way, or for any other
purpose, whatever may bo the condition of
affairs. On the contrary, if wo strike out these
words and substitute others, and simply make
the appropriation for the year for the publica-
cation of our proceedings, if there is a contract
with anybody for publishing the proceedings
that contract will be carried out under the ap-
propriation and the money will be ready. If
there is no contract, we may still go on with
the publishers of the Globe if we see fit, and
if it is ascertained that it is best to do so on an
examination, the money being appropriated,
they may bo employed as usual by a resolution
of either or both Houses passed afterward to
that effect.
The only effect, therefore, of striking out the
words proposed to be stricken out by my friend
from Ohio, and other words in different parts
of the bill to make it conform to that, would be
that the appropriations would stand made to
pay for reporting the proceedings, and if we
choose and if the publishers choose, also, to go
on as usual, if that is considered best on an
examination of the whole subject, the appro-
priations being made they could be used for
the purpose. On the contrary, if we think it
best to have the reports made by a corps of
reporters of our own and printed at the Gov-
ernment Printing Office that can be done. We
can do just as we see fit in relation to that mat-
ter unless there is an existing contract. The
appropriations will all be made in either form.
The simple question is, whether we shall
nait ourselves down by naming the Globe in
such a way that we cannot, whatever may be
the circumstances, dispose of the appropria-
tions thus made in any other manner. That
is the only question at issue really. If we
adopt these appropriations as they came from
the House, we cannot amend them afterward ;
we cannot change whatever may be the con-
dition of affairs. If we strike them out, it
opens the whole matter for the consideration
of the House itself, and for the consideration
of a committee of conference, if there should
be one upon this matter after more informa-
tion has been obtained with reference to the
subject.
I see, therefore, no difficulty that can arise
at all from striking out these words and mak-
ing the other necessary changes, because if we
do so the appropriations are made to pay for
the reports of the proceedings and everything
necessary to be paid for, and those appropria-
tions may be used according to the circum-
stances as they arise. Of course the gentlemen
who publish the Globe would not contract with
us to continno it for less than one Congress
probably; and if they would not there is time
enough to look around and see what can be
done with reference to publishing the proceed-
ings in the Government Printing Office. I
know that the late Superintendent, Mr. De-
frees, stated to me on several occasions that it
could be done at the Government Printing
Office without any dilficulty, and in his judg-
ment by so doing a very considerable sum of
money would bo saved. I am told—1 do not know
how true it is—that the present Superintendent
is of the same opinion. I know nothing of his
opinions, however. I am also told that a large
addition has been made to the Printing Office
lately by which the force has been much in-
creased, and that this work could be done
there. IIow that is I do not know. The Com-
mittee on Printing lias more information on
the subject than 1 have,
I have deemed it my duty to explain this
proposition thus far to the Senate in order
that the Senate may understand what my view
of tho consequences will bo if they choose to
strike out these words, and what they must
necessarily be if they choose to leave them in.
Of course the Senate will do with it as it thinks
wise on the subject-
Mr. ANTHONY. By the original contract,
or at least the contract that existed when I
first became connected with tho public print-
ing, the publishers of tho Globe were entitled
to deliver to eacli new member of Congress
tho back numbers of tho Globe from the begin-
ning of tho publication, and they were also
entitled to the allowance of one cent for every
five pages exceeding three thousand pages for
tho long session and fifteen hundred pages
for tho short session, including the indexes
and laws in the Globe. Congress, however,
failed to make the necessary appropriations to
carry out these two provisions, and at tlie same
time the expense of the publication increased
enormously, and the publisher of the Globe
stated to me and to many other Senators that
it was impossible for him to continue the pub-
lication at the price which Congress paid,
although he was willing to go on with it at
what he always held to be the contract price.
He held that these two provisions for the sup-
plying of the back numbers of the Globe and
the additional compensation when the whole
volume exceeded three thousand pages for the
long session and fifteen hundred for the short,
were part of the original contract; and he also
said that Congress was equitably bound to pay
him the money for the time it had refused to
make the appropriation.
By the act approved July 4, 1864, 'these two
provisions were restored. I thought at the time
that the publishers of the Globe were entitled
to additional compensation. Certainly if any-
thing like a fair price had been paid in the
beginning they were entitled to a very consid-
erable addition, because there was an enormous
increase in the expenses of publication. Paper
was more than double, and has been three times
the original price, and everything else was at
least double. But I did not like that provision
of paying one cent for every five pages, for no
one knew how much it came to. It was a good
deal like tho sum we used to have in Daboll's
Arithmetic about buying a horse and paying
one cent for the first nail in his shoo, two for
the second, and going on in arithmetical or
getfmetrical progression.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does the honorable Sen-
ator know how much that has amounted to in
the past?
Mr. ANTHONY. I think about forty thou-
sand dollars; I am not sure. I think it amounts
to about that. But this act to which I refer
contains in the fourth section this provision:
Provide^, however. That the above provisions are
mado upon the express condition that they may be
abrogated by either Congress or the publishers of the
Congressional Olobe and Appondix at any time after
giving two yoars' notice for that purpose.
I am by no means prepared to say that I
think a more economical arrangement could
be made for the publication of the debates of
Congress than now exists. It was the opinion
of the late, and it is the opinion of the present
Superintendent of Printing that it might be
done more profitably to the Government at the
Government Printing Office. I do not know
whether it could be done more profitably there.
I state that merely upon their judgment, not
upoivninc. Their judgment is better than mine.
I have not given the subject any examination.
I do not think it is wise for Congress to be
bound by this contract to give two years' notice;
and I notice in the bill under consideration that
there is a proviso for giving the notice. It is
on page 9, beginning at lino one liundr^J and
sixty-three:
Provided, That notice is hereby given that at the
close of tho Fortieth Congress the United States will
terminato tho purchaso of one complete set, of tho
Congressional Globe and Appendix for each Sena-
tor, Representative, and Delegate, provided for by
tho act of July 4, 1864.
That only gives notice for the abrogation of
one of the provisions of this act. I do not
know that the act authorizes Che abrogation of
one or the other, and I suppose that whatever
object there is to give notice of tho abrogation
of one provision applies equally to the other.
Therefore the notice had better be general if
it is to be given.
Mr. SHERMAN. If they do not get the
proceedings and reports as a matter of course
that will fall to the ground; they cannot deliver
a copy for each member. That would follow
as a matter of course.
Mr. ANTHONY. But this is for the deliv-
ery of the back numbers. They have them
already printed and on hand. There is also a
provision that requires two years' notice of the
abrogation of tho additional compensation
of one cent for every five pages over three
thousand.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know: but we may
abrogate the whole arrangement by which they
report and publish the proceedings daily, and
as a matter of course there would never be
any volumes published.
Mr. ANTHONY. Have we a right to do
that without giving them two years' notice?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly; there is no
contract. I think the Senator will agree with
me, if he examines the subject, that there is
no contract except continuing the appropria-
tions, as they have been from year to year,
simply by common consent.
Mr. ANTHONY. It would be simply a
question of good faith whether we are not
obliged to do it.
