326
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE,
January 8,
posed by House bill No. 718,to provide increased
revenue from imports, and for other purposes;
which, were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. HENDERSON presented additional
papers in relation to the petition of William N.
Smith, praying for damages for the destruction
of property by Federal'troops in the town of
Glasco w, Missouri ^'which were referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Ohio, praying for the passage of House
bill No..7.18, to provide increased revenue .from
import®, and' for other purposes; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance,
;Mr. PATTERSON presented a. paper to
accompany Senate bill No. 454, for the relief
of the widow of Jacob Harmon; also a paper
to accompany Senate bill No. 476, for the
relief of William A. Hinshaw and Jacob M.
Hinshaw, minor children of Jacob M. Hinshaw,
deceased; and also a paper to accompany
Senate bill No. 455, for the relief of the widow
of Henry Fry; which were referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HOWE presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Wisconsin, praying for the passage of
House bill No. 718, to provide increased
revenue from imports, and for other purposes;
which were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I present a petition of
citizens of Swanton, Vermont, praying that
Congress will refrain from the passage of any
act authorizing the curtailment of the national
currency or having in view the return within a
limited time to specie payments, and setting
forth the reasons therefor. It>is proper that I
should say that I entirely disagree on that sub-
ject with the sentiments of this portion of my
constituents. I move that the petition be
referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to. *
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
William Wells Brown and others, colored citi-
zens of Massachusetts, in which they respect-
fully remonstrate against the admission of
Nebraska as a State, with a constitution which
disfranchises citizens on account of color, and
they proceed to assign reasons therefor. As
the question is now before the Senate, and there
is no opportunity of this petition having the
consideration of a committee, I think I shall
not err if I call the attention of the Senate
especially to the reasons which they assign:
"First. Denial of political rights for the accident of
color is founded on the assumption of the power by a
class or classes to disfranchise a class or classes of
citizens numerically inferior, and this involves the
disfranchisement of all inferior classes by their nu-
merical superiors—a doctrine which is inconsistent
with the fundamental ideas of our Government. _
"Second. Because the experience of tho last sis
years has taught the lesson that political power can
safely bo intrusted only to loyal citizens, and that it
must be equally intrusted to all loyal citizens; and
this same experience has proved that the colored
citizens of tho country have shown more uniform
loyalty than any other class of people.
"Third. Because it is unjust that loyal citizens
should bear the burdens of taxation without reprc-
sentation.
"Fourth. Because tho results of the late elections
show that tho people of the loyal States havereached
the conclusion that political power in the rebel States
shall be intrusted only to loyal citizens, and because
speedy and permanent poaeeful reconstruction of
those States can be effected only by enfranchising the
loyal citizens without distinction of color.
" Fifth. Because the admission of any Stato with a
constitution disfranchising colored citizens wi 11 prove
the entering wedge to the admission of rebel States
with the same prescriptive provision.
"Sixth. Your memorialis-ts appeal to the record of
their own race in this Commonwealth as proof that
they may safely be intrusted with the elective fran-
chise. For generations they have exercised all the
rights of citizenship in this State, and they confidently
claim that 110 portion of this people, as a class, have
better conducted themselves as law-abiding subjects
and as liberty-loving citizens; and until the contrary
is proved by trial, they claim that colored citizens of
other communities will prove equally good citizens if
endowed with the elective franchise. In a democratic
Republic all good citizens are entitled to vote."
They then conclude as follows:
"For the above reasons and many others which
might be added, they earnestly pray that Congress,
in the organization of all new States, will see to it
that all power is derived from the consent of the
governed."
I desire especia.lly.to call attention to one.of
the reasons assigned in this petition why Ne-
braska should not be admitted as a State with a
constitution which disfranchises citizens on ac-
count of color. It is as follows:
"Because the admission of any State with a consti- ■
tution disfranchising colored citizens will prove tho
entering wedge to the admission of rebel States with
the same prosoriptive provision."
I entreat the Senate to consider that princi-
ple. I solemnly ask the Senate to weigh it and
to ponder it before they act finally on the ques-
tion before them. As this question, however,
is now before the Senate, I shall not move the
reference of this petition to any committee, but
ask that it lie upon the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be entered, no objection being made.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred a memorial of
the Winona and St. Peters Railroad Company,
of Minnesota, praying that certain additional
duties on railroad iron imported in 1863 be
refunded, submitted a report accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 494) for the relief of the Winona
and St. Peters. Railroad Company.- The bill
was read and passed to a second reading, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
RETRENCHMENT COMMITTEE EXPENSES.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 151) appropriating
money to defray the expenses of the joint select
committee on retrenchment, to report it back
and recommend its passage, and I ask for its
present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to appropriate $15,000, or so much
of that sum as may be necessary, to defray the
expenses of the joint select committee on re-
trenchment. The money is to be drawn from
the Treasury as required, upon the order of the
Secretary of the Senate ; and money allowed
by the committee to witnesses attending before
it or to persons employed in its service and
paid by the Secretary of the Senate in pursu-
ance of its orders, is to be credited and allowed
by the accounting officers of the Treasury.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 495) authorizing the payment of the re-
wards offered by the President of the United
States and the officers of the War Department
in April and May, 1805, for the capture of
Jefferson Davis; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 490) to establish certain post roads in New
Mexico ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
VIOLATION 0¥ CIVIL RIGHTS BILL.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Presidentbc requested to inform
tho Senate if any violation of the act entitled "An
act to protect all persons in the United States in their
civil rights and furnish the means of their vindica-
tion" have come to his knowledge, and if so what
steps if any have been taken by him to enforco the
law and punish the offenders.
PENSION AGENTS.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 69, which was under consideration
during the morning hour yesterday.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 69) to provide for the payment of pen-
sions, the pending question being ujion the first
amendment reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary to the House amendment, which was
in line eleven of the House amendment to
strike-out the word "January" and insert
"October."
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken,
if I can have the attention of the Senator who
has this bill in charge, I would ask him whether
it would not be well to extend the same prin-
ciple to other officers. The bill confines it to
pension agents; but it seems to me there are
many other offices which are filled by the De-
partments that, under the circumstances of the
hour, it would be well for the Senate to place,
to a certain extent, under the protection of
law. I have not applied my attention par-
ticularly to this bill to see whether it can be
amended in that respect; but I think that, there
are appointments which are made—for instance,
in connection with the custom's and in connec-
tion with marine hospitals—which it would be
well to bring in some way under the protection
of the Senate. Would it not be well, I would
ask the Senator from New Hampshire, to ex-
tend the application of the bill to other officers?
Mr. CRAGIN. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts is mistaken in supposing that I have
special charge of this bill. The pending amend-
ments to it were reported by the Committee on
the Judiciary, the chairman of which commit-
tee is now out of his seat; but I think the
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Lane] has more
information on this subject than I have. I
have a special reason why I desire that this
bill should pass at an early day. I suppose
that the general bill introduced by the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] would cover the
point suggested by my friend from Massachu-
setts.
Mr. LANE. The history of this matter, as
I understand, is this: at the last session of
Congress the Senate passed a bill taking the
appointment of pension agents from the Inte-
rior Department and placing it with the Presi-
dent, subject to the confirmation of the Senate.
That bill failed to be acted upon by the House
of Representatives. At the beginning of the
present session it was passed by the House of
Representatives with the amendment to which
the attention of the Senate is now called. They
propose in that amendment to limit the num-
ber of pension agents so as not to exceed three
in any one State, and also to provide that the
term o&office of those appointed after the 1st
of January, 1866, shall expire within thirty
days after the passage of this act, and that it
shall be the duty of the President at once to
nominate others to fill their places. When the
bill came back to the Senate with this amend-
ment it was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and they have reported an amend-
ment to the House amendment, extending fur-
ther back the time at which the pension agents'
offices shall expire, unless reappointed and
confirmed by the Senate, so as to apply to all
appointed since October 1, 1865. Thai is the
present condition of the bill.
At the last session of the Senate,^ upon a
letter of the Secretary of the Interior, Mr.
Harlan, this subject was referred to the Pen-
sion Committee. They then reported a bill
providing simply that hereafter the appoint-
ment of pension agents should be by the Pres-
ident, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate. Prior to that time the appoint-
ment was exclusively with the Secretary of
the Interior, and there was no limit as to the
number which he might appoint. It was thought
necessary that the nominations to offices which
had grown so important should pass under the
supervision of the Senate. At present there
are forty-nine pension agents, and not exceed-
ing three in any one State. It is the opinion
of the Department that no additional officers
are necessary. This bill restricts the appoint-
ment so as not to exceed three in any one
State.
The history of the appointment of pension
agents is simply this; on the passage of the
act granting pensions to revolutionary soldiers
