1766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
keep up the distinction of race and color, and
to make a discrimination in favor of the black
population and against the white?
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly not. I now
yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Baldwin.]
Mr. BALDWIN. I think this hill ought not
to pass, and if I could have the floor for that
purpose I would move to refer it to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia. Since this
matter first came up in the House I have in-
quired carefully to ascertain whether such an
appropriation is needed, and I have been vis-
ited by many persons profoundly interested in
the welfare of the freedmen, persons who have
been constantly with the freedmen of the Dis-
trict four or five years as teachers, friends, and
helpers. They urge strongly that such an appro-
priation at this time would do more harm than
good, that there is no pressing need of it, and
that for other reasons that j^em to me just it
is not desirable. It would require more time
than can be afforded during these closing hours
of the session to state these reasons fully. They
think the appropriation should not be made,
and my own inquiries have led me to the same
conclusion. Therefore I hope the bill will be
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia or laid on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I was endeavoring to
get the floor before the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Baldwin] spoke ; and I de-
sired to state that persons in authority here
who sympathize with the freedmen and have
been interested in their care have communi-
cated to mo the same opinion in substance
which the gentleman from Massachusetts says
he has received: first, that the necessity for
this appropriation is not very pressing; and
secondly, that its distribution would cause more
dissatisfaction and bickering than the whole
amount would be worth ; that a great number
of those who did not really need it would im-
pose upon those who had the control of it,
while those who would need it most would be
less likely to make known their wants. It
was thought under the circumstances nothing
should be said on the subject. I move that it
be referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
Mr. MAYNAllD. I do not yield for that
purpose. I now yield to the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Hart.]
Mr. HART. I am satisfied that this bill
ought not to pass. While we may imagine
we are doing a great deal of good for the freed-
men we may be doing them a great deal of
harm. I am informed by a gentleman from
the South that labor is every day becoming
scarcer there. He hnd work to do, but he
could not find men to do it. There was plenty
of employment for this labor in the South, but
there was not enough of labor there to do it
all. I know men who have come here for
the purpose of obtaining labor, offering every
inducement for it, and yet they could not in-
duce one to go South, because there was an
impression among the freedtneu that the Gov-
ernment was going to feed and take care of
them. I move that the bill bo laid on the
table.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not yield for that
motion. I now yield to the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Hotchkiss.]
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Our legislation on the
subject of reconstruction has been based on the
assertion that the blacks were to be treated
precisely like the whites at the South. We
were told that they were to be protected by the
Government of the United States. We were
told that their lives would be endangered if
they went there. We were told that the loyal
colored people of the South were compelled
to fly from all sorts of outrages perpetrated on
them there. We published all of this to the
world. We are now asked to say that these
colored people are at fault because they have
not rushed into this danger. When they had
gathered here from oppression at the South,
because of their loyalty to the Government,
we doled out to them a small pittance to savo
them from starvation, and Radicals were de-
nounced before the people for their friendship
to the colored race. Now this Congress I
hope will not disgrace itself by declaring that
all we have heretofore done in this matter was
wrong; that these colored people were entirely .
at fault, and all that has been said against u3
was true. I hope, sir, this Congress will not
disgrace itself by indorsing such a scandal.
I hope it will not be done by the men who told
us if we consulted the families of those who
had gone among these colored people to alle-
viate their sufferings we would find out the
truth; I hope they, at least, will not indorse
this scandal.
Mr. PRICE. I think the gentleman and
the House are making too much noise for a
Sunday morning. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I will say, in reply to
my colleague, that it was not the purpose of f
this committee to exercise a general authority 1
over these people. The object was to provide
for certain persons represented to be here
temporarily* who were not a proper charge
upon the people of this District. If this reso-
lution means anything, it means that and noth-
ing more. The framers of the resolution con-
templated nothing more than that.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that tho Senate adhered to its forty-fourth
amendment to the legislative, &c., appropria-
tion bill.
relief of destitute colored people.
Mr. HART. I move to lay the resolution
and pending amendments on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to know if we did
not appropriate, under a previous resolution,
$25,000 for the poor of this District.
Mr. MAYNARD. We did at the last session.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. There was such a prop-
osition before the House at this session.
The question was put on the motion to lay
the joint resolution and pending amendments
on the table, and there were—ayes 81, noes 19.
Mr. JULIAN demanded the yeas and nays,
but they were refused—ayes nine.
So the joint resolution was laid on the table.
legislative etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. LE BLOND submitted the following
privileged report:
The committee of conference on tho disagreeing
votes of tho two Houses on Senate amendment num-
ber fonrty-four to House bill No. 89(5. making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year ending June
30,1863, having met after full and free conforenee havo
been unablo to agree.
F. C. LE BLOND.
THEODORE M. POMKROY,
WILLIAM B. ALLISON*.
Managers on the part nt the House.
GEORGE F. EDMl'ND?,
JOHN coxxkss.
C. K. BUCKALEW,
Managers on the i>art of the Senate.
The report of the committee was accepted
and the committee discharged.
Mr. SCOFIELD. In what condition is this
bill now ?
The SPEAKER. It is before the House.
Mr. LE BLOND. I wish to make a simple
statement of what I understand to be the differ-
ence between the two Houses, and will then
leave the subject to the action of the House to
make such further disposition of it as it may
see proper. I will premise by saying that I am
satisfied that unless the House recedes from its
proposition the bill will fail, for the Senate
evidently is determined not to yield.
I understand the difference to be this: dur-
ing the first session of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, by sundry resolutions introduced into
the House, certain of its clerks and employes
were given additional pay, while other clerks
and employes were omitted. These persons
who were embraced in the resolutions went to
the Secretary of the Treasury for the purpose
of drawing their increased compensation, but
were told by the Auditor that no payments
could be made on the House resolution alone,
that it required the joint action of both branches
of Congress. So when we came to make pro-
vision to meet these contingencies we very
properly put it in the appropriation bill of last
session. Thereupon a difficulty at once arose
between the two Houses, and it was finally re-
ferred to a committee of conference at the
close of the last session. In that committee
of conference it was agreed on the part of the
conferees of both Houses that there should be
paid to all the clerks and employes of the
House twenty per cent, additional compensa-
tion. With that understanding the bill was
passed. Under the resolutions that passed
the House some of the clerks and employes
would receive thirty, forty, and sixty per cent,
increase, and the question of difference now is
whether they shall have the increased compen-
sation that was fixed by the resolutions before
the committee of conference was appointed at
the close of the last session. The Senate
takes the position that the agreement of the
committee of conference at the close of last
session was in lieu of the House resolutions,
and from that position it will not recede.
I have thus stated what I understand to be
the difference between the two Houses. The
matter now rests with the House to take such
action as it sees fit.
Mr. MORRILL. I should be very sorry to
have this bill lost in consequence of what I
consider an untenable position on the part of
the House. It was clearly transcending the
positive enactment to which the House itself
had agreed, and therefore I hope the House
will not allow this bill to be lost upon this very
small point. I therefore move that we concur
with the Senate and recede from our disagree-
ment, and on that I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and tho
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
[ tion thereof the motion to recede was agreed
j to—ayes 08, noes o4.
! The SPEAKER. The House having receded
j the bill is passed.
I Mr. MO RRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the House receded ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESS \GK FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Founey,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the twe
Houses on the bill making appropriations for
certain civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 18ii8.
W. II. IIARMAN.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 508, for the relief of W.
H. Harman ; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to remit and release to the
petitioner the internal revenue tax on live hun-
dred and six gallons of whisky of his manufac-
ture, the same having been destroyed bv fire
before removal from his distillery and before
the sale of the same.
Mr. HUBBARD, of We.-t Virginia The
attention of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means has been drawn to this bill
and be makes no objection to it. I have a
letter from the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue recommending the parage of the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I raise the point of
order that this is an appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. It is not an appropriation
hill; it is to remit and release a certain tax.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I send
the letter to the Clerk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
Office Intern \l Revenue.^
Washington, February 12, 1^'iT.
'My Dear Sir: I herewith return the memorial of
Mr. llarman for relief tr"ni 11, nitero.il revenu" t.ix.
which memorial I should have p^ed to jou in pei-
