1867.
mm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S27
those persons were paid and disbursed by the
War Department, and they appointed generally
bank officers without compensation, supposihg
that the use of the funds m the interim would
pay them for their trouble in the disbursements;
but when pensions Tjrere increased growing out
of the Mexican war and the Interior Depart-
ment was established, the payment of pensions
was given to the Interior Department and pen-
sion agents were appointed whose salary was
limited by the regulations of that Department.
In 1862 a law was passed making the maximum
payment $2,000. Afterward another law was
passed making the maximum $4,000, but still
leaving the appointment unrestricted in the
hands of the Secretary of the Interior. We
thought at the last session, and I think now,
that officers so important should pass the super-
vision of the Senate, and the Senate with great
unanimity passed the bill, but it failed, as I
before remarked, to be acted upon by the House
of Representatives. They send it here now,
with certain amendments, and those amend-
ments have been submitted to the Judiciary
Committee, and they report a bill which I think
perfectly proper in all its terms.
The addition made by their amendments,
the only important addition, is, that the terms
of officers appointed after a certain date shall
expire within thirty days from the passage of
this law; and as I desire to deceive no man,
and I will do nothing by indirection which I
will not do directly, I will state my object at
least in voting for these amendments. Honest,
faithful, and competent men, simply because
they have stood by the policy of Congress and
refused to bow to executive dictation, have
been removed. We propose now that the
offices of the recently appointed officers put
in their places shall expire within thirty days
from the passage of this bill; and Congress
surely has a perfect right to limit the number
of officers, to fix the duration of their office,
and the compensation for that office: and I
propose to do just that by this amendment, no
more and no less, so that the men who have
received their reward from the President shall
not have the sanction of the Congress of the
United States, at least for any such arrange-
ment or agreement. I doubt not in many in-
stances worthy men have been appointed to
these vacancies; but they have displaced men
equally honest, equally competent, and equally
worthy, and for no other cause than simply the
fact that they have been Republicans and Onion
men, and have opposed the policy of the Pres-
ident. I propose by this amendment to vacate
those offices after thirty days, and that the
President shall nominate to the Senate others
in their place, and that the Senate shall pass
upon them. This, is as I understand, the object
and scope of the bill and the amendments.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not sure that my
friend from Indiana will accomplish his pur-
pose if the bill shall pass in the shape in which
it is now upon our table. Why the President
has dismissed those persons who formerly held
these situations and appointed others is a mat-
ter of which I know nothing. I take it for
granted he has appointed competent men, for
I have not heard that there was any charge of
incompetency for the duties of the office on
the part of anybody. But the House amend-
ment, if I heard it correctly read at the desk,
provides that the persons who are in office are
to remain in office until their successors are
appointed.
Mr. LANE. The Senator will pardon me
one moment. That is the very thing that the
Judiciary Committee have proposed to strike
out. That is the amendment that I favor.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then the object will not
be accomplished, because the President can
nominate the same men.
Mr. LANE. But we can pass upon them.
Mr. JOHNSON. We can pass upon them,
and he will continue to nominate. It is not
the question what the President should do. I
have a very decided opinion upon that question
myself; but that is not before us now. We
are not now considering what the President
should do in the case of an appointment of his
during the reeess, which, upon its being pre-
sented to the Senate by a nomination, has been
rejected by the Senate, and he has reappointed
the same man after the Senate has adjourned.
As the law stood at the time these appoint-
ments were made, and as it stands no'w, the
President had a right to appoint these officers,
or the Secretary of the Interior had, which is
the same thing, for be acts under the advice
of the President, without consulting the Sen-
ate at all. This is not, therefore, such a case
as my friend from Ohio [Mr. Shermax] would
seem to suppose from a side remark he
dropped to me; but it is a very different case.
The only question here is whether the men
who are in office now shall go out of office at
the expiration of a certain number of days after
the passage of this bill. As I sg.id before, I do
not see that that object will be accomplished,
because the President can appoint them again.
We can reject them, of course, but he can go
on appointing, and we go on rejecting, and the
office in the mean time will not be filled. My
own impression is, and it was under that im-
pression that I voted for the original bill when
it passed the Senate, that these appointments
should be made with the consent of the Sen-
ate. They are now much more important than
they ever were before. The officers are in-
trusted with a large amount of money, and
their competency, therefore, is a question
upon which I think the Senate should have the
authority topass.
Mr. SHERMAN'. If I understand the pur-
pose of the bill, it is simply to carry out the
idea expressed by the Senator from Maryland.
As these pension agents have now become
very important, as they disburse something
like twenty-five million instead of one or two
million a year, it is proper that their nomina-
tion should be communicated to the Senate
and passed upon by the Senate. They are no
longer "inferior officers" in the sense of the
Constitution, but they are important officers,
their disbursements being equal to the entire
expenses of the Government thirty years ago.
The main object of the bill, therefore, is clearly
right — to require the nominations of these
officers to be sent here. But the object of the
Senator from Indiana is to have the existing
officers legislated out of office at the expiration
of thirty days, so that their names or those of
their successors may be sent to the Senate for
confirmation. I think that is perfectly proper.
While the Senator from Maryland was speak-
ing, I made a remark to him to which he al-
luded. It was, that if the President would still
insist upon appointing men whom the Senate
had rejected, 1 would make the contest with
him on that point. Sir, I say that if the Pres-
ident of the United States seeks to overthrow
the authority of the Senate, clearly conferred
upon it by the Constitution of the United
States, I would make the point upon him. I
introduced in the early part of this session a
bill, which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and which I hope will be acted
on, to make it a criminal offense to seek thus
to violate the Constitution of the United States
and to override the judgment of the Senate.
The Senate have the same constitutional power
to pass upon nominations that the President has
to make them. If the President can ignore and
repudiate the deliberate judgment of the Sen-
ate, it is better to change the Constitution at
once and give him the sole appointing power.
If he seeks a contest or a point of that kind I
am perfectly willing to accept it.
Vi hen the President makes a nomination to
the Senate he has exhausted his power: and
when the Senate reject that nomination there
is an end t<^that appointment; and he cannot,
after the close of the session, renominate that
person to the same office without violating the
spirit of the Constitution and in a measure vio-
lating his oath of office. And, in considering a
question of this kind in the case of a conflict
between the Senate of the United States and
the President of the United States, I will not
regard the opinion of the Attorney General or
any other officer. We are to pass upon it our-
selves, as we have the constitutional right to
do. That is all I desire to say.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose nothing that I
said could have induced the honorable mem-
ber from Ohio to think that I concurred in the
propriety of reappointing a person whom the
Senate had rejected. I said that I had a very
decided opinion upon that question, and that
is, that it is an abuse of the power of the Presi-
dent. Whether he has the power is a matter
about which, until lately, there has been no
doubt, because not only one Attorney General,
but all the Attorneys General to whom the
questions have been submitted, and all the Pres-
idents since the days of Washington, have con-
curred in the doctrine that the President is at
liberty to reappoint one who has been rejected
by the Senate. My own opinion is, irrespect-
ive of that construction of the Constitution,
that the Constitution warrants no such thing;
and I am perfectly willing to go as far as the
Senator from Ohio, if it can be accomplished
by legislation, to legislate upon that subject so
as to prevent what, in my judgment, is an
abuse of the power if the power exists. But
that is not the question here, for the reason I
stated just now. The President is under no
obligation to consult the Senate on these
appointments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question on the proposed
-amendment to the amendment ?
Mr. HOWE. I was going to suggest, in ac-
cordance with the opinions of several Senators
with whom I have conferred, that July would
be a better time to introduce there than Octo-
ber ; but I suppose the action of the Senate is
confined now to either accepting or rejecting
that specific word, is it not ? Would it be in
order to move now to amend that proposition ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks not. It is an amendment to an amend-
ment.
Mr. HOWE. I supposed so. I think we
had better not agree to that amendment, and I
will then move to amend by inserting "July"
instead of "January."
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The deci-
sion just announced was hasty, inadvertent.
The Chair is of opinion that under the rule the
amendment of the House becomes a part of
the text of the bill, and being a part of the text
of the bill an amendment to it stands upon the
same ground as an amendment to an ordinary
bill, which is susceptible of an amendment to
it as an amendment; so that the motion of the
Senator from Wisconsin, if he chooses to make
it, will be in order.
Mr. HOWE. Very well, sir. I move then
to amend tluy-amendment by inserting "July"
instead ofOctober."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Wisconsin to the amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shouldlike to have it
stated what is the effect a# that amendment to
the amendment, or have the amendment read
as it will stand if amended.
The Secretary. The amendment, if amend-
ed as proposed, will read as follows:
.inrf provided further. That the term of office of all
pension agents appointed since the 1st day of July,
A. !X 18o5, shall expire afc tho end of thirty days
from the passage of this act.
Mr. SUMNER. Is the pending question on
adopting the whole amendment as it comes
from the House?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is only
on the question of striking out the word " Oc-
tober" and inserting ''July" at the present
time.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am indifferent what
day shall be fixed; but now that the purpose
of this amendment has been so explicitly stated
by my colleague, I suppose every Senator un-
derstands exactly what he is voting upon. It
is the naked proposition of legislating men out
of offices—offices to which they have been
appointed according to law. Where party
