1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1091
Mr. SHERMAN. I know; but after that
goes, there never would be any publication of
more than three thousand pages. As a mat-
ter of course that would fall with the abroga-
tion of the original contract, the main con-
tract.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Government is
not bound by the contract there is no need
of giving the notice at all; but if any notice
i£ to be given, I think it had better be given
generally.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator does not yet
understand me. If we continue the publica-
tion of the books and if they exceed three
thousand pages then undoubtedly we shall have
to give them notice if we wish to get rid of the
payment of the excess to them ; but, as a mat-
ter of course, if we do not allow them to report
the proceedings and they do not publish a vol-
ume they cannot publish more than three thou-
sand pages; neither can they give the extra
copies. If we dispense with the old contract—■
the original contract—it is not necessary to
dispense with the particular clause which de-
pends upon the main contract.
Mr. ANTHONY. I can see no objection to
the amendments proposed to this appropria-
tion ; and here I will say that I wish the appro-
priations for publishing tho debates of Con-
gress were all in one clause, and not scattered
over seven or eight pages. The effect of the
amendment is, I understand, to leave it op-
tional how the money shall be spent, but sub-
ject, of course, to any contracts we may have
made, if we have made any, to publish the
proceedings in the Globe, when I say this I
do not mean to say I would advise it to be
taken from the Globe by any means; but I do
not think that Congress ought to be bound, or
that anything should imply that the faith gf
Congress was bound, to gives two years' notice
before the arrangement should be terminated.
I_ think we ought to bo free from that on both
sides. After this motion is disposed of, if it is
thought advisable to have any proviso at all, I
would suggest that it should be in this lan-
guage:
That the notice required by the fourth section of
the act entitled "An act to pay. in part, for publish-
ing the debates of Congress, and for other purposes,"
approved July 4,1861, is hereby given that Congress
will in two years abrogate the provisions of said act.
But if in the opinion of legal gentlemen there
is no contract to be abrogated, I do not know
that it is necessary to put in that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think you had better
substitute that for the other proviso; but this
other motion is pending now.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have mentioned it that
I shall offer this when the present amendment
is disposed of.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am opposed to the
amendment, because I am a friend of tho Globe.
For a great number of years the proceedings
of Congress have been very satisfactorily pub-
lished. No man, I believe, has ever com-
plained of the manner in which the proceed-
ings of Congress have been published there.
The contract under which this publication has
taken place, or rather the arrangement, was
made many years ago, as I understand. The
price was fixed a great number of years ago,
and has not been increased except as tho legis-
lation of 1864 has had an effect upon that.
Now, when a work is well done and at a rea-
sonable rate, a rate that has been agreed to for
so many years, I do not see the necessity of
disturbing it.
In 1864 it was found to be impossible for the
publishers of the Globe to go on with the work.
Congress had declined to take the full sets of
the Globe, as had been the custom when the
arrangement was. first made, and for a great
number of years thereafter ; and the pay did
not compensate in view of the greatly increased
cost of the publication. Paper and labor had
both gone up in price so much that in 1864 the
Globe was losing large sums of money. Con-
gress felt the propriety of giving relief to the
establishment, and it was done in the act of
July 4, 1864. That act provided that thereaf-
ter the members of Congress coming in should
receive full sets of the Globe. That was the
first provision, and it was a very important
provision, for their relief.
The next was that if at the short session the
Congressional Globe should exceed fifteen hun-
dred pages, or at the long session should ex-
ceed three thousand pages, then the pay for
that increased amount of printed matter should
be the same as for the three thousand or fifteen
hundred pages, to wit: one cent for five pages.
Then in the last section of the act it was pro-
vided :
" That the above provisions are made upon the
express condition that they may be abrogated by
eithor Congress or the publishers of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix at any timo aftor giving two
years' notice lor that purpose."
I understand the Senator from Ohio to ex-
press the opinion that we can discontinue the
publication by the Globe office without notice.
I am not able to see how he comes to that
opinion. He says we can discontinue every-
thing except the pay provided for in the second
section and the back numbers of the Globe,
and if we discontinue that, of course they can-
not publish more than fifteen hundred pages
at the short, or more than three thousand at
the long session, and therefore you do indi-
rectly that which you cannot do directly.
I do not think that will quite do. I will ask
the Senator, or any other Senator, whether
the publishers of the Globe can discontinue
the publication without giving Congress two
years' notice?
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Indiana
is a lawyer, and I will put to him a question
which I think will settle it. Suppose I am his
tenant from year to year; tenantries that arc
made from year to year by the custom of the
country expire on the 1st of April; suppose
while the tenancy is going on I make a bargain
with him that I shall have firewood in his woods,
and that he shall not deprive me of that firewood
unless ho gives me six months' notice; suppose
the tenancy should terminate and the whole of
tho subsequent arrangement was made on the
basis of the existing tenancy; I ask whether
the right to get firewood would be continued, or
whether he would have to give notice ? That
is precisely this ease reduced to an ordinary
case in court.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the contract in re-
gard to the wood entered into and became
a part of the contract under which the man
held his term you could not discontinue the
term for the purpose of disturbing his rights
under the subsequent contract. But 1 will ask
the Senator a question which I think is more
analogous. Suppose the term is held at a fixed
rent, and then the parties agree for an addi-
tional rent, and it is agreed that that rent shall
not be disturbed except there be a notice of
two years by either party: can you affect that
increased reut by putting an end to the term
otherwise than by the notice required in the
subsequent contract?
Mr. SHERM AN. That is not this ease. Mr.
Rives himself in his very claim admitted, and
always claimed, that this was only a provision
from time to timo ; and it was modified and
changed to suit his convenience ; and his claim
was made at the time on the ground that he
was not bound to publish tho Globe ; and he
gave us fair notice that he would discontinue
the publication of the Globe, he himself claim-
ing tho right to discontinue, and he said the
only way he could continue it was by the Gov-
ernment giving him additional compensation.
That did not vary the original contract by
which each party had a right to discontinue it;
nor do 1 think Mr. Rives ever claimed it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know what
was the original understanding, for I have not
examined all' the statutes on the subject, nor
any correspondence, nor is it important for
the purpose of my present argument to go
back of the act of 1804. This is the case:
Congress paid a fixed price, but that price ivas
limited by the number of pages. It only paid
for three thousand pages at the long session
and fifteen hundred pages at the short session.
Then Congress said, "That compensation shall
be changed thus: the pay shall extend to all
the pages; it shall not be limited to three thou-
sand ; it shall not be_ limited to fifteen hun-
dred ; but Congress will pay for all the pages
printed at that rate;" and in that very act
Congress said it should not be discontinued
except upon two years' notice.
As a question of law, in my judgment, there
is no question about it, because this change of
compensation changed the whole contract; it
entered into the whole. The Riveses could not
continue the Globe; Congress said to them,
" Continue it and we will pay you, not for three
thousand pages alone, not for fifteen hundred
pages alone, but we will pay you for all the
pages you publish, and the compensation shall
be at this fixed rate." In other words, Con-
gress said in 1864 to the publishers of the
Globe, "Go on and publish it and we will pay
you at the rate of one cent for every five pages
exceeding three thousand." The effect of it
was to say, "We will pay you one cent for every
five pages that you may publish of the proceed-
ings of Congress."
Mr. SHERMAN. Exceeding three thou-
sand and fifteen hundred pages.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly; that is what
it is; but that is the same rate ; that is the old
rate; that is no change of rates. It said, "Go
on, and you shall have pay for all." Here is
the compensation fixed in 1804, one cent for
live pages for all the pages published.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is mistaken.
For the first three thousand pages, they do not
get any pay at all in that way. They are paid
in a different way.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was not aware of
that.
Mr. SHERMAN. Tho first three thousand
pages arc paid for by the subscriptions to the
Globe. Formerly the Globe did not exceed
three thousand pages; but finally it became
more bulky, and then this additional compen-
sation was given some years ago. Sometimes
Congress discontinued it, and sometimes con-
tinued it, according to the exigencies of the
case.
Mr. HENDRICKS. So I understand. Prior
to the passage of this law of 1864 I do not
claim there was any notice to be given, and I
suppose none was requisite, except that good
faith that ought to be kept with a large estab-
lishment, where money is invested with a view
of carrying on a work, where type is purchased,
paper purchased, hands hired, and all that.
There is good faith that we should not arbi-
trarily stop the arrangement to the loss of the
men who are engaged in the business.
But, sir, when this law of 1864 was passed, tho
Government, as I think, became bound by the
arrangement being a change of compensation,
became bound for two years. I have no doubt
about it. That was tho purpose of it. Can the
publishers discontinue it short of two years?
Can they say, " We will not publish it" unless
they give Congress two years' notice? Clearly
not, under this proviso. I suppose it became
binding as a contract upon them as soon as
they published anything and received any com-
pensation under the law. It became a con-
tract binding upon them if they accepted it by
any act of theirs. Then they cannot discon-
tinue the publication except they give us two
years' notice. Can we then say, under tho same
proviso, that wo will discontinue it arbitrarily
without giving them this notice ? What is the
object of the notice ? That they shall not be
going on upon uncertainties, but that they shall
know when they purchase type and paper and
employ hands that this thing will continue as
much as two years at least.
I do not know what are the influences that
bring about this proposed change. I am not
going to discuss that. I have heard a great
deal about it. This is a work that is done for
this Government honestly. It is one of the
establishments that has acted honestly with
this Government. John C. Rives, in my judg-
ment—I knew him well—never took a dollar
from this Government that was not clearly
according to the law and the arrangement with
