1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1767
son, as I promised you, if the crowd of people in the
office would allow mo to leave it.
The tax, as appears by the papers, is unquestion-
ably imposed by law. It comprised, however, so
largo a palt of the value of the whisky destroyed
that its payment since the destruction of the whisky
seems very burdensome upon the tax-payer. Ho
cannot recovcr the amount from a consumer, as is
contemplated in the ordinary payment of an excise
tax.
The only objection I have seen to the relief of Mr.
Itiirman has been the precedent which such relief
would establish. I cannot recall, however, and upon
carcful inquiry through the office do not learn of
more than two or three such applications during the
last six or eight months, and I am therefore con-
strained to believe that it would not be imprudent to
prant the prayer of the memorial. Your judgment
m this matter, however, is better than my own.
Very respectfully,
E. A. ROLLINS, Commissioner.
Hon. P. Y. Van Winkle, United States Senate* Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I yield
to the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no personal objec-
tion to this bill. The only objection that can
be raised to it is that it would set a precedent.
If we remit the duties on one article that is
burned, it seems to me we will have an end-
less amount of business, for every stock of
goods that may be consumed hereafter by fire,
no matter of what description, if it has paid
the tax would have as just a claim upon Con-
gress for refunding the duties as this. I think
this Congress will find itself with a very large
amount of business on its hands if it sets an
example of this kind.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. It is
well known that the tax on this kind of manu-
facture is different from that on any other. It
is levied immediately upon the manufactured
article before it is put on the market for sale,
while on other articles the assessment is made
upon the sale after it has passed from the hands
of the manufacturer at the end of each month ;
so that the loss from fire in the latter case
necessarily comes out of the consumer, while
in the case of the manufactures of whisky it
comes out of the manufacturer who has it on
hand. In this case the loss was occasioned by
an incendiary.
Mr. MORRILL. Were these spirits in
bond?
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. They
were not.
Mr. MORRILL. If they had been in bond
I would make no objection to the claim.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. It was
in the eighth district of Virginia, where there
was no bonded warehouse.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Had the tax been
paid?
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. It had
not.
Mr. DAVIS. How much had been made in
the distillery on which no tax was ever paid?
[Laughter.]
Mr. PRICE. The point in this case is, as I
understand it, that this man has paid a tax on
something that has subsequently been de-
stroyed.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. He was
simply assessed.
Mr. PRICE. Well, he has become liable
for the payment, and he seeks to avoid it. Now,
if this principle is carried out, just see where it
will lead. An assessor assesses a party; the
tax is not due perhaps for six months. In the
meantime a fire occurs, and the party says :
" My warehouse has been burned and I have
lost my property.''
But, sir, I find it difficult to make myself
heard amid this hurly-burly. If Demosthenes
had lived in this day he neverwouldhavegone
to the borders of the sea to become an orator.
He would have found a better place to practice
here. [Laughter.]
Mr. HUBBARD, of West'Virginia.I decline
to yield further, and demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
The question being put: there were—ayes
50, noes 48.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I de-
mand tellers.
Mr. PHELPS. Was this property insured?
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. It was
not.
Tellers were ordered ; and the Chair ap-
pointed Mr. Hubbard, of West Virginia, and
Mr. Allison.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 55, noes 49.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. WRIGHT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid on the table ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. VAN AERNAM submitted the follow-
ing report from a committee of conference:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. R. No. 1173) making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30,1868, having met, after full and free
conference, havo agreed to recommend, and do re-
commend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
amendments of the Senate numbered twelve, sixteen,
seventeen, twenty-two, thirty-two, thirty-nine, forty-
five, forty-six, torty-scven, forty-eight, forty-nine,
and fifty-two, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbored six, eighteen, nineteen, forty-one, and
fifty-three.
That the Senate recede from their thirty-fifth
amendment, and agree to said clause, with an amend-
ment as follows: Strikeout "twenty-five hundred"
and insert in lieu thereof "ono thousand," and the
House agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their forty-second
amendment, and agree to said clause, with an amend-
ment as follows: On page 18, line twelve of the bill,
after the word "mutes" insert the words "not exceed-
ing ten innumbcr," andthe Houseagreeto the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the forty-third amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same, with an amendment as follows: Strike
out all of said amendment, and insert in lieu thereof
the following:
And be it further enacted. That tho office of Com-
missioner of Public Buildings is hereby abolished,
and tho Chief Engineer of tho Army shall perform
all the duties now required by law of said Commis-
sioner, and shall also havo the superintendence of
the Washington aqueduct and all the public works
and improvements of the Government of tho United
States in the District of Columbia, unless otherwise
provided by law. And tho Sergeant-at-Arins of the
Senate and tho Serjeant-at-Arms of the House of
Representatives shall hereafter appoint tho members
of the Capitol polico.
And the Senate agree to tho same.
That the Senate agree to the amendment of thp
House to the twontieth amendment of the Senate.
That the Senate agree to tho amendment of the
IIouso to the fifty-sixth amendment of the Senate,
with an amendment as follows: Strike out all of said
House amendment, and insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing:
Provided, That all printing of any kind whatever
by tho Executive Departments shall be executed by
the Government Printer whero practicable, and if
not, at such office as may bo designated by the Clerk
of tho House of Representatives, at rates not exceed-
ing the curront rates for such printing.
And the House agree to the samo.
TIIADDEUS STEVENS,
H. VAN AERNAM,
Managers on the part of the House.
JOHN SHERMAN,
IRA HARRIS,
J. W. NESJIITII.
Manager* on the part of the Senate.
Tho report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the report was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would inquire of the
Chair if, in his opinion, the public business is
so far advanced that the House may now safely
take a recess until this evening?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer the
inquiry of the gentleman, in order that the
House may understand tl^ condition of the
public business at this time. As the Chair
understands, all the important appropriation
bills are now passed, except the naval appro-
priation bill, upon which a conference commit-
tee has been ordered. That conference com-
mittee the Chair understands has not yet had
a session.
Mr. KASSON. I think that in the course
of thirty minutes that committee will be ready
to submit its report to the House.
The SPEAKER. There is also a committee
of conference on the fortification appropriation
bill, who have not yet reported. The Senate,
as the Chair is informed, are now engaged in
acting on the deficiency appropriation bill, on
which there will probably be required a com-
mittee of conference.
The Chair thinks that after the report of the
committee of conference on the naval appro-
priation bill has been made and acted upon,
a recess can be taken until this evening; al-
though there will have to be some legislation
this evening in order to complete the public
business.
Mr. DELANO. In the mean time I hope
the House will proceed with the consideration
of business on the Speaker's table.
FRANK PUGSLEY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 499) entitled "An act for
the relief of Frank Pugsley, late a private
soldier in company I, of the third regiment of
New Hampshire volunteers; which was read
the first and second time.
Mr. PATTERSON. I hope that this bill
will be put on its passage.
The bill, which was read, provides that in
the final settlement of the accounts of Frank
Pugsley, as a private soldier in company I, of
the third regiment of New Hampshire volun-
teers, the accounting officers of the Treasury
shall regard the date of his discharge from the
service of the United States as of the 24th day
of October, 1862, and compute his pay and
allowances as such soldier to that time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not desire to make
any opposition to this bill. I wish, however,
to remark briefly in connection with it, that
there has grown up, so far as the Senate is
concerned, a very bad practice of not sending
to this House the papers which should properly
accompany their bills, and which explain the
facts. In former years, whenever a bill went
from one House to the other, the papers tend-
ing to show the character of the case were
always sent along with it. I know nothing
about this bill except what appears upon its
face, and I shall make no objection to it. In
the regular course of procedure it should be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs;
but at this period of the session such a refer-
ence would be equivalent to the loss of the
bill. I shall not, therefore, submit a motion
to that effect.
Mr. PERIIAM. Is there any report in the
case ?
The SPEAKER. The report does not ac-
company the bill, though it is probably in the
document room, as it appears to have been
ordered to be printed.
The biil was ordered to a third reading,
and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. PATTERSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RELIEF OF "WEST VIRGINIA SOLDIERS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the joint resolution (S. R. Xo. 167) for the
relief of certain enlisted men of the seventh
regiment West Virginia volunteers ; which was
read the first and second time.
Mr. SCHEXCK. This bill is all right, and
I hope it will be passed.
The joint resolution, which was read at
length, provides that the Secretary of War be
directed to cause to bepaid to William T. Con-
nelt, John Keplinger, and Isaac Conrad, full
pay and allowances as private soldiers from
August 17, 1861, to January 0, 1863. on pre-
sentation of satisfactory proof that they were
duly enlisted in the seventh regiment W est
Virginia volunteers as such, and that their
muster into service was prevented by their
capture and detention as prisoners of war, from
