1768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1.
March 2,
September 7, 1861, to the date embraced by
this resolution.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ACCOUNTS OF DISBURSING OFFICERS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the joint resolution (S. R. No. 173) to
facilitate the settlement of disbursing officers;
which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution, which was read at
length, provides that so much of the act to
provide for the more prompt settlement of the
accounts of disbursing officers, approved July
17, 1862, as provides that such accounts, with
the vouchers necessary to the correct and
prompt settlement thereof, shall be rendered
directly to the proper accounting officers of
tlte Treasury, be repealed, and that all such
accounts and vouchers shall hereafter be sent
to the bureau to which they pertain, and after
examination there shall be passed to the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury for settle-
ment.
Mr. DAWSON. I move to amend the bill
by adding the following additional section:
And be it further enacted. That the provisions of
the fourth section of an act to regulate the fees,
costs, and other judicial expenses of the Government
in the States, Territories, and District of Columbia,
and for other purposes, approved August 16,1856, be,
and the same are hereby, extended to costs arising
under and since the date of the approval of an act to
regulate the fees and costs to bo allowed clerks, mar-
shals, and attorneys of the circuit and district courts
of the Uuited States, and for other purposes, approved
February 26,1853.
The supplementary act referred to in this
amendment, which was passed in 1856, pro-
vides in the fourth section that "in all the
cases before mentioned an appeal shall befrom
the decision of the accounting officers to the
Secretary of the Interior." In the adjustment
of these accounts it has been found that the
supplement did not extend back to cover cases
which were included in the original law. The
object of the amendment is to extend the fourth
section of the act to include all cases covered
by the act of 1853, which was the original act
regulating these ipatters. It has been sub-
mitted to the chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary and fully meets his approval.
Mr. ALLEY. I move the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
That the paragraph of section five of an act enti-
tled "An act to increase duties on imports and for
other purposes,'' approved June 30,1864. as follows,
to wit: ' On lastings, mohair cloth, silk twist, or
other manufactured cloth, woven or made in pat-
terns of such size, shape, and form, or cut in such
manner as to be fit for shoes, slippers, boots, bootees,
faiters, and buttons exclusively, not combined with
ndia-rubber, ten percent, ad valorem," be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think that amendment
should bemadetoread '"everlasting." [Great
laughter.]
Mr. THAYER. I make the point that the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. ALLEY. I should like to have two
minutes to explain it.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. UPSON. I ask the gentleman to re-
serve his amendment to a more appropriate
Mr. ALLEY. I hfive heen trying to get it
in, but it has heretofore always been cut off.
It has been reported by the appropriate com-
mittees of the Senate and House twice. It
meets with their approval now. It will save a
quarter of a million cfollars every year. If
the House will permit me I will explain its
practical operations. The tariff we passed
twenty years ago provided that lastings, mo-
hair cloths, &c 
Mr. HIGBY. I object to debate.
Mr. ALLEY. I withdraw my amendment
for the present, as gentlemen tell me they will
adopt it as a separate bill.
Mr. POME HOY. I offer the following
amendment:
And be it further enacted. That froftl and after the
passage of this act, machinery for the manufacture
of beet sugar imported for that purpose solely shall
be exempt from duty.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
AMENDMENT OF THE TARIFF.
Mr. ALLEY. I again ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a joint resolution to amend
section five of an act entitled "An act to in-
crease duties on imports, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 20, 1864.
The joint resolution was as follows :
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That the paragraph of section five of an
act entitled "An act to increase duties on imports,
and for other purposes," approved June 30,1864, as
follows, to wit: "On lastings, mohair cloth, silk twist,
or other manufactured cloth, woven or made in pat-
terns of such size, shape, and form, or cut in such
manner as to be fit for shoes, slippers, boots, bootees,
gaiters, and buttons, exclusively, not combined with
India-rubber, ten per cent, ad valorem," be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
There was no objection, and the joint resolu-
tion was received and read a first and second
time.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I submit the following
amendment.
Sec.2. Andbe it further enacted. That from and after
the passage of this act, machinery forthemanufacture
of beet sugar imported for that purpose solely shall
be exempt from duty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thejointresolution, as amended, was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time ; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. LE BLOND. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the reporter of the Associated Press to
what I propose to state. I have been, sir, in
the Congress of the United States for four
years ; I am about to leave, and hence gentle-
men here will exonerate me from having any
personal interest in what I am going to say.
If it were different I would not say anything on
the subject.
Mr. Speaker, in looking over the reports of
the Associated Press for the last four years I
find the reporter, as a general thing, has re-
ported very fully what has been stated by the
opposition to the Democratic party. Of that
I make no complaint; but when it comes to
our side of the House I find the reports that
are made are usually compressed within a
space of two or three lines. Now, I under-
stand this Associated Press is kept up by the
general funds of both parties, and it is there-
fore only fair and just that the reporter should
report for one side as fully as for the other.
I have no interest in it in any future proceed-
ing, but I have for the party to which I have
the honor to belong, the Democratic party,
the Union party, the party to which my friend,
I fear, does not belong.
Now, sir, I make these remarks that it may
go to the country, that our Democratic friends !
and supporters of the Associated Press may
know in the futurg what they are to expect.
I do it for the benefit of those who are to
remain in Congress after I have left. This is
all I have to say. I hope the Associated Press
will give what I have said with reasonable full-
ness for the sake of the party to which I belong.
COAT OF ARMS OF NEBRASKA.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings be instructed to cause to be placed upon the sole
remaining panel above this Hall the coat of arms of
the State of Nebraska.
STOCKTON AND COPPEROPOLIS RAILROAD.
Mr. HIGBY. The Thirty-Ninth Congress
expires at twelve o'clock on the 4th of March.
The State of California will have no delegation
in the Fortieth Congress until after the Sep-
tember election. There is one matter that has
been in my hands during the whole Congress,
and it is about the only measure of a local
character that I have had in charge. I do not
know that I shall ever again be in this Hall
as a Representative—it is just as likely that I
shall not as that I shall—and I ask now as a
favor from the House that they will let this bill
be taken up and put upon its passage.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object. If the major-
ity of this House would allow South Carolina
the privilege of representation here on the same
ground upon which it is claimed for California
I would not object; but as it is I do. I want
the gentleman to appreciate the position in
which his party have placed those excluded
States. I will not object to anything that he
pleases to say; but I do object to any legisla-
tion on his behalf being allowed on the ground
that his State will not be represented in the
first session of the Fortieth Congress.
Mr. HIGBY. Then I move to suspend the
rules in order to take from the Speaker's table,
out of its order, and put upon its passage the
bill granting land to aid in the construction of
a railroad from the city of Stockton to the town
of Copperopolis in the State of California.
The question was upon suspending the rules;
and there were—ayes 68, noes 37 ; two thirds
not voting in the affirmative.
Mr. HIGBY. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Higby
and Eldridge were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 74; noes 30.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended; and the House pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill.
Mr. HIGBY. I desire to have a correction
made on the fifth line of page 3 of the third
section of the bill by striking out the word
"presented" and inserting "prescribed."
The correction was made.
Mr. HIGBY. I now move the previous
question upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 ask the gentleman to
withdraw the demand for a moment. I would
like to know what quantity of land is to be
granted by this bill.
Mr. IIIGBY. I withdraw the demand for
the present.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have been informed
that one of these California bills takes in a
tract of land forty miles wide. [Laughter.] I
wish to inquire whether this is the bill?
Mr. HIGBY. This is not the bill. That bill
had its funeral a few days ago.
If the House will allow me I will make a
statement in reference to this bill. The road
in the construction of which it is intended to
aid commences at the city of Stockton, in the
State of California, which is at the head of
navigation on the St. Joachim river, and is to
run easterly to the town of Copperopolis, in
the great mineral district, a distance of about
thirty-eight miles. About twenty-one miles
of the road is in the St. Joachim and runs
through a rich and fertile tract of country.
Then it strikes into the hills and runs about
seventeen miles through what we call the
mineral belt, where but a small portion of the
land is yet taken.
I will state now. in reply to the question
which has just been asked, that I think this
company will probably get at the outside from
one hundred and twenty-five thousand to one
hundred and fifty thousand acres of land.
Provided none ot the lands within the range
granted by the bill had been taken up, it would
probably have between two hundred and fifty
and two hundred and sixty thousand acres.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call the attention of
the gentleman to the sixth section, and ask
hiin to see whether he has sufficiently guarded
against the company's taking this land and
disposing of it without building the road at
all. It seems to me that if they should tail to
commence work on the road within two years
they would still hold the.se lands.
Mr. IIIGBY. They get a certain quantity of
land for every ten miles of road that they com-
