1867.
TMM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
shall by proclamation announce the fact; whereupon,
Without farther proceedings on the part of Congress,
thTs act shall take effect.
Mr. WADE. I hope the friends of the bill
will not vote for this amendment, because it is
equivalent to rejecting the constitution. It
Will have to go back before the people, and will
be equivalent to making a new constitution.
Those who are in favor of the bill I presume
will vote against this amendment.
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment, and they were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
how this amendment stands with reference to
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Edmonds.]
Mr. WADE. That has not been offered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it not on the table?
Mr. WADE. No ; it has not been offered.
It was only presented informally. He proposes
to offer it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If this amendment of the
Senator from Missouri, shall not be agreed to,
then I propose to offer the amendment which
has been printed, and which I submitted on the
20th of December; but I do not wish to offer it
as a substitute for the pending amendment,
because either of them intrinsically would pro-
duce practical justice. I prefer my own to that
of the Senator from Missouri, because I believe
it puts the authority of Congress over this sub-
ject on its true ground.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I shall vote
for each of the propositions that have been
offered to the Senate by the Senator from Mis-
souri, my colleague, and the Senator from
Vermont. But, sir, the course of the Senate
on this bill fills me with anxiety. Since the
unhappy perversity of the President nothing has
occurred which seems to me of such evil omen.
It passes my comprehension how we can require
Equal Rights in the rebel States when we delib-
erately sanction the denial of Equal Rights in a
new State, which is completely within our juris-
diction and about to be fashioned by our hands.
Others may commit this inconsistency; but I
will not. Others may make the sacrifice; but 1
cannot. "No more States with the word
white." Such is the rule I have adopted, and
to this I shall adhere. Let Congress adopt this
rule and the future of the Republic will be
secured forever.
It seems as if Providence presented this
occasion in order to give you an easy oppor-
tunity of asserting a principle which is of
infinite value to the whole country. Only a few
persons are directly interested: but the decision
of Congress now will determine a governing
rule for millions. Nebraska is a loyal commu-
nity, small in numbers, formed out of ourselves,
bone of our bone and flesh of our flesh. In
an evil hour it adopted a constitution which is
bad in itself and worse still as an example.
But neither the tie of blood or the fellowship
of party should be permitted to save it from
judgment. At this moment Congress cannot
afford to sanction this wrong. Congress must
elevate itself if it would elevate the country.
It must be itself the example of justice, if it
would make justice the universal rule. It must
be itself the model which it recommends to
others. It must begin "reconstruction" here
at home.
It is with pain that I differ from valued friends
around me, and see a line of duty which they
do not see. Such is my deference to them that,
if the question were less clear or less important,
I should abandon my own conclusions and ac-
cept theirs. But when the question is so plain
and duty so imperative I have no alternative.
Let me add that, in taking the course I do,
I have nothing but friendly feelings for the
Territory of Nebraska, or for the men whom
she has sent to represent her in the Senate. I
wish to see Nebraska populous and flourishing,
and the home of Human Rights secured by
irrevocable law. And as for her Senators, I
know them now so well that I shall have pecu- '
liar pleasure in welcoming them on this floor. I
But there are voices from Nebraska which I I
wish you to hear. I have in my hand letters, 1
only recently received, from which, with your
permission, I will read. Here is one:
Nebraska, December i, 1866.
Sir: You will pardon me for the liberty I take in
addressing you when I state that I do it in the inter-
est of republicanism and fair dealing. The admission
of Nebraska as a State will doubtless come before
Congress daring the session jnst commenced, and
the action of the same will doubtless determine the
question whether we are to become a State under a
constitution made by a Copperhead Legislature, the
provisions of which wonld come folly up to the'pre-
scriptive aristocratic idea of any southern rebel State
on the continent,
• * * * * ♦   • • i
"When I consider that Republican counties, Ne-
maha for instance, which gave 350 Republican ma-
jority attheOctober election, gave MSmajorityagainst
the constitution ;tand, further, when it is remembered
that many Republicans, who arc in favor of its heeom-
ingaState, but Were nnWilling to indorse this proserip-
tire rebel constitution, stayed at home, thereby al-
lowing it to be adopted by default on their part; it
as is claimed, that it be desired by the people to be-
come a State, give us an enabling aet; let us make a
constitution that is republican in form, and use the
great desire to become a State as a lever to adopt a
constitution founded upon just principles. If you
admit Nebraska with her present constitution, what
canyonconsistentlydemandof tberebel States,when
it is a noted fact that Nebraska is cursed with a large
number of the most damnable rebels and bushmen
that ever cursed America? Sir, should your honor-
able body admit Nebraska with her present consti-
tution. we, as a Republican party, in our efforts to
amend the constitution, are to be met with your acts
as a standard of republican doctrine, which will set
us back ten years in elevating the republican stand-
ard to its logical and rightful point. If you reject
this constitution, I will venture to say that within
twelve months Nebraska will knock for admission
into the Union with the first republican constitution
ever offered to the Congress of the United States by
a State asking admission. * * * * *
Hon. Chabi.es Sumner.
Mr. WADE. Who is that from?
Mr. SUMNER. A good Republican of
Mr. WADE. What office does he hold in
the Territory?
Mr. SUMNER. None that I am aware of.
Sir, these are noble words, declaring the noble
ambition that Nebraska should take the lead
in the file of republican States. Here is
another letter:
December 20,1806.
Hon. Charles Scmxer: I desire to express to yon
and those Senators who think, talk, and act like
yourself on the admission of Nebraska, with her
present constitution stained with cutaneous distinc-
tions, my warm and profound resard aud_ admira-
tion ; and to assure you, as a citizen of Nebraska,
that I most sincerely hope that Territory will be
kept in her present condition until she exhibits a
clean breast or chart for your approval.
Principle is ever paramount to any temporizing
policy ; therefore, for the honor of a just and patri-
otic Senate, and the present and future welfare of
Nebraska, I earnestly desire that she may be taught
to acknowledge equality before the law. Beside, it
seems to resemble arrogant presumption, not to say
insult, for her people to "knock for entrance" on any
other principle, especially in view of the impressive
lesson of the age and the stern logic of events.
I have had no conversation with her Senators-elect
on this subject, both of whom I knowpersonally, and
whom I can indorse as radical: but I must confess
that if G-abriel were asking for admission with such
a stigma I would say, "Departfrom me; I know yot:
not."
Now, honorable sir, since nothing good, even on
the low plane of expediency, in View of the present
radical majorities in Congress, can result from the
admission of Nebraskaat present; and sinceit would
save the people of that Territory from future political
discussions and dissensions, and since it would pre-
vent the Senate from the sanction of injustice and
the establishment of a reprehensible precedent, I
most sincerely trust that your honorable body will
sanction and sustain the cause of justice and hu-
manity by keeping Nebraska "out in the cold'' until
sho can pronounce the American shibboleth, "Lib-
erty and equality."
Very respectfully. **
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to inquire of the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts whether he
is acquainted with the writerofthatletter, either
personally or by reputation?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, by reputation; not
personally.
Mr. WADE. Tell us who he is.
Mr. SUMNER. I think I ought not.
Mr. WADE. Then we ought to pay no at-
tention to it.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; the Senator will
do as he pleases. He is a gentleman in the
public service.
In looking at this question we are met at the
threshhold by the fact that in a vote of nearly
seven thousand, there were little over three
thousand, with a majority of only one hundred
in favor ©f the constitution which you are now
asked to accept. It is at the call of little more
than three thousand voters that you are to rec-
ognize a State government which begins its in-
dependent life by defiance to the fundamental
troths of the Declaration of Independence.
For myself, I am at a loss to understand the
grounds on which this can be done, unless hi
fttor anxiety to gratify the desires of a few
persoijs and to welcome the excellent gentle^
men from Nebraska, you are willing to set
aside great principles of duty tit a critical mo-
ment of national history. It is pleasant to be
" amiable," but you have nd right to be amia-
ble at the expense of Hum an Rights. It is pleas-
ant to be "lenient," as the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Wade,] who is pressing this bill, expresses
it; but take care that in lenity to this Territory
you are not unjust. There can be no such thing
as "lenity" where Human Rights are in (Jues-
tion. The language is entirely inapplicable.
The Senator from Ohio, over the way, £Sr.
Sherman,] does not leave any room for discre-
tion. He says we are bound by the ena-
bling act passed some time ago, authorizingpro-
ceeaings to form a State government, very
well; assume that the Senator is right, atid that
the enabling act will create an obligation on
the part of Congress, all of which I deny. I
insist that there has been no compliance with
the enabling act, either in form or substance. I
repeat there has been a failure both in form and
substance.
If we look at the enabling act We shall find
that it has not been complied with in forna.
This can be placed beyond question. By this
act, which I now hold in my hands, it is pro-
vided that a "Convention" of the people of
Nebraska shall be chosen by the people; that
the election for such "Convention" shall be
held on "the firstMonday in June thereafter
and that "the members of the Convention thus
elected shall meet at the capitol of said Terri-
tory on the first Monday in July next." Now,
in point of fact, such Convention was duly
chosen, and it met, according to the provisions
of the enabling_ act. Thus far all was right.
But after meeting it voluntarily adjourned or
dissolved without framing a Constitution. Af-
terward the territorial Legislature undertook
to do what the Convention had failed to do.
The territorial Legislature adopted a Consti-
tution and submitted it to the people; and this
is the Constitution now before you. Nothing
can be clearer in this statement than this; there
has been no compliance with the provisions of
the enabling act, so far as they prescribe the
proceedings for the formation of a Constitu-
tion. The act positively prescribes a Conven-
tion at a particular date. Instead of a Con-
vention at the date prescribed we have the
Legislature acting at a different date; so that
there is plainly a failure in the proceedings for
the adoption of the Constitution. Tlieenabling
act is in no respect complied with. It is vain,
therefore, to refer to it. As well refer to Ho-
mer's Iliad or the Book of Job.
Bat the failure in substance is graver still.
By that enabling act it is further provided that
the Constitution, when formed, shall be "repub-
lican, and not repugnant to the Constitution of
the United States and the principles of the
Declaration of Independence." Mark espe-
cially these latter words, introduced for the first
time into an enabling act. Here are essential
conditions which must be complied with : the
Constitution must be "republican.'' Now, I
insist that a Constitution which denies Equality
of Rights cannot be "republican." It may be
"republican" according to the imperfect no-
tions of an earlier period, or even according to
the standard of Montesquieu, but it cannot be
"republican" in a country which began its
national life fti disregard of received notionB
and the standards of the past. In fixing for
the first time an authoritative definition of this
requirement, you cannot forget the new vows
to Human Rights uttered by our fathers ; you
cannot forget that our Republic is an example
to mankind. Here is an occasion which must
