1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1093
Printing Office, if possible. These are the
three authoritative views expressed in support
of this measure. I kneiv there was something
in it. I knew as soon as the Senator from
Illinois got up that we should have just what
it was, so far as he chose to speak at all. I
intend now to ^peak very briefly of these three
propositions.
Eirst, the Senator from California intimates
that the Globe office is not doing exactly fair
by the reporters of this body. There is no
Senator who would be more earnest in demand-
ing that full justice should be done to the two
young gentlemen that report the proceedings
of this body than myself. They are very ex-
pert and able in their profession ; they are very
laborious in the discharge of their duties ; and
no compliment could be paid to them in too
extravagant terms. But, sir, are we to decide
that we will not continue a publication which
has been approved for so many years because
of a temporary disagreement, if such a dis-
agreement does exist, between the Globe office
and some of its employes?
I suppose when the thing comes to be invest-
igated it will be found that the reporters in
the Senate have been very well paid. I do not
intend to discuss it now at any length; but I
understand that three reporters in the Senate
get the same compensation that is paid to five
in the House. They are paid in the same way,
$4 60 per column, and this is paid to three
reporters in the Senate and five in the House,
at one session six in the House; it being so
very difficult to report in so large a body as the
House, a larger corps seems to be necessary in
that body than in this. A statement that I
have in my hand shows that for the second
session of the Thirty-Seventh Congress the
proprietors of the Globe paid the reporters of
the Senate $12,048 20, and Congress paid them
$4,000. For the third session of the Thirty-
Seventh Congress they received from the pro-
prietors of the Globe $5,464 92, and $4,000
from Congress. For the first session of the
Thirty-Eighth Congress they received from the
proprietors of the Globe $11,450 72, and
$4,000 from Congress. For the first session
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress they received
from the proprietors of the Globe $12,784 61,
and $4,000 from Congress. In all for these
five sessions they received $66,589 03; and at
one session, as I understand, they received the
twenty per cent, voted to the employes of Con-
gress, twenty per cent, not only upon what was
paid by Congress, but upon what was paid by
the proprietors of the Globe.
I am not prepared to say whether that was a
full compensation or not, or whether the em-
ployment of these reporters during the vaca-
tion on courts-martial and otherwise did not
make up a very handsome compensation. I
do not choose to discuss that. I suppose that
the Senate will hardly abandon a policy that
has been approved by so many years merely
because of a temporary disagreement between
the employes of the Globe and that office.
That is all I have to say in reply to the Sen-
ator from California.
Now, sir, I come to the argument of the
Senator from Illinois. He fairly stated it so as
not to be misunderstood. How far does he
claim that the principle which he now indorses
shall go, that to the victors belong the spoils ?
I supposed that applied to the public offices,
and that it was made consistent tathe moral
sense of the country, because the President of
the United States, being charged by his oath of
office with the execution of the iaws, it was
due to him that he should have around him in
important official positions men that sympa-
thized with him in his views and policy.
The Democratic party claimed that for the
President, and I think the Whig party claimed
the same for its President when it came into
power. But does the Senator say that the
money paid by the tax-payers of this country
into the coffers of the Government is public
spoils to be plundered upon by the party in
power ? Here is a question of work to be done,
of contracts to be complied with, as I think.
Is that arbitrarily to be given to some partisan
that he_ shall make money out of it? When a
house is to be built by the Government, when
the mails are to be carried over some route for
the benefit of the people, does the Senator
from Illinois_ claim that- that house shall be
built by a partisan without a competition allowed
to all the mechanics of the country? When
the mails are to be carried and paid for, does
the Senator claim that the public Treasury may
be plundered upon to enrich a partisan ?
I know very well that the Senator's party
has indorsed the doctrine that to the victors
belong the spoils, and illustrated it in a way
never known to a free country before. He
speaks of the crumbs of office. For five years
past it has not been crumbs, it has been' whole
loaves, whole car-loads and ship-loads of spoils
to the men in office and to the favorites of men
in office. A few have grown wonderfully rich.
Men who before your party came into power
were poor and scarcely able to make the ends
of the year meet are now living in gorgeous
palaces and rolling in wealth. This is known;
it is seen in every locality ; it is seen in every
city and village of the country that men, be-
cause of their party attachments, have grown
rich out of the money that the people sweated
that they might pay it into the public Treasury.
Is that the illustration of the doctrine which
the Senator from Illinois to-day approves?
I do not, as a Democrat I never held to any
such doctrine. I say that the money which
goes from the pockets of the people into the
public Treasury must only be paid out accord-
ing to law, and when a contract is made it
must be made fairly, without a view to giving
to a partisan more than it is worth. The Sen-
ator does not say that the pay which has been
given to Mr. Eives for the publication of the
Globe has been more than was a fair return.
He has not said that. He has admitted that
the work has been well done, but he simply
wants to take it away from these people, the
present owners of the Globe office, that the
work may be given to a partisan.
Mr. President, if a contract has been made
to carry the mails between the Atlantic and,the
Pacific coasts will he claim that that contract
ought to be set aside that some partisan may
have the benefit of it ? I understand the force
of his appeal, that the men ought to have the
benefit of the crumbs who have stood by the war,
as he says. Why, sir, I believe one of the sons
of Mr. Eives occupies a soldier's grave. Mr.
Rives himself could not go to the war, but I
never heard that his purse-strings remained
tight when an appeal was made to his gener-
osity on behalf of any soldier. He was liberal,
generous, kind to all—a model in all these
respects.
Is this Globe to become a partisan paper?
Are the reports of our proceedings to be made
up for partisan purposes, as is the case in the
partisan papers of the country and to some
extent on the part of the Associated Press,
that the views expressed upon one side of the
Chamber shall be fully represented and that
the views which are expressed in reply on the
other side of the Chamber shall be suppressed?
Why is it that this shall become a matter of
partisan strife? It never has been so. When
the great party that the Senator speaks of was
in power I never heard that work which was
to be done for the Government and to be paid
for at a fair price was regarded as the spoils
of office or the spoils belonging to a party
triumph.
But I do not intend to discuss this question
further. I believe we are committed by the
bill of 1864 to give two years' notice. That is
the fair, plain reading of the law, and I think
we ought to live up to it.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, the Senator
from Indiana seems to manifest a modest and
maiden sort of surprise at the doctrine which
I have advanced. Ho wanted to know what
was the motive principle with Senators in in-
troducing this amendment. I did not know
what the sentiment of the honorable Senator
from Ohio was in introducing the amendment,
but I had a right to speak for myself, as I am
in the habit of doing, and I spoke for myself.
I said that when I occupied the position rela-
tively that the ^honorable Senator from Indi-
ana now occupies, when I was in the minority,
I resisted the position that the spoils belonged
to the victors; I believed that doctrine then
demoralizing and unpatriotic; but, sir, like
every good American citizen, when fairly over-
come by the voice of the majority I yielded,
and said vox populi vox dei. Sir, the princi-
ple which I propose is that which is now acted
upon by both parties throughout this country.
There is no Legislature in the United States
of America where the dominant party does
not employ its own agents in carrying out its
principles, whether it be in public printing or
whether it be in the dispensation of patronage
in any shape whatever. There is no State in
the United States of America where this prin-
ciple is so rigidly adhered to as in the State of
Indiana.
If the party to which the honorable Senator
belongs in the State of Indiana were in the
ascendant to-day, that honorable Senator will
not stand up before the Senate and say that
the public printer of the State of Indiana
should not be a Democrat true from his
head to his heels. He contends for no such
principle. When he pretends to say that we
propose to "plunder upon the Treasury, what
does he mean? My object is to place the pat-
ronage of the Government in the hands of a
party which is not distinguished for plunder;
whose record is clear and pure upon the sub-
ject of public plunder. I propose to place it in
the hands of the Republican Union party, that
is not so much distinguished for plunder and
spoils as for exalted devotion to the country
during the trying scenes which have tested the
patriotism of the various parties of this coun-
try.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to ask the
Senator from Illinois a question. Are the pub-
lications as we have them now partisan puBli-
cations, or do you propose that they shall be
partisan publications?
Mr. YATES. If the gentleman wishes a dis-
tinct answer (though the term "partisan"
seems to be employed by the honorable Sena-
tor from Indiana as an odious term) I respond
affirmatively. I propose that the public print-
ing of the United States of America shall be
under the control of and shall bo carried on by
men who are true to the Union, who are true
to the party, who are radical Republicans;
and I propose that not one dollar, not one cent
of public patronage shall be given to a party
who sympathized with treason during the re-
bellion through which we have passed. These
are my individual sentiments. These are the
sentiments for which I have contended for
years past and for which I shall contend until
the last day in the evening of my life.
Now, Mr. President, of course in this matter
I have not pretended to refer to what may be
the obligation of the Government by way of
contract. If there is a contract by which we
are bound to give the printing to the Congres-
sional Globe, then I stand by the contract; but
if the road is clear, I am for conferring this
printing upon a man or upon a firm that are
true and have been true and will be true to tho
Republican Union party of tho Government.
I repeat what I said before, that after the trials
we have passed through, after the contests we
have had, I would not give a cent for a dom-
inant party which would not-thus confer its
patronage. Upon the subject of "plunder"
is it true that in the millions which composed
the Republican Union party of this country
we have not men who can honestly discharge
the duties of public printer or any other office?
The country will expect of us that we shall be
true to this principle and that we will carry it
out, especially since it has been established and
forced upon us by that party of which the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana is a very distin-
guished and worthy member.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I'never did agree to
the observation made many years since, " to the
