1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1769
plete. Just so soon as they finish ten miles of
the road they get their patent for so much
land, and bo on ; there can be no mistake
about it.
Now, the freightage upon that road between
Stockton and Copperopolis will amount to
from fifty thousand to seventy-five thousand
tons a year. In 1865 the copper ore freighted
from Copperopolis for Stockton was thirty-six
thousand tons, and of course there is also a
good deal of up freight. But if the road be
stopped short of that point it will be compar-
atively worthless for business purposes.
This bill has been before the Committee on
Public Lands. It was brought from that com-
mittee and laid on the Speaker's table ; and I
will call upon the chairman of the committee
to state whether the bill was acted upon in the
committee before that was done.
Mr. JULIAN. I believe this bill was acted
upon favorably by the Committee on Public
Lands at the last session of Congress. It was
again before us at this session, and we reviewed
out previous action and affirmed it
Mr. HIGBY. I will state to the House
that there is a considerable portion of the road
that is already graded and a good deal of ma-
terial already purchased.
Mr. MILLER. What is the probable length
of the road?
Mr. HIGBY. Thirty-eight miles—it may
be a little more or 1< but the wagon-road
is about thirty-eight miles, and I think the
survey for the railroad is about the same
length.
Mr. MILLER. What is the quantity of
land that is to be granted to this company?
Mr. HIGBY. Five sections to the mile on
each side of the road. Within six miles in
the valley there was more than eighty thou-
sand acres in wheat in 1865.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is there not a provision
in the bill binding the United States not to
sell any of their lands there at less than $2 60
an acre ?
Mr. HIGBY. Yes; they are not to sell any
within ten miles for less than that price.
Mr. WRIGHT. I think this is a gift enter-
prise, and the less we have to do with it the
better.
Mr. CHANLER. Does the bill contain the
usual provision reserving to the United States
all mineral lands?
Mr. HIGBY. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is there any quicksilver
in that land?
Mr. HIGBY. No, sir. I now call the pre-
vious question on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendments were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. HIGBY. I call the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The question was taken upon the passage of
the bill; and there were—ayes 56, noes 81; no
quorum voting.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think we may as well
have the yeas and nays, and I call for them on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 33, not voting
81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames. Arnell, Baker,
Banks, Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Bidwell. Bingham,
Boutwell, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Cook, Darling, Davis, Delano, Donnelly, Eck-
ley, jEggleston, Eliot, Farquhar, Garfield, Grinnell,
Griswold, Hale, A bner C. Harding, Hart, Hayes, Higby,
Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Jenckes, Julian,
Kelley, Ketcbam. Ivooruz, Loan, Lynch, Marquette,
Marvin, Maynard, McClurg, McRuer, Miller, Morris,
Myers,O'Neill. Paine, Patterson, Perhara.Pike,Price,
Alexander H. Rico, John H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scofleld, Starr, Stokes, Thayer, Upson. Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Henry D. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Wentworth. Whaley,
James F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—77.
NATS—Messrs. Ancona, Baldwin, Bergen, Boyer,
Broomall, Buokland, Chanler, Cooper, Eldridge,
Finck, Hawkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Humphrey, Hunter, Kerr, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence. Le Blond, Marshall, Mercur, Moor-
head, Newell, Niblack, William H. Randall, Shank-
lin, Taber, Trimble, Andrew H. Ward, Hamilton
Ward, Welker, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wright—33.
N OT V OTIN G—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Benjamin, Blaine, Blow, Brande-
gee, Bromwell, Campbell, Conkling, Cullom, Culver,
Dawes, Dawson, Defrees, Deming, Denison, Dixon,
Dodge, Driggs, Dumont, Farnsworth, Ferry, Gloss-
brenner, Goodyear, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hender-
son, Hise, Hogan, Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas Hub-
bard, JohnH. Hubbard, Edwin N.Hubbell, James R.
Hubbell, Ingersoll, Jones, Kasson, Kelso, Kuyken-
dall, Laflin, Latham, Leftwich, Longyear, Marston,
McCuilough, Mclndoe, McKee, Morrill, Moulton,
Nicholson, Noell, Orth, Phelps, Plants, Pomeroy, Rad-
ford, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Ritter, Rogers,
Ross, Rousseau, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Sloan,
Spalding, Stevens, Stilwell, Strouse, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Francis Thomas, John L.
Thomas, Thornton, Trowbridge, Van Aernam,
Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, Williams, and Win-
field—81.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HIGBY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed tp.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had j
insisted upon its amendments to the bill of the
House No. 1184, making appropriations for
the construction, preservation, and repair of
certain fortifications and other works of defense
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868, and ;
had agreed to the conference asked by the
House; and had appointed as the conferees on
the part of the Senate Messrs. Morgan, Mor-
rill, and Hendebson.
order of business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to suspend the
rules, in order to offer the following resolution
for consideration at this time :
Resolved, That until the business on the Speaker's
table is disposed of no other motion or business shall
be in order excepting privileged questions or ques-
tions of privilege.
Mr. THAYER. I would inquire of the
Chair if a motion to suspend the rules is a
privileged motion ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. THAYER. And cannot this resolution
or rule, if adopted, be suspended by a two-
thirds vote at any time?
The SPEAKER. It can.
Mr. THAYER. Then I cannot see the ad-
vantage of adopting this resolution.
The question was taken upon suspending the
rules ; and there were—ayes sixty-eight, noes
not counted.
So the rules were suspended, and the reso-
lution was agreed to.
remission of fines for absence.
Mr. ANCONA, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Reiolved, That all fines and costs imposed upon
members of this House for being absent without
leave be roinitted.
Mr. ANCONA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
appeals and writs op error.
The House resumed the consideration of
business upon the Speaker's table, the next
business being Senate bill No. 57G, relating to
appeals and writs of error to the Supreme
Court; which was read a first and second
tinje.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask that the bill
be put upon its passage now. I desire to offer
an amendment.
The bill, which was read at length, provides
that where any appeal or writ of error has
been brought to the Supreme Court from any
final judgment or decree of an inferior court
of the United States for any judicial district
in which subsequently to the rendition of sueh
judgment or decree the regular sessions of
such court have been suspended or interrupted
by insurrection or rebellion, sueh appeal or
writ of error shall be valid and effectual, not-
withstanding the time limited bylaw for bring-
ing the same may have previously expired;
and in cases where no appeal or writ of error
has been brought from any such judgment or
decree, sueh appeal or writ of error may be
brought within one year from the passage of this
act. The provisions of the act are not to apply
in any case in which the right to bring an
appeal or writ of error had expired before
such suspension or interruption of the regular
sessions of the court.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to amend by
adding the following as a new section :
And be it further enacted. That where an appeal has
been or may be taken from any final judgment,
decree, or order of the district court of the United
States for any district to a circuit court, the cause
appealed by consent of parties may be heard and
disposed of by the circuit court held by the district
judge at any term after the appeal, in case of the
absence at such term of the Chief Justice of the
United States or the as?ociated justice allotted to
hold circuit courts for such district.
Mr. LE BLOND. I move that the bill and
pending amendment be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be in
order when the gentleman from Iowa yields
the floor.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That motion, if
adopted, would of course result in the defeat
of the bill. Other members of the Judiciary
Committee, as well as myself, have examined
this bill, and there certainly can be no objec-
tion to it. Its simple effect is that where the
time for taking an appeal from a judgment or
decree had not expired before the courts were
interrupted by the rebellion, the party will be
allowed one year from the reopening of the
courts to take his appeal.
Mr. LE BLOND. Let me say to the gen-
tleman that, according to the law which has
been recently passed, those southern States
have no courts, no constitutions, no laws, except
such as may be granted them by the military
power to be established there.
Mr. BINGHAM. My colleague must know
that the law to which he refers does not affect
the United States courts.
Mr. LE BLOND. This proposition, I un-
derstand, affects all courts.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman is under a
great mistake.
Mr. LE BLOND. If those States are with-
out all law they must be without all courts.
Mr. BINGHAM. My colleague is under a
! great mistake. This bill does not relate to any
appeal from the State court?. It refers purely
to appeals from the United States district
! courts.
I Mr. LE BLOND. By the law which was
passed even the State courts were ignored.
Mr. BINGHAM. My colleague still labors
under a mistake. This bill has relation to the
United States courts, and the law to which the
gentleman refers does not affect it.
Mr. LE BLOND. It embraces United States
courts as well as State courts.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman is mis-
taken. It does not touch them.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I call for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered: and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment of Mr. Wilsox,
of Iowa, was agreed to.
. The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
retained bounty of colored soldiers.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 596) to regulate the disposition
of an irregular fond in the custody of the Freed-
