1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLC&l.
really, in good faith, and according to the laws
of Providence, it will be done by that slow
development which has brought this race, our
race, the vanguard of civilization, to its pres-
ent position; and that will be through struggle
and toil and suffering, and slavery, if you please.
There are a great many collar marks about
our civilization of to-day. Mr. President, you
are a lawyer, and you know that the language
of the law even to-day is not divested of the
symbols of the slavery of our race at a former
period. We still retain the word "servant"
and the word "villain." We still retain a
knowledge at least of the tenures by which
the men of our race held their lands and their
rights, too, in former times.
Now, Mr. President, I am opposed to the
admission of Nebraska as a State because she
is not a State. That is the reason of it. Not
because she has chosen for herself to exclude
people of a different race from being among
her governing classes; I am opposed to her
admission because she is not a State. What
is a State, Mr. President? A State consists
of a number of distinct, independent people
inhabiting over a certain Territory which they
themselves own, which they have a right to
own, and over which they have arightto make
laws.
The people of Nebraska, if I understand it,
do not form such a people.' They do not own
the State of Nebraska, to start with. The
State of Nebraska, the large mass of it, is yet
owned by the people of the United States.
There are fewer people in the State of Ne-
braska to-day than there are in the county in
which I inhabit in Pennsylvania. All the peo-
ple of the United States have a right to go to
Nebraska and settle there if they choose. Cer-
tainly they have a right to go there from all
parts of the States of the United States, and
if they go there have they not a right to form
the institutions of Nebraska, to determine upon
their character, to fix and mold them accord-
ing to such a result as would be produced by
all the people of the several States going into
a new Territory ? I think it was Mr. Calhoun
who once asked what right has the first hand-
full of squatters who go into a Territory to fix
its institutions? No right, especially when it
is not necessary for their protection, for their
security; but it may be exceedingly detrimental
to the old States.
Now, I might ask upon what principle of
fairness is Nebraska here with fewer people
than inhabit Westmoreland county, Pennsyl-
vania? Upon what principle are they to be
constituted a State? Are they not in the en-
joyment now of all that which we call Ameri-
can liberty? Have they not courts and juries
and the means of enforcing just laws? Have
they not just laws themselves? Are they not
safe and secure ? Why do they want to be a
State? Not that they are to gain anything in
the way of securing their rights, but that they
are to become a governing portion of the peo-
ple of this Union. The same plea precisely is
set up for the few people in Nebraska which
my honorable friend from Massachusetts sets
up with regard to the negro. There are two
or three dozen negroes in the Territory, and
he says they must belong to the governing class,
they must have their share in the government
of the country. There are fifty or sixty thou-
sand people in Nebraska, and my honorable
friend from Ohio says the people of Nebraska
must have a share in the government of the
country. Why? Is it because their numbers
entitle them to that share? Not at all. Is it
because it is necessary for their security and
their welfare? Not at all. What is it for?
The truth of the matter is, and that is about
the whole of it, that it is to have here a mem-
ber of Congress and two Senators. If you
were to take away that tempting, glittering
bait from the leading men of Nebraska, I very
mueh question whether anybody there would
want it to be a State; I rather incline to think
from the vote they look some time ago that the
majority would be against being a State.
And what are these Senators to do when they
eome here on the floor of the Senate? What
interest will they represent? What great in-
terest can sixty orseventy thousand people have
to be represented here upon the floor of the
Senate? What are these men to do ? Really
do nothing except to interfere perhaps in the
policies of the older States. 1 represent the
State of Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania is a tariff
State. Pennsylvania thinks that a protective
tariff is essential to her interests. Whether she
is right or wrong I do not stop here to discuss;
but that is her belief; that is the belief of both
parties in the State of Pennsylvania. What if
the sixty or seventy thousand people of Ne-
braska have no interest in the tariff question at
all, care nothing about it, do not care whether
you have tariff or no tariff, and if they have
any interest in it are rather interested against
it? They are to come upon the floor here and
to weigh in the determination of that question
as much as the three and ahalf millions of Penn-
sylvania do. Is that fair? Is it according to
the terms of the original compact ? Is that fair
in any sense of the word ? Is it fair even accord-
ing to the Declaration of Independence, where
it is said all men are equal ? That is not my
reading; that is my brother's reading. I be-
lieve the language is that they were created
equal.
Mr. SUMNER. In rights.
Mr. COWAN. They were created equal;
that is at the very outstart the cytoblast, the
primal eell of all individual, was about and
about. I suppose it was. I doubt whether
the best microscopes WQuld detect any differ-
ence there. But it unfortunately happened
that after they left that primal stand-point, after
they had progressed from the corpuscular
monads, they became very unequal. And it
seems this is an exceeding stretch of equality
upon the part of this Government to allow a
few people in Nebraska Territory to have the
same weight upon this floor that New York has
and that Massachusetts has, and which may
be wielded to the detriment of New York
and Massachusetts, and wielded without any
detriment to the people of Nebraska. When
the Territory of Nebraska shall have been
reached by people from all parts of the United
States, when it shall have that kind of society
which is known to publicists as a State, when
they shall become a State in fact, when they
shall have such an organization as constitutes
a State, I shall be willing to receive them as
such. It is well known, Mr. President, to you
and to others of us that it is not every collec-
tion of people which constitutes a State. A
State is a thing which is not made by legis-
lative enactment; a State is a thing which is
the growth of time and the growth of society.
That that exists in Nebraska I should hardly
think was pretended on the part of any of those
who advocate her immediate admission.
Then, as it is evident and must be evident to
Senators that the admission is simply for the
purpose of putting two more Senators on the
floor of this body, I would appeal to the dom-
inant majority to know what is the necessity
for that. Clearly you have enough already.
You have enough for all possible legislative
purposes. You have enough to override the
veto of the President. Yon have enough to
carry any measure, no matter how wild, how
strange, how dangerous it may seem to be to
some of us. You have enough to carry it with-
out resorting to anything of this kind, and
therefore I cannot see the necessity of it. I
think that those who represent here the States, :
the actual States of the Union, are as much
interested as I am to prevent anything of this
kind until we are absolutely certain that it is |!
necessary and proper, proper not only for the |'
people of Nebraska, but proper for the people jj
of the Union, too. If I understand this ques-
tion correctly, it is exceedingly doubtful whether
there is even any great majority of the people
of Nebraska in favor of it. So far as T remem-
ber the election returns, there was but a major-
ity of simply one hundred, and that majority
was contested on the ground that some pre-
cinct had been thrown out which had given
more than a hundred of a majority the other
way. If this is the case, and only half the
people of the Territory desire this change in
their condition, it is still another reason why
we should pause and not be overhasty in our
action. I trust, therefore, that this question
at least, in pursuance of the amendment; will
be submitted to the people of the proposed
State in order that we may have fairly their
sense. Who knows but that this one hundred
of a majority may be one hundred the other
way next time, and what then? We are not
to force sovereignty upon these people if they
do not desire it and do not desire to pay the
expenses of it.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, that there
may be no misunderstanding among the very
few people who may feel an interest in the
manner in which I shall vote on the various
propositions now under consideration in the
Senate, I desire to say a single word.
I shall vote with great pleasure for the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mis-
souri, now absent, and ifithat shall be adopted',
although I have many doubts as to whether
there be a sufficient number of people in the
Territory of Nebraska to entitle her to a rep-
resentation in Congress, yet I shall forego those
doubts and vote for the passage of the bill. If
that amendment be not adopted, I, like the
Senator from Massachusetts, shall not vote for
the bill even with the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Vermont. I apprehend, Mr. Pres-
ident, that that amendment of the Senator
from Vermont will amount to nothing. It is
a mere declaration on the part of Congress,
and a declaration, I apprehend, which Congress
has no more right to make than it has to make
an entirely new constitution for the State of
Nebraska. At any rate, its friends—the Sen-
ator from Vermont himself as well as the
chairman of the Committee on Territories,
who believes it is illegal and unconstitutional,
and made an argument to the Senate to prove it
to be so—admit that in any event it is a legal
question that must be carried before the judi-
cial tribunals to be settled, and therefore we
abandon the power which confessedly we have
to put this question entirely beyond a doubt,
by adopting that amendment and letting it go
finally to the Supreme Court of the United
States, which has recently rendered some decis-
ions that I apprehend a majority of this body
do not approve.
Mr, President, it is said—I think it has been
said here to-day, I have certainly heard it
in the conversation—that propositions of this
kind have been submitted to other States when
they have been admitted into the Union ; but
in every such instance there has been an ordi-
nance of the State admitted agreeing to the
terms fixed by Congress, upon which they were
admitted. I agree that whenever the State of
Nebraska shallyhave agreed to this condition
it will be binding upon the State of Nebraska.
But what assurance have we that Nebraska
will do that? Are we willing to sacrifice the
principle that we have established, and for
which we contended yesterday, by passing a
bill over the President's veto ; are we willing,
upon a mere matter of expediency, to abandon
that principle which our constituents hold so
dear, when it is in doubt whether or not the
people of Nebraska will ratify this condition?
Is there any such great pressing public neces-
sity, any such great exigency resting upon us
to-day that Nebraska should be admitted into
the Union, as will justify us in giving a vote
here which will be in future like Banquo's
ghost, that "'will not down."
Mr. President, there is not any doubt as to
our power to legislate in regard to the District
of Columbia, and we have exercised that power.
There is not any doubt as to ourpower to control
the constitution of the State of Nebraska and
to determine the manner and form in whieh
the constitution shall be presented to us. There
is some doubt hi the minds of a great many
men as to our power to control the subject in
some of the States that have lately been in
rebellion. It may be that before we adjourn
