1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1771
The report of General Michler, who was
commissioned to survey it, is very thorough,
and I trust every member who has not read
his report will not fail to read it. One survey
contains twenty-five hundred and forty acres,
the other about eighteen hundred. This bill
provides that the commission shall ascertain
the prices at which the land may be purchased
and report to Congress.
The initiation ot this movement was made
in the Senate under a resolution of that body.
General Michler was detailed by the War
Department to make a topographical survey,
which he has done. The two Committees on
Public Buildings and Grounds agreed to fur-
ther continue the examination of the public
park by appointing this commission, leaving
the whole matter to Congress to determine as
it shall see fit hereafter what shall be done.
I would be-glad to elaborate the subject fur-
ther, but I will not take up the time at this late
hour of the session. I call the previous question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
The motion was agreed to. j
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the j
vote by which the bill was laid on the table ;
and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
norton's canceling stamp.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the consideration of Senate bill No. 582,
to provide for the payment of past and future
use and purchase of the invention and patent
upon "post-marking of letters, packets, &c.,
and cancellation of postage stamps thereon,"
made by and patented to Marcus P. Norton, of
Troy, New York, April 14, 1863, and reissued
August 23, 1864; which was read a first and
second time.
It directs the Postmaster General to pay the
sum of $100,000 to whoever shall appear to bo
the rightful owner or owners of the letters-pat-
ent of the United States granted to Marcus P.
Norton, of the city of Troy, State of New York,
on the 14th day of April, 1863, and reissued on
the 23d day of August, 18C4; but within thirty
days of the approval of the bill, such assignees,
owner or owners of the patent, are to duly
assign or transfer the letters-patent and the in-
vention therein contained to the United States
of America for the use of the Government of
the United States, and formally accept of the
sum of $100,000, in full compensation for the
past use, title to, and right to use the letters-
patent and the invention therein contained.
Mr. FERRY. I have no disposition to tax
the patience of the House at this late day and
hour, and yet I cannot forego calling attention
to this matter. It has engaged the attention
of the Post Office Department, and I hold in
my hand a letter from the Postmaster General,
which I ask to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Post Office Department,
Washington, D. C., January 15, 1^7.
Sib : I have examined the papers sent me in regard
to Norton's canceling stamp, as suggested by your
letter of the 20th December.
It ia difficultfor meto determinethe amountwhieh
ought to be allowed for the uso of that invention.
The Department has saved already several hundred
thousand dollars by its use, and I have no doubt will
continue to save large sums by its futuro use. Tho
question of value to the Department has long been
settled.
The necessity to the Department of its continued
use is beyond question. It is also necessary that
some settlement be immediately made with the own-
ers of the patent for this canceling stamp. About
the 1st day of February next the Department must
again advertise for furnishing canceling stamps, and
Norton's stamp is the one desired. It is the best
there is. If no settlement is made by the Govern-
ment so that these stamps can be made and furnished
to the Department, without interference or embar-
rassment from the owners of the patent, it is appre-
hended the Department will bo compelled to resort
to a more.expensive and less approved method of
canceling stamps, and so incur great expense and
suffer great loss.
I cannot undertake to fix what the value of this
invention is to the Department and to the publio.
The fact that this Departmentderives the chief bene-
fit from this improvement and that, economically, it
is a necessity, is no argument against a full and fair
oomponsation for its exclusive uso. I think $20,000
entirely too small a sum, and that$50,000 is not a fair
measure of the great value of this invention.
In conclusion, permit me to urge that this question i
be settled in some way, and on some terms at this
session of Congress. ;
Vcry respectfully, &e.,
ALEXANDER W. RANDALL,
Postmaster General.
Hon. T. W. Ferry, Of Committee on the Poet Office and
Poet lioads.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I raise the
point of order that this contains an appropria-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order: it is not an appropriation bill.
Mr. FERRY. I will state for the informa-
tion of the House that this invention was
brought to the attention of the Department in
1860, and after subsequent improvements the
Post Office Department adopted the use of it
in 1863. For nearly four years the Govern-
ment has used it. The patentees presented
the case for purchase or compensation in the
Thirty-Eighth Congress; and the question of
title arising, they were remanded to the courts,
where an expense was incurred, as will appear ,
by the papers, which I will not detain the
House by reading, of nearly eighteen thousand
dollars in prosecuting the suit to test the title
of the invention. They appeared again in the
first session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress. The
Committee on tho Post Office and Post Roads,
of which I have the honor to be a member,
considered the subject. A letter from Post- j
master Dennisonwas submitted recommending
the payment of the small sum of $20,000 and >
the costs of litigation with an implied royalty. ;
The majority of the committee united upon j
the sum of $50,000, while a minority were in !
favor of $100,000, theparties claiming $125,000, j
for the past and future use and title to the I
invention. |
message from the senate. j
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con- j
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two j
Houses on the bill making appropriations for
the service of the Navy for the year ending the
30th of June, 1868.
Also, that the Senate had passed House
joint resolution No. 304, to amend section
five of an act entitled "An act to increase the
duties on imports, and for other purposes."
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. KASSON submitted the following priv-
ileged report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 1176)
making appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending June 30,1868, having met, after full and
free conference, have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their first and fourth
amendments.
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the
House to the sixth amendment of the Senate.
That the Senate recede from the third amendment,
and that the two Houses agree to said proviso, with
the following amendment: strike out all after the
word "provided," in the fifth line to the end of the
paragraph at lino eighteen, and insert in lieu thereof
as follows:
That the civil engineer and naval storekeeper,
when required at any of the navy-yards, shall be
appointed by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, and the persons employed
at the several navy-yards as master machinists, mas-
ter carpenters, master joiners, master blacksmiths,
master boiler-makers, master sail-makers, master
plumbers, master painters, and master caulkers, shall
be men skilled in their several duties, and appointed
from civil life.
That tho House recede from their disagreement to
the seventh amendment of the Senate, and agree to
tho same, with an amendment as follows: strikeout
all of said amendment after the enacting clause, and
insert in lieu thereof the following:
That no ofljeer or employe of tho Government shall
require or request any workingman in any navy-yard
to contribute or pay any money for political purposes,
nor shall any workingman be removed or discharged
for political opinions, and any officer or employe of
the Government who shall offend against the pro-
visions of this section shall be dismissed tho service
ofthe United States. T. A. HENDRICKS,
W. T. WILLEY,
WILLIAM SPRAGUE,
Managers oil the part of the Senate.
JOHN A. KASSON,
N. P. BANKS,
F. A. PIKE,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the House
now take a recess.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at eight o'clock and forty-five minutes a. m.)
the House took a recess until eighto'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION-SUNDAY.
The House reassembled at eight o'clock p.
m., [Sunday, March 3. ]
enrolled bills and joint resolutions.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled the following
bills and joint resolutions; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 234) to incorporate the
National Capital Insurance Company;
An act (H. R. No. 604) to define and punish
certain crimes therein named;
An act (H. R. No. 916) for the relief of
James M. Bishop;
An act (H. R. No. 1095) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay certain draft
to W. W. Potter, late acting military agent of
the State of New York ;
An act (H. R. No. 1176) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
30th June, 1868;
An act (H. R. No. 1182) to establish certain
post roads;
An act (H. R. No. 1137) for the relief of
Oliver Lumphrey;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 36) referring
the papers in the case of F. A. Gibbons and F.
X. Kelley to the Court of Claims; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 305) to amend
section five of an act entitled "An act to in-
crease duties on imports, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 30, 18G4.
Mr. COBB, from the same committee, also
reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled bills and joint resolution of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 438) for the relief of the heirs
of John E. Bouligny^
An act (S. No. 499) for the relief of Frank
Pugsley, late a private soldier in company I,
third regiment of New Hampshire volunteers;
and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 167) for the
relief of certain enlisted men of the seventh
regiment of West Virginia volunteers.
personal explanation.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a personal expla-
nation, though it is not often that I ask leave
for any such purpose. I have made it the rule
of my life not to contradict any calumny or
slander that enemies may circulate against me,
except that once or twice when I have been
charged with entertaining the foolish opinions
of infidelity, or atheism rather, I have denied it.
But I am every day receiving letters asking
whether the statements contained in a certain
publication in the Cincinnati Commercial are
true. Of course I cannot answer all the letters
that are sent to me on the subject, and I take
this mode of replying to them.
It will be recollected that some time since
there appeared in the Cincinnati Commercial
an article which was referred to upon this floor
some time since by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Le Bi.oxd.] The article purported to
relate conversations between the two gentle-
men from Ohio [Mr. Ashley and Mr. Bing-
ham] and myself, in which the name of Gen-
eral Grant was also involved. Now, I desire
to say that so far as any conversation is con-
cerned which I am represented by that article
to have had, the statement is wholly false; there
is not in it even the vestige of truth out of
which to fabricate the lie. There was nothing
so far as I heard—I did not hear all the conver-
sation that took place between the two gentle-
men from Ohio, [Mr. Ashley, and Mr. Bing-
ham]—but so far as I did hear the couversa-
