1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1095
was not receiving what he had formerly re-
ceived under more favorable circumstances.
The equity of the claim seemed to be so
strong as to carry it through without a divis-
ion, 1 think.
It seems to me that the notice required by
the fourth section of that law simply relates to
the additional price provided for by it. For
instance, suppose the Globe was going on in the
ordinaryway, reaching its three thousand pages,
if we intended to discontinue that we ought to
give Mr. Rives reasonable notice, so that he
might condense, if possible, the Globe within
three thousand pages, because up to three
thousand pages he is paid in a different way,
by the subscription of Congress to the publica-
tion of the Globe. The provision in the Second
section of the act of 1864 was simply intended
to pay him for the additional expense caused
by the swelling of the Globe beyond three
thousand pages; and the other provision re-
quiring a full set of the Globe to be given to
new members was to compensate for the con-
dition of affairs in which we were then placed,
by which he was not required to supply so great
a number of Globes to members as before.
It seems to me that the fourth section of that
act does not require any notice for a change of
the original contract. The original contract
for the publication of tile Globe is in certain
resolutions passed from time to time by the
two Houses of Congress directing the manner
of publishing the Globe. If I remember aright,
when I examined the question, there were
eight or ten of them, perhaps more. They have
been varied from time to time. Many of the
appropriation bills varied them. That contract
was simply a continuing contract at the pleas-
ure of either party, the one to publish the Globe
and the other to pay a certain rate for report-
ing and a certain rate for the volumes that
were published. The fourth section did not
affect that contract at all ; it did not change
the right of either party to discontinue that
contract at any moment. It simply provided
that this extra compensation should be paid as
long as the work was continued, and if we
thought the extra compensation should not be
paid we should give two years' notice so that
Mr. Rives might exercise his right under the
original contract to discontinue the work.
It seems to me that is the meaning'of the
law, taking into view all the facts connected
with it. Full force can be given to the fourth
section by confining it to the construction I
give to it; and it seems to me that is the entire
force of it. The original contract for the pub-
lication of the Globe depended upon the pleas-
ure of both parties. The stipulation about extra
pay for the increased size of the volume, and
also about the back volumes to the now mem-
bers was a new contract, not for years embraced
in the appropriations. The appropriation for
the additional sets was discontinued in 1860, if
I remember aright, and for yeai-s Mr. Rives did
not get this extra compensation. " The.fourth
section was intended simply to give him this
extra compensation for a period of time with-
out changing the original contract, or the terms
of the original contract, except as to the extra
compensation, and that this extra compensation
should be paid until two years' notice was given
for its discontinuance.
It seems to me that notice applies only to
the extra compensation and does not extend
to the original contract. Either party is at
liberty to abandon the original contract, and
as a matter of course the furnishing of addi-
tional volumes and the extra pay for the addi-
tional size of the volumes would fall with the
falling of the original contract. So it seems
to me, and I think also from the statements
which have been made, that a change ought
to occur in regard to the publication of the
Globe. Since the Globe was organized we have
established a Public Printing Bureau. In con-
sequence of the struggles for political patron-
age and political power, the distribution of the
printing of Congress became a disgusting spec-
tacle. Those who remember the contest for it
during the three years from 1857 to 1860 will
remember that there was the most disgusting
spectacle presented in the action of Congress.
The public printing was a matter of barter and
sale; the profits arising from the public print-
ing^were distributed for political purposes and
political objects. To put an end to this both
parties, under the lead of one of our colleagues
from Ohio, now dead, thought it wise at a time
when the Senate was one way politically and
the House the other, to adopt the system of
severing Congress from the public printing,
throwing the whole matter into a bureau or-
ganized under the control of Congress and in
the power of Congress, but in such a way that
no part of the public money could go to the
Superintendent of Public Printing. A col-
league of mine in the House, who took great
interest in the matter in connection with the
chairman of the Committee on Printing of the
Senate, framed the bill organizing this bureau
with a view to separate entirely from politics
the printing of Congress and the Departments.
It was not carried out as far as the Globe was
concerned, though the transfer of the Globe
to the Public Printing Office was then talked
about, and the reason was this: it was said
that the buildings were not large enough; but
it was even then contemplated that the whole
printing of Congress, including the printing of
the Globe, should be done at the Government
Printing Office.
Under present circumstances it seems to me
we ought to carry out that design. Since-then
the returns of the Superintendent of Public
Printing show that something near three or
four hundred thousand dollars a year are saved
in the publication of the matter ordered by Con-
gress. We ought to carry out the original design
in this respect unless we are prevented from
doing so by some contract. In the view I take of
this law I do not think it is a case of contract.
If it is a contract, Mr. Rives will be entitled
to damages. If the proper court should hold
that this was in the nature of a contract he
would have a fair claim for damages, and if I
believed he had a contract which was binding
on us I would certainly be the last man to vio-
late it to save two or three hundred thousand
dollars a year.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think with the honor-
able member from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] that
the printing of the Globe ought to be trans-
ferred as soon as we can do it to the public
printing establishment; and if I thought there
was no difficulty in the way of attaining that
end now I would vote in support of the amend-
ment of the honorable member from Ohio,
[Mr. Wade.] But in my opinion there is a
very clear contract between the United States
and the present publishers of the Globe that
they are to continue to bo the publishers until
the notice prescribed in the lawshall bo given.
The honorable member from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] construes the meaning of that law by
facts outside of the law altogether. The true
mode of interpreting a law is to interpret it by
itself, without any reference to facts aliunde;
and so interpreted by itself I think the honor-
able member would say that if the Globe
never had been published before that law was
passed the publishers would be entitled to the
benefit of the notice before their publication
under that law should be terminated. Now,
does it make any difference that they were at
the time that law was passed, and had been for
some time before., the publishers of the Globe?
I think not. Upon what rule of construction
can my friend from Ohio maintain that the
last section of that law is to be applied only
to one of the antecedent sections ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I said it applied to both
those sections, but not to any contract pre-
existing.
Mr. .1OHNSON. My friend says there was
no antecedent contract except from year to
year, as we agreed that they should go on to
publish the Globe. They were publishing the
Globe at the time we passed that law. We say
what is to be done there; that is to say, they
are to publish the Globe and we are to pay
them something extra for publishing the Globe;
and we_ say that shall not be put an end to with-
out giving two years' notice. I read that sec-
tion as applying to the entire law, as covering
every thing which the law implies, if it does not
in words direct, that the publishers of the Globe
shall do. So construed, I cannot vote-for the
amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I am in favor of this
amendment, not because I propose to disturb
any contract if such ex;ists, but I do not feel
disposed to commit myself. I do not think it
right for the Senate to commit itself on a ques-
tion not under consideration. The question
whether we shall continue this contract, if one
exists, is not involved. I understand that
every object desired by the appropriation will
be answered by passing it in the form in which
this amendment will put it. The effect of this
amendment is simply to leave the Senate in a
position to investigate the question. I am free
to confess that I have not enough of the facts
before me, I have not sufficiently examined
the law, to be prepared to pass upon that ques-
tion, and 1 say it is not before us. I do not
believe in determining such a question indi-
rectly. But as the bill now stands the money
must necessarily go to the Globe, and it com-
mits us for the next two years. That may be
proper or it may not. If there is a contract
in existence which binds us to that the party
holding the contract will get the benefit of this
appropriation if it is put in this form. I think
the amendment had better be adopted, so that
we may investigate that question.
Mr. HOWE. When this question was first
put to the Senate I had not had an opportunity
of examining the law on the subject, and lis-
tened only "to the statement of the Senator
from Maine commenting upon the act of 1864.
Consulting the same authority from which he
read, it seems to me that when the act of 1864
was passed there was no obligation of law
requiring either the Senate or the House of
Representatives, or any individual in either
the Senate or the House, to take a single copy
of the Globe except as that obligation was
conferred by resolutions from session to ses-
sion. Then laying out of view the act of
1804, where is the obligation on the part of
anybody to order a single copy of .the Globe?
Where is the law which says that Congress
shall pay for one copy or one million copies ?
I do not find it.
What, then, is the act of 1864 ? What obli -
gation did that impose upon Congress? First,
the obligation to purchase at every succeeding
Congress a full set of the Globe for new mem-
bers ; second, an obligation to pay one cent for
every five pages above a certain amount—
three thousand pages for a long session and
fifteen hundred for a short session—one cent
for each five pages upon so many volumes as
Congress might take, but not settling at all the
question how many copies Congress should
take. Congress was still at liberty to- take
few or many or none.
The fourth section provides in the language
which has been read that these pro visions—the
provision which requires Congress at each
succeeding session to supply new members
with full sets of the Globe, and the provision
which requires Congress to^ pay one cent for
every five pages above the given amount on so
many copies as are taken—these particular
provisions shall not he repealed without two
years' notice. What, then, if we do not give the
two years' notice, but do not take a single copy
of the Globe ? Who can find fault? What
law is violated ? What contract is impaired ?
I do not see, and therefore I shall vote for
this amendment.
The PRES1 DENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine; [Mr. Morrill,] to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate refused to agree to the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Wade.]
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment to strike out in
lines fifty-eight and fifty-nine, on page 3, the
