3S2
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
January 8,
■we sbal 1 deem it to be important and necessary
that we Shall undertake to exercise that power
in. those States about which a doubt is enter-
tained atid expressed by a great many good and
wise men; and are we going to' foreclose our-
selves to-day by saying that "we Will' not under-
take to control this question in a State where
confessedly we have the power ? I appeal to
Senators here to decide whether they believe
there is any such a necessity, any such demand
on the part of the people of this Territory, for
immediate admission as to require such action
on our part? Do their interests imperatively
demand it ? Is there a sufficiency of popula-
tion to require it? Do we need the votes of
the inen from Nebraska in the Senate and in
the House sufficiently to justify us to sustain our
principles and to strain the precedents that
have been set heretofore in regard to1 this ques-
tion ? For my own part, having as a matter
of principle voted the other day for the right
of free suffrage in the District of Columbia, and
having voted for it again over the presidential
veto yesterday, I am net to-day to be hurried by
a consideration of expediency to ignore and
turn my back upon that vote and1 to say that I
was wrong then.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I am not
one of those who are in the least degree dis-
posed to abandon a particle of principle in a
question of this kind, or of any other .kind, to
save' any emergency whatever. I will never,
j^iny more than the Senator from Iowa, "sell
the truth to save the hour," however import-
ant or urgent may be the "exigencies of that
hour, because the truth and justice is, in the
long run, the highest possible expediency. If
I "believed as the Senator from Iowa believes,
that - there were any doubt in respect to the
efficacy of the amendment which I have pro-
posed to control the rights of the citizens in
the State of Nebraska irrespective of her con-
stitution and irrespective of the will of her
people, I should agree with him that we ought
to adopt the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri and not the amendment which I have
had the honor to propose. But inasmuch as
it appears to me to be as plain a legal propo-
sition as any that can be asserted, that Con-
gress, in passing an act of legislation, has a
right to affix such qualifications to, and con-
ditions upon, that act of legislation as shall
seem fit to it, I have no hesitation in propos-
ing the amendment which I shall offer as a
substitute for that of the Senator from Mis-
souri : and I do it in accordance with the idea
which I entertained that, in proposing this
method of legislation and putting it into the
form of law, we stand ujion the true constitu-
tional grounds in exercising our duty as the
guardians of the nation.
We have a right to create States; we have a
right to govern Territories; we have a right to
sweep them away. Now, if we think it fit to
erect the people of this Territory into a State
we can say on what conditions they shall be a
State. That people may propose to us a con-
stitution for their local government which may
not in some of its respects agree with our
notions of what is right and just; for example,
they may not provide for a trial by jury in the
usual form, but may organize a kind and spe-
cies of jury which "they may choose to prefer.
In such a case we have a right to declare that
anything in their laws or constitution to the
contrary, if wo erect them into a State at all,
shall be disregarded, and that our will in these
respects shall be Ihe paramount law of the
land, and the reason why we have this right
is because it grows out of the necessary and
essential paramount power of Congress to erect
the State or not, as it pleases. It was asked
the other day, suppose these people do not
choose to act under it, suppose they do not
choose to be a State of that description, ham-
pered and qualified by these conditions which
we impose upon them, what is their position ?
I say, then, let them go without being a State.
It is only by the voluntary will of the people
in any State that they keep up a State organi-
zation. We have no power under the Consti-
tution or without the Constitution to enforce
specific performance of political duties.
If a man does not choose to go to the polls
to vote we have no power to send the sheriff
to compel him to vote or to compel him to vote
one way rather than another; but we have the
power to declare that if he does exercise the
functions of a State Which we and by our will
only authorize hi& to execute, what shall be
the terifls on which he shall exercise those
functions. 'Th'a,t is the distinction. We are
therefore not making a constitution for the
people of Nebraska; we are not altering a
codstitutiofi for the people of Nebraska, but we
are declaring'that anything in their constitution
6r their laws to the contrary notwithstanding,
the practical exercise of certain fundamental
political rights shall never be interfered with.
That is what we do.
I do not claim the credit, Mr. President, of
having discovered any new invention in respect
to this proposition, for I undertake to declare
that amajority of the instances in which Territo-
ries have been erected into States will show on
investigation that in some respect, not always
a fundamental respeet, not always an import-
ant respect, but in some respect or other the
paramount authority of Congress in declaring
what shall and what shall not bo in that State
has been asserted in the very act of admission,
and after the act of admission no ordinance of
the State has been required or adopted agree-
ing to these propositions. Where the act of
admission and the enabling act went together,
an ordinance has sometimes been required and
has frequently been adopted ; but when the act
of admission itself has come to be passed, as
in this case it is about to ..be I hope, and in
others it has been, there has almost always
been incorporated some provision touching
public rights, touching public lands, touching
the navigation of rivers 
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator specify
some instance where an ordinance has not been
required or has not been passed'on a State
being admitted ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will specify the State
of Wisconsin for one, where the final act of
admission, if my recollection is right, provided
that the jurisdiction of the people of the United
States over certain rivers should be held intact,
and that the State of Wisconsin should never
undertake to levy any tolls, dues, or other
exactions upon the free navigation of those
rivers. It was put in as a section by the force
of the law of Congress.
My honorable friend from New Jersey [Mr.
Freunghuysen] has furnished me with another
illustration, and the acts of Congress are full
of them in some form or other. He has handed
to me the act for the admission of the State
of Ohio, which declares, not as part of an ordi-
nance to be submitted to the people of that
State, but as a part of the paramount law of the
land creating that State: "provided the same,"
(that is the constitution of Ohio) " shall be
republican and not repugnant to the ordinance
of the 13th of July, 1787, between the original
States and the people and States of the territory
northwest of the river Ohio."
But, Mr. President, I need not proceed to
give a detailed list of the various acts of Con-
gress in which, when the final act of admission
came to be passed, Congress has exerted and
exercised the power, paramount and supreme,
of declaring in such and such respects as it
seemed fit to them the exercise of State sov-
ereignty over a given subject should not pre-
vail. As I said the other day, if we were in a
court discussing this question as mere lawyers,
I take it it would be difficult for my friend from
Iowa, or for any other gentleman learned in
the law, to maintain that the power to pass a
law did not necessarily include and imply the
power to impress such qualifications and condi-
tions upon the operation of that law as to the
law-making power should seem fit. It is a
proposition which I think I can safely defy any
man, howevergreat or learned he is, to take the
contrary of.
That being the case, Mr. President, I am
not troubled by the doubts which my learned
friend from Iowa seems to express. If I were,
I would vote cheerfully and gladly with him,
because with him I agree that there is no emer-
gency whatever of expediency as it might be
called, but it is not expediency—there is no
emergency whatever which will justify an Amer-
ican Senator in departing from the true prin-
ciples of legislation to achieve any temporary
object, however necessary and desirable it may
be. Thus thinking, I propose to amend the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri now
pending;, by striking it all out and substituting
for it this:
And be it further enacted, That this act shall take
effect with the fundamental and perpetual condition
that within said State of Nebraska there shall be no
abridgment or denial of the exercise of the elective
franchise, or of any other right to any person by
reason of raeoor oolor, excepting Indians not taxed.
Mr. GRIMES. I suspect that if the Sena-
tor from Vermont had pursued his inquiries a
little further and examined the legislative pro-
ceedings of the first General Assemblies of
those States that were erected from Territo-
ries, he would have discovered that in every
instance there was an ordinance passed affirm-
ing the act of Congress, ratifying and agreeing
to the terms imposed upon them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask my
honorable friend how there could be any act
of a State as a State until the State should
have been admitted into the Union; and how,
therefore, the action of the State afterward,
after she had her place, or any failure to act
if she failed to act, could affect the validity of
the previous act of Congress?
Mr. GRIMES. As I am by birth a Yankee
as well as the Senator from Vermont, I will
answer his question by asking him another. 1
will ask liim how he expects to get this amend-
ment which he proposes ratified and confirmed
unless it is by an act of the first General As-
sembly of the State of Nebraska, and without
that what is the effect of it ? I would ask the
Senator further how is a man who may be ag-
grieved by the people of the State of Nebraska
not adopting this provision and not agreeing
to it to seek his remedy? The Senator will
answer me, " in the courts." Hetold us so the
other day. The case is then carried through
various courts until it reaches your supreme
judicial tribunal here. How that Will decide
nobody knows. I object to his proposition,
because we have the power now to fix this
question beyond cavil and doubt, and beyond
any possibility of a supreme court or any tri-
bunal deciding against us, and I want to have
it thus fixed before it goes out of our hands.
The Senator referred to the act admitting the
State of Ohio. Just such a provision as that
was incorporated in the act authorizing the
admission of the State of Iowa into the Union.
That State, which I have the honor in part to
represent, was the first State created west of
the Mississippi river and north of the Missouri
compromise line, and Congress saw fit in its
wisdom to declare that that same provision
which had been contained in alt the organic
acts and all the legislation in regard to the
Territories that now compose the States of
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois^Michigan, and Wiscon-
sin should be extended to us, and when we
came into the Union we passed a law ratifying
and agreeing to the stipulations that were fixed
in that act of Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose you should
repeal vour law?
Mr. GRIMES. If we were to repeal thelaw,
and any persons were aggrieved by that repeal,
then they would be in exactly the position in
which the colored people would be in Nebraska
if the Senator's amendment should be adopted
here. They would have to seek their remedy
in the judicial tribunals ; and how the judicial
tribunals may settle the question he does not
know and 1 do not know. But we do know
that we have the power to settle it here our-
selves while the question is before us, by
requiring the people of the Territory to agree
to the provisions of the constitution striking
out the word '1 white." But it is proposed that
