1867.
THI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
we shall refuse to settle it for ourselves and
shall allow it to be sent before a tribunal in
which I think that a great many of the people
of this country at this moment have not any
very great confidence as to the manner in which
they will decide questions of this character.
Sir. HOWARD. Mr. President, I am op-
Sosed to the amendment of the Senator from
[issouri, and also to the substitute offered for
it by the Senator from Vermont; and although
I have already addressed the Senate on this
subject at greater length than I expected to do
when the discussion commenced, I shall further
ask their indulgence for a few minutes while I
state some of the views I entertain. I do not
believe that under the Constitution Congress
has any authority to impose conditions, in the
nature of fundamental conditions, interfering
with the political rights and powers of a State,
as conditions of the admission of new States.
Here is the point I take, and upon this ground
I propose to stand, no matter whether the con-
dition may relate to negro suffrage, to white
suffrage, to female suffrage, or any matter or
thing over which a State in the Union has
jurisdiction and control in virtue of its being
a State of the Union.
Now, sir, what is the amendment offered by
the Senator from Missouri ? He proposes to
add to the very brief bill reported by the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Territo-
ries for the admission of Nebraska the follow-
ing provision:
" That this act shall not take effect"—
That is, that Nebraska shall not be admitted
as a State—
" except upon the fundamental condition that within
the State of Nebraska there shall be no denial of the
elective franchise or of any other right to any person
by reason of race oreolor; and upontho further con-
dition that the fundamental condition shall be sub-
mitted to the voters of the Territory of Nebraska at
an election to be hold," &c.
Now, sir, after this contemplated election
shall have been held—and I admit the power
of Congress to direct such an election to be
held, because the people are in a territorial
condition and subject to our laws—the mover
of this amendment proceeds to say that—
"If a mnjority of such votes shall be for this condi-
tion, the Governorshallcertify that faetto thePresi-
dent of the United States, who shall by proclamation
announce the fact; whereupon, without further pro-
ceeding on the part of Congress, this act shall take
effect."
That is to say, upon the vote of a majority
of the people of the Territory being obtained
in favor of this fundamental condition already
mentioned,-Nebraska shall be admitted into
the Union. Well, sir, suppose she is thus
admitted into the Union after such an election,
what becomes of the objectionable feature in
her constitution declaring that nobody but white
persons shall vote? What at that moment is
the constitution of Nebraska? Has it been
altered or amended by our act? No, sir. The
constitution of Nebraska under which she will
have been admitted into Ihe Union contains
the following clause:
" Every male person of the age of twenty-one years
orupward, belonging ?o either of thefoHowingclasses,
who shall have resided in the State, county, pre-
cinct, and ward for the time provided by law shall
bo an elector, namely, first, white citizens of the
United States; second, white persons of foreign birth
who shall have declared their intention to become
citizens conformable to the laws of the United States
011 the subject of naturalization."
These are the classes, and these are the only
classes which by the constitution of Nebraska,
as it would then stand, are to exercise the privi-
lege of voting at the polls. Now, under this
amendment, although the people of Nebraska,
by their votes, adopt this so-called fundamental
condition and thus agree iu their primary capa-
city, as a Territory, that there shall be no re-
striction of the right of suffrage on account of
race or color, the legal result plainly is, that
under the constitution of the State, which by
that vote has not been repealed or altered in
any of its features, colored persons would not
bo allowed to vote. So that the amendment
would fail of its object entirely.
Again, Mr. President, have we the power
under the Constitution to prescribe to a new
State such, terms as seem to be contemplated
in this amendment? I insist that we have not.
The whole power of Congress over the subject
of the admission of new States is contained in
a single clause of the Constitution, declaring
that new States may be admitted into this Union.
But, says the Senator from Vermont, if Con-
gress have the power of admission, Congress
may admit upon conditions. I grant it Congress
might affix this condition to an act of admis-
sion ; thai one half of the population of the new
State should, before they became a State, visit
California or China, or go to London, because
until that condition antecedently imposed is
complied with the State is not admitted and
does not possess the faculties of a State; but
after that condition is complied with, then I insist
that Congress have no power or authority over
the subject of State rights at all. If a State
is admitted, as I have said heretofore, it must
be admitted upon equal terms with other States.
The very term "State " itself implies this po-
litical equality. Congress have no power, and
no power has ever been claimed on the part of
Congress, to interfere with the exercise of those
rights which pertain to a State as a political
community. If we have no such power, how
can we contrive to attain, effectually and prac-
tically, the same end by insisting upon a fund-
amental condition subsequent? Sir, we have
no such power. Congress has not received it at
the hands of the peopleof the United States, but,
on the other hand, that people have declared
expressly in the Constitution that all power not
therein delegated is reserved to the States re-
spectively or to the people. Is there any power
in the Constitution, express or implied, author-
izing Congress to interfere with the domestic
rights and privileges of the States of the Union?
None whatever; and if they cannot do it directly
in the shape of a positive act of Congress after
the State is admitted into the Union, I ask you
upon what principle of law it is that they may
do it indirectly and conditionally in the shape
of either of these amendments?
If we may undertake in this way to regulate
suffrage in the State of Nebraska we may for
the same reason, and no other reason, go still
fnrther; we may undertake to enact in our law
authorizing the admission of this Territory as
a State what sort of judiciary shall be organ-
ized there ; we may descend to the small busi-
ness of regulating the descent of property, the
distribution of estates, the mode of collecting
debts, the right of inheritance and of making
wills, the marital rights ; indeed, all the other
rights which every State exercises in virtue of
its sovereign power as a State, no matter what
that right may be. No, sir; this principle will
not bear examination, and Congress has never
attempted in any essential respect to impose
any such condition upon the new States, inter-
fering with their acknowledged political powers.
The honorable Senator from Missouri, when
he spoke in advocacy of his amendment, re-
ferred to the act enabling the people of Mis-
souri to form a State constitution. It is but a
recital of the provisions contained in almost
every act for the admission of new States. It
is not a condition, it is a positive enactment
and provision of the statute: it reads as follows:
"Provided, that the same
That is the constitution of Missouri—
"whenever formed, shall bo republican, and not
repugnant to the Constitution of the United States;
and that the Legislature of said State shall never in-
terfere with the primary disposal of the soil by the
United States, nor with any regulations Congress
may find necessary for securing the titles of such soil
to bonajide purchasers; and that no tax shall be im-
posed on lands, the property of the United States, ]
and in no case shaH non-resident proprietors be '
taxed higher than residents." ]
These are the stereotyppd provisions upon I
which most of the new States have been ad- j
mitted. Allow me to say one word upon these i
provisions, sometimes called conditions. The |
first is that the constitution shall be repub- j
licau. Is that of any use? Is such a }>ro\ision
of any benelit or any binding force? When
the State calls a convention and frames a eon- i
stitution it does not become the constitution •
of the State until laid before Congress, and .
until Congress has passed its judgment and
decided whether it be or be not republican.
_ The second provision is, that the State Le-
gislature shall never interfere with the primary
disposal of the soil of the United States. This
provision is inserted from abundant caution.
There were at the commencement of the Gov-
ernment some persons who contended for
State rights so strongly as to take the ground
that a State, after having been admitted into
the Union, might lawfully interfere with the
right of disposal of the soil by Congress. la
other words, that all the public lands lying
within the limits of a new State became by the
very act of admission the property of the State
itself. That doctrine, however, is plainly in-
consistent with the Constitution and the rights
of the United States. No State, new or old,
is competent to interfere with the primary dis-
posal of the soil of the United States. Th.e
United States is the owner of land within the
limits of new States. Of course, if it is the
owner of land, it has the right not only of juris-
diction, if it sees fit to exercise it, but the right
of disposition also. It holds it as owner by
virtue of its sovereign power as a Government,
and a State cannot interfere with that owner-
ship, so that that conditiun is but formal and
nugatory.
The next provision is, that "no tax shall be
imposed on lands the property of the United
States.'' Certainly no gentleman will pretend
that there is any force or efficacy in this pro-
vision, for the reason that the property of the
United States cannot be taxed by the State
governments, a principle which has been
deeided repeatedly by the Supreme Court.
The only remaining clause which I think
deserves any comment is the last, and is as
follows: "In no case shall non-resident pro-
prietors be taxed higher than residents." I do
not believe that this clause is constitutional or
valid, because it is undoubtedly the right of
every State, in the exercise of its legislative
power, should it see fit to do such an act of
inequality and injustice, to make taxation une-
qual. Every State Legislature has- full and
unlimited scope and power oyer the subject of
the taxation of property within its limits, and
unless restrained by its constitution may impose
unequal taxes and higher taxes upon the prop-
erty of a non-resident than upon that of a res-
ident. It grows out of the sovereign power of
the State over this particular subject of taxa-
tion, and the Legislature is responsible only to
its constituents for the exercise of the power.
Now, sir, I oppose both these amendments,
because I think I discover in them the inaugu-
ration of a policy in regard to new States upon
which we can never stand. If the old States
represented in Congress have the right to impose
conditions limiting and restricting the sovereign
power of the new States after their admission
into the Union, how long will it be before the
representatives of the old States, for their own
advantage—because they can plead 110 exemp-
tion from the frailties of human nature—will
lay prostrate every new State at their feet and
make them no better than hewers of wood and
drawers of water to the States which happen to
be in the Union? No, sir; let us embark in no
such experiment, either iu regard to suffrage or
to any other matter over which a State Legisla-
ture has confessedly full and ample control.
I am not prepared to assert here in my seat
that Congress have the power to say to the
Territory of Colorado or to any other Terri-
tory applying for admission as a State, " We
have a right to declare what sort of institutions
of learning shall be established in your State;
we have a right to declare where you shall trads
and for what price you sliall sell your commod-
ities." I have no idea of entering upon this
terra incogniia of experimental legislation;
and I am content to vote for the admission of
Nebraska as one of the States of the Union,
and am contident that she will do right on the
subject of negro suffrage, just as confident as
1 am that the present States will correct any
errors which they may have committed in this
regard^ if they be errors. It is enough for me
