1774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
An act (H. R. No. 1166) to authorize the
building of light-houses therein mentioned,
and for other purposes ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 205) for the
erection of an equestrian statue to the memory
of Brevet Lieutenant General Winfield Scott;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 222) prohib-
iting the payment by any officer of the Gov-
ernment to any person not known to have
been opposed to the rebellion and in favor of
its suppression ; and .
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 268) to pay
Lieutenant John H. Hamlin for military ser-
vices.
norton's canceling stamp—again.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill in relation to Norton's canceling stamp.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I will only say that this
is a stamp by which the postage stamps on a
letter are defaced by the operation of post-
marking the letter.
Mr. FERRY. I now yield to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Griswoi.d.]
Mr. ALLEY. I think, as chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
the gentleman might allow me to be heard.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I will waive the floor
for the present.
Mr. FERRY. I will yield to the chairman
of the committee [Mr. Alley] for five minutes.
Mr. ALLEY. I cannot discuss this question
properly in five minutes.
Mr. FERRY. I will yield to him for eight
minutes.
Mr. ALLEY. I decline to accept so short
a time.
Mr. FERRY. Well, I will now yield to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Griswold.]
Mr. GRISWOLD. I hope the House will
not be carried away by any erroneous ideas as
to the intrinsic value of this device, for com-
pensation for which application is now made
to Congress. I know the applicants in this
ease, and I am somewhat familiar with the
trouble and expense to which they have been
subjected in establishing their rights to this
device. I know, too, that by the concurrent
testimony of the present Postmaster General
arid the preceding Postmaster General the
value of this device to the Government is fully
conceded.
It hag been said that the idea of giving
$100,000 for so small a device as this is per-
fectly preposterous. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Farquhar] says it-only saves the
labor of one or two men in each of the prin-
cipal post offices in the United States. As-
*uming that the gentleman is correct in that,
and that only two hundred and fifty offices
throughout this country use this device, and
that only $500 a week is saved thereby to the
Government in clerk hire ; in each year there
will be saved to the Government an amount
almost sufficient to pay what is here asked.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, on the bill (H. R. No. 1184) making
appropriations for the construction, preserva-
tion, and care of certain fortifications and other
works of defense for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1868.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 603) to enable the Sec-
retary of War to carry out an agreement in
relation to the water-power at the United States
arsenal at Rock Island.
enrolled bills and joint resolution.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills and a joint resolu-
tion of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 643) to abolish and forever
prohibit the system of peonage in the Territory
of New Mexico and other parts of the United
States;
An act (S. No. 563) supplementary to the
several acts of Congress abolishing imprison-
ment for debt;
An act (S. No. 595) to regulate the disposi-
tion of an irregular fund in the custody of the
I Freedmen's Bureau ; and
i Joint resolution (S. R. No. 175) for the relief
of Dyer B. Pettijohn.
fortification appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, submitted
the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 1184) making appropriations for the
construction, preservation, and repairs of certain for-
tifications and other works of defense for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1868, having met, after full and
free conference, have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, Jo their respective nouses, as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate and agree to the
same.
That the Senate recede from so much, of their second
amendment as proposes to strike out the second sec-
tion of the bill, and agree to the same; and the llouse
agree to the section proposed to be inserted by the
Senate to said second amendment.
HENRY D. WASHBURN,
WIILLIAM HIGBY,
TEUNIS G. BERGEN,
Managers on the part of the House.
E. D. MORGAN.
LOT M. MORRILL,
JOHN B. HENDERSON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. This report
leaves the fortification bill in the form in which
it went from the House, with the exception of
an addititional section providing for experi-
ments in regard to fortifications.
" Mr. MAYNARD. The committee, I under-
stand, retain the provision for testing fortifica-
tions ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Yes, sir.
I request the Clerk to read the additional sec-
tion.
The Clerk read as follows:
And be it further enacted, That in order to deter-
mine the relative powers of resistance of the turret
and broadside systems of iron-clad vessels-of-war,
and whether or not our present heaviest guns are
adequate to the rapid destruction of the heaviest
plated ships now built, or deemed practicable on
either system, and whether or not our heaviest stone
forts will resist our heaviest guns, and if not, what
increase in strength, by adding either stone or iron,
or variation in form, is necessary to that end, the
Secretary of War and the Secretary of the Navy are
hereby authorized to detail a joint board of not less
than six competent officers, three from the Army and
three from the Navy, whose duty it shall be to con-
struct and test by firing upon them such targets as
they may deem necessary for the purposes above
named: and the Secretary of War and the Secretary
of the Navy are hereby authorized and directed to
supply the boajd with such facilities for this purpose
as they may require, provided it can be done from
the unexpended funds and materials now at their dis-
posal; the expense to be borne equally by the War
and Navy Departments, and from such funds at their
disposal as the Secretary of War and Secretary of
the Navy may designate respectively.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire also to inquire
whether the bill as reported contains the pro-
posal submitted by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Le Blond,] providing that only fifty per
cent, of the sums appropriated shall be ex-
pended during the next fiscal year?
_ Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. That pro-
vision was stricken out by the Senate; but it
has been restored by the conference com-
mittee.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The Speaker laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the Uni-
ted States:
To the House of Representatives of the United
States:
I transmit herewith a report from the Secre-
tary of State in further answe? to the resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives of the
24th January, 1867.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., March 2, 1867.
The message, with the accompanying docu-
ments, was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
cotton claims.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous cor.
1 sent, laid before the House a communication
; from the Secretary of the Treasury, in a tswer
to a resolution of the House of January 4,1867,
\ relative to cotton claims; which was laid on
i the table, and ordered to be printed,
Mr. WENT WORTH submitted the follow-
( ing resolution:
j Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
j House five thousand extra copies of the report of
I the Secretary of the Treasury concerning cotton.
I The SPEAKER. This resolution will be
referred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing.
norton's canceling. stamp again.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I desire to say briefly,
as my time is restricted, a few words in regard
to the value of this device, for I conceive it is
a very valuable invention. I believe no one
pretends to question its value and utility. We
have had the letter of the Postmaster General
which speaks highly of its usefulness to the
Government. We have here the patentee,
with the record showing the establishment
of the exclusive right before the civil tribu-
nals of the country to this invention. We have
seen that they have expended $15,000—they
say $20,000—in perfecting this device which
we are told saves annually to the Government
more than is proposed to be paid for it alto-
gether. Yet, sir, we are told, notwithstanding
all these facts, that it is absurd to pay them
this money. I hope, sir, the House will not
be driven from a fair and dispassionate con-
sideration of this question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from New York whether this device, as
we are told, is anything more than a pieoe of
cork?
Mr. GRISWOLD. It is a simple one ; but
by its use one man in the Post Office will do
the work of two. The gentleman, with his
mathematical knowledge, can easily tell how
much labor it saves to the Post Office, and
therefore can himself make an estimate of
what it is worth.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. What is
the cost of one of these instruments?
Mr. GRISWOLD. I believe the report of
the committee states it to be six dollars.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. How
many does the Government want to use? Say
there are two hundred and fifty post offices at
six dollars apiece, the whole cost would amount
to $1,500. Now, when the Government can
purchase all of these instruments that it needs
for $1,500, why should it pay $100,000?
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
following title ; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 896) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1868, and for other pur-
poses.
norton's canceling stamp—again.
The SPEAKER. The time allotted to thff
gentleman from New York has expired.
Mr. GRIS WOLD. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Michigan to give me a few minutes
more.
Mr. FERRTf. I will yifeld to the gentleman
two minutes more.
Mr. GRISWOLD. .The only information I
have is in the report of the Senate Committee,
which is accessible to every member of the
House. I ask whether the compensation for
