1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1099
they ought to have been in the grasp of the
military powpr long ago.
For our neglect to exert the military power
of the Government we are responsible for the
blood and suffering which disgrace this Re-
public. I think this is the best measure that
has been offered for the relief of the loyal peo-
ple who have been and are- still suffering so
much in the South. I will vote any amountof
men and money. I will strain the ship of state
till all her timbers crack rather than give up
the loyal people of the South to the murderous
fury of their enemies. I have no fear but we
have constitutional power to direct the com-
manding general to perform this duty. He is
an executive officer of the law. I know we
have the power, and I am in favor of exert-
ing it.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Trim-
ble] thinks, although the general in command
has the power to appoint all these officers, the
President can pervert this bill tfrom the pur-
poses intended. No, sir, he cannot. It is
intended to protect the liberty and property
of the loyal citizens. He cannot put a man at
the head of any department to pervert the ob-
ject of this measure. If he attempted it the
thing would be as great treason as anything we
have heard of. But I have no fear but when
you give explicit directions to him or to any
subaltern the laws will be executed.
We have arrived on this bill, sir, at the
point from which we diverged. We establish
the necessary supervising power over the peo-
ple recently subdued. Let us go back, then,
or rather let us come up to where we were
before, and exercise jurisdiction over the ter-
ritory conquered from the rebels, which juris-
diction the President has given up to those
rebels, to the great suffering and injury of the
Government and of loyal people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. THAYER. I now yield the residue of
my time to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Shellabarger.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
am glad of the opportunity to explain the rea-
sons for the vote I shall give on this important
measure, and in what I have to say I shall not
go much beyond that.
Now, if I agreed with the other side of this
House in regard to the state of fact and the
resulting state of law that is now upon our
country, I would most heartily and thoroughly
agree with them that it would not only be in-
competent but monstrous for us to pass this
bill into law on the state of facts assumed by
my friends on the other side of the House:
that we are in a slate of profound peace, that
there is peace in every sense of the word all
over the Republic in the civil administration
of the law; that the courts are open every-
where, and redress for violence and wrong can
be obtained. I say if that is the state of the
Republic we must not pass this bill.
Your Constitution, with that strange wisdom
that amounts to inspiration, which, as we go
along in these turbulous times, only excites
more and more the admiration of every right-
thinking man, lias foreseen and provided for the
exact state of the country which is now, alas!
upon us. In that provision of your Constitu-
tion to which I now allude, and which is the
one touching the suspension of the habeas
corpus, the framers of the instrument provided
for and have indicated what the duties of the
hour are. Whenever in time of rebellion or
of invasion the public safety requires that the
privileges of that writ shall be suspended, it
becomes not only the right, but the duty of the
Government of the United States, either Con-
gress or the Executive—and for the purposes
of this inquiry it makes no difference whether
the power be lodged in the President or in
Congress—to suspend the writ of habeas corpus.
That is this bill in all its scope and effect, and
nothing beyond that. The bill assumes that
the Republic is in a condition of rebellion when
the public safety requires that the privileges
of the writ of habeas corpus shall be suspended,
because the courts are unable to administer the
law. Now, if we are mistaken in that fact, then
this bill must be wrong, as indeed must every
other conceivable method of reconstruction.
Now, let me remind learned gentlemen—for
there_ are learned gentlemen on the other side
of this House and as patriotic as those on this
side — that every work on international law
contemplates, recognizes, and provides for two
states of war, namely: one in which it is flagrant
and the other in which it is cessante, in the teeh-
nicaUanguageofthebooks. The latter condition
of things (I simply state the fact to be so, with-
out, of course, stopping now to argue and prove
it) is_ now upon the country, in which a rebel-
lion is simply crushed by war, by the arms of
the Republic, but is still sufficiently strong to
overthrow and defy the courts in nearly half
the territories of the Republic. That is state
of war cessante; that is a state of things con-
templated by your Constitution, and, thank
God, the wise men who framed the Constitu-
tion provided for the case. The duties of the
hour require that we should see to it that this
mighty reserved force of your Government,
lodged in the ultimate powers of war, shall be
brought into play for the preservation of the
life of your Republic. That is all there is of
it. If I mistake the fact, then my law goes. If
that is not the condition of the country, then
we must abandon the bill.
Now, in the few minutes that have kindly
been accorded to me I want to make a sugges-
tion or two in regard to the detailed objections
that are made to the provisions of this bill.
They are every one of them worthy of consid-
eration, and I desire to give to them that careful
and kind attention that their value entitles them
to in the twenty minutes that arc allowed to
me.
First, it is said that this is an assumption of
the powers of the President as Commander-
in-Chief of the Army, and that it is incompe-
tent for Congress to indieate to any portion of
the military forces of the Government a par-
ticular or specific duty that the Congress shall
require to be done. Let me suggest to the gen-
tlemen on the other side that if they will an-
alyze that idea they will abandon it in the
frankness that is due to so great discussions as
we are now upon. Let me remind them now
of some examples in the history of our own
legislation. where in principle the identical
thing has been done by law that this bill pro-
poses.
Take, for instance, thisand I have hunted
up these examples only this morning, taking
them at random ; thousands of others like them
might be selected. The act of February 11,
1807, orders that vessels of war in actual ser-
vice shall go into a specified service of the
Government of the United Slates, namely, the
coast survey. Now, I ask the gentlemen on
the other side is that interfering with the pre-
rogative of the President of the United Stales
as Commander-in-Chief of the Navy? Every
gentleman says no instantly. Well, why not?
The Presidentis the Commander-in-Chief; why
is it that he cannot disregard a requirement of
Congress that commands him to detail or send
forth a portion of the Navy into a particular
service?
Take another example. In the act of 18S2
relating to the same service, it is expressly pro-
vided that such proportion of the land and
naval forces of the United States as may be
requisite for the execution of that service shall
be detailed for that purpose. Now, suppose
the President of the United States should say:
" I am the Commander-in-Chief of the Navy :
you are assuming my powers, and I will not
execute that law.'' I would like to know whether
the President would not be liable to impeach-
ment ; and whether there is any gentleman on
this floor who denies that liability?
Another example. The act of May 14, 18C6,
provides that the President shall send a sloop-
of-war, for purposes of exploration, into the
South seas, into the Pacific ocean; what is
commonly known "as the Wilkes' exploring ex-
pedition. Suppose the President had disre-
garded that requirement of law, would that not
have clearly been a violation of his duties as
the Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy?
I will now refer to another and a more strik-
ing example, because it is a case exactly like
the one now before the House. It is a case
where Congress, by act and operation of law,
undertook to detail a portion of the Army of
the United States to a particular territory for
the purpose of enforcing the laws of Congress.
I allude to various acts of Congress, one of
whic;h is as old as 1797, May 19, and which
have been running through our legislation ever
since. In every one of those acts it is pro-
vided that within the Indian Territories the
President of the United States shall be author-
ized and required to use the armies of the
United States for the purpose of executing the
laws of Congress.
Now, I have alluded to these examples for
the purpose of bringing to the minds of gen-
tlemen this great fact: that the President of
the United States is indeed the commander of
the armies and navies of the United States.
But in your desire to follow the Constitution
of the United States you must not stop there;
but you must also remember that the armies
and navies of the United States are made the
instruments of the Government for the execu-
tion of its laws. It is the business of the Gov-
ernment, of the political powers of the coun-
try ? to make those laws; and then the Consti-
tution has provided armies and navies for their
execution. And the President in command
of those armies and navies must command
them so as to secure the execution of the laws.
But gentlemen say that after you have sent
your military officers into those insurrectionary
States for the purposes of government and
protection, the President, as Commander-in-
Chief of the Army and Navy, may take them
all away again and thus defeat your laws. So
he might have taken away the naval officers
from the exploring expedition; so he may take
away any portion of your naval forces which
you may order to clean out you harbors and
the mouths of your rivers. But suppose he
does it; then comes in that other reserved
force and power of your Constitution, by which,
if it is done wantonly and for the purpose of
defeating the provisions of the acts of Con-
gress, your President is impeachable.
Now, it does seem to me that if gentlemen
will only bear in mind these leading ideas, then
all the fogs which surround this subject will
disappear. Let it be remembered all the time
that your country has a right to its life, and
that the powers of your Government are given
for its preservation. Let it be remembered that
one portion of your Republic has fallen into a
state of rebellion, and is still in a state of war
against your Government, and that the powers
of the Government are to be exercised for the
purposes of the protection and the defense of the
loyal and the disloyal too, in that part of the
Republic; and that for the purpose of that de-
fense you are authorized to suspend the privi-
lege of the writ of habeas corpus, and to exer-
cise such extraordinary powers as are neces-
sary to the preservation of the great life of the
nation. Let these things be remembered; and
then let it also be remembered that the law-
making power of the Government not only
controls the President but controls the pur-
poses and the ends and the objects of war,
and, of course, the movements of the armies
that are to be employed in war. Let these
things be remembered; and it seems to me
that all the difficulties with which it is sought to
surround this measure will at once disappear.
Now, the only other suggestion which I de-
sire to make, and it is one which I wish to
make, is that this measure taken alone is one
which I could not support unaccompanied by
provisions for the rapid and immediate estab-
lishment of civil governments, based upon the.
suffrages of the loyal people of the South. _ I
could not support a military measure like this,
that was to be regarded at all as permanent in
its character.
It is because it is only the initiative, becauso
