1776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
message: from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Foujtby,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
insisted upon its amendments to the bill of
the House No. 1227. making appropriations
and to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 80, 18t>7, and for other pur-
poses : had agreed to the conference asked by
the House, and had appointed as the conferees
on the part of the Senate, Mr. Fessenden, Mr.
Grimes, and Mr. Stewart.
norton's canceling stamps again.
Mr. ALLEY. The Postmaster General did
not recommend, as my friend from Michigan
[Mr, F erbv] has stated, that there should be
paid a royalty in addition. What he did rec-
ommend was that if the sum he recommended
was not accepted, then a royalty of from one
to two dollars for each of these stamps might
be paid. The Government was then using
something like eight hundred of these stamps,
which cost six dollars apiece, and my under-
standing is that a very large profit is made upon
the manufacture of the article at that price.
But a royalty of two dollars each, even if a
thousand were used by the Government, would
be only $2,000. And I was not in favor of
any sum exceeding that amount; and it was
with reluctance that I consented that the com-
mittee should report an appropriation of even
the sum of $32,000.
But some of the members of the committee
took a view of the ease entirely different from
the view which I took. Looking at the mat-
ter from their stand-point, I think it must be
admitted that their view was correct. The
members of the committee will remember,
however, that in the arguments which I used
before the committee I took a ground pre-
cisely similar to that taken by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Griswold,] that the
value of the patent had very little to do with
estimating the royalty which should be paid
for the use of the article; and upon that ground
I estimated that the whole amount to bo ap-
propriated should not be over $20,000. Some
of the committee were in favor of paying
§100,000—at least one of them was, my friend
from Michigan, [Mr. Ferry ;] I do not know
how it was with the others.
It was finally agreed, as a matter of compro-
mise, that the sum of $50, OOOshouldbe reported,
if the parties would be content with that sum,
for costs of the suit and everything else.
Though I declined to present that report to
the House, I did consent that the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Ferry] should report the
sum of $50,000 under the authority of the
committee.
But the parties having virtually refused that
sum; having carried their case into the Court of
Claims and demanded of the Government the
sum of $400,000, and saying that they feel per-
fectly sure that they will succeed in getting
8200,000, for one I feel absolved from any
obligation to support their claim in this House
for even the $50,000 which the committee re-
ported.
Now, with regard to this matter of a new
invention. It has been stated that a new in-
vention has recently been made which will
entirely supersede this one. Such appears to
be the fact to this extent: the Third Assistant
Postmaster General, Mr. Beverly, under whose
observation these matters more particularly
come, wrote mealetter the other day, in which
he called my attention to this new invention;
and I think he stated that he regarded it as
better than this one of Mr. Norton.
As time is precious and gentlemen all around
me seem to desire that I should draw my re-
marks to a close, I will present but one other
point. These parties have claimed that unless
the Government of the United States pay them
for the use of this stamp, they will be under
the necessity of refusing to allow the Govern-
ment to use it. Having carried their claim into
the Court of Claims, they intend, as I under-
stand, to let the matter be contested there, wk}
recover whatever sum the court may, in its
judgment, award to them. That being the
case, I think we have no need to fear that the
Government will be deprived of its use. Even
if it was, as they allege, such a great saving to
the Government—and I have no doubt it is a
great saving of expense—I think the Govern-
ment runs no risk in losing the benefit of such
an invention, inasmuch as the other invention
can be used in lieu of it; and inasmuch as it
is worth not a dollar for any other purpose and
no other party can use it.
And this fact, in the view of other members
of the committee as well as myself, had and
still has considerable weight when taken in
connection with the further fact that all the
principal Governments of the world except
our own, in granting patents, reserve to them-
selves the use of the patents for Government
purposes. If our Government followed the
example of Great Britain and other countries
these gentlemen could not claim a single dollar
for the use of this patent; but such has not
been the policy of our Government, and there-
fore I for one should be willing to award to
these claimaints every dollar that may be hon-
estly and justly due them.
I now surrender the floor to the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Ferry,] who has charge
of this bill.
Mr. FERRY. I have no desire to consume
unnecessarily the time of the House with the
discussion of this case; and I shall in a short
time call the previous question. I think the
House will acknowledge that I have to a gen-
erous extent yielded my time to the opponents
of the bill. I now yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Finck,] one of
my colleagues on the committee.
Mr. FINCK. I move to amend the bill
by striking out "$100,000" and inserting
"$85,000." I think that the proposition to
pay so large a sum as. $100,000 for the use by
the Government of this invention is one which
should not receive for one moment the serious
consideration of this House. It appears to
me that if we pay this gentleman $35,000 we
shall deal with him very liberally. I admit
that the testimony in the case has disclosed
that he has already expended about thirty-two
thousand dollars in litigation for the purpose
of establishing his right to this patent. I am
willing to vote to reimburse to him this amount,
and pay him $3,000 additional. This, I think,
would be liberal compensation on the part of
the Government.
Mr. MAYNARD. Hag not this patentee
refused to accept less than $100,000? Has he
not said that rather than accept less he prefers
to prosecute his case in the Court of Claims?
Mr. FINCK. Yes, sir. In a letter addressed
to one of my colleagues on the committee this
man declined to accept less than $100,000, de-
claring that if this were not granted to him he
would prosecute his claim, and could recover
$200,000.
Mr. FERRY. The report which has been
read is based upon the affidavits of the post-
master in this city and the postmaster in the
city of New York, both of whom state that by
this invention the Government has saved one
half the number of post-marking clerks for-
merly necessary. I desire also to state that I
went myself, with other members of the com-
mittee, to witness the operation of this inven-
tion in competition with other stamping appa-
ratus, and we witnessed what is stated in the
report. In addition to that I learned from the
stamping clerks themselves that by means of
this invention two clerks can now perform the
same amount of work that formerly required
the services of four clerks. I now call the
previous question.
Mr. HILL. I move that the bill and pend-
ing amendment be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was laid on the
table; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
printing of documents.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution ; which
was rend, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That there be printed, with a prepared
index, for the uso of the House, twenty thousand
copies of the internal tax laws as they sliall stand
after in nrporating the provisions of the act recently
passed, > that, so far as is practicable, the provis-
ions of the different laws upon tho same matter shall
be printed in connection.
Mr. LAFLIN also reported, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, tho following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolve/I, That there be printed for the use of the
House, of tho reports of the President of tbe United
States and the Secretary of the Treasury concerning
cotton, five thousand extra copies with the accom-
panying statements.
Mr. LAFLIN also reported, from the Com-
: mittee on Printing, the following resolution ;
whiofe was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That two thousand copies of the report
and accompanying testimony of the committee on
the New York custom-houso be printed, and five
thousand of the report only.
Mr. LAFLIN also reported, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, the following resolution :
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of tho
bankrupt bill, when approved by the President, he
printed in pamphlet form for the use of the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by
striking out "when" and inserting "if;" so
as to read, "if approved by the President."
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
southern railroads.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the same committee,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered and agreed to:
! Resolved, That the testimony and report of the
select Committee to investigate the affairs of South-
; ern Railroads be printed; and the Clerk of the House
1 be, and is hereby, instructed and required to cause
I the same to be laid before the next House of Repre-
i sentatives for their consideration.
| lanman's congressional dictionary.
■ Mr. LAFLIN, from the same committee,
i made an adverse report on the following reso-
lution and moved that it be laid on the table:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of each
member of the House the same number of Lanman's
Congressional Dictionary as that ordered by the
Senate for the use of each of its members.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I hope the sense
of the House will be tested on this resolution
on the motion to lay it on the table.
Mr. LAFLIN. I do not desire to occupy
the time of the House in discussing a propo-
sition of this character, but if I was satisfied
the House would not agree with the report of
the committee I should wish to discuss this
question. If there is any disposition not to
have discussion, but to postpone this subject
indefinitely, I will make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone
indefinitely is debatable, while the motion to
lay on the table is not.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us have the question
on laying on the table.
Mr. LAFLIN. Very well, then.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
65, noes 50.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Washburn,
of Indiana, and Mr. Laflin were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 68, noes 69.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Clarke] as repre-
senting the minority of the committee.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. If the previous
question be ordered, I ask the Chair whether I
will be entitled to any time?
The SPEAKER. Only those who report a
bill or resolution are entitled to discussion after
the previous question has been seconded.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. I wish to state
then if the resolution is passed each member
will bo entitled to thirty copies. In my opinion
it is a most excellent book. It contains more
matter essential for the information of gentle-
