1867.
TEE GOJSTGrKESSIONAL GLOBR
m
the quality which, in my mind, gives it the
superiority that I think it has over any other
mode of treating this subject, because if you
introduce it by compact into the constitution
of Nebraska, then it becomes, so far as it is
part of that constitution, merely the constitu-
tion of that people, and whenever you can get
a majority of that people to alter that consti-
tution, so far as it is their constitution it no
longer exists; but I have yet to learn from the
superior learning of my friend from Michigan
that it is in the power of the people of any
State to change an- act of Congress passed as
the law of the whole land under, our supreme
..authority.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose that, instead of
this being a statute of the United States se-
curing the right of suffrage to the colored
population, it were a high congressional statute,
emanating from the sovereign power of the
United States, declaring that in the State of
Nebraska property, real and>personal, should
not descend to heirs-at-law at all, but that, on
the death of the owner, following out the sug-
gestion of Mr. Jefferson in his boyhood days,
it should escheat to the State; would it be
competent for the Legislature of the State to
pass an act in the teeth of that congressional
statute directing that the property should de-
scend to the heirs-at-law? And if it would be
competent for them to do it, upon what ground
can the Senator from Vermont uphold the
supremacy of this congressional statute of his
in relation to the right of suffrage, because
the political power of the State over both sub-
jects is precisely the same—the sovereign
power of the State as a State?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will answer my friend.
I say it would not be competent for the Legis-
lature of Nebraska to interfere at all with that
law; and the only reason why we do not insert
such a principle into the act of admission is
because it does not commend itself to our
sense of fundamental justice and right. That
is the reason. I admit fhat we have the per-
fect right to impress any condition that we
f lease when we create a State, which is nothing
ut a political corporation. We can give it
just such a life as we choose to give it. If it
does not choose to live under that law, let it
stay dead. If it does not choose to accept that
life and act upon it, then it only acts upon it
under the law of the life we have impressed
upon it.
Mr. HOWARD. Then the argument leads
directly to this conclusion, and it is irresistible
and unavoidable, that in reference to the new
States that are to come into this Union here-
after, Congress is clothed with omnipotent, des-
potic power over everything, no matter what it
may be, which has heretofore been regarded
as subject only to the power of a State. Sir,
tell me not that this is not a despotic doc-
trine ; tell me not that the new States of the
far West will agree to it. Sir, I am astonished—
I say it, of course, with great respect to the
Senator from Vermont—to hear a doctrine so
tyrannical and despotic advocated upon the
floor of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, all power
to make law is despotic, because it is the power
to impress the will of the law-maker upon who-
ever may happen to be the subject of it, and a
republican power, unless it be wisely exercised
for the equal protection of law, without respect
to race or color, is just as despotic as if it wore
exercised by a single sovereign. The phan-
tom, therefore, of despotic power which we arc
to exercise has no terrors for me at all. The
reason why we do not exercise all legislative
power for the Territories is because, consist-
ently with ournotions of appropriate democratic
government, it is fit to leave to the people of
the Territories the regulation of their ordinary
internal affairs in their own way ; but we have
thought it fit for many years, in the regulation
of the Territories, to declare that their internal
regulations should be equal with respect to
each other. We have thought it fit to declare
that there shall no more be involuntary servi-
tude except for crime. We have not chosen
39th Cong. 2d Sess.— No. 22.
to leave it to the people of the Territories to
declare that half of them, because they differ
from them in the color of their skin, should be
the hewers of wood and drawers of water for
the white men; and the reason why we have
exercised that power which the gentleman calls
despotic is because, as representing the public
will of the nation, whose eitizenB the people of
the Territories are as well as the people of the
States, we have thought that 4t was a funda-
mental wrong; while no mere majority of a
section should impose upon the minority of that
section. Now the question returns, whether
this right to vote among men of equal condi-
tions m every respect except color, among
citizens equally citizens of the United States
in this Territory, is one of those fundamental
regulations in which there ought to be equality.
That is the question. We may safely leave to
the people of a new State which we create, or
to the people of a Territory, the right to regu-
late the descent and distribution of real estate
so long as the people of that State or Territory
regulate it, so that it operates equally upon the
black man and the white man, upon the woman
and the child.
Mr. HOWARD. Where do we get the
power to leave it to them ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. We get the power to
leave it to them under the same Constitution
under which we get the power to create the
State. We may endow them, as I said before,
with precisely tie faculties that it pleases our
supreme will to give them, and our supreme
will is only controlled by that high sense of
political justice and equality which ought to be
inborn in the breast of every American Sen-
ator, if not every American citizen. That is
where we get the power. The confusion in
the mind of my friend—and it is rare that there
ever is any confusion in his mind—grows out
of his not paying attention to the distinction
between the faculties and the powers which
may be exercised by a political or any other
corporation after we have granted them their
charter, and fixed the law of their existence,
and while we are in the act of fixing it. Take
a bank, if you please. We incorporate a
bank. We clothe it with certain functions and
faculties which are contained in its charter.
We may fix those faculties and functions at
any point we please, as it commends itself to
our prudence and policy, Once granted, un-
less we reserve the express right of amend-
ment or repeal, it has passed upon our faith
and by the law beyond our control, and we
have then no right further to interfere with it.
Therefore it is that we have no right in the
State of Michigan or the State of Iowa to
declare that black men shall vote against the
wishes of the majority of their fellow-citizens
who are white. We have not the power—I
admit it—because when we gave them their
creative existence, when we breathed into
them the breath of life, we left it to the white
men there to say how that thing should be.
But now, when the people of Nebraska, as
they are called—not the black people, I take
it, but the people of Nebraska, as they are
called—come here with a constitution which
excludes from the right of voting a portion of
their own fellow-citizens, who have had no
voice in the question of whether they should
be excluded or not. I am not to be toid that I
am merely fighting a shadow because there
happen to be only a few of them. There will
be little value indeed in any Government if the
rights of men are to depend upon how small
the minority happens to be to-day who are to
be affected by an tmequal or an unjust distinc-
tion. I believe, if my memory serves mc
right—and the Senator will correct me if I am
wrong—it was only one citizen of the mighty
empire of Rome who defended himself by the
proclamation that he was a Roman citizen.
The whole power of the State in every Govern-
ment that deserves the name protects the rights
of the last man as well as it does, and equally
with the rights of the majority : Government
is not worth a straw otherwise.
Mr. FESSENPKN. I should like to ask my
friead from Vermont a question. He knows'
very well that I agree with him in ttot only
what he has been saying, but with reference
to the leading idea of his amendment. I wish,
however, to ask him a question to resolve -a
doubt of mine, a difficulty in my own mind.
His proposition to say th$t this State, if it
comes in, shall only come with this funda-
mental provision that they shall do so and so,
is, to a certain extent, overrulinrg their consti-
tution. They come here with a constitution;
that provision is not in it; something is in it
entirely at war with that provision. Now he:
says: " You may come in as a State, but when
yon come as a State, that provision of your
constitution shall be of no effect whatever; we
so provide, and you must so understand it."
I agree with him that if, after that, they, by
any action which can be called State action,
agree to it and say that it is satisfactory to them
so to come in, it will have all the binding
force of law; but the Senator will see that be
eannot compel a State- to come into the Vnion
with any provision that they have not adopted.
The question therefore is, in the peculiar cir-
cumstances of this ease, what will be effected?
If Nebraska had not already elected its Sena-
tors and its Representatives under the Consti-
tution, but was to act upon that subject, and
we should provide that they might become a
part of the Union but with this fundamental
condition, and they should then elect Senators
and Representatives and send them here to
their seats, that, undoubtedly, would be eoa-
sidered an adoption of it; they would agree to
the condition ; they would agree to what we
impose upon them. But, as -I understand it,
they have already elected Senators and a Rep-
resentative. The practice of electing Senators
and Representatives before a State is admitted
is a very bad one, and it ought not to be coun-
tenanced ; but they have done so. Now, sup-
pose we pass this bill with the Senator's amend-
ment, and thereupon, as soon as it is passed,
without the question going back to Nebraska
in any shape, to the Legislature or the people
in any way whatever, these gentlemen choose
to take the oaths and take their seats; have
they any power to agree to this condition
which is imposed upon them? May not tha
people of Nebraska turn around and say,
''We do not ehoose to come in under those
circumstances, and this action of these gen-
tlemen whom we elected under a different pro*
vision does not bind us at all?" Is there, in
other words, that kind of action, that kind of
adoption of what may be called an amended
constitution, that would be held, under those
circumstances, as a sufficient adoption of it to
make it binding in its effect upon the State?
Otherwise, if not, we have imposed this con-
dition and we have 'admitted Senators and
Representatives from that State, and they have
taken their seats, and there is no action what-
ever, express or implied, on the part of the
State that they accede to the condition thus
imposed. I state this to my friend in order
j that he may be able to dissipate, as he un-
I doubtedly will, any doubt I may have on the
i subjeet owing to the peculiar circumstances
| of the State itself as now represented here, or
j attempted to be.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The question submitted
I by my friend from Maine, reduced to a simple
| point, is: atwhat period of time have we a right
! to assume that these people become a State
| under this fundamental condition which we
I knpose upon them, and what is the evidence
Siat they have so become a State? And he
inquires'whether the entry and representation
by Senators in this body will be evidence which
will bind the people to the performance of this
condition, and to the complete creation and
erection of that State. As I have said before
in the course of this debate, the people of any
State, whatever may be the limitations in their
government, whether as to slavery or anything
else, may choose to become dissolved and not
to exercise the political functions with which
they are endowed, whether they are old or new;
and" when they cease to exercise those func-
