1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1777
men here than any other that has been pub-
lished. I look upon it as a most valuable work
for public information, and especially for the
use of the members of this House. A former
edition was ordered by the House, and I be-
lieve two editions by the Senate.
I do not propose to enter into any extended
discussion of the subject; I think there is pro-
priety in our purchasing it. I have been labor-
ing in the committee to get the resolution in
such a position that the House could act upon
it; and having said this much I will surrender
the floor to the chairman of the committee.
Mr. LAFLIN. Before I proceed I wish to
inquire if the previous question be seconded
whether I would be entitled to the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman reported
the resolution adversely, but he would never-
theless be entitled to the floor if the previous
question was seconded.
Mr. LAFLIN. I do not wish to occupy the
floor but for a single moment. I have endeav-
ored to present this report for the past two or
three days. Since I conscientiously believe it
contrary to the interests of this Governmentthat
this House should adopt a resolution of the
character proposed to our committee, I have
not felt authorized to make our repert without
some opportunity for explanation.
Now, sir, before the previous question is
called I wish to make to the House two or
three statements. In the first place, we have
to pay the expense of printing this book. That
is the first thing, costing $1 16 for each copy.
But it does not stop here. We not only have
to pay the expense of printing, but we go into
a private copartnership with the proprietor of
this work and pay him a dollar for each copy
that is printed. I also wish the House to
remember that the printing of this book at the
present session of Congress insures and guaran-
ties its printing for all future Congresses as
long as this copyright exists. It is not simply
a question whether we are to pay the compiler
of this work so many thousand dollars for the
work he has done, not to pay Ifim in one grand
sum to-day, but whether ho is to be made a
pensioner on the bounty of the Government
and to receive an annuity for life.
I agree with very much that my respected and
very honest colleague on the committee [Mr.
Clarke, of Ohio] has-said. Indeed, under cer-
tain conditions I would like to see this book
priuted, but I stand here to say to the House,
in somewise approximating to my ideas of what
our committee ought to do in the interest of the
Government, that I have been endeavoring to
negotiate with the compiler of this work for the
possession of his copyright.
While I would nol hold myself to that prop-
osition strictly, yet I have said to this gentle-
man, who is so anxious that the Committee on
Printing should "just give the House an op-
portunity to act in the matter," that I would
prefer to entertain a proposition from him for
the purchase of the work at an expense of
$50,000.
Mr. HILL. I simply desire to ask the gen-
tleman by how many Congresses preceding
this one this book has been ordered ?
Mr. LAFLIN. The House of Representa-
tives once ordered this book, and so has the
Senate; how many copies I do not know. So
far as I am concerned it does not make one
particle of difference what action has been
taken upon this matter ; but 
Mr. MILLER. Has not the Senate ordered
the book ?
Mr. LAFLIN. If the gentleman will only
wait till I get through my statement I will be
happy to answer his questions ; but I decline
to be interrupted.
I have already said that the Senate have
ordered it. It makes no difference to me
whether the House shall order the printing of
one copy or of thirty copies for each member;
the principle involved is just the same. Now,
let members of this House think for a moment
what principle ought to govern in the publica-
tion of books at the public expense. Plainly
we ought to publish in that way only such
39tii Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 112.
books as contain information valuable to the
public, and which are of such a character thai
private enterprise will not or cannot afford to
publish them. When we depart from this rule
we launch ourselves upon "an ocean of extrav-
agance which is both shoreless and starless
and I would like to know how any man can
make an argument in favor of publishing Lan-
man's Dictionary of-Congress, which contains
nothing but statistical information, showing
where and when certain members of Congress
were born, when they entered the Assemblies
or Senates of their respective States, when
they became members of Congress, what com-
mittees they were on, and when they died,
which would not be also an argument for pub-
lishing McPherson's History of the Rebellion,
or Frank Moore's Rebellion Record, or, what
would perhaps be of far more value to ns all,
the New American Cyclopcedia, or, as my
friend from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] suggests,
Greeley's American Conflict. The moment it
gets to be understood that Congress is willing
to enter into private, copartnerships with au-
thors, just the moment it is discovered that all
that is necessary to secure the gratuitous ser-
vices of the Government as a publisher is to
offer a book containing highly complimentary
notices and short biographies of members of
Congress, we will be flooded with applications
without limit.
' Now, I have no hostility to this book. I
have had no conflict or quarrel with its com-
piler. But I have been induced to take this
position, in conjunction with the gentleman
from West Virginia, simply and solely upon
the ground I have stated. 1 think I have made
my own position upon this matter sufficiently
clear; and now, if any gentleman desires to
question me cm the subject, I will be happy to
answer him.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have heard it intimated
by several members that measures of a threat-
ening character have been taken to secure the
passage of the resolution in reference to this
book. If that is true, I think it ought to ap-
pear in this discussion, that we may know the
grounds on which we are expected to act. I
therefore ask the chairman of the committee
or any other gentleman to state the facts in
reference to this allegation.
Mr. LAFLIN. I will reply to the gentle-
man that there is evidence before the commit-
tee of the character that he has indicated, and
that it is contained in a letter which was ad-
dressed to us officially by the compiler of this
book. [Cries of "Read!" "Read!"]
Mr. LAFLIN. I will send it to the Clerk,
to have that part of it read which I have
marked.
The Clerk read aa follows :
"It bus come to my knowledge that a fewraembers
of the House have opposed me on account of the
bitter personal hostility of Hon. Robert C. Schrnck,
and feeling that your opinion may be influenced in
the same manner, I think it my duty to make a. brief
statement in my behalf. And I am encouraged to do
this by the fact that during the latereccssof Con-
gress a number of the most prominent Representa-
tives have written to this effect: that they had been
frejudiced by Mr. Schenck, that they were satisfied
had been badly treated, ant! that they would here-
after advocate the printingof my book.
"But to the point in question. Eight years ago
Mr. Sonr.nck caused to be placed in my hands an
elaborate and highly complimentary biography of
himself for insertion in my Dictionary, which was
then newly started. IIis interest in the inatterwas
so great that he wrote me a letter stating that he re-
gretted his inability to call upon mo in person, and
easing me to call upon him when next he visited
Washington.
" That biography and the honorable member's let-
ters aro still in my possession, and, with other very
curious particulars, will figure conspicuously in the
history of the Dictionary of Congress which I pro-
pose to publish. Because I informed Mr. Schenck
that I could not possibly print his essay ho became
greatly annoyed; and from that timo to this he has
done all in his powor to injuro me.
" With regard to all his curses and unjust slanders
I am quite indifferent, excepting one" 
Mr. HALE. I rise to a point of order. Un-
less my friend from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] desires
to have this letter read 
Mr. SCHENCK. I do.
Mr. HALE. Then of coarse I waive my
p«int of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the point of order that the gentleman was
about to raise, and if it is "insisted upon he will
sustain it.
Mr. HALE. I do not insist upon it.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the letter,
as follows:
"That exception is the charge that I was in sym-
pathy with the rebellion. In \ icw of all that I have
written and all that I have endured in defending the
Union, this charge is s:mply cruel and infamous to
tho last degree. I was a defender of President Lin -
coin for years, and I enjoyed his personal friend-hip
and good will. My warm and true friends in Con-
gress may be counted by the score, and with two or
three exceptions they are all Republicans. When
Rev. Mr. Bonte was almost literally turned into the
streets of Georgetown by the rcbols of that place on
account of his Union sentiments I was one of the
two or three who stood by him to the last, and un-
sparingly condemned his persecutors; and to-day my
rebel enemies in that plrce aro numerous and very
bitter, and make themselves happy by sneering at mo
as an Abolitionist.
" But I must close. If your committee, as I am in-
clined to believe, have any prejudices against me on
account of Mr. Schenck's slanders, I only ask that
they will give mo an opportunity to defend myself
with unanswerable proofs.
"Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
" CHARLES LAN MAN."
Mr. SPALDING. Does that letter contain
a threat?
Mr. LAFLIN. I would like to know in
what other way the gentleman would interpret
Mr. Lanman's announcement that certain
documents relating to a member of this House
will figure conspicuously in his history of the
Dictionary of Congress.
Mr. SPALDING. I can see very well that
there is a matter there between Mr. Lanman
and my colleague, [Mr. Schexck,] but I can-
not see that the House is threatened in any
way.
Mr. SCHENCK. You have not heard all
yet.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that
this letter is not relevant to the resolution
before the House, and as it may provoke a
reply, if any gentleman makes the point of
order that it is not relevant, the Chair will
sustain the point of order, as he would have
done before if it had been raised.
Mr. LAFLIN. I ask unanimous consent
for the gentleman from Ohio to make an ex-
planation, if he desires to do so.
Mr. RADFORD. I object.
Mr. LAFLIN. Then I move to suspend the
rules in order to allow the gentleman to make
an explanation.
Mr. SPALDING. Would it be in order to
move to exclude the letter from the Globe?
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules is not debatable.
The question was upon suspending the rules ;
and (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended.
Mr. LAFLIN. Now I believe I am at lib-
erty to speak of this letter, and I am very glad
that I have that liberty.
It had been stated time and again that the
gentleman from Ohio had written a letter to
Mr. Lanman of the character described in the
letter that has just been read; and when this
matter was referred to us officially we frit it
to be our duty to investigate it, and we called
upon Mr. Lanman to appear before our com-
mittee. At that meeting of the committee my
i colleague from Ohio and my colleague from
West Virginia were present; and if in any par-
ticular I fail to state correctly what transpired
there, I beg each or either of them to correct
I me.
I When Mr. Lanman came before the com-
: mittee he submitted to us a letter from Hon.
; Mr. ScHEN'OK, of Ohio, which he alleged au-
1 thorized him to make the statement which he
i had made. And now I wish to state to this
I House just what was the character of that let-
| ter. If I remember aright the letter was dated
at Dayton, Ohio. I may be mistaken in that;
! at all events, it was dated at some place other
than Washington. In the letter Mr. Schenck
wrote Mr. Lanman that he had been informed
that some one had prepared a biography of
him [Mr. Senxxcr] for insertion in his [Lan-
