1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1101
fied by the evils we seek to correct. It is, Mr.
Speaker, a tremendous stride that we propose
to make by this bill to subject to military con-
trol ten million people who have once been
partners of this common country, and who are
to be united with us in its future trials and
fortunes. This bill proposes to place all the
rights of life, liberty, and happiness exclusively
in the control of a mere military captain.
Sir, I regard that as a terrible danger to this
country. Nothing but a state of war, absolute
and unquestioned, can justify a preponderance
of the military over the civil authorities of this
country. And with all due deference to the
learned gentlemen who have discussed this
question, I say that the practical sense of the
civilized world will not bear out the idea that
we are to^day in a state of absolute war.
If that is not the case, then I submit to those
gentlemen that we are making a very danger-
ous experiment when we subject to mere mili-*
tary authority those ten million people with
all their rights and interests. If I understand
the character of this bill it does nothing more
nor less than .to declare martial law over all
this territory. If I read it aright, it does not
recognize the civil tribunals of that portion of
the country. It simply provides that the offi-
cer in charge may allow the civil authority to
take jurisdiction of certain cases; but the ac-
tion of that civil authority is to be entirely sub-
ject to the discretion of the military officer
who chances at the time to be the officer com-
manding that department. I say, then, that all
the civil tribunals of this country are uncondi-
tionally and unequivocally ignored and repudi-
ated by this bill. Even the Chief Justice of
the Supreme Court of the United States, act-
ing plainly within the scope of his official au-
thority, has no right to interfere except with
the consent and approbation of a lieutenant,
perhaps, of the Army.
Now, I appeal to my friends on the other
side of the House, as well as to those upon this
side, whether we ought not to be cautious
before putting such a terrible power into hands
that are so irresponsible, 'lhere is to be no
appeal from the decision of the military
authorities. The decision of the officer com-
manding the department is to be final. No
civil tribunal can be appealed to to interfere;
but a merely military officer is to have the final
and irreversible decision of all cases, whether
they grow out of the civil rights, the political
rights, the rights of property, or any of the
other rights or privileges of these ten million
people.
I have another objection to this bill, and
that is, that by it wo are proceeding in the
wrong direction. For more than two years
we have been endeavoring to provide civil
governments for that portion of our country,
and yet by the provisions of this bill we turn
our backs upon the policy of the past two
years, and at one s,tride seek to place all that
territory under an exclusively military instead
of under a civil government. This bill con-
tains no provisions for the establishment in the
future of civil governments there. It simply
provides that for an indefinite period in the
future a purely military power shall have exclu-
sive control and jurisdiction there. That is,
therefore, to me another and a very serious
objection to this bill.
I am ready to concede the integrity, wisdom,
ability, and sense of justice of our officers of
the Army. I yield to no one in my admiration
of those men who by their valor and their
bravery have carried this country through
these-years of terrible danger and strife. But
I do not forget that Army officers are still but
human; that they are subject to the same
influences that other men are; and that the
same appliances and considerations will have
influence with officers of the Army that have
influence with men in other positions of life.
And when such power is to be conferred upon
a mere lieutenant of the Army as I have indi-
cated will be conferred by this bill, a power
which I maintain should be conferred upon no
man or class of men, it cannot be said that it
is any disparagement of our Army officers if I
say it should not be committed to them ; the
mere fact of their being Army officers certainly
is not sufficient to remove the objection on
that point.
For one, I prefer for the present to stand by
the overtures which we have made to these
people as conditions of their again participat-
ing in the government of this country. We
have placed before them the conditions which
Jthe civilized world has indorsed as'liberal,
magnanimous, and just. I regret exceedingly
that those very liberal terms have not been ac-
cepted by. them. _ But, Mr. Speaker, I prefer
standing and waiting for the development of
events to taking a step which I fear may be re-
garded as being in the wrong direction. I prefer
giving those States further opportunity to ex-
hibit a spirit of obedience and loyalty, hoping
that in the event of their continued repudiation
of the proffer which has been made to them we
may devise some measure less dangerous, less
liable to serious objection, than the bill now
under consideration.
Mr. Speaker, regarding the question even
from a party point of view I do not forget this
one other consideration : so long as the party
that now controls the political destinies of this
country shall retain its power, so long as the
people of this country shall have confidence in
the integrity and patriotism of that party, so
long, in spite of anything that may be done
either at the North or the South, shall we be
able to control for the right this question of
reconstruction.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RAYMOND. _ Mr. Speaker, I do not
propose to discuss this general subject in any
formal manner, but merely to make a few re-
marks, which i fear wdl prove rather desul-
tory, upon the necessity which has arisen for
some action on our part, and upon the char-
acter of the action it is now proposed that we
shall take.
There is, I think, no sentiment more deeply
rooted in the public mind at the present mo-
ment than that of the necessity and the duty
of extending full, ample, just protection to
those men throughout the southern States who
stood by the flag of the Union when it was
imperiled, whatever may be their race or color.
As my colleague [Mr. Hotciikiss] has already
stated, the public mind in the northern States
was enlightened and excited upon this subject
during the recent autumnal eanvass. Many
of those loyal men from the southern States
came among us and related the story of their
wrongs and their sufferings ; and wherever they
spoke they awoke a generous and hearty re-
sponse to the demands which they made for
sympathy and protection.
T fear, sir, it is also true, lamentably true,
that there exists a necessity for some interpo-
sition on the part of the General Government
to secure to those classes of our fellow-citizens
the protection to which they have a just and a
rightful claim. I cannot shut my eyes to the
testimony which has been adduced on every
side, the testimony not only of observers who
were in the southern States in no official ca-
pacity, disinterested and interested observers
alike, but the testimony also of those in official
position, and therefore qualified to speak with
special knowledge and impartiality upon this
precise point. This testimony, I think, can
leave no doubt in the public mind, as it cer-
tainly leaves none in mine, that there is a ne-
cessity for some measure of protection to the
people of the southern States. I think it is
clear that life, liberty, and property are not
properly guarded by law, are not safe through-
out those southern States. They are not prop-
erly protected by the courts and judicial tri-
bunals of those States. They are not prop-
erly protected by the civil authorities that are
in possession of political power in those States.
I think it is also but just to say that much of
this default is directly traceable to the preva-
lence in the South ot a temper not friendly to
the General Government of the United States
which we represent. It is undoubtedly true that
there is a lingering rebellious temper in the
southern States, and out of that temper arises
the necessity for protection, which we are now
called upon to consider.
Now, sir, admitting the necessity which thus
exists, the next question that comes before us
is, how can this protection, which we owe to
them be best afforded? Is this bill the proper
measure for such.an emergency? Does this
bill provide the-necessary means of protecting
those classes in the southern States most in
harmony with the spirit of our institutions best
calculated to attain the objects sought? In a
word, is it a measure which, <in the whole, it is
wise for us to adopt ?
The character of the bill may be stated in a
very few words. It is a simple abnegation of
all attempts for the time to protect the people
in the southern States by the ordinary exer-
cise of civil authority. It hands over all
authority in those States to officers of the Army
of the United States, and clothes them as offi-
cers of the Army with complete, absolute, unre-
stricted power to administer the affairs of those
States according to their sovereign will and
pleasure. Gentlemen may say that those offi-
cers are there to enforce the laws and protect
the rights of the people secured to them by
law. What laws, what rights, what statutes,
define the rights which these officers of the
Army are to protect the people in enjoying?
Not the laws of those States, for those States
are discarded, and their authority to make law
at all is expressly repudiated. Not the laws of
the United States, for there is no.law of the
United States to punishlarceny, felony, murder,
or crime of any sort. There is no law of the
United States to enforce contracts or to regu-
late the relations of individuals as members of
the community, as citizens of the States in
which they live, and those States are not al-
lowed to make such laws. There are no laws
t6 be enforced, there are no rights defined by
law to be protected by the officeis of the Army
whom we send into those districts. They them-
selves make the laws, as well as enforce them.
They and they alone define the rights they are
to protect.
The third section of the bill is explicit and
precise on that point. It says:
It shall bo the duty of each officer assigned as afore-
said to protect all persons in their rights of person
and property, to suppress insurrection, disorder, and
violence, and to punish, or cause to be punished, all
disturbers of tho public peace and criminals—
according to their own judgment of rights and
of laws. That is not in the bill, but that is the
necessary inference, because no other provision
is made. There is nothing to specify what is
the peace they are to maintain; what are the
crimes they are to punish; what are tho" con-
tracts they are to enforce. We send a brig-
adier general into each one of the five military
departments created by this bill to be absolute
sovereign over all its people, to issue his de-
crees as their law, and to enforce his will as in
all cases their rule of action.
Gentlemen will all admit that is an extreme
measure, the most extreme measure which can
possibly be enacted by this Congress or by any
legislative body in the world. No legislative
body can do more. Can there bo any higher
exercise of authority than to clothe a solitary
individual with absolute power, authority, and
control over millions of men ; to give him
power at once to prescribe the law and to
enforce it ?
Now, Mr. Speaker, is there a necessity
which calls for this? Is tho emergency so
absolute that we must enact such a law as
this ? The able and learned gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Shell.usaikjer,] who spoke a few
moments ago on this point, insisted that it
was made the duty of Congress by the Consti-
tution to suspend the writ of habeas corpus
under certain contingencies, and that such
action was all this law contemplated. I do
not think that is all this bill contemplates. As
I have already attempted to show, the law ex-
tends far beyond that when it clothes an indi-
vidual Army officer with power to make laws
for the people over whom he is placed in com-
