338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
tions, to hold elections, to send Senators and
Representatives', and to exercise the other acts
which are necessary in political communities,
of course as an organized political commu-
nity that State becomes dissolved, and there is
Ij0.j5o.wer, in the Government at all, because in
the' nature of things there cannot be, to compel
those people to exercise those functions.
Now, if we admit this,'State with this funda-
mental condition,- which becomes a part of the
act of admission, then any action which her
agents aud: representatives may take under it
is prima faeie evidence that they are exercising
political power under the charter of incorpora-
tion which we have chosen to grant them. If
it- turns out afterward that the agents who
have thus assumed to represent the State and
to exercise those functions with which we have
invested them are repudiated by their people,
their stockholders, to use an apt illustration,
and the stockholders choose to dissolve the
corporation, then of course the representative
functions of those agents must cease, and we
shall only be in the condition that we often are
for a short time of having had representatives in
this body who, it-finally turned out, had no
right to be here. W.e have frequently expelled
men, we have frequently rejected the claims
of men who have sat as members of. this body
for a. long time upon the ground that they had
no lawful authority to sit here at all. There-
fore, if these Senators should come in and thus
prima facie give vital action to the functions
of this State under this law, and their action
should be repudiated, (and it would be no new
thing if it should be,) and the State should
choose to dissolve itself rather than to work
under the charter of liberty which we give it,
the not new thing will happen that for a short
time persons will have sat in this body who it
turned out had no right to seats.
r That is all the difficulty there is about it, and
it is the same difficulty that might have existed,
allow me to tell my friend from Maine, under
almost every one of these previous acts in some
form or other, because the final acts of admis-
sion of many of these States have authorized
the Senators-and Representatives to come in
immediately, although there were conditions
imposed upon their .admission which were not
to be submitted to the people of the State.
Take, if you please, the State of Michigan, a
State which is much better represented in this
body, according to my judgment, than it used
to be. Its Senators and Representatives had
been elected irregularly by the people without
the sanction of law at all, without the form or
color or pretext of law for it, in opposition to
law; and the State came here with its consti-
tution, with its Senators and members elected.
"We passed an act on the 15th of June, 1836,
admitting that State into the Union with cer-
tain changed boundaries. We sent it back t<*
the people of that State upon the sole question
of boundaries alone, that they should assent to
those boundaries and nothing else. Then we
proceeded, after having sent it back upon that
one point, to enaet further:
"That nothing in this act. contained, or in tho ad-
mission of the said State into the Union as one of the
United States of America upon an equal footingwith
the original States in all respccts whatever, shall be
so construed or understood as to confer upon the
people, Legislature, or other authorities of the said
State of Michigan, any authority or right to inter-
fere with the sale by the United States, and under
their authority, of the vacant and unsold lands within
the limits of the said State, but that the subject of
tho public lands, and the interests which may bo
f iven to the said State therein, shall be regulated by
uture action between Congress, on the part of thje
United States, and the said State, or the authorities
thereof. And the said State of Michigan shall in no
case, and under no pretense whatsoever, impose any
tax, assessment, or imposition of any description
upon any of tho lands of tho United States within its
limits."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Was that at war with
any express provision of their constitution?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; it was not at war
with any express provision* of their constitu-
tion, except that general declaration (not an
express provision) of the right of the people
of the State to exercise complete political sov-
ereignty over all the subjects within its terri-
tory. And I need not say to my honorable
friend from Maine that the erection of a sov-
ereignty and giving political power to the peo-
ple of a certain district conclusively implies
that all the political domain in that territory
becomes the public domain of the new sover-
eignty, unless there be in the act creating it,
or in the compact by which the act of union is
formed, if it be one, some provision to the con-
trary, because the prima facie and fundamen-
tal principle of political communities is, that
dominion over all public lands within the bor-
ders of that community resides in the sover-
eign power that controls it; and therefore it is
that the very subject of the public lands is an
instance and a case in point of the exercise of
the highest possible power on the part of the
Government of the United States in declaring
thftt, notwithstanding this general principle of
politics, the .State of Michigan should exercise
no such control. Her Senators came in; she
has not exercised the control; and now, as the
Senator from Michigan would put it, suppose
she should turn around and undertake to tax
the lands of the United States, to exercise dis-
posal over them on the ground that upon the
general principles of politics, being a so vereign
and independent State and never having as-
sented to this condition imposed upon her by
the Government of the United States, her
Eolitical power was complete; I dt> not think
er Legislature or her people will do it; but
if they should, they would discover I fancy,
even as the Supreme Court is now constituted,
that their road would be a short one to success
in a matter of that kind.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Before the Senator
from Vermont takes his seat, there is one point
to which I wish to call his attention. It is
this: the Constitution of the United States as
it is, and the Constitution as it is proposed to
be, should the constitutional amendment be
adopted by the States, expressly admits the
right of the States under the Constitution to
restrict the franchise. You remember the pro-
vision of the Constitution as it stands.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And the provision of
the constitutional amendment which is pro-
posed to be adopted, and which several of the
States have already ratified.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That latter provision is
in these words:
" But when the right to vote at any election for
the choice of electors for the President and Vice
President of the United States, Representatives in
Congress, the Executive and judicial officers of a
State, or the members of the Legislature thereof, is
denied to any of the male inhabitants of such State,
being twenty-one years of age and citizens of the
United States, or in any way abridged, except for
participation in rebellion or other crime,, the basis of
representation therein shall be reduced in the pro-
portion which the number of such male citizens snail
bear to the whole number of male citizens twenty-one
years of age in such State."
This constitutional' amendment recognizes
expressly the power of a State to restrict its
suffrage and to deny it to a portion of its male
citizens for various reasons. Now, the point
to which I call the Senator's attention, and the
question I wish he would answer, is this: caa
Congress by any law, or a State by the ratifi-
cation of any law of Congress, in any way
whatever affect or change that constitutional
power which is here admitted to exist in the
States ? Would not a provision adopted by a
State Legislature or the Congress of the United
States, or both together, be absolutely void in
view of this provision of the Constitution of
the United States? Could they alter that?
Could they limit the State so that it would not
have this power which the Constitution gives?
It seems to me it is impossible.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will answer that ques-
tion by asking my friend one: whether he
thinks that constitutional amendment has been
legally adopted yet ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not think it has.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then if it has not been
adopted we will reserve the discussion of that
question until it arises.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The gentleman does
not answer the whole question. Under the
Constitution as it is the right 'of each State to
define the qualification of its voters is expressly
recognized; and as I stated in the beginning,
not only the Constitution as it is recognizes that
right, but the Constitution as it is proposed to
be in case the amendment shall be adopted. So
Iproposeto cover both grounds, and it is equally
strong whichever you take, the Constitution as
it is or the Constitution as you propose to
make it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall be glad to have
my friend from Wisconsin point out to me that
clause of the Constitution as it is, as he calls it,
which declares that the people of a Territory ^
who are about being erected into a State shall
have the right, against the will of Congress, to
prescribe any qualification whatever to any of
its citizens.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is not the question
I put at all about the people of a Territory.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No ; itis aquestion I put.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The question I put is:
whether the people of a State by any act which
Congress or the Legislature of the State, or
both of them together, can pass can be deprived
of a right conferred by the Constitution of. the
United States. Is not such a provision in con-
flict with the Constitution of the United
States? The Constitution of the United States
is the supreme law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend from Wis-
consin got up for the purpose of asking me
whether I think Congress can pass a law in
conflict with the Constitution of the United
States, I shall be obliged to admit, without much
reluctance, that I do not think they can.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They can pass one.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; it would not be a
law, because it could not have the effect of a
law. The question, then, is, not whether Con-
gress can pass a valid law in violation of the
Constitution of the United States, but; as my
friend now puts it, whether in erecting the
people of a 1 erritory into that political corpo-
ration which we call a State we can provide by
law that there shall be equality among men in
that State. I undertake to declare, without
the fear of successful contradiction, either here
or in the Supreme Court, that there is no clause
in the present Constitution which prevents us
from passing such a law. The present Consti-
tution, it is true, declares that representation
in the various States shall be based upon cer-
tain principles, which implies, inasmuch as it
is based upon the principle of the qualified
electors to the most numerous branch of the
State Legislatures, that the people of those
States may define what are the qualifications
of the electors to the most numerous branch
of the Legislature; but it does not prove any
inequality in the State if when we create a new
one we require equality among its citizens any
more than the same argument would apply on
the subject of slavery which the present Con-
stitution, but for the late amendment, gave the
States the right to dispose of. If we choose
to erect a Territory into a State, it does not
imply that we may not impress upon it, as a
part of the fundamental charter under which
it shall act, that equality among men in respect
to servitude and in respect to the political
right of voting should prevail. There is noth-
ing in the Constitution which can be argued
on that point.
.Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the Sen-
ator from Vermont to concede that under the
Constitution as it is the States have a right to
prescribe the qualifications of their eleclors.
Now, the point is, can we, by an act of Con-
gress which shall be accepted and ratified by
the Legislature of Nebraska, change that con-
stitutional provision so that Nebraska cannot
define the qualification of her electors when
she becomes a State?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes; because she^ be-
comes a State of a particular character, a State
to whom there never has been imparted the
power to act in violation of the law of her
existence which we give to her. That is the
reason.
