1102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
mand. Is it the duty in an unqualified sense,
is it the absolute duty of Congress to suspend
the writ of habeas corpus even in such an
emergency ? The gentleman referred to the
Constitution, reciting it as if it read "Con-
gress shall suspend" the habeas corpus in cer-
tain contingencies or in ease of war. It would
be with the greatest hesitation that I should
attempt to correct so able a lawyer as the gen-
tleman from Ohio on a question of constitu-
tional law, but-where it is a matter of simple
quotation from its terms I may venture to set
him right.
The Constitution, sir, nowhere imposes upon
Congress the duty of suspending the writ of ha-
beas corpus under any contingency. It provides
that the habeas corpus shall not be suspended
except in a certain contingency. What is that
contingency? The gentleman said it was when
war prevailed, and he insisted that war pre-
vails now in the southern States, not " fla-
grant" war, but war in the legal sense of the
word. I suppose he intended to refer to the
distinction which publicists and writers on the
laws of war recognize in this respect, one of
which is actual, raging war, and the state that fol-
lows such a war before poaco has been legally
restored, and which is described in techni-
cal phrase as hello non flagrante sed nondum
cessante. But neither phrase describes the
present condition of the southern States. War
is not raging—-it is not " flagrant," and it has
ceased—ceased in fact and in the contempla-
tion of law. The stato of war has been ended
and the state of peace has been restored by
proclamation of the President, issued by au-
thority of law. In no sense, therefore, does
war exist in the South to-day. It is ended in
every sense, in legal sense, in every interna-
tional sense, in the sense of the Constitution,
in the sense in which it is used by every writer
on the subject that can bo found.
It cannot be, therefore, on the ground that
war prevails there that we have a right to sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus. The case is
made specific by the language of the Constitu-
tion:
"Tho priviloRO of tho writ of haheaa corpus shall
not, bo suspended except when in eases of invasion
or rebellion tho pubho safoty may require it."
In that ease tho Government is clothed with
the power to suspend tho writ. Now, there is
110 invasion in the South and there is no rebel-
lion in tho South in any such sense as menaces
the public safety—by which is meant, of course,
the safety of the nation. Tho gentleman once or
twice said in this connection that the life of the
nation is at stake. Not certainly in any large
or general sense is that true.' By remote infer-
ence' we may say when any single man is de-
prived of life or property, except by due process
of law, that the life of tho nation, that is the
constitutional legal life of the nation, is to that
extent impaired and endangered. But cer-
tainly that would not justify us in saying that
the life, the existence of the nation is at stake.
The public safety is not so endangered as to
justify a suspension of the writ of habeas cor-
pus. Private rights are undoubtedly jeopar-
dized in the southern States to-day. The lives
of individual citizens are not adequately pro-
tected; the liberty and property of individuals
are insecure; but it can only bo by a strange
or forced construction that wo can say that the
public safety is therefore so far in danger as
either to constitute a state of war, or to author-
ize the suspension of the privilege of habeas
corpus.
But I do not intend to argue the legal points
of the question. It is a large question, and it
has already been fully canvassed. In my opin-
ion there has not occurred an emergency which
justifies a resort to this extreme remedy.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Thayer] says tho people have decided that
the southern States are to be regulated by their
representatives; that the laws are to be en-
forced ; that life and liberty are to be protected
on behalf of the people themselves and by
their representatives. I admit that; but are
Army officers the true representatives of the
people in that sense ? Is there no other way
m which the people of this country, the sov-
ereign people, represented here in these Halls
of Congress, can enforce their will except by
delegating absolute and unrestricted power to
an officer of the Army? Certainly the Army
has never been considered the rightful fountain
and origin of civil authority in this Republic
until quite recently in our history. It has
always been considered the arm of the Gov-
ernment, its right hand to execute authority
emanating from the civil power. Is there a
necessity for reversing that state of things
now? My colleague [Mr. Hotchktss] thinks
it proper that the Army should lead the ad-
vance and clear the way for the civil govern-
ment. An army should lead the advance when
there is an obstacle in the way of the establish-
ment of civil government too great to be other-
wise overcome.
When tho establishment in the South of civil
government recognizing the authority of the
United States was opposed by armed rebellion
then the Army very properly led the way and
cleared it thoroughly and effectually. But I
know of no obstacle now to the establishment
of civil government in the southern States on
such basis as Congress may deem wise and
just, which shall have all the authority" that
governments have everywhere, and which will
be entitled, in case of resistance, to the aid of
the Army in the execution of their decrees.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Will the gentleman
yield for a question?
Mr. RAYMOND. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I wish to ask if it is not
tho universal testimony of tho loyal men of the
South that if wo should withdraw the armies
we now have there their lives would be sacri-
ficed ; and^if these loyal men are not as good
witnesses as northern men who have not been
there to observe the state of things for them-
selves ?
Mr. RAYMOND. That question would be
more pertinent if 1 had said one word in favor
of withdrawing that portion of tho Army that is
now there. I am in favor,of having the Army
in tho South to-day in a sufficient force in every
southern Stato to enforce such laws as may be
made by civil authority, and as may be neces-
sary for the protection of the lives and prop-
erty of tho loyal citizens of the South. What
I object to in this bill is not the presence of
tho Army; not tho protection to be extended
by tho Army over loyal citizens, black as well
as white. But I object to clothing the military
officers of that Army with power to make just
such laws as they please, to establish their
own definitions of the rights of liberty and
person and property, which are to be protected
by them and tho forces under their command.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Will my colleague [Mr.
Raymond] allow mo to ask him one other
question ?
Mr. RAYMOND. Very well.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I would ask my col-
league if the loyal men of the South—those of
them who are still permitted to remain there—
do not say that tho military protection afforded
them at tho present time is insufficient ?
Mr. RAYMOND. That question is no more
pertinent than was tho other. Tf the present
military protection is not sufficient, then in-
crease it.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. That is what this bill
proposes to do.
Mr. RAYMOND. This is not what the bill
proposes to do. It proposes much more than
this. It proposes not only to increase the mil-
itary force in those States, but to enlarge the
scope of its authority; to make it supreme
over the civil power; to make it absolute and
sovereign in all that part of this Republic.
Mr. SHELLABAEGER. AVill the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Raymond] permit
me to correct what I conceive to be an error
into which the gentleman has fallen in refer-
ence to my position ?
Mr. RAYMOND. Certainly.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I think the gen-
tleman is under some misapprehension of what
I meant to say,_ if I did not say it; and I would
not interrupt him but for that reason. I have
reference to the condition of things contem-
plated by the Constitution, when it said that
the writ of habeas corpus should be suspended
if the public safety required.it; and which
condition of things I said was now upon us.
The gentleman says that I misquoted the Con-
stitution in that respect. Now, I desire to state
my view of that subject, and then see if I am
misapprehended. The Constitution of the
United States, as the gentleman has rightly
said, provides that—
" The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall
not bo suspended unless when in cases of rebellion
or invasion the public safety may require it."
According to my apprehension that is equiv-
alent to saying that when the public safety does
require a suspension of the writ of habeas cor-
pus in cases of rebellion or invasion it is the
duty of Congress to suspend it. And I take
the converse as following as a matter of course.
Now, let me make one other suggestion to
my friend. He says that the military are now
in the South ; they are therefore there for some
purpose, and not for a vain purpose. They
are there for the purpose of protecting the
people there. Now, I ask him as an intelligent
gentleman, if not a lawyer, what can the mili-
tary do there; what useful purpose can they
accomplish in the way of enforcing the safety
of the citizens if they have no right to inter-
fere? And if they have a right to interfere,
how can it be done except under that provision
of the Constitution which recognizes the right -
to enforce the public safety in cases of war ?
Mr. RAYMOND. I need not say to a gen-
tleman so well read both in law and in the his-
tory of the country, as the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Shellabargee] is so well known to be,
that the function of the Army has always been
considered hitherto to be the execution of the
decrees, the enforcement of the laws and stat-
utes of the civil authority of the land. I hold,
therefore, that the proper function of the mili-
tary authority in the southern States is to exe-
cute the laws and the will of the civil authorities
and of tho civil government. And it is their
function also to reenforce by their aid, when
called upon in conformity with law, the tri-
bunals and agencies created by this Govern-
ment, such as the Freedmen's Bureau and the
other agencies created under the civil rights
bill. I believe that under those laws the mili-
tary may be called upon to protect life, liberty,
and property in the southern States.
But my answer to the gentleman will reach
further than that. He would reply to mo prob-
ably that the civil authorities in those States
are not reliable; that they do not desire to
protect the persons and the property of the
loyal men ana of the freedmen in those States,
and that they will not make or apply laws for
their protection. Admit that to be the fact^
for as I have already said I am afraid there is
too much reason to believe that it is the fact.
Then I say that the proper remedy is for Con-
gress to enact such laws, to create such gov-
ernments as will protect those classes of citi-
zens.
Now, my colleague [Mr. Hotohkiss] says
that the objection is made to any measure that
may bo proposed—that we are beginning at
the wrong end; that if we begin at either end
somebody will say that we have begun at the
wrong end; and that he is for beginning at
this end, with the military instead of the civil
authority.
Objections will undoubtedly be made, Mr.
Speaker, to any proposition that can be brought
forward. But I take it that if this Congress
has an intelligent conception of what it wishes
to do, if it understands clearly the emergency
to be met, and is agreed, or can agree, upon
any proper means of meeting that emergency,
there will be no further difficulty in taking
such action as the case requires. Certainly
we on this side of this House ought to be able
to agree upon some measure which will estab-
lish in those southern States governments
which the military may be called upon to aid
