1778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
man's] Biographical Dictionary; that he wished
to take that earl}- opportunity to inform him
that he did not desire any publication of the
kind to be made until it had iirst come under
his revision; and then stated that when he
came to Washington he hoped that he should
have an opportunity to see Mr. Lanman. And
Mr. Schexck went on to state further, not by
any means inviting the publication of any
notice of himself, that from what he could
learn of the proposed biographical notice it
was of such a character that he would not
like to see it published. And Mr. Lanman
himself acknowledged that Mr. Schenck's
letter afforded no proper foundation for his
statement. So much for that letter. I now
yield to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schexck] if he desires to make any statement.
Mr. SCHEXCK. I hardly know whether to
avail myself of this permission or not. It is
by no means pleasant to me to have my name
brought in this connection ; but perhaps I may
as well make a statement here and now as any-
where else or at any other time.
If gentlemen will refer to the Congressional
Globe for 1865, they will find that when this
same proposition was at that time before the
House for the purchase of Lanman's Diction-
ary, I opposed it in a few remarks which are
there fully reported. The result of the debate
upon that occasion was that the proposition
was most emphatically defeated. The first
paragraph of what I said on that occasion, as
embodying my general objection, perhaps is
worth reading, since I am permitted to read at
all. It will be found on page 391 of the Con-
gressional Globe, for the second session of the
Thirty-Eighth Congress, and is as follows :
"Mr. Sfeaker, this is one of those resolutions for
book purchasing and book distributing at the ex-
pense of the Government which I think ought not to
pas?. It is proposed to buy, for tho use of members
of this House and for distribution, a book which, if
it has any merit, belongs to that class that ought to
be obtained by application at the bookstores in the
usual way bythosewho haveoccasionforit. I would
as soon think of distributing any other Dictionary
as aDictionary of Congress, which, I believe, is sim-
ply intended to give a brief biography, not only of
every honorable gentleman here now, but of all those
who at any time heretofore have served in the legis-
lative councils of the nation. It seems to mo that it
ought to beenoush to defeat aresolution of this kind
to retcr to the fact that it is a book whose general
character is such that members and their constituents
ought to supply it to themselves, if they are curious
in that kind of literature, without putting the public
to the expense of purchasing it for them."
I then went on to criticise the book from a
copy which I had before me—I wish I had one
now—pointing out a large number of errors
in it and objections to it. Among other things
I showed that whenever there was occasion to
refer to those who were noticeable for their
rebel proclivities, as for instance, Jacob Thomp-
son, the rebel member of Buchanan's Cabinet
at the commencement of the late war, the
notice was of a eulogistic character. But I
will not now detain the House by reading that
portion of my remarks on that occasion. Xo
reference was mdde to Mr. Lanman personally,
although he chose to so regard it, for the simple
reason that I had then never seen the man;
nor have I since seen him, or had the slightest
personal acquaintance with him—so far as I
was concerned not caring whether he was
living or dead—until I had an opportunity of
meeting him in the room of the Committee
on Printing, in that interview to which I was
invited, and of which the chairman of tha^
committee [Mr. Laflix] has spoken.
Xow, what was the consequence of my oppo-
sition to this proposition two years ago when
it was before the House. This man Lanman
wrote letters to me, stating that he understood
I would be a candidate for a higher position
than that of Representative, (I have the letters
here now,) offering his services to assist me,
and stating that we could help each other. I
took no notice of his letters; and failing in
that he took to writing letters of a different
character. I took no notice of them. Then
there came out in the papers of this city a most
violent and scurrilous attack upon me. of which
I took no notice. Papers containing the attack
were inclosed to members of this House
among others to Mr. Dricgs, of Michigan, who,
with other friends, brought them to my notice.
I paid 110 regard to them whatever. Time wore
on. Then there came to me from various parts
of the country this last year, when I was a can-
didate for a higher position to represent my
State in the other branch of Congress 
Mr. GRIXXELL. Do you call that a higher
position?
Mr. SCHEXCK. Call it higher or lower,
as you please; it is a position to which I was
not elected. There came to me from various
parts of the country copies of a still more vir-
ulent attack upon me, published in a copper-
head paper in Bridgeport, Connecticut, the
authorship of which, or the responsibility for
which—I believe Mr. Lanman only admitted
the authorship of one paragraph or so of the
article—but the responsibility for the whole
article Mr. Lanman admitted in this interview
with the committee to which reference has
been made. In that scurrilous attack was
repeated the substance of the article which
had been published in Washington two years
before; and there was added to it every stale
slander about myself, every lie almost that
had ever been told in regard to my career. It
was accompanied with such articles as one
which I hold in my hand, these articles being
mailed from New York, Philadelphia, and
Cincinnati, and reaching me all about the
same time. They contained, for instance,
something of this sort, which I read from one
of the originals:
"It may gratify Mr. Schenck to know that in reply
to his speech against Air. Lanman at least one hun-
dred thousand copies of tho inclosed editorial from
a Connecticut paper will be circulated throughout
the country. Others from the pen of Mr. Lanman
himself aro also in pickle, and will go more fully into
particulars, giving abundant proof of every asser-
tion."
If the House had a taste for garbage, I might
have one of these attacks upon me read. They
are, however, here on my table, and may be
examined by any gentleman who is curious in
this sort of literature. The substance of the
whole matter is that, for having made a speech
against the purchase of this book from some
man whom I did not know, I have been assailed
and vilified by the fellow ever since. I am not
aione in this respect. The gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Beaman] received a letter threat-
ening him for having moved on one occasion
to lay on the table a resolution for the pur-
| chase of this book. If the gentlemen will let
the House have the benefit of that letter, I will
yield for the purpose of having it read as a
specimen of the manner in which members
are held to account for daring to attempt to
economize in matters of this sort.
Mr. BEAMAN. Mr. Speaker, it was not
my fortune or misfortune, as the case may be,
to make any speech against Mr. Lanman or his
book. But members of the House will recol-
lect that during the last session of Congress
there was introduced here aresolution similar,
I suppose, to the one now under consideration,
which I have not heard read. At that time I
made a motion to lay the resolution on the
table. I knew nothing, or at least, very little
of Mr. Lanman, and had no acquaintance with
him whatever. I made the motion because I
deemed this book, if not an entirely useless
publication, one not proper to be published
by order of this House. A few days after the
resolution was laid on the table, 1 received a
letter which I send to the Clerk's desk to be
read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Georgetown, D. C., June 4,1866.
Sir : Some time ago, when, without my knowledge,
Hon. Mr. Hart offered a resolution for printing the
new edition of my Dictionary of Congress, you were
tho member who stepped forth to prevent even the
reception of said resolution. That blow from you was
unexpected, and I write this simply to say that your
unkind treatment of me is appreciated. Tho time
may come when you will regret this petty investment
of your temporary power. Your right to dislike mo
as a man, and to vote against my Dictionary, Ido not
Question; but I did not expect that I should find a
personal enemy in tho person of a Representative
from my native State; a man, moreover, for whom I
havo always entertained the kindest feelings, and
one whom I had supposed to be ever actuated by the
ordinary teachings of Christianity. You have not
treated me as you would have wished to be treated
under similar circumstances.
Respectlully, your obedient servant,
CHARLES LANMAN.
Hon. F. C. Beaman, ,tc.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I could talk
for an hour on this subject, stating, if it were
proper or desirable, many very curious matters
in connection with it. I have here a great
many letters which I took the precaution to
preserve after I found the course which this
man was pursuing. I had forgotten that I had
ever written a letter to Mr. Lanman ; but it
seems that being eight or nine years ago in
New York, where my business called me in
company with another member of Congress, I
received from Mr. Lanman a circular propos-
ing to publish my biography. I suppose there
is no gentleman here who has not received
; many such circulars.
j Mr. HILL. I would inquire of the gentle-
! man whether the biography was to be written,
like certain biographies mentioned by Lord
Byron, on either side, as might be desired?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know about that.
I learned he had in his possession something
of that sort. I knew from what source it had
come. I knew a friend of mine had been pres-
ent when I received a circular of that kind
j the year preceding, and had afterward re-
turned to me—he I think himself had received
! a letter, Lanman knowing,his intimacy with
me—asked some data about my birth, mar-
, riage, &c., and I gave them to him. When
I Lanman sent his circular to me again, finding
i he had received a biography, and apprehensive
that the same had been furnished by this too
partial friend of mine, which I would not care
to see spread out in the form of an eulogistic
notice, the form it would take, I wrote to Lan-"
man if in possession of anything of that kind I
trusted he would not publish it until I had an
opportunity of seeing it, because as I knew a
partial friend might make an eulogistic notice, I
should prefer as a matter of good taste not to
see it in print. This was about the amount of
my communication to him, except the addi-
tion that he might call and see me at Wash-
ington, where I expected to be after a few days
from that time.
The biography, sir, I have never seen.
Whether it is a good one or not I cannot tell.
I trust it is if it shall ever see the light. Upon
this he put into these publications that I was
slandering him all over the country and attack-
ing him personally, because I had furnished
him with a long eulogistic notice of myself and
was angry at him because he would not publish
it without abridgment, which I demanded he
should do. It was directly the reverse; and
as my colleague [Mr. Clarke] on that com-
mittee as well as the chairman of the com-
mittee, who has just spoken, and the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Latham] will remember,
when he came to produce it the only letter he
had, and the writing of which I had forgotten
myself, I admit, so far from sustaining it, con-
tradicted the charge he had made in every
particular.
Now, then, why do I refer to this? Simply
for the purpose of explaining why it is this
man undertakes to make capital for himself
on the gronnd of persecution, when the fact
is he has been attempting to bully and follow
with scurrilous abuse any one who, upon prin-
ciples of public economy, chose to object to
this publication of his dictionary? Whether
he abuses me or not is of no consequence to
this House or to the country; whether any-
thing he has said is true of me or any one else
is of no consequence to me or to the country;
but this whole matter only tends to show how
he is attempting to operate upon and enlist the
sympathies of others. And, sir, I am glad this
opportunity has been given in order once for
all that this matter may be made fully apparent
to the public.
I will not dwell upon this; but I repeat again
my opposition to this book is on just the ground
