1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1103
and support. My theory is that the military
force ought to follow the civil authority and not
lead it, not take its place, not supersede it.
This has always been the theory of our Gov-
ernment. Recollect the case of the Territory
of Kansas. I remind gentlemen here, many
of whom were at that time more prominently
connected with public affairs than myself, that
during the disturbances in that Territory, when
life, liberty, and property were not worth a
pin's purchase, when every thing was in chaos,
when anarchy prevailed from one end of the
Territory to the other, martial law was never
proclaimed, the privilege of the writ of habeas
corpus was never suspended. The military
were sent there; a government was recognized
as entitled to make laws for the Territory, and
the Army was called on to support it. Now,
sir, I say that the same principle precisely ap-
plies in this case.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Mr. Speaker, if the
gentleman will allow me——
Mr. RAYMOND. 1 do not wish to be in-
terrupted. I cannot consent to fritter away
my limited time in colloquies. After I get
through the gentleman can have an opportunity,
if the House consents, to answer anything I
may say. I know how eager gentlemen often
feel to answer on the spot; but I submit to my
colleague that it is not a violation of courtesy
if I decline to permit him thus to interrupt me.
Now, I say that the proper course for this
Congress to take is to establish in the southern
States some government which will meet its
ideas of justice and of right, and then send
just as many troops as may be necessary to
maintain the authority of that government and
to enforce the laws it may enact. What form
of government that shall be I will not now
attcmptto decide. I can imagine a great many
forms that would be far preferable to the re-
source now proposed. I would prefer greatly
the bill introduced the other day by the honor-
able member from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] which proposes that the people of each
of those States shall organize new governments
for themselves. When Congress has decided
upon such a course as that, then I say send the
Army there if necessary to support that gov-
ernment. I would greatly prefer to this bill
the organization of territorial governments for
those southern States, because then we would
have at least an organized civil authority from
which laws and regulations might emanate.
I do not enter upon any of the disputed ques-
tions which the institution of sucli governments
might raise. Upon some points I should have
doubts as to our power and as to the propriety
of the specific measures proposed. But 1 say
that either of those measures is far preferable
to the one which we are now called upon to
adopt. I would even prefer that this Congress,
if it be deemed necessary, should appoint civil
commissioners for each State. Name them in
the bill if you are not willing to trust the nam-
ing of them to the chief Executive. Let those
commissioners organize tribunals of some sort,
and then let the Army support their decrees.
What I insist upon as fundamental, unless we
are to abandon all pretense of self-government
and republican institutions, is that we shall not
clothe subaltern officers of the Army with the
unrestricted power of life and death, with ab-
solute authority over the liberties and the prop-
erty of our fellow-citizens.
It is not in harmony with our institutions.
It is not a precedent that we should be willing
to establish. It is not such a precedent as will
secure respect for this nation and for this Gov-
ernment anywhere oil the face of the earth.
Will it aid the cause of democratic Govern-
mentto exhibit thisgreat Republic—this model,
as we have sought to make it, of what every
republic should be—abandoning all the func-
tions of civil government, abrogating every
thing like civil authority over one third of our
domain and one third of our people, and for
very imbecility and inability to agree upon
any measure handing over the control of this
section and these people to the absolute and
sovereign will of a brigadier general in the reg-
ular Army? Will that aid the cause of free
republican government anywhere on the face
of_the earth? It is the last resort of a decayed
and dying republic. If we have no better re-
source than this, we may as well do at once what
this would seem to be a preliminary step for
doing: invite the regular Army to take control
of the whole country, install itself here in the
capital as the central,-sovereign power, and
make such laws and issue such decrees as it'
may see fit. •
Now, sir, these are the leading objections
which occur to me to the bill now proposed.
I could mention many others if I were to trace
in detail what I think will be the operation of
such a system as that now attempted to be in-
augurated. I could point out many respects
in which I think the bill would do far more
evil than good. I see in it nothing which
tends in the slightest degree to the restora-
tion of peace and harmony in the Union or to
strengthen confidence among the people or a
hope that we shall ever again have a free
republican Government, emanating from the
people and protecting the rights of the people
upon this continent. The enactment of such
a bill as this, the establishment of such a rule
as that which is here proposed, will disturb
business confidence everywhere. It will hold
back men who are now looking forward to
engaging in their usual avocations of life. It
will keep capital from the southern States ; it
will chcck the flow of emigration thither. Men
will not seek homes and cast their fortunes
where the absolute will of a brigadier general
is the only security they have for either.
My colleague [Mr. Hotchkiss] says a bill
was introduced the other day by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, which was referred
to the Committee on Reconstruction, and he
drew the conclusion that it was so referred in
order that nothing might be done on the sub-
ject. On the contrary, it was so referred that
it might be digested and put into shape so as
to command greater support than it was likely
to do as it stood. It was the intention of the
House in sending it to that committee to per-
fect it and not to suppress it. If that com-
mittee cannot agree upon the details of any
bill of reconstruction it is time we had a com-
mittee that can. We seem to sit down helpless
and hopeless under the inability of that com-
mittee to do what it was created for the ex-
press purpose of doing ; and because they can
devise nothing of a civil nature adequate to the
emergency it is urged wo must fly to the most
violent measure the ingenuity of man could
devise.
Let me remind gentlemen that this has been
the history of popular Governments every-
where, the reason of their downfall, their
decadence and death. Difficulties occur in
carrying out the principles of justice and
liberty embodied in their constitution. Fac-
tions arise, each of which is more intent upon
carrying out its own purposes than it is upon
promoting the common good. Instead of try-
ing to agree they try only to thwart and defeat
each other, and finally in sheer desperation,
and in order that neither may achieve a tri-
umph over the other, by a common impulse
they call in the Army and hand over to a com-
manding general the power they have found
themselves unable to wield.
Now, sir, before sitting down I wish to make
a single remark in reply to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thayer,] who charged the
Presidentwith usurpation in the southern States
and with having entered into secret negotiation
with the leaders of the rebellion as to a basis
of reconstruction. I confess I have seen no
evidence of an attempt at such negotiation. I
have seen a plan presented in one branch of
Congress with the suggestion in the public
prints that the southern States might be in-
clined upon that basis to accede to the amend-
ment to the Constitution adopted at the last
session of Congress as a basis of reconstruc-
tion. I do not know what connection the
President may have had with this programme.
I am quite sure be could not have attempted
anything in the form of a negotiation or be-
yond using his personal influence witli the men
in the southern States with whom he may be
supposed to have influence in its support. The
programme put before the country proposes in
substance that the southern States shall adopt
the constitutional amendment striking out the
disability clause, but as an offset to that put-
ting in their State constitutions a provision for
impartial suffrage.
I am not prepared to say that this plan shall
be adopted, but I have no hesitation in saying
that it is one worthy of more consideration
from those who really desire impartial suffrage
than some of them seem inclined to give it. It
is too important, too grave in its character, too
promising in the prospect it holds out to be
dismissed with a sneer at its origin, real or
assumed. I see no reason why we may not
secure by law, by a law which we may enact,
all the real good which the disabling clause of
the proposed constitutional amendment con-
tains, and if then we can secure so great a
boon as impartial suffrage in the southern
States, I have yet to hear of any valid ground
on which such a proposition can be opposed.
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman before
he takes his seat permit a question?
Mr. RAYMOND. I will.
Mr. THAYER. I ask the gentleman whether
in his opinion the President has any constitu-
tional authority to interpose the weight of his
official influence to prevent the effective opera-
tion of the legislation of Congress or to dis-
suade the southern States from accepting the
proposition made by Congress.
Mr. RAYMOND. His official influence;
certainly not.
Mr. THAYER. Then he must agree with
me that in so doing the President has violated
his official duty.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Speaker, I should
wish before I pronounced an assent or dissent
upon that judgment to have some satisfactory
proof of the fact that he has done so. I do not
know that he has, and I certainly see nothing
in the paragraphs lately published in the papers
—to which I suppose the gentleman alludes—
which connects him with such action in any
other way than possibly this : that he may have
expressed his personal opinion that it would
not be just for the southern States to accept
the constitutional amendment. Is that an im-
peachable offense ? I take it he is not deprived
by the Constitution of his right to express his
opinions as an individual citizen on any and
all subjects that may come before him. As to
the exercise of any power he has by virtue of his
office to defeat the action of Congress that is
entirely another matter. I am. not aware that
he has done anything of the kind. But I am
looking to the future rather than the past, and
if we can now see any prospect of securing,
through the President's aid or otherwise, the
assent of the southern States to the terms we
have laid before them, with the addition of
impartial suffrage, our duty to ourselves and
our country demands that we shall not lightly
throw it away. But I will not pursue the dis-
cussion any further as I have promised to yield
to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
a portion of my time.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, in the short
time allowed me I can say but very little. But
I want to call the attention of the House to two
or three points which, in my judgment, stand
out prominently, and which should control our
action upon this measure.
And first, I call attention to the fact that from
the collapse of the rebellion to the present hour
the Congress of the United States has under-
taken to restore the States lately in rebellion
by cooperation with their people, and that our
efforts in that direction have proved a complete
and disastrous failure. We commenced, sir,
by waiving nine tenths of all the powers we had
over these people under the influence of mercy.
It was clearly the right of the victorious Gov-
ernment to indict, try, convict, and hang every
rebel traitor in the South for their bloody con-
spiracy against the Republic.
