1104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February &,
In accordance with a law passed by the First
Congress that met under the Constitution, and
approved by Washington, we might have pun-
ished with death by hanging every rebel of the
South. We might have confiscated the last
dollar of the last rebel to aid in paying the cost
of the war. Or adopting a more mcrciful
policy, we might have declared that no man
who voluntarily went into the rebellion should
ever again enjoy the rights of a citizen of the
United States. They had forfeited every right
of citizenship by becoming traitors and public
enemies. What the conquering sovereign
•would do with them was for Congress to de-
clare.
Now, with all these powers in its hands Con-
gress declared that it would do nothing for
vengeance,but everything for liberty and safety.
The representatives of the nation said to the
people of the South, join with us in giving lib-
erty and justice to that race which you have so
long outraged, make it safe for free loyal men
to live among you, bow to the authority of our
common country, and we will forgive the car-
nage, the desolation, the losses, and the unutter-
able woes you have brought upon the nation,
and you shall come back to your places in the
Union with no other personal disability than
this: that your leaders shall not again rule us
except by the consent of two thirds of both
Houses of Congress. That was the proposition
which this Congress submitted during its last
session; and 1 am hero to affirm to-day that so
magnanimous, so merciful a proposition has
never been submitted by a sovereignty to rebels
since the clay when God offered forgiveness to
the fallen sons of men.
The constitutional amendment did not come
up to the full height of the great occasion; it
did not meet all that. I desired in the way of
guarantees to liberty; but if the rebel States
had adopted it asTennesseo did, T should have
felt bound to let them in on the same terms
prescribed for Tennessee. I have also been in
tavor of waiting, to give them full time to de
liberate and act. They have deliberated; they
have acted. The last one of the sinful ten
has at last, with contempt and scorn, flung
back into our teeth the magnanimous offer of a
generous nation. It. is now our turn to act.
l'hey would not cooperate with us in rebuilding
what they destroyed. We must remove the
rubbish and rebuild from the bottom. Whether
they are willing or not wo must compel obe-
dience to the Union, and demand protection
for il'S humblest citizen wherever the flag floats.
Wc must so exert the power of the nation that
it shall be deemed both safe and honorable to
have been loyal in the midst of treason. Wo
must see to it that the frightful carnival of blood
nowraging in the South shall continue no longer.
We must make impossible for the humblest
citizen of the United States—from whatever
State he may come—to travel in safety from the
Ohio river to the Gulf. In short, we must plant
liberty on the ruins of slavery and establish law
and peace where anarchy and violence now
reign. I believe, sir, the time has come when
we must lay the heavy hand of military author-
ity upon these rebel communities, and hold
them in its grasp till their madness is past,
and until "clothed and in thoir right minds"
they come bowing to the authority of the Union,
and taking their places loyally in the family
circle of the States.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am aware that this is
a severe and stringent measure. I do not
hesitate to say that I give my assent to its
maiu features with many misgivings. 1 am
not unmindful of the grave suggestions of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Raymond]
in reference to the history of such legislation
in other countries and other ages. I remem-
ber, too, that upon the walls of Imperial Rome,
a Prastorian guard announced that the world
was for sale to the highest bidder, and that the
legions knocked down the imperial purple to
Nero, the highest bidder. I beg to remind the
gentleman that this is not a proposition to
commit the liberties of the Republic into the
hands of the military. It is a new article of
war commanding the Army to return to its
work of putting down the rebellion—by main-
taining the honor and keeping the peace of the
nation. If the officers of our Army should need
such a suggestion, let them remember that no
people on the face of the earth have shown
themselves so able to pull down their idols as
the American people. However much honored
and beloved a man may be, if the day ever
comes when he shows himself untrue to liberty
they will pluck him out of their very hearts and
trample him indignantly under their feet. We
have seen this in the military history of the
last five years, and in the political history of
the last campaign.
Now, we propose for a short time to assign
our Army to this duty for specific and benefi-
cent purposes, namely, to keep the peace until
wo can exercise the high functions enjoined
upon us in the Constitution, of giving to these
States republican governments, based upon the
will of the whole loyal people. The generals
of our Army enjoy in a wonderful degree the
confidence of the nation, but if for any cause
the most honored among them should-lay his
hands unlawfully upon the liberty of the hum-
blest citizen he would bo trampled under the
feet of millions of indignant freemen. We
are not, as some gentlemen seem to suppose,
stretching out helpless hands to the Army for
aid, but we are commanding them, as public
servants, to do this work in the interest of
liberty.
I have spoken only of the general purpose
of this bill. 1 now desire to say that I am not
satisfied with the manner in which it is pro-
posed to pass it through this House. I demand
that it be opened for amendment as well as
discussion. I will not consent that any one
man or committee in this House shall frame a
bill of this importance and compel me to vote
for or against it without ail opportunity to sug-
gest amendments to its provisions. However
unimportant my own opinions may be, other
men shall not do my thinking for me. There
are some words which I want stricken out of
this bill and some limitations I want added.
I at least shall ask that they be considered. I
trust the gentleman who has the bill in charge
will allow a full trial of proposals for change,
aud that the bill, properly guarded, mt\y be-
come a law.
The S Pii AKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] gave notico that lie
would call the previous question at one o'clock.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I have
allowed the hour which I indicated for the
close of this debate to pass because there were
several gentlemen who wished to speak. It is
now so late that unless the House orders the
previous question now it will be impossible to
reach a vote to-day. We have but eight days
this side of a veto in which to pass this bill. I
feel it, therefore, to be my duty to call the pre-
vious question now, and then there will be an
additional hour for debate.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded.
Mr. BANKS. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me to make a remark?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. BANKS. I would not oppose a vote
upon this question now if I did not think that
there is an opportunity to do more toward a
settlement of the difficulties in which the
country is involved at this time. I believe
that a day or two devoted to a discussion of
this subject of the reconstruction of the Govern-
ment will bring us to a solution, in which the
two Houses of Congress will agree, in which
the people of this country will sustain us, and
in which the President of the United States
will give us his support. And if we should
agree to a measure satisfactory to ourselves,
and in which we should be sustained by the
people, and the President should resist it, then
we shall be justified in dropping the subject of
reconstruction and considering the condition
of the country in a different sense. I ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania" to devote a day
or two to the discussion of this question of the
reconstruction and existence of the Govern-
ment so as to bring this subject to this issue
before the people of the country, whether we
can act with the President in the measures
necessary for the peace and prosperity of the
country, or be compelled to consider the con-
dition of the country in a different sense and
in a different way. I hope he will allow that
or else that the House will not sustain the pre-
vious question.
Mr. KLDRrlDGE. I desire to make an appeal
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania on another
ground than that of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. There are several gentlemen upon
this side of the House who desire to put them-
selves upon the record upon this great and
important measure. They expect, however,
that the decree has gone forth that this bill is
to pass the House ; and it is for that reason,
because this is the only opportunity they can
have to place themselves before the country in
the attitude in which they desire to be placed,
that they ask but little time for the discussion
of this measure. They know that it is to be
forced upon the country by the immense power
of the majority hejre, and they ask but the
poor privilege of entering their protest on the
record. I hope the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania will not refuse this small boon, but will
give the gentlemen upon this side of the House
an opportunity of expressing their opinions.
Mr. STEVENS. I have not the advantage
of the secret negotiations which the distin-
guished gentleman from Massachusetts £Mr.
Banks] has, and from which he seems to ex-
pect such perfect harmony between the Pres-
ident and the Congress of the United States
within a few days. If I had that advantage
I do not know what effect it might have upon
me. Not having it, I cannot of course act
upon it.
I should be very glad to give more time for
discussion to the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Eldridge] and others, but I believe that
wo have already occupied three or four weeks
in discussing this question.
The gentleman says the decree has gone forth
that this bill is to pass. I do not know that.
Mr. EIjDRIDGE. I only supposed so.
Mr. STEVENS. I have seen enough in this
House, and have heretofore noted its demorali-
zation, to doubt if there is enough of the spirit
of the party that sent us here to carry out the
will of the people and perfect the legislation
they expected from us. I have, therefore, no
sanguine hope that this bill is to be forced upon
the country or upon the gentleman. There
arc words and letters in this bill from the first
letter of the alphabet to the final one to which
some of my friends object and carp at.
I am quite sure, as I was when the last bill
upon reconstruction was before this House, that
its recommitment to the committee would be to
send it to its grave. That was a civil bill, pro-
posing civil governments. It was objection-
able, I know not why, for no amendments
were proposed, except those of the gentleman
from Ohio, which were withdrawn; but the
bill itself was objectionable to a very large
number of gentlemen, and it was sent to the
tomb of the Capulets. We have, attempted
now to provide something that will give pro-
tection to the people of the southern States
and prevent the murders, robberies, and slavery
there, until we can have time to frame civil
government more in conformity with the genius
of our institutions.
I know not whether it is the desire of this
House to pass any such hill or whether they
prefer to disperse and go home and leave the
President triumphant. I am quite sure that
much of the opposition on both sides of this
House comes from a modification of views
coinciding with the President, and that his
arguments have convinced many gentlemen .
that his theory is the true' one. I have yet to
learn to what extent this has prevailed, p,nd
after the previous question has been voted
upon I shall be more satisfied whether it is
worth while to proceed further in this attempt
by Congress to resist the power of the Presi-
