1780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that in all cases where a national bank has
paid, or may pay, in excess of what may be or
has been found due from the bank on account
of the duty required to be paid to the Treas-
urer of the United States, the bank so having
paid or paying such excess of duty may state
an account therefor, which, on being certified
by the- Treasurer of the United States and
Found correct by the First Comptroller of the
Treasury, shall be refunded in the ordinary
manner by warrant on the Treasury.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I can
State in a very few words the object of this
joint resolution.
Several Members. It is all right.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Then I
will not take up the time of the House by
making any statement.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire merely to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper]
whether any law has been passed in relation to
taxing the stock of national banks? As the
law has been they have been taxed where
located.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. This
joint resolution has nothing to do with that
subject.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the gentleman accept
an amendment, to change that?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. That
would kill the joint resolution.
Mr. BAXTER. I must object to any amend-
ment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. A tax
was illegally demanded of the national banks.
Some of them paid the tax, others protested
against it and refused to pay it. The case was
tried, and it was decided by the courts that the
tax had been illegally demanded. This joint
resolution is merely to allow the Treasury
Department to pay back to the banks the tax
which they paid when the demand was made,
and place them in the same position with the
others that refused to pay the tax.
Mr. GARFIELD. Is there any law now
under which, in circumstances like those sug-
gested by this joint resolution, those banks can
get refunded to them the money they have
paid ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. There is
not. I was requested last year by the Treas-
urer of the United States to introduce a similar
provision into the bank bill. I did so, and it
stands there in the precise words in which the
Treasurer gave it to me, and in a form which
the House adopted upon my explanation.
_ The joint resolution was then read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was passed; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be lind on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from tue senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Bl-rch,
'one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment a bill of the
House No. 8G5, granting lands to aid in the
construction of a railroad from the city of
Stockton to the towu of Copperopolis, in the
•State of California.
The message further announced that the
Senate had disagreed to the amendments of
the House to the joint resolution of the Senate
!N o. 113, to facilitate the settlement of accounts
of disbursing officers.
joshua h. butter worth.
The House resumed the consideration of
business upon the Speaker's table, the next
business being Senate bill No. 620, for the
relief of Joshua H. Butterworth; which was
read a first and second time.Y
Mr. CHANLER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Patents to ask that this bill be
put upon its passage.
The bill was read at length. It authorizes
the Commissioner of Patents to proceed upon,
determine, and decide the application of Joshua
II. Butterworth, for an extension of his patent
for an improvement in safe and bank locks, the
same as though the patent had not been ex-
tended once already; and the Commissioner
is to examine the application and decide upon
it on the same evidence and in the same man-
ner as in other cases where extensions of
patents are applied for, and without regard to
the time when the application is made.
Mr. PRICE. I would like to put a question
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Citan'-
leh,] who seems to have charge of this bill.
Mr. CHANLER. I will yield for a ques-
tion.
Mr. PRICE. I wish to ask whether this is
not the second extension of this patent.
Mr. CHANLER. It is.
Mr. PRICE. Ithoughtso. Thatisenough.
Mr. CHANLER. The facts of this case are
stated in the report made by the Senate com-
mittee. By the reading of that report gentle-
men will see that this is a very meritorious
case. I ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read as follows:
The Committee on Patents and the Patent Office
having duly considered the petition of Joshua II.
Butterworth, praying an extension of his patont for
bank and safe locks, beg leave to report:
That letters-patent for the improvement aforesaid
were issued on 11th April, 1846, and that an extension
thereof was granted lrom the 11th April, I860, to the
11th April, 1SG7. They further report that there is
satisfactory evidence that from the time of the issu-
ing of tho original letters-patent the patentee has
used reasonable diligence to introduco his improve-
ment into public use, but that, from infringements
upon the improvement, and other circumstances be-
yond his control, the true value of the improvement
has but recently become appreciated by tho public,
and consequently ho has failed to receive any ade-
quate remuneration. Indeed, it appears that the
expenditures of the petitioner has exceeded his re-
ceipts.
It also appears that the improvement is novel and
is now regarded as useful.
Tho committee, therefore, considering that the im-
provement is novel in its character, is a useful inven-
tion. and that the petitioner, without fault or laclies
on his part, has failed to receive any remuneration for
his invention, think that he is entitled to the relief
he asks; and they report a bill accordingly.
Mr. CHANLER. The facts as stated in
this report have been confirmed by the inves-
tigation of the House committee, and I cim
authorized to present the bill to the considera-
tion of the House.
This patent is for a lock which is now used
in the Treasury Department of the United
States as being the best lock yet invented for
the protection of bank safes, <tc. But as the
banking community are naturally slowin yield-
ing their confidence to anything of this kind,
the patentee has been unable thus far to re-
munerate himself for the great expense to
which he has been subjected in bringing his
invention into use. The lock is composed of
a system of plates and wheels in combination,
which are capable of adjustment in such a way
by the owner of the safe that none but himself
can open it. The lock has noijey. The mer-
its of this lock are known to many gentlemen
on this floor. My colleague, [Mr. Dodge,] well
known as a banker in the city of New York,
has personal knowledge of the merits of this
invention, and can give the House any further
information which may be desired. I now
yield to him.
Mr. DODGE. Mr. Speaker, I will simply
say that having known the inventor of this
lock for the past twenty years, I know that he
has been and still is a poor struggling man,
who after the labor of years is just succeeding
in bringing his invention into remunerative
use. I believe that this bill is perfectly just,
and onght to be passed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I under-
stood the gentleman from Isew York to say
that this lock is used in the Treasury Depart-
ment and is considered very safe. I want to
advise the gentleman to recall that remark, for
if he does not do so he cannot succeed in get-
ting this bill through the House.
Mr. CHANLER. I should be glad to do
anything to accommodate the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield,] who seems to
be the special guardian of the Treasury.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I only suggest to the gen-
tleman that, in view of the prodigal spirit
manifested by the appropriations made here,
this House will never indorse anything that is
calculated to keep money in the Treasury.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CHANLER. I spoke only of the mech-
anism of the lock. I do not profess to be con-
versant with Treasury matters.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I hope the
gentleman will i\ot call the previous question.
Mr. CHANLER. I am solicited by gentle-
men all about me to call the previous question.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I desire to
debate the bill.
Mr. CHANLER. Members are desirous and
anxious to reach other matters on the Speaker's
table. I therefore demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. CHANLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
boston post office, etc.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 176, relative
to the post office and sub-Treasury at the city
of Boston ; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. ALLEY. I move that the joint resolu-
tion be put upon its passage.
The joint resolution provides that the mayor
and postmaster of the city of Boston, the As-
sistant Treasurer of the United States at the
city of Boston, the president of the Board of
Trade of the city of Boston, Alpheus Hardy,
Daniel Davis, and John A. Andrew, of said
city, be appointed a commission to select a
proper site for a building for a post office, and
for the accommodation of the sub-Treasury in
the city of Boston ; and that they report to the
Postmaster General and the Secretary of the
Treasury at their earliest convenience the selec-
tion upon which they, or a majority of them,
may agree, and the price at which said site can
be purchased by the Government for the ser-
vice contemplated in this resolution. If anew
site be selected, and if said report meets the
approval of the Postmaster General and the
Secretary of the Treasury, they shall commu-
nicate the same, with such additional sugges-
tions as they may think proper, to Congress.
Mr. ALLEY. Unless some member desires
to put a question on the subject I move that
the resolution be put upon its passage.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts a question. That
resolution provides for the selection of a site
foj a post office and sub-Treasury at Boston.
I believe a week ago we passed a similar "reso-
lution in regard to the city of New York. They
have. I understand, construed the law we passed
in reference to that city as authorizing this
commission to go on and purchase the post
office site, and they are now examining plans
and employing architects and other persons for
the purpose of carrying on the work.
Mr. ALLEY. The gentleman is entirely mis-
taken in regard to the object of this resolution.
Mr. ROSS. What is to be the expense?
Mr. ALLEY. There is no expense about it.
Mr. BERGEN. I simply wish to inquire,
since the House refused a few days ago to
make an appropriation for a post office for the
city of Brooklyn with twice as many inhabit-
ants as Boston, why should we pass this joint
resolution for Boston?
Mr. ALLEY. Probably if it were the same
thing as that for Brooklyn I would not ask it
to be passed. This contains no appropriation,
but simply makes provision for the necessary
preliminary inquiry. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered : and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was passed.
