1867.
tm 0®M KiSSIOFAL GLOBE.
Ml
for lack of that protection which theGo vein Blent wa^
unable to afford; and whereas the restoration of our
commerce is of great national importance and essen-
tial to the maintenance of our position a&a first-class
Power: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee of "Ways and Means
be. and they are hereby, instructed to inquire into
the expediency of allowing a drawback on all duties
and taxes upon all articles used in the construction
of steam and sailing vessels.
PORT 0® CRESCENT CITY.
Mr. BID WELL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the.following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
directed to inquire into the expediency of constructing
a breakwater at the port of Crescent City, California,
and report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. BIDWELL. I have a memorial on this
subject, and I move that it be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
ELECTION IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to offer the following
resolution:
Whereas differences of opinion are manifested
upon the subject of universal suffrage: and whereas
it has been legalized only in the Districtof Columbia,
and must be tested there if anywhere: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of
Columbia be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of providing by law for an immediate election
of all officers in said District.
,Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object.
ENROLLED BILL AND RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found duly enrolled an act (S. No.
459) suspending the payment of moneys from
the Treasury as compensation to persons claim-
ing the service or labor of colored volunteers
Or drafted men, and for other purposes; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 154) to provide
for the exhibition of the cereal productions of
the United States at the Paris Exposition in
April next; when the Speaker signed the same.
JOHN B. COTHRAN.
Mr. STOKES. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a bill for the
relief of John B. Cothran, for the purpose of
putting it upon its passage.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
MURDER OF UNION SOLDIERS.
Mr. ARNELL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the committee appointed by this
House to investigate into the facts and circumstances
of the murder of Union soldiers in South Carolina,
be instructed further to investigate into all the facts
and circumstances connected with the murder of a
United States soldier named Crego, at Nashville,
Tennessee, in December last; also to investigate into
all the facts and circumstances connected with the
murder of Frank Erickson, a Union soldier at Som-
erville, Tennessee, in December last, and to report to
this House.
WILLIAM M. ELLIS AND BROTHER.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, byunan-
imous consent, introduced a bill to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to examine and
settle the claim of William M. Ellis & Brother;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
JOHN B. COTHRAN.
Mr. STOlvES. I ask that the bill for the
relief of John B. Cothran, of Tennessee, to
which objection was made by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,] be re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I have
no objection to that.
The bill was accordingly received, read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
SUFFRAGE IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. WASIiBURNE, of Illinois. I must
now insist upon the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Constitution of the
United States requires the Senate and House
of Representatives to proceed at onco to the
reconsideration of a bill returned with the ob-
jections of the President, thereto. The Chaw
asks leave to lay before the House a message
from the Senate.
No objection was made.
The Clerk read as follows :
k Is Sexats op the United States,
January 7,1S67.
The President of theTTnited States havingreturned
to the Senate, in which it originated, the bill entitled
"An aet to regulate the elective franchise in the Dis-
trict of Colombia," with his objections thereto, the
Senate proceeded, in pursuance of the Constitution,
to reconsider the same; and
Resolved, That thesaid bill do pass, two thirds of
the Senate agreeing to pass the same.
Attest: J. W. FORNEY,
Secretary of the Smote.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask that the message
of the President, accompanying the message
from the Senate, be now read.
The message was read, as follows:
To the Senate of the United States
I have received and considered a bill entitled
"An act to regulate the elective franchise in
the District of Columbia," passed by the Sen-
ate on the 13th of December, and by the Honse
of Representatives on the succeeding day. It
was presented for my approval on the 26th
ultimo—six days after the adjournment of Con-
gress—and is now returned with my objections
to the Senate, in which House it originated.
Measures having been introduced, at the
commencement of the first session of the pres-
ent Congress, for the extension of the elective
franchise to persons of color, in the District of
Columbia; steps were taken by the corporate
authorities of Washington and Georgetown to '
ascertain and make known the opinion of the
people of the two cities upon a subject so im-
mediately affecting their welfare as a commu-
nity. The question was submitted to the peo-
ple at special elections, held in the month of
December, 1865, when the qualified voters
of Washington and Georgetown, with great
unanimity of sentiment, expressed themselves
opposed to the contemplated legislation. - In
Washington, in a vote of ,6,556—the largest,
with but two exceptions, ever polled in that
city—only 32 ballots were cast for negro suf-
frage ; while in Georgetown, in an aggregate
of 813 votes—a number considerably in excess
of the average vote at the four preceding an-
nual elections—but 1 was given in favor of
the proposed extension of the elective fran-
chise. As these elections seem to have been
conducted with entire fairness, the result must
be accepted as a truthful expression of the
opinion of the people of the District upon the
question which evoked it. Possessing, as an
organized community, the same popular right
as the inhabitants of a State or Territory to
make known their will upon matters which
affect their social and political condition, they
could'-have selected no more appropriate mode
of memorializing Congress upon the subject of
this bill than through the suffrages of their
qualified voters.
Entirely disregarding the wishes of the peo-
ple of the District of Columbia, Congress has
deemed it right and expedient to pass the
measure now submitted for my signature. It
therefore becomes the duty of the Executive,
standing between the legislation of the one
and the will of the other, fairly expressed, to
determine whether he should approve the bill,
and thus aid in placing upon the statute-books
of the nation a law against which the people
to whom it is to apply have solemnly and with
such unanimity protested, or whether he should
return it with his objections, in the hope that,
upon reconsideration, Congress, acting as the
representatives of the inhabitants of the seat
of Government, will permit them to regulate
a purely local question as to them may seem
best suited to their interests and condition.
The District of Columbia was ceded to the
United States by Maryland and Virginia, in
order that it might become the permanent seat
of Government of the United States. Ac-
cepted by Congress, it at once became subject
to the ''exclusive legislation" for which pro-
vision is made in the Federal Constitution.
It should be borne in mind, however, that in
exercising its functions as the law-making
power of the District of Columbia, the author-
ity of the national Legislature is not without
limit, but that Congress is boond to observe
the letter and spirit of the Constitution, as
well in the enactment of local laws for tire seat
of Government as in legislation - common to
the entire Union. Were it to be admitted
that the right "to exercise exclusive legisla-
tion in all eases whatsoever" conferred upon
Congress unlimited power within the District
of Columbia, bills of attainder and ex post
facto \a.ws might be passed and titles of no-
bility panted within its boundaries. Laws
might be made "respecting an establishment
of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise
thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech
or of the press; or the right of the people
peaceably to assemble and to petition the Gov-
ernment for a redress of grievances." "The
right of the people to be secure in their per-
sons, houses, papers, and effects, against un-
reasonable searches and seizures," might with
impunity be violated. The right of trial by
jury might be denied, excessive bail required,
excessive fines imposed, and cruel and unusual
punishments inflicted. Despotism would thus
reign at the seat of Government of a free Re-
public, and, as a place of permanent residence,
it would be avoided by all who prefer the
blessing of liberty to the mere emoluments
of official position.
It should also be remembered that in legis-
lating for the District of Columbia, under the
Federal Constitution, the relation of Congress
to its inhabitants is analogous to that of a
Legislature to the people of a State, under their
own local constitution. It does not. therefore,
seem to be asking too much that, in matters
Eertaining to the District, Congress should
ave a like respect for the will ana interests of
its inhabitants as is entertained by a State
Legislature for the wishes and prosperity of
those for whom they legislate. The spirit of
our Constitution and the genius of our Govern-
ment require that, in regard to any law which
is to affect and have a permanent bearing upon
a people, their will should exert at least a rea-
sonable influence uj>on those who are acting in
the capacity of their legislators. Would, for
instance, the Legislature of the State of New
York or of Pennsylvania or of Indiana or of
any State in the Union, in opposition to the
expressed will of a large majority of the peo-
ple whom they were chosen to represent,
arbitrarily force upon them, as voters, all per-
sons of the African or negro race, and make
them eligible for office, without any. other
qualification than a certain term of residence
within the State ? In neither of the States
named would the colored population, when
acting together, be able to produce any great •
social or political result. Yet, in New York,
before he can vote, the man of color mast fulfill
conditions that are not required of the white
citizen ; in Pennsylvania the clcctive franchise
is restricted to white freemen ; while in Indi-
ana negroes and mulattoes are expressly ex-
cluded from the right of suffrage. It hardly
seems consistent with the principles of right
and justice that representatives of States where
suffrage is either denied the colored man, or
granted to him on qualifications requiring in-
telligence or property, should compel the
people of the District of Columbia to try an
experiment which their own constituents have
thus far shown an unwillingness to test for
themselves. Nor does it accord with our
republican ideas that the principle of self-gov-
ernment should lose its force when applied to
the residents of the District merely beeause
their legislators are not, like those of the
States, responsible, through the ballot, to the
people for whom they are the law-making
power.
The great object of placing the seat of Gov-
ernment under the exclusive legislation of Cott-
gress was to secure the entire independence
of thfe General Government from undue State
influence, and to enable it to discharge, with-
out danger of interruption or infringement of
