1782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
March 2,
LAND DISTRICTS IN TERRITORIES.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to make a motion in
relation to the action of the House upon the
amendment of the Senate to the bill of the
House No. 746, for the organization of land
districts in the territories of Arizona, Idaho,
Utah, and Montana. The Senate have dis-
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference upon that subject. The amendment
of the Senate is to strike the territory of Utah
from the bill as it passed the House. When
it came back here I moved a non-concurrence
in the amendment of the Senate, and the ap-
pointment of a committee of conference. The
motion was agreed to, and the committee of
conference was appointed, which committee
restored Utah to its place in the bill. The
Senate have refused to agree to the report of
the committee of conference. I am satisfied
that Utah, in common with the other Terri-
tories, ought to have the benefit of the ma-
chinery of the land office. But I am not will-
ing that Montana should be made to suffer by
the refusal of the Senate to include Utah in
the provisions of the bill.
I therefore move that the committee of con-
ference be discharged, and that the House
Tecede from its disagreement to the amend-
- ment of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FRENCH EXPOSITION.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 164, supple-
mentary to other joint resolutions to enable the
people of the United States to participate in
the advantages of the Universal Exposition at
Paris in 1867; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. BANKS. I ask that the House proceed
to act on this joint resolution.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
is provided by the first resolution :
1. That the commission of the United States
at the Universal Exhibition, to be held at Paris
in the year 1867, shall consist of the com-
missioner general and honorary commissioner,
■whose appointment was approved by the joint
resolution of January 22, 1866 ; also of the
thirty commissioners, whose appointment was
provided for by the joint resolution of July 5,
18G6, and of twenty commissioners whose
appointment is hereinafter provided for.
2. That the commissioner general shall be
the president of the commission thus consti-
tuted, with a vote on all questions that may
arise.
3. That the commission shall meet at Paris
as early as possible before the opening ot' the
Exhibition, upon the call of the commissioner
general, and, when properly organized, shall
make such rules and regulations as may be
necessary for efficient action, with power to
elect a vice president from their own number,
who, "in the absence of the commissioner gen-
eral, shall preside at all meetings of the com-
mission, and to appoint committees and chair-
men of groups.
4. That the commission may designate addi-
tional persons, not exceeding twenty in number,
being citizens of the United States, known to
be skilled in any branch of industry or art,
who are hereby authorized to attend the Exhi-
bition in behalf of the United States, as hon-
orary commissioners.
5. That the commission may employ a sec-
retary and clerks for the commission, the
necessary scientific assistants and draftsmen,
and may engage suitable rooms for the com-
mission.
6. That no commissioner shall act as agent
for the show or sale of any article at the Exhi-
bition, or be interested, directly or indirectly,
in any profits from any such article.
The second resolution provides that there
shall be appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, as fol-
lows :
For additional freights from New York to
Havre, $15,000.
For transportation and freight from Havre
to Paris, $10,000.
For return freight of articles owned by the
United States or lent to the Government by
individuals, §10,000.
For marine and fire insurance on the arti-
cles thus lent, $3,000.
For additional steam-power at Paris, in the
j "palace" and the "annex," or supplemental
building, and in grounds adjacent, $10,000.
For the exhibition of machines, agricultural
and other, and for the erection of buildings to
illustrate the education and agriculture of the
United States, $15,000.
For the necessary expense of collecting,
classifying, labeling, and packing mineralog-
ical and metallurgical specimens, to complete
the exhibition of the mineral wealth of the
United States, $5,000.
For the necessary expense of laborers and
extra service in the offices at Paris and New
York, $5,000.
For the expenses of a secretary, clerks, sci-
entific assistants, and draftsmen, rooms, and
other incidental expenses of the commission,
$20,000.
The third resolution provides that it shall
be the duty of the general agent at New York,
and of the commissioner general at Paris, to
transmit to Congress, through the Department
of State, a detailed statement of the manner
in which the expenditures herein authorized
are made by them respectively.
Mr. BANKS. It is not my purpose to press
this resolution against the judgment of the
House.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. As this joint
resolution contains an appropriation, I make
the point of order that it must be first consid-
ered in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BANKS. I feel it is my duty to ask
the action of the House on this joint resolu-
tion. I will, therefore, move a suspension of
the rules, in order that it may be considered
in the House at this time. Before the vote is
taken, I ask the privilege of making a few
remarks *
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I object to
any debate on the motion to suspend the rules,
which is an undebatable motion.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would like to know the
total amount of the appropriations contained
in this bill, and also the aggregate sum which
we have appropriated heretofore for this Exhi-
bition.
Mr. BANKS. I move to suspend the rules;
and pending that motion I shall be glad, if
there be no objection, to make a statement of
facts. I shall not occupy more than three or
five minutes.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I shall not object if there
be allowed an opportunity to reply.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
five minutes will be allowed to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] and after-
ward five minutes to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Scofield.]
There was no objection.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I do not wish
to press the passage of this resolution in oppo-
sition to the general judgment of the House.
I feel it my duty to ask a vote on it; and in
order to avoid its being sent to the Committee
of the Whole, where it would not be reached,
I have moved a suspension of the rules.
Mr. Speaker, at an earlier period of this ses
sion the sum of $156,000 in paper was appro-
priated for this object. The appropriations
embraced in the bill just read amount to
$93,000; so that if this bill should be passed
the aggregate appropriation for this purpose
will be $249,000. The necessity for this addi-
tional appropriation arises from the fact that
the provision adopted by the House for the
transportation of the industrial products of the
country in public vessels was disagreed to by
the Senate, under the representations of the
Navy Department. All freight, therefore, has
to be paid in money. Another reason is that
the contributions for the Exhibition from dif-
ferent parts of the country have been much
larger than they were expected to be. A still
further reason for this additional appropriation
is the fact that there has been so much delay
in consummating the passage of this measure
that it is now necessary to use steamers in-
stead of sailing-vessels for the purpose of
transportation. Two sailing-vessels have been
freighted and sent abroad with our products.
A steamer is now loading at New York for the
same purpose. A large portion of the freights
arc at Havre and New York. The western
portion of the country has thus far been least
represented. The agent of the State of New
York, who is very earnest for the passage of
this resolution, stated to me when he was here
a few days since that the representation of
western life — of the educational establish-
ments, the cereal and agricultural products of
the West and Southwest, contributed by Wis-
consin, Minnesota, Nebraska, Iowa, Illinois,
Indiana, Missouri, Arkansas, and Alabama,
must, unless a further appropriation to pay for
freights be made, remain either at New York,
to which place they have been shipped without
charge, through the liberality of the railways
and express companies, or else at Havre.
About twenty-five thousand of the $93,000
proposed to be appropriated in this resolution
will be expended for freights, the other portion
going for other charges.
I do not like to ask the House, after what
has transpired here, to vote this additional
sum of money; and I think it quite possible
that a smaller sura would answer the purpose
and secure a proper representation of the in-
dustrial interests of this country. The gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Delano,] upon whose
motion a limitation was put in the resolution
passed by the House some time since, ex-
pressed his willingness to suggest to the House
a reduction of this appropriation from $93,000
to $50,000. If he were in his place now he
would propose this reduction. I have only to
say, Mr. Speaker, that the western portion of
the country is especially interested in this ad-
ditional appropriation. Great exertions have
been made in collecting the industrial products
of the West—mineral, agricultural, and me-
chanical—and they are now either at New
York or Havre. Uther sections of the country
are also interested. A short time since every
member of the Pennsylvania delegation in this
House signed a paper in encouragement of the
collection of representations of the mineral
wealth of that State; and a most complete and
perfect collection has been obtained. Machin-
ery from New England waits for this money. I
suggest a reduction from $93,000 to $50,000;
but I will not press the passage of the resolu-
: tion against the general wish of the House.
J Mr. MAYNARD. Before the gentleman
takes his seat I would be glad if he would give
1 us some general idea of the extent to which
the industry and resources of the country are
likely to be exhibited at the coming Paris
Exposition.
I Mr. BANKS. If the House will allow me
| I will send an extract of a letter, written by
one of the commissioners, to be read by the
| Clerk.
i The Clerk read as follows:
| "The efficiency of western exhibitors has been
vitally important in saving the nation from failure.
As it is, we shall have a splendid triumph, and we
shall owe it almost exclusively to the West and its
wonderful products. It does seetn passing strange
I that it can be necessary to urge western men to sup-
I P.®1*.* * measure so peculiarly calculated to' promote
; their immediate interests so immensely, and to per-
, manently exalt the character of their portion of the
, American Union in the eyes of the civilized world."
j  •*•♦****«
t _ "Then, too. the enormous gain to this western con-
tinent by emigration. Who gets it but the West?
While we on the Atlantic sea-board are burdened with
all of the most worthless of the emigrant?, who stop
ia our citiesand fill our jails and poor-houses, the
young and vigorous and thrifty all go to the western
. prairies to load them with golden harvests. Tno
West, the great intelligent West, will not thank any
of her members for yielding for a moment to any
i ill-timed feeling of parsimony. The people know
