1106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
inals, to declare and establish martial law in and over
said districts, or any subdivision thereof, as lie shall
find ncoessary for the complete suppression of vio-
lence aud disorder; and he shall have power to or-
ganize military commissions or tribunals for that pur-
pose, so far 03 the same are recognized by martial law,
anything in the loeal constitution and laws to the
contrary notwithstanding; and may lovy fines upon
insurrectionary communities to compensate parties
injured by their disorders; and all legislative or
judicial proceedings or processes to prevent or con-
trol the proceedings of said military officers or tri-
bunals, and all interference by other authorities than
those of the United States with tho exercise of mili-
tary authority under this article shall be void and ot
no effect. „
4. Courts and judicial officers of the United States,
within said districts, shall not issuo writs of habeas
corpus in behalf of persons in military custody, unless
some commissioned officer on duty in the district
wherein tho uerson is detained shall indorse upon
said petition a statement certifying, upon honor,
that ho has knowlcdso or information as to the cause
and circumstances of tho'alleged detention, and that
he believes the same to bo wrongful; and further,
that he believes that tho indorsed petition is pre-
ferred in good faith, and in furtherance of justice,
and not to hinder or delay tho punishment of crime.
All porsons put undor military arrest by virtue ot
this act shall no tried without unnecessary delay, and
no cruel or unusual punishment shall bo inflictcd. ,
5. No sentence of any military commission or tri-
bunal hereby authorized, affecting tho life or liberty
of any person, shall bo executed until it is approved
by the oflicer in command of tho district, and tho
laws and regulations for the government of the Army
shall not be affected by this act, except in so far as
they conflict with its provisions.
6. Whenever martial law shall have been declared
in any of said districts under tho third clause of this
article tho order establishing tho same shall not bo
rescinded or revoked, except upon tho order of tho
General of tho Array, approved by tho President.
7. This articlo shall ceaso to have foico and oflect
as sion as Congress shall deelaro tho insurrection
completely suppressed in any State by admitting its
representatives in Congress, or otherwise.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, that embraces
tho proposition t propose to bring before the
House. When there is disorder in any dis-
trict amounting to violence the military officer
is to declare martial law over part of the dis-
trict, or over the whole of the district if neces-
sary, to continue until order is restored.
There is another provision for the payment of
damages for losses occasioned by any disorder.
I move that the bill be printed while tho do-
bate is going on.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. 1 move tho follow-
ing amendment:
.-I nd he (V cnitrtrd, 'I'h n t. the commanders of tho mil-
itary departments herein named shall cfluso all prop-
erty now in existence belonging to loyal citizens of
the United States, which during tho rebellion was
seized or eoiilisented, cither by cont'edorato or rebel
Ktate governments, to bo summarily restored to said
loyal owners.
And In* it further enact <>d. That whon over tho peoplo
of any Slate named in this act shall adopt a constitu-
tion of State government which shall securo to ail citi-
zens oftheUnited States within said State, irrespect-
ive of race or color, tho oqual protection of, the laws,
■ including tho right of tho cloetivofranehise, and shall
ratify tho proposed nmondment. to tho Constitution
of tho United Stntes, then tho provisions of this act
shall coaso to have force and cttoct in such State.
The SPEAKER. If there bo no objection,
all amendments proposed to be offered to tho
bill will be ordered to bo printed.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. BANKS. After what I have said in
the presence of tho House, it will bo expected
that I should suggest sonic plan of reconstruc-
tion which accords with my own ideas and
which would lead to the conclusion I have
suggested. Nothing was further from my
mind than to enter upon the discussion at this
time; but if the debate should go over till to-
morrow I should bo glad to be accorded such
privileges as are allowed to other members in
expressing my views upon this question. And
I beg leave to say to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, and to some of my colleagues who
have spoken to me, that they cannot name a
condition necessary for the protection of the
Union men of the South, black or white, to
which I should object or which would be ex-
cluded, from any plan that I might suggest.
All 1 desire in an y plan of reconstruction sub-
mitted ro the IIouso is that it shall embody
all the measures necessary for the protection
of the loyal people and the preservation of the
Government, and exclude all extraneous per-
sonal and hostile considerations. In a word, I
want the proposition that shall be adopted by
the House, and upon which an appeal shall be
made to the people, to be a business matter,
and not a personal or hostile one.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill of the following
title: " An act (H. R. No. 1127) to fix tho pay
of the quartermaster sergeant of the battalion
of Engineerswhen the Speaker signed the
same.
hot springs reservation, arkansas.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States; which,
with the accompanying documents, was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed;
To the House of Representatives :
I herewith communicate a report of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, in answer to a resolution
of tlie House of Representatives of the 22d
ultimo, requesting information relative to the
condition, occupancy, and area of the Hot
Springs reservation, in the State of Arkansas.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, February 7, 1867.
resolutions of indiana.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the lieutenant and act-
ing Governor of Indiana, transmitting a copy
of the joint resolution of the Legislature of that
State ratifying certain amendments to the Con-
stitution proposed by Congress; which were
laid upon tho tabic, and ordered to be printed.
mail contractors in tennessee.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter of the Postmaster General, in answer
lo a resolution of the IIouso in reference to
certain mail contractors in the State of Ten-
nessee ; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
commercial relations.
The SPEAKER also laid before tho House
a letter from the Secretary of State, transmit-
ting, in compliance with law, a report of the
commercial relations of the United States with
foreign nations for the year ending September
30, 1801!; which was laid upon tho table, and
ordered to be printed.
evening session.
Mr. SPALDING. I move a recess be taken
to day from half past four till half past seven
o'clock this evening.
Mr. LK BLOND. Barely for discussion?
Mr. SPALDING. That is all I intend.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest whether it is
necossary. There is unlimited time for do-
bate, and we had better go on till daylight.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
67, noes 53.
Mr. ANCONA demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Anoona and Spalding.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to know whether the
proposition is to devote the evening to debate
alone.
The SPEAKER. If tho motion is adopted
the House will procced with the regular order,
which is the bill now under consideration. To
order a session for debate alone requires unan-
imous consent.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 51, noes 73.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. BANKS resumed the floor, but gave
way to
Mr. STEVENS, who moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and thereupon (at
four o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c„ were presented under
the rules, and referred to the appropriate committees;
By the SPEAKER: Tho petiUon of Thomas De
Graffenreid, of Chester, South Carolina, asking pro-
tection from all acts, jurisdiction, &c., of theso-called
State of South Carolina.
By Mr. ECKLEY: The petition of 175 citizens of
Columbiana county, Ohio, asking the impeachment
of the President of the United States.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of Matthew Crosby,
and others, citizens of Massachusetts, praying for
certain legislation for protection of life at sea.
By Mr GARFIELD: The petition of citizens of
"Warren, Ohio, against any further curtailment of the
currency. . „ . . . _
Also, the petition of citizens of Ravenna, Ohio,
against any curtailment of the currency.
By Mr. HAYES: The petition of Wilson Caroy.M.
Hollingshead, W. G. White, J. P. Sautmyer, and 50
others, elerksin the Cincinnatipostonic©,asking that
they may be placed on the same footing in regard to
taxation on incomes as other citizens.
By Mr. HUNTER: The memorial of Frederick
Bredt, asking that sugar oflead maybe exempt from
taxation under the internal revenue law.
By Mr. LONGYEAR: Tho petition of manufac-
turers, and others, citizens of Lansing, Michigan,
praying that all manufactures may be exemptedfrom
internal revenue tax.
By Mr. PAINE: A memorial of the Legislature of
Wiscor^in, praying for tho establishment of aeortain
mail route.
By Mr. SCHENCIC: Tho petition of hospital stew-
ards of the Army, for extra duty pay.
Also, the petition ofcitizens of Day ton, Ohio, against
any further curtailment of the currency.
Also, a petition of loyal citizens of Arkansas, call-
ing attention to a law recently passed by the Legis-
lature of that State appropriating money for tho
support of rebel soldiers and forthepurchaso ot arti-
ficial limbs for such as were qiaimed in the rebel ser-
Also, a petition of disabled soldiers in Government
employ, playing for the passage of a law to prevent
their removal from office except for proper cause.
By Mr. SPALDING: Tho remonstrance of E., N.
Till, and 0 others, citizens of Cuyahoga Fails, Ohio,
against the passage of Messrs. Hooper and Randall s
blI3y Mr. "VAN HORN, of New York: The petition
of llopestill Bigeluw, of New Market, New Jersey,
asking increased pensions for tho soldiers of 1812.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 9, 18G7.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Iiev. E. H. Gray.
The reading of the Journal of yesterday was
dispensed with, by unanimous consent, on the
motion of Mr. CONNESS.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secre-
tary of War, transmitting a report from Gen-
eral Grant, in reply to the resolution of the
Senate of the 12th instant, relative to the pro-
tection of trains on the overland route j which,
on motion of Mr. Henderson, was referred to
the Committee ou Indian Affairs, and grdered
to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a communi-
cation from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting, in compliance with the thirteenth section
of the act of July 17, 18G2, a statement of the
Quartermaster General, showing the contracts
made by him during the month of January,
1807, and those not received in time to be in-
cluded in previous reports; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
correction of a mistake.
Mr. DIXON. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to correct a mistake made by the telegraph
in reporting the resolutions which I had the
honor to offer to the Senate the other day on
the subject of amending the Constitution of
the United States. Of the first section of the
article of the amendment proposed by me
there was given only the first sentence in the
telegraphic report, as I see in all the news-
papers. The sceond sentence, " No State shall
pass any law or ordinance to secede or with-
draw from the Union, and any such law or
oi-dinance shall be null and void," was omit-
ted. I merely desire to correct this error.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILLFjY. I have a petition of five
hundred and fifty-three citizens of Harper's
Ferry and vicinity, asking speedy action on t'ne
bill for the sale of the Government interests at
Harper's Perry, in West Virginia. At the last
session I had the honor to introduce a resolu-
tion making inquiry of the War Department
whether it was the purpose of that Department
