1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1107
to continue the manufacture of arms any longer
at Harper's Ferry. The Secretary of War re-
ferred the resolution to the ordnance depart-
ment, -who reported thatitwasnottheintention
of that department any longer to use the prop-
erty and water-power there for the purposes
of the Government, and recommended that a
sale he made of the United States property at
that place. A bill was prepared and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and by
them reported, providing for the sale of the
property at that place. It has not been acted
upon, and I desire now to attract, if the chair-
man of that committee please, his attention to
this petition, so numerously signed, asking
speedy action on that bill. I move that the
petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of the State of New
York, remonstrating against the passage of
House bill No. 718, to provide increased rev-
enue from imports, and for other purposes;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
He also presented a petition of sliip-builders,
ship-owners, merchants, and others, of New
York, praying that the law be so amended as
to allow the sale and employment of Ameri-
can vessels to friendly belligerents; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
Levi C. Casson, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion in consequence of a wound received while
protecting the post oiiice in Dexter, Michigan,
from being robbed; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. YATES. I present the petition of
Mary Loup, whose husband ivas killed by
rebels in the Now Orleans riot of July 30,
18G6, praying for relief.
Mr. President, as this case in its application
is somewhat peculiar I will make a statement
of the facts in regard to it for the considera-
tion of the Senate. The husband of the peti-
tioner for three years had been in the United
States Army. He was a southern man. Tie
had raised a company under great ditliculties
without any United States bounty, and served
faithfully, as I have stated, for three years, and
was present at the convention in New Orleans
on the 30th of July, 18G6, as a mere spectator,
taking no part whatever in the transactions of
that convention. While there, and because
he had been true and faithful to the Union as
a southern man, he was attacked and most
brutally and inhumanly murdered. The de-
tails of the tragedy in his case are unequaled
by any in that horrible massacre which sent
a shudder throughout the world. He left at
his death a widow and two children in a most
deplorable state of destitution and poverty,
and yet of the very highest respectability.
Sir, I hope to see the time come when all
men shall know, and especially when the rebels
in the southern States, where murders are fre-
quent, and where men for the mere expression
of opinion are denounced and assassinated,
shall understand, when from the highest officer
in the Government down to the lowest it shall
be understood, that the Governmentofthe Uni-
ted States extends its protection over all the
widows and orphans of the Union soldiers and
all those who have died in the Union service.
I hope when this question comes up, as this is
a marked case, and as I believe every Union
sufferer during that riot 
Mr. WILSON. Not riot, massacre.
Mr. YATES. Massacre, as the Senator
niorejustly andproperlyeharacterizesit, should
have the protection of the United States Gov-
ernment. It is therefore that I move to refer
this memorial to the Committee on Pensions,
and hope that the name of this lady may be
placed upon the pension-list.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD presented the petition of
Theodore J. Park, praying that the steam-tug
T. F. Park may be enrolled and licensed as an
American vessel; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented the petition of Thomas
Neill, praying that the schooner Chieftain, a
Canadian-built vessel, may be enrolled and
licensed as an American vessel; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens
of Wisconsin, praying for the passage of House
bill No. 718, to provide increased revenuefrom
imports, and for other purposes ; which was
ordered to lie upon the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Chicago, Illinois, praying that a survey, plan,
and estimates of the expense of suitable erec-
tions to make a safer harbor at the mouth of
the Menomonee river be made by the engineer
department; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
He also presented a petition of mill-owners,
shippers, and business men connectcd with the
lumbering and shipping interest, and residents
of Illinois, Wisconsin, and Michigan, praying
that a survey, plan, and estimates of the ex-
pense of suitable erections to make a safer har-
bor at the mouth of theMenomonee river may
be made by tho engineer department; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Wisconsin, remonstrating against the passage
of any act authorizing the curtailment of the
national currency or a return within a limited
time to specie payments, and against com-
pelling national banks to redeem their notes
in New York, or prohibiting them from pay-
ing or receiving interest on bank balances ;
which was referred to tho Committee on
Finance.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of an increase of
tho duty on imported wool; which was ordered
to lie upon the table, and be printed.
lie also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of a new treaty
between tho General Government and the
Stoekbridge Indians of that State, providing
for their removal to a more genial climate and
fertile soil; which was ordered to lie upon the
table, and be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON presented the petition
of Elias Beale, praying for compensation for
services rendered as captain of company II,
eighth Tennessee iufautiy, from the 25 th of
July, 1803, to the 30th of June, 18C5 ; and that,
in consequence of the loss of health and being
crippled while in the service, lie maybe allowed
a pension ; which was referred to the Commit-'
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. YATES presented the petition of Eliza-
beth J. Manning, praying that her name may
be placed on the pensi-on list; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. POMEROY presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of a grant
of lands in that State for the use and benefit
of the Freedmen's University; which was
ordered to lie upon tho tabic, and be printed.
■ Mr. HARRIS presented the petition of Mary
G. Harris, widow of Colonel J ohn Harris, who
died on the 12th of May, 1804, from disease
contracted in the service, praying to be allowed
an increase of pension ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CRESWELL presented a memorial of
J. Dean Smith and S. M. Shoemaker, stock-
holders in the Washington, Alexandria, and
Georgetown Railroad Company, remonstrating
against the passage of the joint resolution au-
thorizing the Secretary of War to pay D. Ran-
dolph Martin, assignee, such amounts as may
be found due by the United States to that com-
pany: which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the memorial of
Jolm IJ. Boiles and others, remonstrating
against the acceptance of League Island for a
naval station : which was ordered 'to lie upon
the table, and be printed.
PRINTING! OF ltESOMKONS.
Mr. YATES. I move that the joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the Stat© of Illinois
on the subject of the navy-yard at Mound City
in that State be printed. I presented them
yesterday, but omitted to make a motion for
their printing. I now submit that motion.
The motion wq,s agreed to.
REPORTS 01? COMMITTEES.
Mr. LANE, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Charles N. Weiss, praying for a pension, sub-
mitted a report accompanied by a bill (S. No.
580) granting a pension to Charles N. Weiss.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1058) for the
relief of the minor children of Solomon Long,
reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 556) for the relief
of Caroline McGee, of Greene county, Ten-
nessee, widow of Lemuel McGee, deceased,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Olivia W. Cannon,
praying for a pension, submitted a report ac-
companied by a bill (S. No. 581) granting a
pension to Olivia W. Cannon. The bill was
read and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred tho petition of Jacob Sliavor and
Albert C. Corse, praying for compensation for
past and future use of a patent upon post-
marking of letters, &c., and for the cancella-
tion of postage stamps, known as the Norton
invention, submitted a report accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 582) to provide for the payment
of past and future use and purchase of the in-
vention and patent upon "post-marking of
letters, packets, &c., and for the cancellation
of postage stamps thereon," made by and
patented to Marcus P. Norton, of Troy, New
York, April 14, 38f>3, and reissued August 23,
1864. Tho bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and tho report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 489) to provide for giving the right of
preemption to settlers on the Cherokee neu-
tral lands in Kansas, and for other purposes,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. E. No. 92) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Interior to pay certain claims out
of the balance of an appropriation for the pay-
ment of necessary expenditures in the service
of tho United States for Indian affairs in the
Territory of Utah, reported it without amend-
ment.
DEMCIKNCIES IN HOUSE CONTINGENT FUND.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am directed by the
Committ'H1 on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (II. R. No. 1144) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for tho contingent expenses of the House
of Representatives of the United States lor
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867, to report
it back to the Senate without amendment. It
contains but three items, about which there is
no dispute, and the Clerk of the House is very
anxious, as he is out of funds, that it should
be passed to day. I therefore ask that it may
be considered now. It will take but a moment,
and it is a matter about which there is no dis-
pute. By unanimous consent, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
It proposes to appropriate for miscella-
neous items, $40,000; lor lolding documents,
$27,500; for fuel and lights, including pay
of engineers, firemen, and laborers, repairs,
and materials, $7,000. , l
The bill was reported to the Senate witnout
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read ■
the third time, and passed.
FUNERAL EXPENSES OF MR. IIICKUY.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Th® Committee to Audit
