1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1783
more than tho politicians, and see further and deeper,
and they know too much to begrudge the seed which
will yield so rich a- harvest. Such narrow-minded-
ness better becomes the atmosphere of Spain or
priest-ridden Italy than tho living, growing, ex-
panding West."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would inquire of the
gentleman ft cm Massachusetts whether there
was not referred to his committee, or to the
Committee on Commerce, a joint resolution or
memorial of the State of Wisconsin on this
very subject?
Mr. BANKS. Resolutions have been re-
ferred to the committee from the Legislature
of Wisconsin, and also I am informed from the
State of Minnesota. These and many other
resolutions have been referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, asking for the passage
of this resolution.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am aware, sir, that for
the past few weeks I have made myself offensive
to some members and other persons interested
in the passage of certain bills making large
appropriations by raising objections and calling
the attention of the House to them. I wish to
Bay to the House now, I have done that not
expecting and not desiring to obstruct the pas-
sage of the appropriations, but to call the
attention of the House to them, hoping others
might know more about them than I did.
All I have to say about this now is that I
believe it is only the first installment, large as it
is, a quarter of a million, for which we are
taxing the farmers in the name of the farmers ,
for the benefit, I was going to say, of the farm-
ers; I do not mean to apply it in any offensive
sense to the gentlemen who are taking charge j
Of this matter of the Exposition, still I believe
the advantage and honor of the farming interest
are far less considered than they would per-
suade us. Here is one quarter of a million,
and another quarter of a million will have to
be paid before we are through with it. I think
we might as well stop here. I recollect when
the gentleman from Massachusetts applied for
an appropriation, which I will say was an
extraordinary appropriation, which everybody
thought was large and everybody said ought
not to be made, but which he finally carried
through by his eloquent speech on the occasion,
one installment came ana now another, and in
the next Congress I apprehend, we will have
two or three more before we will get clear
of it.
Mr. MILLER. How much already has been
appropriated for this purpose?
Mr. BANKS. One hundred and fifty-six
thousand dollars.
Mr. ROSS. Does the gentleman think it
would impair the bill if he struck out the ad-
ditional twenty men which it provides for? j
Mr. BANKS. I do not know who they are. ' [
Whoever is appointed will serve without pay. ''
Mr. GRINNELL. I wish to ask the gentle-
man if he is aware that the honorable gentle-
man from the Galena district [Mr. Wash-
bcrn'e] who made such desperate and pro-
longed opposition to this matter has written
from Europe that this Exposition promises to
be a grand affair, and that he hopes the best
men will be sent, as it will redound to the
glory of the nation.
Mr. BANKS. If the House will allow me, I
will say in answer to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania that the appropriation already made
is not in excess of that contemplated by the
House at the time the resolution was passed, j
except in one particular. It was estimated in
gold by the Senate instead of in paper, as by
the House, which made a difference of $56,000;
and the freight was contemplated through the
instrumentality of public vessels, which I think
might have been done.
The Navy Department resisted that; it was
surrendered by the Senate; we yielded to it
in the House, and that has caused the addi-
tional appropriation which has been made.
But I submit the question to the House. I
will not press it against the general judgment
of the Representatives of the people.
Mr. DAVIS. I think that this country
ought to feel a deep interest in this Exhibition.
I am just as much in favor of economy as
t>ne 
Mr. BANKS. I yield to the gentleman only
for an inquiry, because the motion is to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. SCHENCK. I thought the rules were
suspended to allow the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts five minutes to make a reply.
The SPEAKER. They were suspended for
that purpose.
Mr. BANKS. I move to suspend the rules
that the House may vote at once upon the
passage of the bill.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 61, noes 46.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
DARIEN SHIP-CANAL.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. R. No. 181) concern-
ing the right of way for the survey and con-
struction of a ship-canal through the Isthmus
of Darien ; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask that that resolution be
put upon its passage.
The joint resolution was read, as follows :
Resolved, dkc.. That the Secretary of State be, and
is hereby, directed to take such steps as may bo n eces-
sary to obtain from the United States of Colombia
authority for the United States to make the necessary
surveys at the Isthmus of Darien for a ship-canal to
connect the waters of the Atlantic and those of the
Pacific oceans, and the terms upon which such right
of way may be obtained by this Government.
Mr. ROSS. Is that the resolution that we
voted down a day or two ago ?
The SPEAKER. This is certainly not the
same. If it were it would not be here.
Mr. SCOFIELD. We passed a bill a few
days ago directing the Secretary of the Navy
to detail certain vessels to convey an exploring
party to survey this route. This resolution
directs the Secretary of State to see what can
be done to acquire the right of way. There is
no appropriation in it; and I suppose it ought
to follow the other.
The joint resolution was ordered to be read
a third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and,
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IRON-CLAD ONONDAGA.
Tlie next business on the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 614) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Navy to transfer the United
States iron-clad Onondaga to George Quintard,
of New York; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. LYNCH. I hope that this bill will be
now put upon its passage.
The bill was read. It. authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Navy to deliver to George
Quintard, of New York, for his own use and
behoof, the United States iron-clad Onondaga,
upon payment by him, his heirs or assigns,
to the Treasury of the United States of the sum
of $759,673.
Mr. LYNCH. This has the approval of the
Navy Department and of the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. LYNCH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FIRE DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 625) to amend an act enti-
tled <lAn act concerning the fire department of
Washington city which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. WELKER. I am instructed by the
Committee for the District of Columbia to rec-
ommend the passage of this bill.
The bill was read. It repeals so much of
the act concerning the fire department of Wash-
ington as provided for the use and occupation
of the Union engine-house by the city oi Wash-
ington.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CUSTOMS FORFEITURES.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 577) to regulate the dispo-
sition of the proceeds of fines, penalties, and
forfeitures incurred under the laws relating to
customs, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. ELIOT. I am authorized by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to ask the House to put
this bill upon its passage with three amend-
ments, which I will send to the Clerk's desk to
be read.
The amendments were read by the Clerk, as
follows:
Section one, lino seven, pa?e 1, after the word
"merchandise" insert the words " of greater value
than $.300."
Section two, page 3, line twenty-two, strike out %
"distinctly and specifically" and insert "the char-
acter of."
Section four, page 4, strike out from tho words
" the ninety-first," in lino one, to the woiis "ninety-
nine," in lino four, inclusive.
The amendments were agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
Mr. ROSS. I do not quite comprehend the
bill from merely hearing it read in this way.
I do not understand why so large a portion of
these forfeitures should be given to the oflicers.
I suppose that these officers are already paid
by the Government; and we do not pay our
sheriff or our constable anything extra for
doing his duty and arresting a thief.
Mr. ELIOT. This does not increase the
amount allowed to these officers by the law
now; it only changes the mode of its distribu-
tion.
Mr. ROSS. Why should it be changed?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. If the gen-
tleman will allow me, 1 will state a case which
actually occurred and which bears upon this mat-
ter. There was a case in which the duty and the
penalty, if it had been fully levied, would have
| amounted to $46,000; but it was compromised
for $35,000, and the expenses, $3,000, being
i deducted, there was $32,000 left, half of which
: went into the Treasury of tho L^nited States,
one quarter to the informer, and the other
quarter to the naval officer, surveyor, and col-
lector. That is according to the law now. Under
the provisions of this bill the duty in all such
cases must first be paid into the Treasury, and
only the surplus can be so divided.
Mr. ROSS. But what propriety is there in
giving the officers this proportion of the pro-
cecds?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. That is
done now. The object is to make them more
zealous. I think this is an excellent bill; it
puts a stop to the black-mailing that has been
going on hitherto.
Mr. ELIOT. I move the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJUSTMENT OF PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 578, to extend the provis-
ions of an act entitled "An act for the final
adjustment of private land claims in the States
