1867.
T*HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$4#
which he can be admitted to citizenship. He
must prove, in addition, a good moral charac-
ter, and thus give reasonable ground for the
belief that he will be faithful to the obligations
which he assumes as a citizen of the Republic.
Where a people—the source of alt political
power—speak by their suffrages, through the
instrumentality of the ballot-box, it must be
carefully guaraed against the control of those
who are corrupt in principle and enemies of
free institutions, for it can only become to our
political and social system a safe conductor of
healthy popular sentiment when kept free from
demoralizing influences. Controlled through
fraud and usurpation by the designing, anarchy
and despotism must inevitably follow. In the
hands of the patriotic and worthy our Govern-
ment will be preserved upon the principles of
the Constitution inherited from our fathers.
It follows, therefore, that in admitting to the
ballot-box a new class of voters not qualified
for the exercise of the elective franchise, we
weaken our system of government instead of
adding to its strength and durability.
In returning this bill to the Senate, I deeply
regret that there should be any conflict of
opinion between the legislative and executive
departments of the Government in regard to
measures that vitally affect the prosperity and
peace of the country. Sincerely desiring to
reconcile the States with one another, and the
whole people to the Government of the United
States, it has been my earnest wish to co-
operate with Congress in all measures having
for their object a proper and complete adjust-
ment of the questions resulting from our late
civil war. Harmony between the coordinate
branches of the Government, always necessary
for the public welfare, was never more de-
manded than at the present time, and it will
therefore be my constant aim to promote, as
far as possible, concert of action between
them. The differences of opinion that have
already occurred have rendered me only the
more cautious, lest the Executive should en-
croach upon any of the prerogatives of Con-
gress, or, by exceeding in any manner the
constitutional limit of his duties, destroy the
equilibrium which should exist between the
several coordinate departments, and which is
so essential to the harmonious working of the
Government. I know it has been urged that
the executive department is more likely to
enlarge the sphere of its action than either of
the other two branches of the Government,
and especially in the exercise of the veto power
conferred upon it by the Constitution. It
should be remembered, however, that this
power is wholly negative and conservative in
its character, and was intended to operate as
a check upon unconstitutional, hasty, and im-
provident legislation, and as a means of pro-
tection against invasions of the just powers of
the executive and judicial departments. It is
remarked by Chancellor Kent that—•
"To enact laws is a transcendent power; and, if
the body that possesscsit be a full and equal repre-
sentation of the people, there is danger of its pressing
with destructive weight upon all the other parts of
the machinery of Government. It has therefore been
thoughtnecessary by themost skillful and most expe-
rienced artists in thescience of civil polity that strong
barriersshouldbeerectedfortheprotection andsecur-
ity of the other necessary powers of the Government.
Nothing has been deemed more fit and expedient for
the purpose than the provision that the head of the
executive department should be so constituted as to
secure a requisite share of independence, and that he
should have anegativeuponthepassingoflaws; and
that the judiciary power, resting on a still more per-
manent basis, should have the right of determining
upon the validity of laws by tho standard of the Con-
stitution."
The necessity of some such check in the
hands of the Executive is shown by reference
to the most eminent writers upon our system
of government, who seem to concur in the
opinion that encroachments are most to be
apprehended from the department in which all
legislative powers are vested by the Constitu-
tion. Mr. Madison, in referring to the diffi-
culty of providing some practical security for
each against the invasion of the others, remarks
that—
"The legislative department is ovcrywhoro ex-
tending the sphere of its activity, and drawing all
power into its impetuous vortex." "The founders
of our republics" ****** geem never
to have recollected the danger from legislative usur-
Eations, which, by assembling all power in the same
ands, must lead to the same tyranny aa is threat-
ened by Executive usurpations." " In a represent-
ative republic, where the executive magistracy is
carefully limited, both in the extent and the duration
of its power, and where the legislative power is ex-
ercised by an assembly which is inspired by a sap-
posed influence over the people, with an intrepid
confidence in its own strength, which is sufficiently
numerous to feel all the passions which actuate a
multitude,yet not so numerous as to be incapable
of pursuing the objects of its passions by means which
reason prescribes; it is against the enterprising am-
bition of this department that the people ought to
indulge all their jealousy and exhaust all their pre-
cautions." "The legislative department derives a
superiority in our governments from other circum-
stances. Its constitutional powers being at once
more extensive and less susceptible of precise limits,
it can with the greater facility mask, under compli-
cated andindirectmeasures,theencroachments which
it makes on the coordinate departments." "On the
othej. side, the executive power being restrained
withm a narrower comjpass, and being more simple
in its nature, and the judiciary being described by
land-marks still less uncertain, projects of usurpation
by either of these departments would immediately
betray and defeat themselves. Nor is this all. As
the legislative department alone has access to,the
pockets of the people, and has in some constitutions
full discretion, and in all a prevailing influence over
the pecuniary rewards of those who fill the other
departments, a dependence is thus created in the
latter which gives still greater facility to encroach-
ments of the former." " We have seen that the ten-
dency of republican governments is to an aggrandize-
ment of the legislative, at the expense of the other
departments."
Mr. Jefferson, in referring to the early con-
stitution of Virginia, objected that by its pro-
visions all the powers of government—legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial—resulted to the
legislative body, holding that—
" The concentrating these in thesame hands is pre-
cisely the definition of despotic government. Itwill
be no alleviation that thesepowers will be cxcreiscd
by a plurality of hands and not by a single one. One
hundred and seventy-three despots would surely be
as oppressive as one." **#* • little
will it avail us that they are chosen by ourselves. An
electivedespotism was not the Governmen t we fought
for, but one which should not only be fouled on free
principles, but in which the powers of government
should be so divided and balanced among several
bodies of magistracy as that no one could transcend
their legal limits without being effectually checked
and restrained by the others. For this reason that con-
vention which passed the ordinance of government
laid its foundation on this basis: that the legislative,
executive, and judiciary departments should be sepa-
rate and distinct, so that no person should exercise
the powers of more than one of them at the same
time. But no barrier was provided between these
several powers. The judiciary and executive mem-
bers were left dependent on the legislative for their
subsistence in office, and some of them for their con-
tinuance in it. If, therefore, the Legislature assumes
executive and judiciary powers, no opposition is
likely to be made, nor, if made, can be effectual; be-
cause in that case they may put their proceedings
into the form of an act of assembly, which will ren-
der them obligatory on the other branches. They
have accordingly, in many instances, decided rights
whichshould havebeen leftto judiciary controversy;
and the direction of the Executive during the whole
time of their session is becoming habitual and fa-
miliar."
Mr. Justice Story, in his Commentaries on
the Constitution, reviews the same subject, and
says:
"The truth is, that the legislative power is the
great and overruling power in every free Govern-
ment." "The representatives of the people will
watch with jealousy every encroachment of the Exec-
utive Magistrate, for it trenches upon their own
authority. But who shall watch the encroachment
of these representatives themselves? Will they be
as jealous of the exercise of power by themselves as
by others?" "There are many reasons which may
be assigned for the engrossing influence of the legisla-
tive department. In the first place, iti> constitutional
Eowers are more extensive, and less capable of being
rought within precise limits than those of either
of the other departments. The bounds of the exec-
utive authority are easily marked out and defined.
It reaches few objects, and those are known. It can-
not transcend them without being broughtin contact
with the other departments. Laws may cheek and
restrain and bound its exercise. The same remarks
apply with still greater force to tho judiciary. The
jurisdiction is, or may be, bounded to a few objects
or persons; or, however general and unlimited, its
operations are necessarily con fined to t he mere admin-
istration of private and public justice. It cannot
punish without law. It cannot create controversies
to act upon. It can decide only upon rights and cases
as they aro brought by others before it. It can do
nothing for itself. It must do everything for others.
•It must obey tho laws; and if itcorruptly administers
them, it is subjected to the power of impeachment.
On the other hand, the legislative power, except in
the few cases of constitutional prohibition, is unlim-
ited. It is forever varying it? means and its ends. It
governs fee institutions and laws and public policy
of the country. It regulates all its vast interests. It
disposes of all its property. Look but at the exercise
of two or three branches of its ordinary powers. It
levies all taxes: it directs and appropriates all sup-
plies: it gives the rules for the descent, distribution,
and devises of all property held by individuals. It
controls the sources and the resources of wealth. It
changes at its will the whole fabric of the laws. It
molds at its pleasure almost all th e institutions which
five strength and comfort Mid dignity to society,
n the next place, it is the direct, visible representa-
tive of the will of the people in all the changes of
times and circumstances. It has the pride as well
as the power of numbers. It is easily moved and
steadily moved by the strong impulses of popular
feeling and popular odium. Itobeys, without reluc-
tance, the wishes and the will of the majority for the
time being. The path to public favor lies open by
such obedience; and it finds not only support, but
impunity, in whatever measures the majority advises,
even though they transcend theconstitutional limits.
It has no motive, therefore, to be jealous or scrupu-
lous in its own use of power; and it finds its ambition
stimulated and its arm strengthened by the counte-
nance and the courage of numbers. These views are
not alone those of men who look with apprehension
upon the fate of republics; but they are also freely
admitted by some of the strongest advocatesfor pop-
ular rights and thepermanency of republican institu-.
tions." " Each department should have a will oyf its*
own." " Each should have its own independeacese-
curedbeyond thepower of beingtaken away by either
or both of the others. But at the same time the rela-
tions of each to the other should be so strong that
there should be a mutual interest to sustain ana pro-
tect each other. There should not only be constitu-
tional means but personal motives to resist encroach-
ments of one or either of the others. Thus ambition
would be made to counteract ambition; the desire
of power to check power; and the pressure of inter-
estto balance an opposinginterest." " The judiciary
is naturally, and almost necessarily,' (as has been
already said,) the weakest department. It can have
no means of influence by patronage. Its powers can
never be wielded for itself. It has no command over
the purse or the sword of the nation. It can neither
lay taxes nor appropriate money nor command
armies nor appoint to office. It is neverbrought into
contact with the people by constant appeals and
solicitations and private intercourse, which belong
to all the other departments of Government. It is
seen only in controversies or in trials and# punish-
ments. Its rigid j ustice and impartiality give it n<*
claims to favor, however they may to respect. It
stands solitary and unsupported, except by that por-
tion of public opinion which is interested only in tho
strict administration of justice. It can rarely secure
the sympathy or zealous support either of the Execu-
tive or the Legislature. If they are not (as is not un-
frequenily the case) jealous of .its prerogatives, the
constant necessity or scrutinizing the acts of each,
upon the application of any private person, and the
painful duty of pronouncing judgment that these
acts are adeparturcfrom the laworConstitution.can
have no tendency to conciliate kindness or nourish
influence. It would seem, therefore, that some addi-
tional guards would, under such circumstances, be
necessary to protect this department from the abso-
lute dominion of the others. Yet rarely have any
such guards been applied; and every attempt to in-
troduce them has been resisted with a pertinacity
which demonstrates how slow popular leaders are to
introduce checks upon their own power, and how
slow the people are to believe that the judiciary is
thereal bulwark of theirliberties." "Ifanydepart-
ment of the Government has undue influence, or
absorbing power, it certainly has not been either the
executive or judiciary."
In addition to what has been said by these
distinguished writers, it may also be urged that
the dominant party in each House may, by the
expulsion of a sufficient number of members,
or by the exclusion from representation of a
requisite number of States, reduce the minority
to less than one third. Congress, by these
means, might be enabled to pass a law, the
objections of the President to the contrary not-
withstanding, which would render impotent the
other two departments of the Government, and
make inoperative the wholesome and restrain-
ing power which it was intended bythefrainers
of the Constitution should be exerted by them.
This would be a practical concentration of all
power in the Congress of the United States—
this, in the language of the author of the Dec-
laration of Independence, would be precisely
the definition of despotic Government."
I have preferred to reproduce the^e teach-
ings of the great statesmen and constitutional
lawyers of the early and later days of the Ke-
public rather than to rely simply upon an ex-
pression of my own opinions. We cannot too
often recur to them, especially at a conjuncture
like the present. Their application to our actual
condition is so apparent that they now come
to us a living voice, to be listened to with more
attention than at any previous period of our
history. We have been and are yet in the
\ midbt of popular commotion. The passions
