1108
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9
3
and Control the Contingent Expenses of tie
Senate, to whom waSt referred a resolution rel-
ative to the payment of the funeral expenses
of the late William Hickey, Chief Clerk in the
Senate, have instructed me to .report it back
and recommend its passage; and I ask for its
present consideration.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution, and it was agreed
to, as follows:
Resolved, That the amount directed to be paid to
the legal representatives of the late William Hickey,
for funeral expenses, &c., by Senate resolution of
July 9,1868, be paid by the Secretary of the Seriate
out of the contingent fund of the Senate;
INTER-OCEANIC ROUTES.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution for the
printing^ one thousand copies of the report
of Admiral Davis in regard to inter-oceanic
routes, have instructed me to report it back
with an amendment reducing the number to
five hundred. I ask for the present considera-
tion of the resolution.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of the resolution.
The amendment was agreed to, and the reso-
lution, is amended, was adopted, as follows :
Resolved, That fivo hundred additional copies of
the report of Admiral Davis, of the Naval Observa-
tory, on intor-ooeaniccanals and railroads, be printed
for the use of the Observatory.
DEBATES 01? CONGRESS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask that it bo considered now:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Printing
bo authorized to invito proposals for printing tho do-
batesof Congress, and report whether thesamo should
bo publishod as herotoforo or<by the I'ub.ie Printer,
or by lotting the contract to tho lowost biddor, or by
accepting any one of tho proposals mado.
Mr. CRMS WELL. 1 think that had better
lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made to the present consideration of the
resolution, it will lie over.
ROCK ISLAND IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of War bo directed to
mrmsli tho Senate a copy of tho roport of tho com-
mission of which Major General John M. Scholiold
was president, in relation to tiio improvements at
ltock Island.
PIIO VISIONAL GOVERNORS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That tho Committee on the J udiciary bo
directed to inquirei and report to tho Senate whether
Androw Johnson. Vice President of tho United States
and acting Presidont, had any authority of law or
under the Constitution to appoint provisional gov-
einors lor tho States lately in rebellion against the
Government.
Mr. BUCKALEW, Mr. JOHNSON, and
others objecting to tho present consideration
of the resolution, it was laid over under the
rules.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
gent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8. No.
683) to restore the jurisdiction of Indian affairs
to the Department of War; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to intrpdnce a bill (S.
No 684) for the relief of Elias Beale, late
captain of company H, eighth regiment Ten-
nessee volunteer infantry; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
*r°n Aflalrs and the Militia.
MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S
No 585) to amend and simplify th« acts relat-
ing to the Metropolitan police of the District
ot Columbia ; which was read twice by its title
and referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
COURTS IN RHODE ISLAND.
Mr. .TRUMBULL. I move to tak* up
House bill No. 643, to change thd place of
holding the courts in Rhode Island. The dis-
trict attorney has written me and desires to
have it passed; the Senators from that State
are in favor of it. It will take but a minute,
and I am sure there can be no objection to it.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 643) to alter the places of holding the
circuit courts of the United States for the
Rhode Island district was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It provides that from and after the 1st day
of July, 1866, the circuit courts of the United
States for the district of Rhode Island shall
commence and be held at the United States
court-room in the city of Providence on the
15th day of November and on tho 15th day of
June, annually, instead of the places hereto-
fore established by law. But when either of
the days named shall fall on Sunday the ses-
sion of the court then next to be held is to
commence on the Monday next following. All
indictments, informations, suits, or actions, and
proceedings of every kind, whether of a civil
or criminal nature, pending in the circuit court
on the 1st day of July, 1866, are hereafter to
be proceeded in, heard, tried, and determined
on the days and at the place herein appointed
for holding the court in the same manner and
with the same effect as if the court had been
holden on the days and at the places hereto-
fore directed by law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill was passed by
the House at the last session, and if I heard it
read correctly it speaks of suits pending on
the 1st day of July, 1866. That will have to
be altered. I move to strike out "I860" and
insert " 1867."
The PRES[DENT_pro tempore. Tliatchange
will be made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A similar change will
have to be made in the first section as to the
time when the change shall be made.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then the bill will have to
go back to the House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We cannot help that.
The time named has passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. These
changes will be made in the bill, if there be no
objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed and the bill be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
TOWN SITES.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 532) for the relief
of the inhabitants of cities and towns upon the
public lands.
The bill as introduced provided that when-
ever any portion of the surveyed public lands
has been or shall be settled upon and occupied
as a town site, and therefore not subject to
entry under the agricultural preemption laws,
it shall be lawful, in case such town shall be
incorporated, for the corporate authorities
thereof, and if not incorporated for the judge
of the county court for the county in which the
town may be situated, to enter at the proper
land office, and at the minimum price, the land
so settled and occupied in trust, for the several
use and benefit of the occupants thereof, ac-
cording to their respective interests; the exe-
cution of which trust, as to the disposal of the
lots m suph town, and the proceeds of the sales
thereof, to be conducted under such rules and
regulations as may be prescribed by the legis-
lative authority of the State or Territory in
which it may be situated. But the entry of the
land is to be made prior to the commencement
of the public sale of the body of land in which
it is included, and the entry is to include only
such land as is actually occupied by the town,
and to be made in conformity to the legal sub-
divisions of the public lands authorized by the
act of 24th of April, 1820; and where the in-
habitants are in number one hundred and less
than two hundred is to embrace not exceeding
thr^e hundred and twenty acres; and in cases
where' the inhabitants are more than two hun-
dred and less than one thousand, not exceed-
ing six' hundred and forty acres; and where the,
number of inhabitants is one thousand and
over one thousand, not exceeding twelve hun-
dred and eighty acres.
Amendments were proposed to the bill by
the Committee on Public Lands; the first of
which was in-line thirty, section one, to strike
outtheword " surveyed," and after " lands" to
insert " of the States of California and Ne-
vada ;" so as to read:
That whenever any portion of the public lands of
tho States of California and Nevada hasbeen or shall
be settled upon and occupied town sites, &c.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why confine it to those
States ?
Mr. STEWART. This is a substantial re-
vival of the law of 1841, allowing the town
authorities to enter a certain quantity of land.
In the western States some speculation arose
in those town sites, which caused a law to be
passed professedly to stop that, but it was
really at the instance of the registers and re-
ceivers so that they would get a special fee for
each lot. That was applied to the whole coun-
try, but in California and Nevada the people
have gone on under the old law. Their towns
were located with a view of complying with
the provisions of the old law; and an attempt
to enforce the new law there interferes with
the entire property of the country. They can-
not comply with it. The petitions from Cali-
fornia and Nevada for a change of the law are
very numerous. The Committee on Public
Lands think it would be wise to limit the
change to that part of the country from which
the demand for it comes, and leave the ques-
tion of changing the whole system generally
for future consideration. From California and
Nevada we have petitions and letters from
almost every town asking that this change be
made. _ For instance, in the town where I live,
Virginia City, the sizes of the lots do not cor-
respond with those fixed in the new law ; the
Gould & Curry mill there cost $1,200,000;
several parties have attempted to enter por-
tions of the lot upon which it is located arbi-
trarily, whereas the town authorities, if they
were allowed to go on under the old law, would
give the company title to what they have in
actual possession.
The bill is confined to those States from which
this demand specially comes. Several Terri-
tories have applied to have the provision ex-
tend to them. Judge Goodwin, of Arizona,
wishes it extended to that Territory, but until
there is further investigation the committee
think it safer to apply this bill only to the
States from the inhabitants of which we had
petitions on the subject.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is it not necessary in
Oregon also ?
Mr. STEWART. It may be equally neces-
sary in Oregon, in Montana, in Idaho, and in
Arizona. My opinion is that they will need
it there, but my impression is that this bill had
better go through now in this wjfy, and at the
next session we can attend to those other cases
if on investigation it is deemed desirable to
extend it to them. I think the new law was a
very great mistake. The old law, as it stood,
worked well. Certainly it places people in
States which had been long settled in an awk-
ward position, where they had not perfected
their titles under the old law, to have the change
made.
Mr. HENDRICKS This is not the enact-
ment of a law unknown to our system. For a
great number of years this law as proposed
now substantially applied to all the States and
Territories. Under it it was found in the Ter-
ritories of Nebraska and Kansas, and perhaps
Minnesota and some other localities, that very
gross and disgusting frauds were perpetrated.
Men would secure proof of the establishment
of a town, and plat it out in very magnificent
style, and come to eastern States and cities and
sell corner-lots and perpetrate very gross frauds
upon the unwary. I suppose" it was in view
