1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
845
into which a freeman could under any circum-
stances be sold. The consequence is that the
reason for that construction of this language
has foiled; and, according to an old legal
maxim, the law itself fails, so far as it could
under other circumstances receive that inter-
pretation.
I affirm, sir, without fear of successful and
reasonable contradiction, that, in this condition
of things, since the anti-slavery amendment
was adopted, you cannot find a condition of
chattel slavery existing in the United States
into which a freeman can be sold under this
language of the Constitution. On the contrary,
a freeman can be condemned by the law only
to the involuntary servitude now existingwith-
in the United States, within the walls of pris-
ons, and within the jurisdiction of the law and
the officers of the law. And it is upon this
principle, in view of this fact of construction,
that I assert that the interpretation given to
that clause of the Constitution has been erro-
neous wherever it has been adopted; that there
is no longer found within the United States any
such description of slavery as that into which,
according to the construction in the southern
States, free men may justifiably fee condemned.
Well, sir, further than that, further than the
general right we have to construe any statute
in the creation of which we have taken part as
the Congress of the United States, I also
affirm, under the second section of that amend-
ment the Congress of the United States has
the right to enforce that anti-slavery amend-
ment, and in that right of enforcement we have
the right to say what falls within the terms of
that amendment as being slavery or involun-
tary servitude.
This is the clause to which I refer: " Con-
gress shall have power to enforce this article
by appropriate legislation ' and aside from the
general right to which I have referred, I find
the right in the second clause of the amend-
ment to define the species of slavery or invol-
untary servitude into which a free man maybe
lawfully condemned by the laws of the country.
Now, I will hear what the gentleman has to
ask.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I must beg the gentle-
man's pardon if he has answered my question.
It seems to me he has not answered it. The
question I propounded is this: if we have
adopted a constitutional provision which has
also been adopted by the requisite number of
States to put it in force as a part of the funda-
mental law, whether by the simple act of Con-
gress we can enlarge that provision or change
it in any form so as to give an effect to it dif-
ferent. from that which its language and spirit
must bear?
Mr. KASSON. The question, as now pre-
sented, is modified in form from what it was
before, as well as in substance, thus showing I
have effectually answered the question as to
our right to give effect to that clause of the
amendment. And I now answer the second
form of the question. While I must confess,
and, as I cheerfully do, admit that he cannot,
by a construction we give to the Constitution,
overrule the right of the sovereign judicial tri-
bunal of the country to pass as it thinks right
upon a constitutional clause, I do assert that
Congress, as the power originally creating the
clause, has the right to construe it, and that
there is not a loyal tribunal in this country that
will dare to treat with disrespect the construc-
tion given by this body to this clause of the
Constitution, if you admit it to be doubtful in
its construction. And I should have added
this, sir, if the question had not been put, that
it is the duty of this great branch of the Gov-
ernment, which originates legislation, to affirm
what they meant by that legislation whenever
it shall be called into doubt by existing facts
in the country.
This construction will have, as I have shown
by the terms of the amendment including the
second clause, the legal force necessary, and
in addition to that I trust it will have a vast
moral force throughout the United States, par-
ticularly if the gentlemen on that side of the
House will, at this late day and hour of repent-
ance for their opposition to the original amend-
ment, eome in and affirm now, in harmony
with the great sentiment not only of the Uni-
ted States, but of the whole civilized world,
that the construction of every doubtful law in
this free country shall be in the interest of
freedom and for the protection of individual
rights. •
Mr. FINCK. I wish to inquire of my friend
from Iowa whether he claims there is power in
the legislative department of this Government
to declare the judgment and decree of a court
to be void and to be set aside?
Mr. KASSON. If the decree be valid the
aetion of this body cannot defeat it. We have
the right to declare invalid what is so in itself;
but the effect of this proposed action of Con-
gress, by virtue of the construction I have
attempted to show we had-the right to give,
will be to declare the consequences of the other
construction to be void and of no account in the
execution of the law.
Mr. FINCK. It is proposed by this joint
resolution to declare that all orders, judgments,
or decrees authorizing or directing the sale or
other disposition into servitude of any person
within the said section of the United States oth-
erwise than as above declared to be lawful, are
and shall be taken and held to be in violation
of the thirteenth constitutional amendment
aforesaid,, and therefore void.
Now, I ask whether there is any precedent in
the history of the legislation of this Congress
to authorize by legislative enactment the set-
ting aside of the judgments and decrees of a
court, whether Federal or State ? I ask whether
the appropriate jurisdiction of this branch of
Government is not to make laws and to allow
the judiciary to determine what the law is ?
Mr. KASSON. I answer, Mr. Speaker, that
from the beginning of this Government to this
day, whenever a law which justified arrest and
imprisonment of a citizen has been repealed
and ceased to exist, the party imprisoned must
be set free. I further say that by virtue of the
legislation proposed, the effect will be that men
who are held in servitude under color of this
false construction of the law will be inevitably
entitled to their freedom.
Mr. FINCK. One more question. I ask
my friend whether this question does not be-
long appropriately, legitimately, and constitu-
tionally to the Supreme Court of the United
States and not to Congress ?
Mr. KASSON. I am glad my friend has put
that question for it presents an additional rea-
son which I intended to present for the prompt
action of Congress on the subject. There are
questions now pending in inferior tribunals
which are soon to be determined probably by
the superior tribunals of some of the States of
this Union, and by the supreme judicial tribu-
nals of the United States, on appeal from the
decision of the lower tribunals in question.
But before that is done it is the duty of Con-
gress to exhaust its power, whether originally
to construe such amendment, or deliberately,
under the second clause, by actual legislation,
to declare what shall be the law of the land.
If we adopt this joint resolution, and it be-
comes law prior to the final decision of the
question referred to, we vastly strengthen the
grounds on which the United States judiciary
can decide this to be the right construction,
supported as it is by the construing and posi-
tive legislative power of the United States.
Why, sir, if this be not done, you not only
fail to construe your own act and exhaust your
power in the interest of the liberty of the citi-
zen, but you leave the local laws which we
believe to be in contravention of that clause
of the Constitution in full force and effect over
the State tribunals, while we ourselves are
silent on the subject to the extent of our power
of legislation.
I wish to add, as I have already stated, that
the final decision of this question rests in each
case properly presented to it with the supreme
judicial tribunal of the country.
Mr. FINCIv. I wish to ask a further ques-
tion : whether there is not a complete remedy
for the_eases to which the gentleman has re-
ferred in the eourts, State and FederaK-eom-
plete redress for the grievances of which he
complains 2
Mr. KASSON. No, sir; I state emphatic-
ally, no, in point of fact. Why, sir, within
s%ht of the eyes of the very Goddess of Lib-
erty—if they possessed the. power of seeing—
that stands o« the dome of this Capitol, we
find these barbaric enormities transpiring, al-
most within the hearing of our own ears, in
the State of Maryland.
Mr. FINCK. One more question. I ask
the gentleman whether this very question of
the true construction of the constitutional
amendment is not now pending before the ju-
dicial tribunals arising out of a case in the
State of Maryland?
Mr. KASSON. I understand it to be pend-
ing before inferior tribunals, and I understand
they have a right to bring it to the highest
Federal tribunal.
Mr. FINCK. Certainly, that is all I want.
Mr. KASSON. But prior to that being
done, I insist on the argument I have offered,
that in the interest of freedom this Congress
should exhaust its power, alike of const ruction
and of legislation, in aid of the determination
of the rights of these citizens under the laws
of the United States to personal freedom from
any control except that of the law and its
officers.
I now ask the- Clerk to read, in justification
of the necessity for some legislation, an extract
from a paper showing what has been done near
us in the State of Maryland:
The Clerk read, as follows:
negroes sold as a punishment fob c8i3ts.
Pcblic Sale.—The undersigned will offer for sale
at the court-house door ill the city of Annapolis, at
eleven o'clock a. m. on Saturday, the 22d of De-
cember, a negro man named John Johnson, aged
about forty years. The said negro was convicted at
the October term, 1866, of the circuit court of Anne
Arundel county, of larceny, and sentenced to.besold.
WILLIAM BRYAN, Sheriff.
Baltimore, December 21.—Four negroe3 convicted
of larceny, and ordered to be sold by Jadge Magruder
at Annapolis, were sold on Saturday last.
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question ?
Mr. KASSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. THAYER. I wish to inquire whether
he intends to give an opportunity for amend-
ment of this resolution.
Mr. KASSON. I have modified it iu the
last clause, and I will ask the Clerk to read it
as modified before the gentleman offers his
amendment.
Mr. THAYER. I understand the gentleman
intends to afford an opportunity to propose
amendments.
Mr. KASSON. I prefer first to hear them
lest they may defeat the object of the joint
resolution. I ask the Clerk to read my mod-
ification.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out of the last part of tho proposed joint
resolution the following:
And that all orders, judgments, or decrees author-
izing or directing the sale or other disposition into
servitude of any person within the jurisdiction of the
United States otherwise than as abo?e declared to be
lawful, are and shall be taken and held to be in vio-
lation of the thirteenth constitutional amendment
aforesaid, and thereforo void; and insert in lieu
thereof the following:
And that all orders, judgments, or decrees author-
ising or directing any disposition into involuntary
| servitude of any person within the jurisdiction of the
\ United States otherwise than as above declared to be
j lawful, or authorizing or directing tho sale of any
; person in any case wbatovcr into slavery or involun-
! tary servitude, arc and shall betaken and held to be
i in violation of tho thirteenth amendment to the
Constitution aforesaid, and void.
Mr. KASSON. The point to which I wish to
call attention in the proposed amendment is
this, that it proclaims distinctly, while it was
left slightly in doubt in the former draft before
the country, that no such thing as selling a man
into slavery can possibly exist in the present
condition of the Constitution and laws of the
country; that there must be a direct condem-
nation into that condition under the control of
the officers of the law. like the sentence of a
