1110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
once to make a town, and some of these local-
ities are removed at a great distance from the
surveyed portions of the country. Now, if
the people of the State, before they can enter
a town site under this law, are compelled to
wait until the lands are surveyed, there will be
no town sites as a.general rule to which this
law will apply, becausc generally the surveyed
lands are taken as soon as they are surveyed
and in many cases befor# they are surveyed
by private individuals.
As has been suggested by the Senator from
Nevada, there is no regular system of surveys
in the State of Oregon, but the lands are sur-
veyed in different localities according to the
topography of the country. Some portions of
the State are agricultural, and they are sur-
veyed. Then there are other large portions
of the State that are not surveyed because they
are not agricultural lands but abound in min-
eral resources; and wherever a discovery is
made of a mine ir. any particular locality hun-
dreds of people will settle there at once and
make a town, and that town may be a great
distance from any of the regular surveys of the
State. The object of this bill is to enable the
citizens of that town to enter their land when-
ever the surveys are extended to that locality.
When a town of that kind is made, when people
settle upon unsurveyed public land in order to
make a town, this bill provides that it shall be
understood that the laud upon which the town
is located is not subject to private entry, but
whenever the surveys are extended to that lo-
cality then it shall be entered for the advan-
tage of private individuals.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment, to
insert "Oregon."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was in line eighteen,
after the word " entry" to strikeout the words
"of the land intended by this act bo made prior
to the commencement of the public sale of the
body of land in which it is included, and that
the entry;" so that the proviso will read:
Provided, That tho entry shall includo only such
lands as arc actually occupied by tho town, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho next amendment was in line twenty-
two, after tho word " and" to insert the word
"shall."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-two,
after the word "provided" to strikeout the
word "further."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add at the end
of the bill the following proviso:
And provided further, That this act shall bo con-
strued subject to tho provisions of tho act entitled
"An act granting tho right of way to ditch and canal
owners over tho public lands, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 26, X86fi; and nothing in this
act shall be construed to grant any right in conflict
with tho rights of miners upon tho public lands
which thoy hold under uny law of Congross or by
virtue of tho rules or customs of miners.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. In line twenty-two, after
the word " town," I move to insert tho words
" the title to which is in the United States
so that it will read :
That the entry shall include only such lands as arc
actually occupied by the town, the titlo to which is
111 the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. After the word "shall,"
in the same line, I move to insert the words
" in its exterior limits."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. Now, I hope that the
amendment, offered by the Senator from Ohio
will be adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The follow-
ing amendment is moved by the Senator from
Ohio, to come in at the end of the bill -.
And provided further, That the provisions of this
act shall not apply to military or other reservations
heretofore made by the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is right, lest I might
be misunderstood in what I said a few minutes
ago, to say that this bill changes the act of 1841
in regard to the quantity of land that shall be
entered. The act of 1841 was arbitrary, allow-
ing a section of land to be entered in all cases,
or a half section, I forget which. This bill
regulates the amount that is to be entered
according to the population of the town. It
is right that I should also add, perhaps, that
the existing law requires the occupant of a
town lot, a small lot, to pay to the Government
ten dollars for the entry. This bill will allow
the land covered by the town to be entered at
the Government price, whatever it may be,
either $1 25 or $2 50 an acre. I think that
feature of the bill is right, because if the town
lots are worth ten dollars apiece that value is
given them, not by the Government, but by the
people in making their improvements.
Mr. CONNESS. In that connection I de-
sire simply to say that the recommendation as
to the quantity came from the Land Office,
because it was found that special acts had to
be passed for particular towns extending the
quantity.
The* bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
league island.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomcs the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is House bill No. 452,
being the League Island bill.
Mr. GRIMES. When I made the motion
yesterday to call up that bill, I had forgotten
that on a former day the Senator from Maine,
the chairman of the Committee on the District
of Columbia, had had to-day assigned for Dis-
trict of Columbia business. I consider it very
important that this bill should be considered
at an early day by the Senate, but I have no
disposition to allow it to interfere with the
business which at a previous day was assigned
for consideration to- day. I therefore move that
it be postponed to and made the special order
of the day for Tuesday next at one o'clock.
I understand that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance has some business that he
desires to transact on Monday.
Mr. HOWARD. Let us vote on it now and
dispose of it.
Mr. GRIMES. We cannot do that, because
the Senator from Maine [Mi\ Morrill] has
had to-day assigned for the consideration of
District of Columbia business.
Mr. CONNESS. Do you want to have tho
morning hour for it?
Mr. GRIMES. No ; I move that it be
made the special order for Tuesday next at one
o' clock.
The motion was agreed to.
bankrupt bill.
Mr. WILSON. _ With the consent of the
Senator from Maine I desire to have a vote
taken on the motion that I entered some days
since, to reconsider the vote rejeetingthe bank-
rupt bill, and then after the reconsideration it
can lie over for future consideration.
Mr. MORRILL. If it takes no time and
leads to no discussion I shall not object.
Mr. WILSON. I do not wish to take up
any time ujjon it except to have a vote taken
on the motion to reconsider, and then if the
bill is reconsidered it can lie over.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate 'now proceed to the considera-
tion of the motion to reconsider the vote reject-
ing the bankrupt bill, which was acted upon by
the Senate a few days ago.
The motion to take up the motion to recon-
sider was agreed to.
Mr. LA NR. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion to reconsider.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POLAND. I think it is very apparent
that a majority of this body are in favor of the'
bankrupt law ; but the friends of the measure
were so unfortunate as not to agree in some of
its details. I hope without any question that
this motion to reconsider will be allowed to
'prevail, and then the matter can be brought
under consideration again-, to see if the views
of the friends of the measure may not be har-
monized. I hope that it will be reconsidered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. ANTHONY (when his name was called)
said: I am paired off on this question with the
Senatorfrom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan,] who
is not in his seat; otherwise I would vote in
the affirmative, and if he were here he would
vote in the negative.
Mr. SHERMAN (after having voted in the
negative) said: I inadvertently voted. I am
paired off on this question with the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] who has been
called away by illness in his family. I there-
fore ask leave to withdraw my vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. _ The vote
will be withdrawn, no objection being made.
The result was then announced—yeas 22,
nays 14; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Chandler, Conness, Creswell,
Dixon, Doolittle, Pessenden, Foster, Harris, Howard,
Johnson, Morgan, Norton, Patterson, Poland. Pome-
roy, Ramsey, Ross, Stewart, Sumner, Van Winkle,
Wilson, and Yates—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cragin, Davis, Fogg,
Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Kirkwood, Lane,
Morrill. Nesmith, Saulsbury, Wade, and Williams
—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony,Brown, Cattell, Cowan,
Edmunds, Fowler.Frelingnuysen, Guthrie, Howe,
McDougall. Nyo, Riddle, Sherman Sprague, Trum-
bull, and Willey—16.
So tho motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now move that the fur-
ther consideration of the bill be postponed to
another day.
Mr. JOHNSON. When? Generally?
Mr. WILSON. Until to-morrow.
Mr. JOHNSON. Until Monday?
Several Senators. Say to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON.- I will say to-morrow. I
mean to-morrow legislatively. That means
that we can take it up when we choose.
The motion was agreed to.
military bills.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to give notice that
on Wednesday I shall ask the Senate to con-
sider the bill for a temporary increase of the
Army and some other Army bills. •"There were
referred to us from the House of Represent-
atives eighteen bills yesterday; we have nearly
thirty military bills from that House unacted
upon, and I" desire a few hours to dispose of
them one way or the other. I merely wish to
say that at one o'clock on Wednesday I shall
call them up.
jail in the district.
Mr. MORRILL. I propose now to proceed
with the District business. I move first to
take up Senate bill No. 550.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 550) to amend an act entitled "An act
authorizing the construction of a jail in and
for the District of Columbia," approved June
25, 1866, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to repeal so much of the sixth
section of the act approved June 25, 1866, as
specifies the amounts to be raised and paid
into the Treasury of the United States by the
cities of Washington and Georgetown respect-
ively, before the completion of the jail, and
to make it the duty of the proper authorities
of the city of Washington to raise, by tax or
otherwise, and pay into the Treasury of the
United States, at or before the time of the
completion of the jail, §78,000, and the duty
of the proper authorities of the city of George-
town to raise, by tax or otherwise, and pay
into the Treasury of the United States, at or
before the time of the completion of the jail,
$12,000.
Mr. MORRILL. Perhaps I onght to make
a word of explanation as to the bill. On the
25th July, 1866, an act was approved entitled
