1786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
March 2,
ceded him, had taken the clerk's written account of
the articles on hand, instead of making that thorough
personal examination which would have been desir-
able.
In Mr. Fulton's case more than in any other this
was pardonable, since, owing to the pressure of
business incident to the close of the war, his duties
were more arduous than had ever been performed by
any paymaster at that yard.
The difficulties of Mr. Fulton's position, owing to
the breaking up of the Potomac flotilla, were very
great, and I have no doubt that he gave to the pub-
lic property intrusted to him all the care nnd atten-
tion which he would have given to it had it been his
own.
Considering Mr. Fulton's case an exceptional one,
I hope that an examination of the papers in the ease
(which arc herewith returned) will secure a favorable
report for that officer.
Very respectfully, yonr obedient servant,
H. BRIDGE, Chief of Bureau.
Hon. Gideon* Welles, Secretary of the iVary.
In reference to the amount of loss sustained by
Paymaster Fulton through these depredations by
Thompson, and for which he asks relief, there is sub-
mitted to the committee the following letter from the
chief of the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing:
Navy Department,
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing,
Washington, January 14, 1867.
Sir: In the examination and settlement of your
account as inspector of provisions and clothing at the
navy-yard, Washington, District of Columbia, there
is found a deficiency of $17,257 99, as follows:
Clothing $12,797 28
Small stores  4,460 71
$17,257 99
Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,
H. BRIDGE, Chief of Bureau.
Paymaster James Fulton, United, States Navy, Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
In view of the facts above recited, your committee
agree in the opinion expressed in the communication
from the Secretary of the Navy that this is an excep-
tional case, and believe that it is one in which relief
can equitably and properly be granted, and they
therefore beg leave to report the accompanying bill.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. DARLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
thanks to cyrus w. field.
Mr. DARLING. I ask unanimous consent
to take up a resolution returning thanks to
Cyrus W. Field.
Mr, WILSON, of Iowa. I demand the reg-
ular order.
exchange of public documents.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was joint resolution (No. 170) to provide for
the exchange of certain public documents;
which was read a first and second time.
The resolution is as follows:
Be it resolved. That fifty copies of all documonts
hereafter printed by order of either House of Con-
gress, and fifty copies additional of all copies printed
in excess of the usual number, together with fifty
copies of each publication issued by any Department
or bureau of tne Government, be placed at the dis-
posal of the joint Committee on the Library, who
shall exchange the same through the agency of the
Smithsonian Institute for such works published in
foreign countries, and especially by foreign Govern-
ments, as may be deemed by said committee the
equivalent of said works, to be deposited in the
Library of Congress.
The resolution was ordered to a third read-
ing, and it was accordingly read the third time.
The question being upon the passage of the
joint resolution, it was put, and decided in the
negative.
So the joint resolution was rejected.
eliza 'wells.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 611, to extend to, and for
the benefit of, Eliza Wells letters-patent here-
tofore issued to Henry A. Wells, deceased;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. MYERS. I ask that the bill be put
on its passage.
Mr. HARDING, oflllinois. I demandthat
the bill shall be read.
The bill was read. It provides that the let-
ters-patent granted to Henry A. Wells in 1846,
and resigned to Henry A. Barr in 1860, num-
bered 1086 and 1087 respectively, and bearing
date the 4th of December, 1860, shall be, ana
are, extended to and for the benefit of, Eliza
Wells, as administratrix of the estate of Henry
A. Wells, deceased, for the further term of
seven years from and after the 25th of April,
18G7.
Mr. MYERS. I desire to state that the pas-
sage of this bill has been unanimously recom-
mended by the Senate Committee and by the
House Committee on Patents. The report is
very full and very satisfactory ; but unless the
reading of it is asked for I will not detain the
House at this time by having it read. I will
state in a few words, however, the reasons
which satisfied us that the bill should pass.
It is for the relief of Mrs. Eliza Wells, a very
old lady, and her children, the widow and
heirs of Henry A. Wells, deceased, the in-
ventor of a very valuable improvement in the
machinery for manufacturing hat-bodies. It
appeared in proof before the committee that
hat-bodies which formerly cost twenty-five
cents apiece, were by this means reduced in
cost to eight cents apiece ; and from the sta-
tistics before us it appeared that the public
had saved at least $6,000,000 by the invention
of Mr. Wells; yet the inventor died in ex-
treme poverty and had to be buried by the
charity of friends.
There is one peculiar feature in the case to
which I ask attention. We had the proof
before us by affidavits and otherwise that a
great number of the licensees under this pat-
ent unite in asking that it may be extended
and state that they will gladly pay a royalty
to this old lady and her children. I can truly
say on behalf of the Committee on Patents
that we have never had a more meritorious
case before us. I believe that a number of
gentlemen on this floor are acquainted with the
circumstances of this case and feel the pro-
priety of granting the relief asked. This bill
does not propose to take one dollar out of the
Treasury. I think I may be permitted to repeat
in conclusion, a remark which I have made on
a former occasion, that as the Committee on
Patents during this and the preceding Congress
have reported favorably on very few cases,
their recommendation is entitled to some
weight. I call the previous question.
Mr. UPSON. I move the bill be laid on the
table.
On the motion there were—ayes 11, noes 29 ;
no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered tell-
ers ; and appointed Mr. Upson and Mr. Dawes.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 18, noes 35; no quorum voting.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that there
be a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, when
the following-named members failed to answer
to their names:
Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Arncll, James M. Ash-
ley, Baldwin, Banks, Benjamin, Blaine, Blow, Boyer,
Brandegee.Bundy, Campbell, Chanler, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb.Conkling, Cook, Cooper, Davis, Delano, Dem-
ing, Denison, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont,
Farnsworth, Farquhar, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hart,
Hawkins, Hotchkiss, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hub-
bard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey, Hunter, Inger-
soll. Jones, Julian, Kelso. Keteham, Kuykendall,
Latham, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marquette, Mar-
shall, Marston, Marvin, McCullough, Mclndoe, Mc-
Ruer. Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morris, Nicholson,
O'Neill, Phelps, Pomeroy, Radford, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, Raymond, Ross, Rousseau, Sawyer, Shanklin,
Spalding, Starr, Strouse, Nathaniel G. Taylor,Nelson
Taylor, John L. Thomas. Thornton, Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Van Aernam. Robcrt T. Van Horn. Andrew
II. Ward, Hamilton Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Wash-
burne. Whaley, Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, Win-
dom, Woodbridge, and Wright.
The SPEAKER. One hundred and two
members—more than a quorum—have an-
swered to their names.
Mr. DARLING-. I move that further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
ELIZA WELLS—AGAIN.
Mr. UPSON. I withdraw the motion to lay
the bill on the table, and call for the reading
of the report.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
Report of Committee on Patents, to whom was
referred tlio petition of Eliza Wells, widow of the
lato llenry Augustus Wells, of the city of New York,
praying for an extension of the letters-patent for
valuablo improvements in the process of manufac-
turing fur hat-bodies.
The committeo lind that letters-patent of the Uni-
1 ted States were granted to the said Henry A. Wells,
a citizen of the State of Now York, for improvements
in the mode of manufacturing hat-bodies, bearing
date April 25,1840. That said Wells died March 27,
1851, and the petitioner was appointed administratrix
of his estate January 5, 1852.
The term of said letters-patent expired April 25,
1860. Prior to its expiration the said patent was
extended by the Commissioner for a further period
of seven years, under the act of July 4,1830, section
eighteen, which term expires April 25, 1867.
It is in proof that the invention has proved one of
great value to the public, working a complete revo-
lution in the manufacture of hat-Dodies, and saving
to the public a sum not less than SO,000,000.
The petitioner prays that said patent may be ex-
tended for a further period of seven years, to enable
the widow and heirs of the inventor to realize a rea-
sonable compensation for the labor, skill, and in-
genuity expended by the husband and father.
It is shown that Henry A. Wells devoted many
years of his life to the study and perfection of this
invention, which reduced to practice a method of
forming hat-bodies, as a substitute for the laborious
hand process of "bowing." The cost under the old
method of manufacture was about twenty-fivo cents
per hat-body, while under this invention it was
reduced to less than eight cents.
That after said letters-patent were granted, up to
March 21, 1848, the inventor received for his five
years' labor the sum of $4,254, the proceeds of tho use
I of said patent, less the sum of 82,216 51 paid by him
j for defending his right at law. At this time he con-
I veyed to sundry assignees all his right, title, and
interest in and to said patent to secure the payment
: of his debts, tho said assignees agreeing to pas; to
him during the lifeof said patentee, and to bis heirs,
I the sum of $1,200 per annum. Up to this time the
said Wells had expended nearly fourteen thousand
dollars in sustaining his patent, saving only a baro
pittance for the support of his family. In March,
1851,¥ the said Wells died, and was buried by the
charity of relatives.
The petitioner was regularly paid said annuity of
$1,200 up to the time of tbe expiration of Mid letters-
1 patent, whieh sum was the sole means of support of
1 the petitioner and her family up to April, 1860.
At this time, the petitioner, being in straightened
circumstances, and finding herself unable to procure
the means for an extension of the patent, and cnforce
the same against the many opposing interests in ex-
istence, and finding herself about to bo deprived of
all means of support, assigned all her interest in said
patent for the sam of $10,000 and a yearly annuity
of $1,200 during said extension.
The whole of said $10,000 was expended in legal
expenses relative to said patent, and she has since
been wholly supported on the annuity aforesaid.
The said extension expires on the 25th day of April,
1867, and unless the same is further extended by
Congress for a period of seven years, she, tho peti-
tioner, in her old age, with a family of three children
dependent almost wholly upon her for support, will
be deprived of all means of subsistence, and she and
her family reduced to absolute poverty.
In view of the great value of tho invention to the
public, the fact that the inventor wholly failed in his
lifetime to reap any reasonable reward for his inven-
tion, dying under circumstances of great pecuniary
distress, and that the petitioner and her family will
be entirely deprived of their means of support and
become dependents upon the charity of friends
unless this patent be extended, your committee
report in favor of granting the prayer of the peti-
tioner, and beg leave to submit the following bill:
Mr. MYERS. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded ; there
being—ayes sixty-five, noes not counted.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the bill be laid
on the table.
The motion was not agreed to; there being—
ayes 34, noes 65.
The main question was ordered ; and under
the operation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. MYERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills and
joint resolutions of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 74G) to create the office
of surveyor general in the Territory of Montana,
and establish a land office in the Territories of
Montana and Arizona;
An act (H. R. No. 865) erantiag land to aid
in the construction of a railroad from the city
