1867.
•THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nil
"An act to authorize the construction of a jail
in and for the District of Columbiaand it
was provided in this act that a portion of the
expense of the construction of the jail should
be devolved upon the cities of Washington,
Georgetown, and the county of Washington,
and in these proportions: $70,0(J0 upon Wash-
ington city, $10,000 upon Georgetown, and
$10,000 upon the country quarter of the Dis-
trict. A memorial was sent to the Senate at
this session from the authorities of Georgetown
saying that there was an inequality in this pro-
portion, and they satisfied the committee that
it was so. I understand that upon the basis
of population, if it were allowable to base the
proportion upon population, the proportion of
Georgetown would be something less than
eleven thousand dollars, about ten thousand
dollars ; but if based upon population and
property combined, it would be eleven thousand
nine hundred and some odd dollars. That is,
comparing the population and property of
Georgetown with those of the city of Washing-
ton and the country quarter; so that this bill
proposes to change the act referred to and
devolve $78,000 upon the city of Washington,
$12,000 upon Georgetown, and $10,000 upon
the country quarter of the District.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is the aggregate the
same?
Mr. MORRILL. The aggregate is the same;
the only real change in the law is that it now
devolves $78,000 upon the city of Washington
instead of $70,000, and $12,000 instead of
$20,000 upon Georgetown, which the co.mmit-
tee find to be in accordance with the fair pro-
portions estimating both population and prop-
erty. There is no new obligation.
Mr. JOHNSON". I inquire of the honor-
able chairman what is the estimated cost of the
jail?
Mr. MORRILL. Two hundred thousand
dollars was appropriated. The Secretary of
the Interior was authorized to incur an ex-
pense not exceeding that, and half of that
amount was to be supplied by the District.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, and was
read the third time, and passed.
howard university.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 529.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 520) to incorporate the Howard University
in the District of Columbia was considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported an amendment to the bill, to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
That, there be established, and is hereby established
in the District of Columbia, a university for the edu-
cation ot youth in the liberal arts and sciences, under
tho name, stylo, and title of the Howard University.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That Samuel (J.
Pomcroy, Charles B. Boynton, Oliver O. Howard,
Burton C. Cook, Charles H. Howard, James B. Hutch-
inson, Henry A. Brewster, Benjamin F. Morris, Dan-
foith B. Nichols, William G. Finney, Roswell It.
Stevens, E. M. Cushman, Jliram Barbour, E. AV.
Robinson, W. F. Bascom, J. B. Johnson, and Silas L.
Loomis. be, and they are hereby, dcclarcd to be a
body politic and corporate, with perpetual succession
in deed or in law to all intents and purposes whatso-
ever, by the name, style, and title of "the Howard
University," by which name and title, they and their
successors shall be competent, at law and in equity,
to take to themselves and their successors, for tho
use of said university, any estate whatsoever m any
messuage, lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods,
chattels, moneys, and other effects, by gift, devise,
grant, donation, bargain, sale, conveyance, assurance,
or will; and the samo to grant, bargain, sell .transfer,
assign, convey, assure, demise, declare to uso and
farm lot, and to place out on interest, for tho use of
said university, in such manner as to them, or a ma-
jority of them, shall be deemed most beneficial to
said institution; and to leceive thesame, their rents,
issues, and profits,income and ihterest, and to apply
the same for the proper use and benefit of said uni-
versity ; and by the same n amo to sue and be sued, to
implead and be impleaded, in any courts of law and
equity, in all manner of suits, actions, and proceed-
ings whatsoever, and generally by and in the same
name to do and transact all and every the businobs
touching or concerning the premises : Provided, That
the same do not exceed the value of $50,000 net an-
nual income, over and above and exclusive of the
receipts for the education and support of the students
of said university.
Sec. 3. Andbe it, further enacted. That the first meet-
ing of said corporators shall beholden at tho time and
place at which a majority of the persons herein above
named shal I assem bie for th at purpose; and six days'
notice shall be given cach of said corporators, at which
meeting said corporators may enact by-laws regulat-
ing the government of the corporation.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the govern-
ment of the university shall be vested in a board of
trustees, of not less than thirteen members, who shall
be elected by tho corporators at their first meeting.
Said board of trustees shall have perpetual succession
in deed or in law, and in them shall be vested tho
power hereinbefore granted to the corporation. They
shall adopt a common seal, which they may alter at
pleasure, under and by which all deeds, diplomas,
and acts of tho university shall pass and be authen-
ticated. They shall elect apresident, a secretary, and
a treasurer. The treasurer shall give such bonds as
the board of trustees may direct. Tho said board shall
also appoint the professors and tutors, prescribing the
number, anddetormining the amount of their respect-
ive salaries. They shall also appoint such other offi-
cers, agents, or employes, as the wants of tho univer-
sity may from time to time demand, in all cases fixing
their compensation. All meetings of said board may
be called in such manner as tho trustees shall pre-
scribe, and nine of them so assembled shall constitute
a quorum todo business, and a less number may ad-
journ from time to time.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the univer-
sity shall consist of tho following departments, and
such others as the board of trustees may establish:
first, normal; second, collegiate; third, theological;
fourth, law; fifth, medicinc; sixth, agriculture.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted. That the imme-
diate government of the several departments, subject
to tho control of the trustees, shall be intrusted to
their respective faculties; but the trustees shall reg-
ulate tho course of instruction, prescribe, with tho
advice of the professors, the necessary text-books,
confer such degroes, and grant such diplomas as are
usually conferred and granted in other universities.
Sec. 7. And be it further ouictcd, That the board of
trustees shall have power to remove anv professor or
tutor or other officers connected with the institution
when, in their judgment, the interest of the univer-
sity shall require it.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the board of
trustees shall publish an annual report, making an
exhibit of tho affairs of tho university.
Sec. 9. A,id be it further enacted. That no misnomer
of the said corporation shall defeat or annul any do-
nation, gift, grant, devise, or bequest to or liom the
said corporation.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That the said
corpoiation shall not employ its funds or income, or
any part tlieicof, in banking operations, or for any
purpose or object, other than those expressed in the
first section of this act; and that nothing in this act
contained shall be so construed as to prevent Con-
gress from altering, amending, or repealing the
samo.
Mr. MORRTLL. I move to amend section
three of the amendment by inserting after "by-
laws," in lino six, the words "not inconsistent
with the laws of the United States."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrosssed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
foundry methodist ciiuiioii.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider tho bill (S. No. 50G) to authorize the
trustees of the Foundry (Methodist Episcopal)
Church to sell and convey square No. 23.3, in
the city of Washington.
It proposes to authorize Presley Simpson,
James W. Barker, Edward Owen, David A.
Gardner, Nathaniel Mullikin, William J. Sibley,
Daniel D. T. Leech, Edward F. Simpson, and
Richard T. Morsell, trustees of the Foundry
(Methodist Episcopal) Church, in the city of
Washington, and their successors in office, to
sell and convey a certain square of ground in
that city known and distinguished on the
ground plan thereof as square numbered two
hundred and thirty-live, now held by the trust-
ees in trust for that church, and lately used,
in part, as a burial ground, free and discharged
of and from any trust, express or implied, now
existing, or which may hereafter, before the
execution of a conveyance of the square, exist,
in the trustees or their successors, whether by
virtue of the deed originally conveying tho same
to the trustees of tho church, or by virtue of
any deed or deeds, certificate or certificates,
or any writing or writings whatever, by the
trustees or their precfecessors, conveying any
lot or lots, site or sites, in the part of the
square used as a burial ground, and free and
discharged of and from any and every right,
title, and interest, legal and equitable, now
existing ill any lot holder in the burial ground,
under any contract with tho trustees or their
predecessors; but the trustees or their success-
ors are out of the proceeds of the sale to re-
move or cause to be removed tho dead that are
now interred in the ground, and to give them •
decent sepulture in some public cemetery out-
side the corporate limits of the city of Wash-
ington.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not sure that I un-
derstand the bill from the reading of it; the
honorable chairman will oblige me personally
by stating where is the necessity, or whether we
have the power to pass such a bill.
Mr. MORRILL. This bill is to relieve the
trustees of a trust which was confided to them,
and which is substantially recited in the bill
itself. A portion of the property which was
convoyed to the trustees for church purposes,
in trust for the church named, they have used
for a burial ground, and parties have been per-
mitted by the church to bury there. It has gone
into disuse now for that purpose; tho fences
are down about it; it is undesirable for that
purpose; and not only is it undesirable, but
undoubtedly the time has arrived when the
city authorities might properly enough invoke
the power of Congress to prevent burials there.
It being no longer useful lor that purpose, the
trustees desire to convert it to other purposes,
and they propose to dispose of it for other
purposes, taking upon themselves by the pro-
visions of this act the obligation and the
expense of removing the dead that are now
buried there, and give them decent sepulture
elsewhere.
I did not, know but that there might be some
legal question about it, as the honorable Sen-
ator suggests at the first start. The Senator
from West Virginia presented the bill and ex-
amined the question somewhat, and he saw
no difficulty in it; but I sent for the deed of
trust and for some of the parties whose inter-
ests were adverse, if there were any, to wit,
those who had burial licenses there, and I
came to tho conclusion from the best exami-
nation I could make of it that there was no
legal proposition involved in it,; that these
parties might be empowered to do what they
propose to do without violating the individual
rights of any other parties. That is about all
there is in the hill.
Mr. JOHNSON. It suggested itself to me
from hearing the bill read that we were about
by act of Congress to change the contract
made between the original donors or grantors
and the person for whose benefit the trust was
created. The deed is not before us. Tho
honorable member from West Virginia per-
haps can tell what the trust is. 1 suppose
that under the trust as it exists by the deed
the trustees would have no authority to dis-
pose at all of the title which is in them legally,
and purchase property elsewhere. It also
suggested itself to me that if there was a power,
notwithstanding the trust, in Congress to legis-
late as proposed, there might be some objec-
tion to legislating for the particular object that
is in view. I am exceedingly unwilling, as we
all are, to disturb the dead. It is rather re-
volting to the feelings of all humane men to
have the bones of the dead dug up and trans-
ferred elsewhere, unless there bo some com-
manding necessity looking to the health or
the actual interest of the locality in which the
burials may have taken place. 1 should like
to know from my friend from West Virginia
what is the trust which prevents the trustees
themselves accomplishing the same end that
is proposed to be accomplished by means of
this legislation.
Mr. WTLLET. It is true that I introduced
this bill originally and had it referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia._ I did
so upon no particular persona^ examination
of my own, but from representations made to
me by certain parties, who desired the action
of Congress asked for in this bill. _ They made
to me certain representations which satisfied
me that if their representations were true it
was a case proper for the interference of Con-
gress, and for the passage of a bill of tho char-
