1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1787
of Stockton to the town of Copperopolis, in the
State of California;
_ An act (H. R. No. 1173) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1868, and
for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 1227) making appropri-
ations and to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867, and
for other purposes;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 226) extending
the provisions of section two of an act entitled
"An act to extend the jurisdiction of the Court
of Claims, and to provide for the payment of
certain demands for quartermasters' stores and
subsistence supplies furnished to the Army of
the United States," approved July 4, 1864 ;
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 270) for the
relief of J. H. Riley; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 304) in relation
to the erection of a jail in the District of Co-
lumbia.
EXCHANGE OF PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. LAFLIN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House laid on the table the
joint resolution (S. No. 179) to provide for
the exchange of certain public documents.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred on the passage of the
joint resolution.
The resolution was read at length. It pro-
vides that fifty copies of all documents here-
after printed by order of either House of Con-
gress, and fifty copies additional of all docu-
ments printed in excess of the usual number,
together with fifty copies of "each publication
issued by any Department or bureau of the
Government, be placed at the disposal of the
joint Committee on the Library, who shall
exchange the same through the agency of the
Smithsonian Institution for such works pub-
lished in foreign countries, and especially by
Foreign Governments, as may be deemed by
said committee an equivalent; said works to
be deposited in the Library of Congress.
The joint resolution was passed.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motiorf to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER, from the Commit-
tee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the com-
mittee had examined and found truly enrolled
bills and joint resolutions of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed-the same:
An act (S. No. 578) to extend the provisions
of an act entitled "An act for the final adjust-
ment of private land claims in the States of
Florida, Louisiana, and Missouri," and for
other purposes;
An act (S. No. 614) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Navy to transfer the United States
iron-clad Onondaga to George Quintard, of
New York;
An act (S. No. 577) to regulate the dispo-
sition of the proceeds of fines, penalties, and
forfeitures incurred under the laws relating to
the customs, and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 603) to authorize the estab-
lishment of ocean mail steamship service be-
tween the United States and the Hawaiian
Islands;
An act (S. No. 620) for the relief of Joshua
H. Butterworth;
An act (S. No. 625) to amend an act entitled
"An act concerning the fire department of
Washington city," approved February 18,
1867;
An act (S. No. 576) relating to appeals and
writs of error to the Supreme Court;
Joint resolution (S. li. No. 66) for the relief
of Joseph R. Morris;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 176) relative to
the post office and sub-Treasury of the city
of Boston; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 181) concerning
the right of way for the survey and construction
of an inter-oceanic ship-canal through the
Isthmus of Darien.
GOVERNMENT OF REBEL STATES.
The Speaker laid before the House the fol-
lowing letter from the Clerk of the House of
Representatives; which was read and laid on
the table:
Clerk's Office,
House of Representatives of the United States,
Washington, D. C., March 2,1867.
Sir : I have the honor to state that, in accordance
with the resolution of the House of Representatives
of the 2d instant, I have presented to the Secretary
of State the bill entitled "An act to provide for the
more efficient government of the rebel States," to-
gether with the certificates of the Clerk of the House
of Representatives and the Secretary of tho Senate,
showing that the said act was passed by a vote of two
thirds of both Houses of Congress after the same had
been returned to the House of Representatives by the
President with his objections, and after the recon-
sideration of said act by both Houses of Congress, in
accordance with the Constitution.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant, .
EDWARD McPIIKRSON,
Clerk of the House of ltepresentatives.
Hon. Schcyleb Colfax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
j REV. SAMUEL 31. BEATTY.
' The House, according to order, resumed the
consideration of business on the Speaker's
table, the first business in order being a bill
(S. No. 463) for the relief of Rev. Samuel M.
Beatty, of Ohio ; which was read a first and
I second time.
The bill was read at length. It provides for
paying to Samuel M. Beatty, of Ohio, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated the sum of $413 60, the pay and
allowance due to him as chaplain from Jan-
uary 12, 1863, to April 25, 1863, at the United
States hospital at Cleveland, Ohio.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
COURTS-MARTIAL IN TIIE ARMY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 628) entitled "An act relative
to courts-martial in the Army;" which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that this bill be
indefinitely postponed.
Mr. SCHENCK. As chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs I shall not oppose
the indefinite postponement of this bill. It is
a measure the passage of which is desired by
the Judge Advocate General of the Army, and
which 1 find contains some valuable matter,
but along with it much which I think would
not meet, the approval of the Committee t>n
Military Affairs or of the House. At this pe-
riod of the session there is no time for the proper
i consideration of such a measure, but I hope it
will be brought up at some future time.
The motion of Mr. Garfield was agreed
to; and the bill was indefinitely postponed.
D. B. ALLEN AND COMPANY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 013, to provide for the
payment of D. B. Allen & Co. for services in
carrying the United States mails ; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill provides that the sum of $23,000
be appropriated out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
payment of D. B. Allen & Co., for carrying
the United States mails between New York
and San Francisco in 1864 and 1865, during
the suspension of the overland mail service on
the overland route, and that the same shall be
in full payment for said service.
Mr. ALLEY. I move that the bill be put
on its passage.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That bill has not been
before the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. McRUER. I will say to the gentleman
from Missouri that it has been before the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
that it comes here recommended by that com-
mittee.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I make the point of order
that the bill contains an appropriation, and
must therefore, under the rules, be referred to
the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the
point comes too late. It ought to have been
made before the gentleman made his other
point.
Mr. McR4FER. It has been duly considered
by the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and I now demand the previous ques-
tion on its passage.
The previous question was not seconded;
only twenty voting in the affirmative.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved that it be referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REMOVAL OF CAUSES FROM STATE COURTS.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 606, to amend an act enti-
tled "An act for the removal of causes in cer-
tain cases from State courts,'' approved July 27,
18G6; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move that the bill be
put on its passage.
The bill provides that the act for the removal
of causes in certain cases from State courts,
approved July -27, 1866, be amended as fol-
lows : that where a suit is now pending, or
may hereafter be brought, in any State court
in which there is a controversy between a citi-
zen of the State in which the suit is brought
and a citizen of another State, and the matter
in dispute exceeds the sum of $500, exclusive
of costs, such citizen of another State, whether
he be plaintiff or defendant, if he will make
and file in such State court an affidavit that he
has reason to and does believe that from preju-
dice or local influence he will not be able to
obtain justice in such State court, may, at any
time before the final hearing or trial of the
suit, file a petition in such State court for the
removal of the suit into the next circuit court
of the United States to be held in the district
where the suit is pending, and offer good and
sufficient surety for his entering in such court
on the first day of its session copies of all pro-
cess, pleadings, depositions, testimony, and
other proceedings in said suit, and ^oing such
other appropriate acts as by the act to which
this act is amendatory are required to be
done upon the removal of a suit into the United
States court; and it shall be thereupon the
duty of the State court to accept the surety and
proceed no further in the suit; and the said
copies being entered as aforesaid in such court
of the LTnited States, the suit shall there pro-
ceed in the same manner as if it had been
brought there by original process; and all the
provisionsof the act to which this is amendatory
respecting any bail, attachment, injunction, or
other restraining process, and respecting any
bond of indemnity, or other obligation given
upon the issuing or granting of any attachment,
injunction, or other restraining process, shall
apply with like force and effect in all respects
to similar matters, process, or things in the
suits for the removal of which this act provides.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
A. G. SLOO AND COMPANY.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the Senate joint resolution No. 165, to
refer the claims of the trustees of A. G. Sloo
to the Court of Claims.
The joint resolution states that doubts are
entertained whether the claim of the trustees
of Albert G. Sloo npon the Government of
the United States for compensation for extra
services in carrying the United States mails
from 1851 to 1859, inclusive, is embraced by
existing !«ws giving jurisdiction to the Court
