MB
TBS COTORESSKMAI, GLOBE
allowance for the judge who presided, when'
appeals of the kind I have referred to,-founded
on motives of humanity, were FfiadetOhim. for
givingthat construction to the "law if his judg-
ment approved it. I have, said all- t desire to
say upon this question.
Mr. KASSON. I will!yield for a moment
to niy colleague, [Mri'drRisfSsLL,] who desires
to ask the gentlemaa'from Maryland a question.
Mr. GKINNBLIW 1 understood the gentle-
man from Maryland to eulogize the spirit and
temper of the Maryland judiciary. I wisli to
inquire whether the statement is true, made by
JudgeBond, that twelve churches and school-
house's belonging to the colored people w%*e
burntin that vicinity during a recent period?
Mr. PHELPS. We have had- in our State
Unfortunately, as in every other' State of the
Union, cases of arson. There are vicious, tur-
bulent, and lawless men in the State of Maryland
as Well as in every other State. I do not claim
that all the people I represent are without
exception either cherubim or seraphim or
angels or'the descendants of angels. I have
heard that there have been such outrages'as
the gentleman has referred' to. It was to' be
expected in the abrupt transition from a state
of'slavery to one of freedom that" individual
Cases of' aggression • should occasionally occur
on the part of thoughtless or reckless.men.
Mr. GRINNELL. I would: ask the gentle-
man whether any attempt has been made, to
his knowledge, to arrest and punish those who
committed these outrages? The assertion is
made by the friends of the colored race in
Maryland that there has been no attempt at a
eonviction of tliose who have driven these peo-
ple from the temples of God and burnt' their
school-houses and churches. I state that against
the spirit which he comjftendsin Maryland and
whieh' I proclaim barbarism, and therefore I
tliank my colleague for the introduction of this
resolution and the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Thayer] for his amendment, which
would punish by fine and imprisonment these
outrages of the law.
Mr. KASSON. I was about to say, in re-
sponse to the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Phelps,] that if all his people are not cheru-
bim and seraphim there ought to be a suffi-
cient approximation to that condition—even if
only two or three can be gathered together—
there should be enough of the spirit of liberty
and regard for individual rights among his
people to condemn these outrages as against
humanity and civilization. The difficulty is
that no action of that community condemns
them. This occasions the necessity for the
Congress of the United States not only to con-
demn them but to legislate for their punishment.
But for that no man more cheerfully than my-
self would leave the entire legislation to the
people of the State, the majority of whom
ought to have some regard for human rights.
Mr. PHELPS. I do not wish to intrude on
the time or attention of the House, but I
would simply say that there is no State within
the limits of this Union the people of which
exercise toward the unfortunate race to which
the gentleman refers a kinder or more liberal
and humane spirit than the State of Maryland.
I' venture to say for the district which I repre-
sent, comprehending the larger portion of the
city of Baltimore, and for the whole city, that
there has been at all times, and is now, as
liberal, just, and friendly a spirit exhibited
toward this colored race, and that the relations
between that race and the white race have been
as satisfactory and creditable to both as in any
other city in this great country. And I will
tell the gentleman further, in reply to the
charges of arson in remote and thinly-settled
portions of the State, that in the great-city of
New York, in one, two, and three days' of riot,
at the very height and crisis of the war, when
men were needed to suppress the rebellion
and when the people of that city were called
upon to furnish them, more colored men,
women, and children were assaulted, outraged,
and massacred, and more of their houses
burned and sacked in that short period of time
~jr-
January 8,
tiart have'been done ia the whole State"of
Maryland during the whole period since the
war.
Mr. KASSON^ But in the city of New York,
if I remember tightly the ringleaders of the
riot were arrested, tru^ bills were found against
them, and they "were tried, convicted, and im-
prisoned in the penitentiary of the State within1
thirty days froin the commission of the offense.
Can thegentlemaW point me to such action in
the State o'f Maryland?
Mr. PHELPS. Yes, sir; many of such
offenders' there have been similarly punished.
Mfe KASSON. And has tfee property 'de-
stroyed been paid for, as in New York ? That
is the'distinction between a "comnftmity organ-
ically opposed to such outrages and the com-
munity that tolerates them.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to obtain the action of
this House upon this bill this morning. I think
the measure has been sufficiently explained to
meet the sentiments of the entire House, if their
sentiments'are in favor of the honest' construc-
tion of the anti-slavery amendment to the Con-
stitution. There is but one man that I know
of in the United States to-day who has dared
to propose a restoration of slavery, and he, 1
apprehend, must be some lunatic, found in the
district of'my friend from the Chicago district
of Illinois, [Mr. Wentworth,] who has sent a
memorial for that purpose to the Congress of
the United States. Now, sir, I wish by the
passage of this resolution, so far as it may, to
put the question completely at rest in r^ation
to the proper construction of this amendment
to the Constitution.
Before I call the previous question, I ask
unanimous consent to change the enacting
clause from "Be it resolved, &c.. to "Be it
enacted,"' &c.; and to change the title so that
it will read, "A bill to enforce the thirteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States."
No objection was made.
Mr. KASSON. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. KASSON. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Messrs. Kassos, Shaxkxin, Niblack, and
Triable called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
dccided in the affirmative—yeas 121, nays 25,
not voting, 45; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnoll,
James M. Ashley, Baker. Baldwin, Banks,'Barker,
Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bergen, Bidwell, Bing-
ham. Blaine, Boutwel], Brandegee. Bromwell,Broom-
all, Buckland, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Culloin, Cul ver,Dnrlinsr, Dawes,
Defrees, Delano, Deming, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Farnsworth, Farquhar,
Ferry;, Garfield, Grirmell, Griswold, AbnerC. Harding,
Hawkins, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill. Holmes,
Hooper. Chester D. Hubbard, John IX. Hubbard,
Jamos R. Hubbell, Humphrey, Hunter, IngersoH,
Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Kelso, Keteham,
Koontz, Kuykendall, Latham, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence. Longyear, Lynch,Marston, Mar-
vin, Maynard, McCiurg, McKce, McRuer, Mercur,
Miller. Morrill, Moulton, Myers,_ Newell, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Patterson. Perham. Pike, Plants, Price,
Radford. William H. Randall, Raymond, Alexander
II. Rice, John H. Rice, Ross, Snwyer, Schenok, Sco-
field, Spalding. Starr, Stokes, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Thayer, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Acrnam, Burt "Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner,
Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, Welker,
Wentworth, Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F.
Wilson, Windom, and Winfield—122.
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Campbell, Cooper, Daw-
son, Eldridge, Finek, Glossbrenner, Aaron Harding,
Hise, Hogan, Kerr, Leftwich, McCullough. Niblack,
Nicholson, Noell, Phelps, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter,
Rogers. Shanklin, Strouse, Taber, Trimble, and An-
drew II. W ard—25.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Blow. Boyer, Chanler, Conkling, Davis, Denison,
Dumont, Eliot. Goodyear, Hale, Harris, Hart, Hotch-
kiss, Asahel W. Hubbard. Demas Hubbard, Edwin
N. Hubbell, Hulburd, Johnson, Jones, Laflin, Le
Blond, Loan, Marshall, Mclndoo, Moorhead, Mor-
ris, Pomeroy, Rollins, Rousseau, Shellabargcr, Sit-
(rrcafox, Sloan, Stevens, StilweU, Nelson baylor,
$ran.CIS Thomas, Thornton, Robert T. Van Horn,
William B. Washburn, Whaloy, Woodbridge, and
Wright—44.
So the bill was passed.
• Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; aud also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
burning of the new ironsides.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I rise to what I sup-
pose to be a privileged question. Prior to the
late recess of Congress the Committee on
Naval Affairs, of which I am a member, was
charged by the House with the duty of investi-
gating the facts connected with the destruction
by fire of the United States steamer New Iron-
sides in the Delaware river. It is necessary
for a proper and thorough investigation of
those facts that the committee should go to
Philadelphia and be absent for a few days. I
therefore ask the leave of this House for the
members of the Committee on Naval Affairs
to be absent, say from Thursday morning until
the beginning of next week.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
ask if it is desired that the whole of t.he com-
mittee shall go.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. That is to be optional
with the members of the committee.
There being no objection, leave was accord-
ingly granted.
purchases by ordnance office.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting, in com-
pliance with the acts of April 21, 1808, and
March 3, 1809, a statement of the purchases
made by the Ordnance office during the year
ending December 31,1866 ; which was laid on
the table and ordered to be printed.
quartermaster generates contracts.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, transmitting, in
compliance with the acts of April 21, 1808,
and July 17, 1862, the contracts made by the
Quartermaster General from July 1, 1866, to
December 31, 1864; which was laid on the
table and ordered to be printed.
public buildings in new york city.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior and Acting
Postmaster General, transmitting the report
of the commission appointed under a resolu-
tion of Congress, approved May 16, 1866, to
inquire concerning a suitable site for buildings
for courts and post office in New York city;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
rock and illinois rivers.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
of the Secretary of War, transmitting, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the House of J an-
uary 3, 1867, the report of the chief of engi-
neers on the subject of the surveys of the Rook
and Illinois rivers; which was, on motion of
Mr. Wentworth, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
mineral resources of the west.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmit-
ting a preliminary report by Mr. J. Ross Browne
upon the mineral resources of the States and
Territories west of the Rocky mountains; which
was referred to the Committee on Mines and
Mining, and ordered to be printed.
printing revenue documents.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio, reported from the
Committee on Printing the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there bo printed fortho use of tho
House twenty thouband oo|>ic3 of the report ot tiis
