1788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
of Claims; and it therefore provides, in order
to remove all doubts on tliat subject, that the
said claim of the trustees of Albert G. Sloo
be referred to the Court of Claims for adjudi-
cation thereof, on the petition of said trustees
presented to said court, pursuant to authority
conferred on said court by any existing law to
examine and decide claims referred to it by
Congress.
Mr. DELANO. I understand this claim
involves a considerable sum of money, not
less than $1,000,000. I do not know its merits.
I do not rise to make objection to the case but
to call for information.
Mr. SCHENCK. My attention has been
called to this case. It is one of those cases
•where there have been favorable reports by
both Houses heretofore, but there is a conflict
in regard to the amount. I think this is one
of those cases which ought to have the delib-
erate examination of a court, and not hurried
through here. I hope, therefore, the joint
resolution will be passed, and that this matter
will be referred to be examined judicially by
the Court of Claims,
Mr. UPSON. I think we had better keep
the matter within the control of the House.
No objection is made that it has not been con-
sidered here.
Mr. SCHENCK. My experience is that
large claims acquire a sort of momentum and
will go through the House without much con-
sideration. The hugeness of a claim is usually
in its favor instead of against it. There has
not been that examination there ought to be
in this case, and the question is whether Con-
gress should be the arbiter or it should be
referred to the Court of Claims to be judicially
examined. The solicitor of the Court of Claims
informs me this joint resolution is necessary to
remove doubts entertained on the subject.
Mr. UPSON. If there is any doubt about
it, I think it should be referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
Mr. SCHENCK. I trust that reference will
not be made. I think the resolution as it
passed the Senate is a just and fair one. I
say this after examination of the whole matter.
I say also in relation to it that it has had most
favorable reports made by Judge Collamer,
whose knowledge on that subject every one will
admit, as well as that he was both a good law-
yer and ft honest man.
Mr. SPALDING. Has this ever undergone
the investigation of anyone of the House com-
mittees ?
Mr. SCHENCK. It is not presented in the
nature of a claim: it is simply a question of
jurisdiction. It only removes the doubts which
now exist as to whether the Court of Claims
has jurisdiction at this time.
Mr. SPALDING. How much is the claim?
Mr. SCHENCK. It is large in amount. I
■will sura up by saying that the Postmaster
General, who made a favorable and exceed-
ingly able report on this subject, reported in
favor of one amount in case a certain construc-
tion is given to certain contracts, and another
amount if another construction is given, mak-
ing it a judicial question. I think the court is
a better tribunal to settle a judicial question
like this than Congress.
Mr. STEVENS. Does it not go before the
Court of Claims without the passage of this
resolution ?
Mr. SCHENCK. That is a doubt which the
court wants removed, and which the solicitor
of the court applies to have removed. The
language of the resolution is prepared so as to
remove all doubt and give jurisdiction to the
Court of Claims.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
enrolled bill sldned.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
following title ; when the Speaker signed the
same:
As act (H. R. No. 1234) to incorporate the
joint-stock company of the Young Men's Chris-
tian Association of Washington.
accounts of disbursing officers.
Mr. DAWSON submitted the following priv-
ileged report:
The committe of conference upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on Senate joint resolution
No. 173, to facilitate the settlement of accounts of
disbursing officers, after full and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, that the
House of Representatives recede from their amend-
ment to said resolution.
JOHN L. DAWSON.
JAMES F. WILSON,
Manager8 on the part of the Hoiiw.
HENRY WILSON,
GEORGE H. WILLIAMS,
JAMES W. GRIMES,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report was adopted.
Mr. DAWSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was adopted; and
aho moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
amendment of naval laws.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 509, to amend certain
acts in relation to the Navy, which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. RJCE, of Massachusetts, moved that
the bill be put upon its passage.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend by striking out in section two, after the
word " that," these words:
The number of midshipmen authorized by law at
the Naval Academy shall be exclusive of those who
on the 5th of March of each year shall be members
of the graduating class of that year and.
Mr. SPALDING. Does this bill propose to
make a commandant of the Marine corps a
brigadier general ?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. It does.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the House will
vote against it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend the eighth section by inserting after the
word " ten" the words " appointed annually."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. In the same
section I move further to amend by inserting
after the word "appointed" the words "for
any vacancy already existing."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move the
following as a new section:
Sue.—. And be it further enacted. That officers on
the retired and reserved lists of the Navy shall Jae
entitled to promotion as their several dates on the
active list are promoted; but such promotion shall
not entitle them to any pay beyond that to which
they were entitled when retired, unless upon active
duty, when they shall receive the full pay of their
respective grades: Provided, That no promotion
shall be made to the grade of rear admiral upon tho
retired list, in order that there shall be in that grade
tho full number allowed by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I call the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to strike out the
eighth section as follows:
That the commandant of the Marine corps shall
have the rank and pay of a brigadier general of the
Army.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I will say to
the gentleman that the committee have thor-
oughly examined the subject, and that we snb-
mitted an elaborate report on the subject. We
find that it was recommended by the Secretary
of the Navy and by the most distinguished men
connected with the Navy to embrace the com-
mandant of that corps.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I will give
the gentleman an opportunity to taken vote on
this amendment to strike out the eighth section.
The question being put on striking out the
section, there were—ayes 47, nees 46, no quo-
ram voting.
The Chair ordered tellers; and Messrs. Rice,
of Massachusetts, and Spalding, were ap-
pointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 55, noes 64.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The bill, as amended, wasordered to be read
a third time, and was accordingly read the
third time.
Mr. SPALDING. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SPALDING. I withdraw the call; I
intended to move the yeas and nays on the
paragraph, and not the passage of the bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio.. I insist upon
the call.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 65, not voting
32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ancona, Delos R.
Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Bidwell, Bingham,
Blaine, Boutwell, Boyer, Bundy, Chanlcr, Cooper,
Darling, Davis, Dawes, Dawson. Dixon, Dodge, Eg-
gleston, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferry, Garfield, Gloss-
brenner, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Aaron Harding,
Hart. Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill, Hogan, Hooper,
Chester D. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Hulburd,
Ingersoll. Jenckes, Jones, Kasson.Kelley, Kerr, Kuy-
kendall, Laflin, Latham, Le Blond, Lynch, Marston,
Marvin, Maynard, McClurg, McCullough, McKuer,
Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Myers,
Newell, Nicholson, Noell, O'Neill, Orth, Patterson,
Perham, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, Radford, Ray-
mond, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rite, Rollins,
Schenck.Shanklin, Sitgreares, Starr, Stilwell, Strouse,
Thayer, Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, Henry D.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Whaley, Wood-
bridge, and Wright—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Arnell, Baker,
Baxter. Beaman, Benjamin, Bergen, Bromwell,
Broomall, Buckliftid, Campbell, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cullom, De-
frees. Delano, Farquhar, Finck, Goodyear, Abner C.
Harding, Harris, Hawkins, Hise. Holmes, Hotchkis3,
Demas Hubbard, James R. llubbell. Hunter. Julian,
Ketcham, Koontz, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence. Leftwich, Marshall, McKee, Moulton,
Paine, William H. Randall, Ritter, Ross, Sawyer,
Scofieid, Sbellabarger, Sloan, Spalding, Stevens,
Stokes, Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Van Aernam. Burt Van Horn, An-
drew H. Ward, Wentworth, Williams, JamesF. Wil-
son, Windom, and Winfield—65.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Blow,
Brandegee, Culver, Deming, Denison, Donnelly,
Driggs, Dumont, Eekley, Eliot, Asahel W. Hubbard,
John H. Hubbard, Humphrey, Kelso, Loan, Long-
year. Marquette, Mclndoe, Niblack, Phelps, Sam-
uel J. Randall, Rogers, Rousseau. Nelson Taylor,
Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Ham-
ilton Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, Welker, and Ste-
phen F. Wilson—32.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed j
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Clark,
one of its Clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, a bill and
joint resolutions of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 591) foT the relief of
Thomas D. Burrall;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 267) for the
reduction of the military reservation at Fort
Riley, and to grant land for bridge purposes
to the State of Kansas ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 297) instruct-
ing the Secretary of the Interior to order a
survey for a bridge or bridges across the
Potomac.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the commit-
tee had examined and found truly enrolled
bills of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 609) allowing the duties on
foreign merchandise imported into the port
of Albany to be secured and paid at that
place;
An act (S. No. 557) for the relief of .lames
Fulton, paymaster in the United States Navy ;
and
An act (S. No. 588) for the relief of Wil-
liam H. Webb.
