1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1789
admission op ladies on the jloor.
Mr. STEVENS. I make the usual motion
on the last day of the session, that the families
of members be admitted into the cloak-rooms
of this Hall.
Tho motion was agreed to unanimously.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
chosen Hon. Benjamin P. Wade, one of the
Senators from the State of Ohio, President of
the Senate pro tempore.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, a joint
resolution of the House No. 283, authorizing
the Secretary of State to present to Captain
James G. Smith, of the British brig Victoria, a I
fold chronometer in token of appreciation of 1
is services in rescuing from death the master,
officers, crew, and passengers on board of the
American brig E. H. Fitler. !
thanks to cyrus w. field. j
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the joint resolution of the
Senate No. 148, presenting the thanks of Con-
gress to Cyrus W. Field; which was read a
first and second time.
The joint resolution yras read at length.
The first resolution provides that the thanks
of Congress be presented to Cyrus \V. Field,
of New York, for his foresight, courage, and
determination in establishing telegraphic com- j
munication, by means of the Atlantic cable,
traversing mid ocean, and connecting the ,
Old World with the New, and that the Pres-
ident of the United States be requested to
cause a gold medal to be struck with suitable
emblems, devices, and inscriptions to be pre-
sented to Mr. Field.
The .second resolution provides that when
the medal shall have been struck, the Pres-
ident shall cause a copy of this joint resolution '
to be engrossed on parchment, and shall trans- i
mit the same, together with the medal, to Mr. I
Field, to be presented to him in the name of
the people of the United States of America.
The third resolution provides that a sufficient
mm of money to carry this joint resolution
into effect shall be appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
The joint resolution was then read the third
time, and passed unanimously.
brevets in the armt.
The House resumed the consideration of
business upon the Speaker's table; the next
business being Senate bill No. 634, relating
to brevets in the Army of the United States ;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read at length. It authorizes
the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to confer brevet rank
•on officers in the Army of the United States
■on account of gallant, meritorious, or faithful
conduct in the volunteer service, prior to ap-
pointment in said Army of the United States.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to say simply
that a bill precisely similar to this passed the
House unanimously some time since. But
there seems to be a pride of paternity in some
charters about such bills, and the bill was killed
in the Senate on the report of the Committee
on Military Affairs of that body. The same
bill is now sent back to us a Senate bill, being
word for word and letter for letter the very bill
which the House has already passed. The
bill, in its present exact shape, was originally
reported from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs of this House by my colleague on that
committee, the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
.blaine.]
The bill was then read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
presents from emperor of russia.
The next business on the Speaker's table,
was Senate joint resolution No. 184, author-
izing Gustavus V. Fox, late Assistant Secre-
tary of the Navy, and the officers of the iron-
clad Miantonomoh and of the gunboat Augusta
to accept presents tendered them by the Em-
peror of Russia; which was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution was then read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. RlCE, of Massachusetts, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed ; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
brazilian chamber of senators, etc.
The last business upon the Speaker's table
was the Senate joint resolution No. 183, thank-
ing the Chamber of Senators and Deputies of
Brazil for their resolutions of sorrow and sym-
pathy on the death of President Lincoln; which
was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was then read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
nENRY miller.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the select Com-
mittee on the Murders of Union Soldiers in
South Carolina, made a report in the case of
Henry Miller; which, with the accompanying
documents, was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
enrolled bills and joint resolutions.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER, from the Commit-
tee on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had
examined and found truly enrolled bills and
joint resolutions of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 463) for the relief of Rev.
Samuel M. Beatty, of Ohio ;
An act (S. No. 611) to extend to, and for
the benefit of, Eliza Wells, letters-patent here-
tofore issued to Henry A. Wells, deceased ;
An act (S. No. 606) to amend an act entitled
"An act for the removal of fcauses in certain
eases from State courts," approved July 27,
1866;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 173) to facilitate
the settlement of accounts of disbursing offi-
cers ;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 178) in relation
to national banking associations ; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 179) for the ex-
change of certain public documents.
Mr. COBB, from the same committee, also
reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled a bill and joint resolutions of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act' (H. R. No. 591) for the relief of
Thomas D. Burrall;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 267) for the
reduction of the military reservation of Fort
Riley, and to grant land for bridge purposes to
the State of Kansas ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 283) authorizing
the Secretary of State to present to Captain
James G. Smith, of the British brig Victoria,
a gold chronometer in token of appreciation
of his services in rescuing from death the mas-
ter, officers, crew, and papers on board of the
American brig E. H. Fitler; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 297) instructing
the Secretary of the Interior to order a survey
for a bridge or bridges across the Potomac.
paris exposition.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to a privileged motion.
Several gentlemen who voted against the joint
resolution of the Senate No. 104, supplement-
ary to other joint resolutions to enable the
people of the United States to participate in
the advantages of the Universal Exhibition at
Paris in 1867, have asked ma to move again
to suspend the rules, so that the joint resolu-
tion may be considered in the House and not
in Committee of the Whole. I make the mo-
tion at their suggestion, feeling that it is my
duty to submit the question to the House.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
• 'Mr. BANKS. I have no objection to the
yeas and nays. I will merely state that if the
motion to suspend the rules is agreed to, I
shall move to decrease the appropriation from
$93,000 to $50,000, upon the suggestion of the
agent for the State of Illinois, who has expressed
the opinion to me that $50,000 will be sufficient
to accomplish what is necessary.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
j in the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 51, not vot-
ing 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Banks, Barker. Baxter, Bidwell,
Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Boutwell, Boyer, Bromwell,
Buckland, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Cooper, Cullom,
Darling. Davis. Dawes, Dawson, Delano, Deming,
Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley. Eggleston,
Eldridge, Eliot, Famswoitb, Farquhar, Ferry, Gar-
1 field, Goodyear, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Ahner C.
Harding, Henderson, lligby, Hill, Hogan, Hooper,
Chester D. Hubbard, Dcmas Hubbard, Edwin N.
Hubbcll, Ilulburd, Humphrey, Hunter, lugersoll,
Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Kelso, Ivuykendall,
Lafiin, Latham, Leftwich, Lynch. Marshall. Marston,
Marvin, Maynard, McCIurg, Mcltuer, Moorhead,
Moulton, Myers, Newell, Nicholson, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Perham, Phelps, Plants, Pomeroy, Radford,
William II. Randall, Raymond, Alexander II. Rice,
John II. Rice, Ross, Rousseau, Sitgreaves, Sloan,
Spalding, Starr, Stilwell, Strouse, Taber, Nathaniel
G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas,
VanAernain, Burt Van Horn. Robert T. Van Horn,
Andrew H. Ward, Hamilton Ward, Warner, Henry
D. Washburn, Wentworth. Whaley. James F. Wil-
son, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Winfield, Wood-
bridge, and Wright—106.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
i Baker, Baldwin, Beaman, Benjamin, Bergen, Broom-
all. Campbell. Reader W. Clarke, Cook, Defiees. Den-
: ison, Fmck, Glossbrenner, Aaron Hardinsr, Hawkins,
>1 Hayes, Ilise, Holmes, Hotchkiss, Jones, Kerr, Ketch-
i am, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Le
Blond, McCullough, MeKee. Mercur, Miller, Mor-
ris, Niblack, Nocll, Pike, Hitter, Rogers, Rollins,
! Sawyer, Scofield, Shanklin, Shellabarger, Stevens,
Stokes, Thornton,Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Wel-
ker, and Williams—51.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Brandegee, Bundy, Cobb,
Conklmg, Culver. Duinont, Harris, Hart, Asahel W.
Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James 11. Hubbcll,
Koontz, Loan, Longyear, Marquette, Mclndoe, Mor-
rill, Patterson, Price, Samuel J. Randall, Schenck,
John L. Thomas, Elihu B. Washburne, and William
B. Washburn—34.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended.
The House proceeded to consider the joint
resolution.
The joint resolution vr?is read. The first
resolution provides :
1. That the commission of the United States
at the Universal Exhibition to be held at Paris i n
the year 1807 shall consist of the commissioner
general and honorary commissioner, whose
appointment was approved by the joint resolu-
tion of January 22, 1866 ; also of the thirty
commissioners whose appointment was pro-
vided for by the joint resolution of July 5,
1866, and of twenty commissioners whose ap-
pointment is hereinafter provided for.
2. That the commissioner general shall be tfee
president of the commission thus constituted,
with a vote on all questions that may arise.
3. That the commissioner shall meet at Paris
■as early as possible before the opening of the
Exhibition, upon the call of the commissioner
General, and, when properly organized, shall
make such rules and regulations as may be
necessary for efficient action, with power to
elect a vice president from their own number,
who, in the absence of the commissioner gene-
ral, shall preside at all meetings of the commis-
sion, and. to appoint committees and chairmen
of groups.
4. That the commission may designate addi-
tional persons, not exceeding twenty in num-
ber, being citizens of the United States, known
to be skilled in any branch of industry or art,
who are hereby authorized to attend the Exhi-
bition in behalf of the United States as hon-
orary commissioners.
6. That the commission may employ a sec-
retary and clerks for tha commission, the
