1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1113
he belonged, and if there was an association
attached to that church competent to carry out
the object of the bill he would find in all
probability that his child was there.
So far from its attempting to interfere with
the religious notions people may entertain it
would seem to me to be clearly right that a
Methodist parent, who would naturally desire
to have his child educated by some Methodist
association, should be secured in bringing that
result about, and so in relation to the other
sects.
There is, for example, in Baltimore an in-
stitution established by the Catholic church
whieh takes charge of the children belonging
to that church who are not able to take care of
themselves or whose parents are not able to
take care of them, and who have no means left
to them by others with which to educate them-
selves ; and it has operated, as I am told by
those in whom I place every reliance, most
beneficially. There is also in the State of New
York an institution like the one established
now in Baltimore, and the operation of that
institution has been very beneficial.
Now, although it is wrong for us to interfere
in any religious controversy, yet I suppose it is
perfectly right that we should not by legislation
interfere antagonistically to what each religious
persuasion may suppose to be the true interest
of its flock. There is no difficulty in ascertain-
ing to what religious society a parent belongs ;
and unless that is ascertained the child is to
be taken entirely under the control of the cor-
poration to whom we are about now to give
this franchise. I say to my friend from Maine
that I am perfectly satisfied that if the bill
passes in its present shape it will cause very
great dissatisfaction and will serve to annoy
the ladies who are to manage this institution.
They will be involved in all sorts of disputes
if they take for example a Catholic child and
insist upon educating that child against the
wishes of the parents. All that this amend-
ment provides is that when they find that a
child is, for example, the child of Catholic
parents, and that there is a Catholic institution
capable of taking care of that child, he shall
be sent to that institution, nothing more.
Mr. GRIMES. I beg leave to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on the District of
Columbia whether there is an appeal from the
decision of the magistrate, so that we can get
the benefit uf the construction of the supreme
court of the District or the Supreme Court of
the United States upon the theological ques-
tions that will be sure to arise under this prop-
osition.
Mr. MORRILL. No, sir ; there is no appeal
provided for here.
Mr. GRIMES. I am afraid there will be a
great diversity of construction put upon the
theological dogmas of various religious socie-
ties by the several magistrates who may have
the power to commit these waifs to the care
of this corporation. I do not see how under
the amendment it can be otherwise than that
they must enter into the question as to.what
are the particular theological beliefs of the
parents. I think, therefore, if the amendment
of the Senatorfrom Maryland is adopted there
should be an allowance of an appeal, so that
we can have tlio question finally and authorita-
tively settled what arc the tenets of the vsuious
religious denominations.
Mr. JOHNSON. Without some such amend-
ment as this the result will be that this corpo-
ration will have the right to take care of the
children, irrespective entirely of what may be
the religious l'aith of the parents. You cannot
give an appeal to the Supreme Court of the
United States: but when you authorize a
magistrate to take up a child it would seem
to be no great stretch of power to say that he
is to send the child to the church to which its
parents belong if he can find it out. If he
cannot find it out, it goes to the institution that
these corporators may establish.
Mr. MORRILL. The practical effect of
this amendment, if I understand it, is this:
the bill provides that destitute, vagrant, aban-
doned children may be taken before a magistrate
with a view to examining into such vagrancy,
destitution, or abandonment. If that fact is
found to exist, then the judicial authorities
are authorized to transfer the care and cus-
tody of such children to this public charity.
That is the object of the bill. Now, the amend-
ment provides that if upon such proceedings in
the case of a destitute, vagrant, or abandoned
child before the court, any party shall appear
and suggest for sectarian considerations, or
religious considerations if you please, that
there is some other body that desires the cus-
tody of the child; and then satisfy the court
that the party so interposing will take care of
this child and provide for it, then the objcct
of this law is to be thwarted, the whole pro-
ceedings are to be suspended, and the judge,
instead of conferring the custody and care of
the child on this charity or to these persons, is
to confer it upon thepartieswho interpose. In
this way the objects of this bill are frustrated.
Clearly it is so when you put it in the power of
anybody to interpose.
There is no propriety in this bill except upon
the ground that vagrancy, destitution, or aban-
donment does exist; and if it does exist, and
it is proper for the civil authorities to interpose
and confide the care of such children to such
an institution as thisj then I submit that it is
not proper that parties should have the right
in this way to interpose to prevent it. This
is a reason, in addition to those I suggested
when I was up before, why I think this pro-
vision is not only incompatible with the objects
of the bill, but highly inexpedient, and will
render this whole bill, I should say, worse than
useless.
Mr. SUMNER. When the Senator from
Maryland made his proposition, it did not
seem to me as much open to objection as it
does now. I have listened to my friend, the
chairman of the committee, and I feel that his
argument cannot be answered. The proposi-
tion of the Senator from Maryland will call
upon our courts to enter into an inquiry with
regard to the religious belief or denomination
of the parents o( a child. I do not think it
expedient to call upon our coui'ts to do any
such thing ; I hope therefore that the Senator
from Maryland will not press his amendment.
I feel that if he does press it it may interfere
with the bill. lie knows very well that the
object of the bill is a thoroughly correct one,
and that this charity is in the hands of compe-
petent and benevolent persons.
There is another remark I will make. It
seems to me that the children the Senator has
in view and that would be provided for by his
amendment would hardly be brought before
the court for commitment to the custody of
this society. If there are children of a de-
nomination that has such a society as this,
having such purposes, such objects, and com-
petent to take care of the children, there will
be no occasion then for the interference of this
society. The children would not be brought
before the court; they would already be pro-
vided for, because the object of this society is
not to go forward and find children, to pick
them up even, it is not to volunteer charity
where charity is dispensed from other quarters
or where there are parents who can take care
of the children. It is to meet a positive want,
where the parents are unable to provide for
the children or where there are no other nat-
ural guardians to the children. It strikes me
that a religions denomination, having such a
society as is contemplated by the amendment
of the Senator from Maryland, would be to a
certain extent a guardian of these children, so
that those- children would be in a measure pro-
vided for. They would not be candidates for
the charity of this society. I hope, therefore,
the Senator will not press his amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, lam sorry that I cannot
yield to the request of the honorable member
from Massachusetts, because I think there is a
very clear and paramount principle involved.
If the bill passes, and the corporators of this
institution get possession of the child first,
before an institution belonging to the religious
sect to which the parents of the child belongs
can get possession of him, then they are to
take him away from the instruction which that
sect would give him. I cannot imagine what
possible inconvenience it can be to this society,
what possible injurious effect it can have upon
the object for which we are asked to incorpo-
rate them, if it be made their duty, when they
ascertain in such way as the amendment pro-
vides that the parents of the child belong to
any particular sect, and that sect has an institu-
tion capable of takingeare of the child, to
refer the child to that institution. We shall
have a controversy beyoud all doubt, I think,
if a different rule,prevail. Suppose the parent
is away or the child is wandering away from
his home and he is taken possession of, as it is
made the duty of these corporators to do;
and the parent returns, or the parent finds out
where his child is, where he has wandered,
and he insists upon having possession of the
child upon the ground that be has been taken
from him without his knowledge or consent,
and is being educated in a religious faith which
he does not hold, and an application be made
to the court, that will produce a religious
contest which it will be impossible to avoid.
In other words, without being intended, of
course, (because I know the corporators mean
to do what they think to be right,) it is really
forcing out of the possession of the parent,
who is not upon the spot to look over the
interest of the child, his child, and to assume
on the part of Congress the authority to edu-
cate the child as they think proper.
Let me illustrate it by referring to my friend
from Maine. It may happen to him, as it hap-
pens to parents equally respectable, that hi8
child wanders away and gets into the city of
Washington without his knowledge; he does
not know where he is, and there is a Catholic
institution here endowed with the powers you
are about to confer on this institution, and they
take possession of the child in the city of Wash-
ington and place the child within their own
control and insist upon educating him in their
religious faith ; what would he say if he found
it out? He would insist on having possession
of the child and having the child educated ac-
cording to the faith which he holds. I think
he would complain very much. I think I should
complain if the case was mine.
Looking to the decision which we hold in
relation to religious faith, what right havo wo
to step in between the parent and the child and
claim the power to educate the child in a re-
ligion according to our own notions, and not in
accordance to the notions of him or of her
who is more particularly interested in the wel-
fare of the child ?
I know, Mr. President, that this is a matter
in which the Catholic church particularly take
a deep interest. Nearly all the immigrants that
come from Europe, especially from Ireland,
belong to that faith. Although they are very'
indubious, a great many of them are com-
paratively careless; but they believe in the
doctrine of their church, and in no other. It
happens that sometimes their children are taken
up and placed in charge of an institution of this
description and brought up in a different be-
lief, and often they are uuablo even to find out
that they are in existence.
If I thought it would interfere with the hu-
mane pui-poses of the franchise I would not
offer the amendment, but believing, as I do,
that it will promote the object and at the same
time secure the rights of all citizens I must ask
for a vote upon the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. The fallacy of the argu-
ment of the honorable Senator is that he as-
sumes that we propose to take children who
are not destitute.
Mr. JOHNSON. No ; I do not.
Mr. MORRILL. The argument assumes
that that thing may occur. Now, there can be
no such case as the honorable Senator supposes
possibly happening. No jurisdiction at all
attaches unless the child is destitute or vagrant
or abandoned by the parent. If he has Cath-
