1114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.-
February 9,
olio parents who have the custody and care
of him, the law does not attach ; no jurisdic-
tion whatever attaches. When a case of des-
titution or vagrancy or abandonment does
occur, and the law has the child iu custody,
my objection is to the interposition of any per-
son on a sectarian ground interfering with the
charity which the law has established for such
a child. And I maintain that the condition of
the child, its health, its education, its physical
comforts are a thousandfold above the consid-
eration which may be attached to any sectarian
view whatever, and I resist at the threshold
any attempt to interpose a sectarian claim
against the general supervision of the State
over the health and the condition of the child.
Nothing could bo more pcrnicious than such
an interference.
This is not a new question exactly. Here,
upon a measure of general legislation that is
independent of sect, which proposes to dis-
tribute the public charity for the general
comfort and health of the entire community,
without regard to sect, we have an attempt of
a sect, I will not say for sectarian purposes—I
do not pretend to say that these people are not
sincere and sincerely desirous of doing every-
thing, perhaps, for their own people that this
bill proposes; but I should like to know
whether it is a well-settled principle of this
country that any sect has a right to interpose its
sectarianism^ against the general policy of the
law. _ If it is a general policy of the law to
provide for destitute and abandoned children
in this way, I object to the interposition of
any church or any sect upon any such ground.
This is not a new question. It entered our
schools in one section of the country. I thiuk
we had better keep it out of (he schools. I
thought so then, when that controversy wenton,
and f should regret to see it renewed here. It
is a renewal of the old question. No sect
in this country is privileged to interpose its
authority for sectarian purposes against that
policy which the law lays down to be sound for
the public weal; and wo are legislating now
for the public weal. I do not wish to use any
language which 1 should be sorry for afterward;
but I was about to say that I think it particu-
larly offensive that any sect should feel author-
ized to object agdinst the establishment of
such general policy on tlieground that it would
not be favorable to that particular sect. Sir,
I deny that any sect or denomination in this
country has the care especially of any jiortion
of our population.
J ^""'4 ,,e liberal, and the legislation of
this District, I think, so far as I have had any
connection with it, will show that I have totally
disregarded any soct.irian considerations. I
would as soon confer this upon one sect as an-
other; still I hope I shall never fail to resist
any attempt on the part ol any particular sect
to interpose its authority against general pol-
icy. An<1 now I take occasion to remind my
honorable friend from Maryland that those for
whom he speaks here have not always been
quite as disinterested I am afraid. I remem-
ber at their solicitation to have granted a
charier which is absolutely exclusive in its
character, which authorizes them to take within
their jurisdiction children into an institution
• over which we have no _ power of visitation
even, and there js no limitation in that author-
ity to any particular sect: they may go any-
where, take any child that is destitute and
without care. There was no suggestion then
that they should be confined exclusively to
those ot their own particular religious faith:
out (lie honorable Senator will find that by
the provisions of that charter they are at lib-
ei y to go where they please, without regard to
sect or denomination or the particular religious
iaith oi the child, wherever they find destitu-
tioii and want to relieve it; and we did not
authorize any individual or sect to interpose
against that authority. That is the principle
which lies at the bottom of this public policy 
relieve suffering, relieve destitution and want
wherever you find it to exist really ; but you
must find it to exist; you must either get the
consent of the parent, or if you cannot get that,
you must find destitution or want actually ex-
isting. In such a case relieve it, and allow no-
body for any purpose to interfere. That is the
principle upon which this bill proceeds.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
from Maine rests his opposition to this amend-
ment on grounds altogether fallacious. This
is not an attempt suggested by me or by any
persons from whom I got the suggestion to
interpose any religious controversy in the
administration of this charity. It is not de-
signed to interfere with the charity at all. The
charity is to provide for destitute children a
means of maintenance and an education. Now,
what says the amendment ? That if these cor-
porators find a destitute child and find that the
parents of that child belong to any religious
sect, not the Roman church, but any partic-
ular religious sect, and that sect has an insti-
tution of its own for the maintenance and edu-
cation of its own children, they are to hand
the child over to that institution. That is all.
What possible interference is that which can
be denominated a controversy such as the
honorable member denounces as unjust?
He says that no religious sect has any right
to interfere with the general jurisprudence of
the country in taking care of the wants of the
people. That is true; and this is not intended
at all to interfere with it. We leave the duty
precisely as we find it, but only say to these
corporators, "If you are satisfied—not without
—that the parents of the child belong to a par-
ticular religious association, and that associa-
tion has a charity like this, competent to do all
that the bill expects or wishes to be done, you
are to hand the child over to that particular
institution instead of taking charge of the child
and educating it in a different religious faith."
I am convinced, Mr. President, that so far from
its impairing or weakening the object of the
association it will very much strengthen it and
increase the numbers who are to be benefited
by the contemplated charity.
The PRESFDENTpro tempore. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question on the proposed
amendment?
Mr. JOHNSON. I must ask for the yeas
and nays upon it.
Mr. MORRILL. That will break us up by
disclosing the absence of a quorum.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, and the
Senator from Maryland asks that the vote bo
taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. JOHNSON. I withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays, and move to postpone the con-
sideration of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL. With the Senator's per-
mission, I will ask that the bill maybe inform-
ally laid aside, so that we may proceed to the
consideration of some other bills.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can be
done by common consent, no objection being
made.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
is laid aside by common consent.
KIGUTS OF MARRIED WOMEN.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 402.
'The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as m Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 492) to protect the
rights of married women, and for other pur-
poses, in the District of Columbia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia reported this
bill with ail amendment, to strike out all after
the enacting clause and to insert a substitute,
and the substitute only will be read unless some
Senator asks for the reading of the original bill.
I he Secretary read the matter proposed to
be inserted, as follows:
That any married woman, of any ago, may own in
her own right real and personal estate acquired by
descent, gift, or purchase, and may manage, sell,
convey, and devise the same by will us if sole, and i
without the joinder or assent of her husband; nor
shall such property so held in her own right be liable
for any debt, contract, or obligation of her husband
contracted either before or after marriage; but real
estate directly or indirectly conveyed to her by her
husband, or paid for by himror devised to her by his
relatives, cannot be conveyed by her without the
joinder of her husband in such conveyance. When
payment was made for property conveyed to her
from the property of her husband, or was conveyed
by him to her without a valuable consideration paid
therefor, it may be taken as the property of her hus-
band to pay his debts contracted before such con-
veyance.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any married
woman may release to her husband the right to con-
trol her property, or any part of it, and to dispose
of the income thereof for their mutual benefit, and
may in writing revoke the same.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That any married
woman may prosecute and defend suits at law or in
equity for the preservation and protection of her
property as if unmarried, or may ao so jointly with
her husband, but neither of them shall be arrested
on such writ or execution, nor shall he alone be able
to maintain an action respecting his wife's property.
She may receive the wages of her own labor not per-
formed for her own family, maintain an action there-
for in her own name, and hold the said wages in her
own right against her husband or any other person.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That hereafter,
when any man shall marry, his property shall be
exempt from any and all liability for debts or con-
tracts of his wife made or contracted before marriage;
but an action to recover the same may be maintained
against the said husband and wife, and the property
of said wife held in her own right, if any, shall alone
be subject to attachment, levy, or sale on execution,
to satisfy all liabilities for such debts and contracts
in the same manner as if she were unmarried.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That when any
married woman shall die intestate, seized or possessed
of any property, real or personal, in her own right,
the same shall descend to her heirs in like manner
as if she were unmarried.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the husband
and wife by a marriage settlement executed in the
presence of two witnesses before marriage may deter-
mine what rights eachshall have intheother'sestate
during the marriage and after its d issolution by death,
and may bar each other of all rights in their respect-
ive estates not so secured to them.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That when a hus-
band abandons his wife and leaves the District of
Columbia without making sufficientprovision for her
maintenance, or is confined in the penitentiary in
execution of a sentence, the orphans' court of said
District, on her application, may authorize his wife,
during such absence or confinement, to make con-
tracts, under seal or otherwise, and any person hold-
ing^ personal property to which her said husband is
entitled, in her right may pay and deliver the same
to her for her disposal, and her discharge therefor shall
be valid. Such application shall be presented and
noticc given thereof in the same manner as is now
provided by law in case of libel for divorce before
such powers shall be granted.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That all contracts
lawfully made by virtue of such power shall be bind-
ing upon her and her husband, and during such
absence or confinement she may sue or be sued
thereon; and for all acts done by her an execution
may be enioreed against her as if unmarried; and no
suit shall be abated by the return or release of her
husband, but he may, on application, be admitted
to prosecute or defend jointly with her.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That when any
married woman shall come into the District of Co-
lumbia from any State or county without her hus-
band, he having never lived with her in said Dis-
trict, she may make contracts and commence and
defend suits and dispose of property in her own
name as if she were unmarried, and shall he linble
to be sued on her contracts made before his arrival
in said District; but if the husband of such woman
shall afterward come into this District and claim his
marital rights his arrival shall have the same effect
as to contracts made by her, or suits pending in
which she is a party, as if they had been first married
at the time of his arrival in the District, and shall
nave no other.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, Tliat whenever
administration shall hereafter be granted on tho es-
tate of any married woman whose husband survives
her, the judge of the orphans' court shall be author-
ized^ allow to the husband, in the account of the
administrator, all reasonable expenses paid by him
on account of the last sickness of the deceased.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That all laws in-
consistent with tho provisions of this act are hereby
repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not prepared to say
that the provisions of this bill are not right.
They strike me as such as the Senate ought
very carefully to deliberate upon before we
adopt them. The bill changes the whole law
which now controls the rights of married
women and their husbands. One of the sec-
tions, if I understand it aright, says that upon
the^ death of the wife the husband shall in-
herit no property at all, and have no interest
of any kind in the property which may have
belonged to the wife. The law makes him, if
