1790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
March 2,
necessary scientific assistants, and draftsmen,
and may engage suitable rooms for the com-
mission.
(5. That no commissioner shall act as agent
for the show or sale of any article at the Exhi-
bition. or be interested, directly or indirectly,
in any profits from any such article.
The second resolution provides that there
be appropriated out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated:
For additional freights from New York to
Havre, §15,000.
For transportation and freight from Havre
to Paris, $10,000.
For return freight of articles owned by the
United States or lent to the Government by
individuals, 10,000.
For marine and fire insurance on the arti-
cles thus lent, S3,000.
For additional steam-power at Paris, in the
"palace" and the "annex," or supplemental
building, and in grounds adjacent, $10,000.
For the exhibition of machines, agricultural
and other, and for the erection of buildings to
illustrate the education and agriculture of the
United States, $15,000.
For the necessary expense of collecting,
classifying, labeling, and packing mineralogi- !
cal and metallurgical specimens, to complete
the exhibition of the mineral wealth of the
United States, $5,000.
For the necessary expense of laborers and
extra service in the offices at Paris and New
York, $5,000.
For the expenses of a secretary, clerks, sci-
entific assistants, and draftsmen, rooms, and
other incidental expenses of the commission,
$20,000. _
The third resolution provides that it shall be
the duty of the general agent at New York and
of the commissioner general at Paris, to trans-
mit to Congress, through the Department of
State, a detaile'd statement of the manner in
which the expenditures herein authorized are
made by them respectively.
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend by adding
to the fourth paragraph of the joint resolution
the words "without compensation;" so that
the additional commissioners to be appointed
shall be required to serve without compensa-
tion. I also mcJve to amend the second reso-
lution by striking out the several sums therein
named, and inserting at the end of the resolu-
tion a clause appropriating for all the purposes
named the sum of $50,000. And now I call
the previous question on the joint resolution
and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendments were agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was ordered
to a third veading, and was accordingly read
the third time.
Mr. BANKS. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; which was on the pas-
sage of the joint resolution.
Mr. BAKER called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 49, not vot-
ing 34 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley. Banks, Barker, Baxter, Bidwell,
Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Boutwell, Boyer, Bromwell,
Buekland, Ctianler, Sidney Clarke, Cooper, Cullom,
Darling. Davis, Dawes, Delano. Dixon, Dodge, Don-
P. r"', , ,'rKS\ Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferry,
Garfield. Goodyear. Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Abner
C. Harding, Hart, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill,
Hosan-rrHooper, Asahel W Hubbard, Chester D.
Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell Hul-
burd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jcnckes, Julian, Kasson,
Kelley, Ketcham, koontz. Kuykendall, Laflin, La-
tham, Lynch, Marquette, Marston, Marvin, May'nard,
McCInrg, Moorhcad, Moul ton, Myers, Newell, O'Neill!
Orth,Paine, Patterson, Perham,Phelps,Plants, Pom-
eroy, Radford, William H.Randall, Raymond, Alex-
Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner,
Henry D.Washburn, WilliamB. Washburn, Welker,
Wentworth. Whaley, James F.Wilson, Windom,Win-
field, Woodbridge, and Wright—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona. Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
Baker, Baldwin, Beaman, Benjamin, Bergen, Broom-
all, Bundy, Campbell, Reader W.Clarke, Cobb, Cook,
Dawson, Denison, Eckley, Finek. Glossbrenner, Aaron
Hardin?. Hawkins, Hi«e. Holmes, Hotclikiss, Jones,
George V. Lawrcnee, William Lawrence, _Le Blond,
Leftwich, Loan. Mercur. Miller, Pike, Ratter, Rol-
lins, Rousseau, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shanklin,
Sheilabaiger, Stevens, Stoke?, Trimble, Trowbridge,
Upson, Andrew H. Ward, Williams, and Stephen F.
Wilson—49.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Brandegee, Conkling, Cul-
ver, Defrees, Deming, Dumont, Eldridse, FaTquhar,
Harris. John H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Hum-
phrey. Kel?o, Kerr, Longyear, Marshall, McCullough,
Mclndoe, MeKee, MeRuer, Morrill, Morris, Niblack,
Nicholson, Nocll, Price, Samuel J. Randall, Rogers,
Ross, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Taber, John L. Thomas, and
Elihu B. Washburne—34.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INSPECTION OF INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. KASSON, submitted the following re-
port :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 204) enti-
tled " An act to provide for an annual inspection
into Indian affairs, and for other purposes," having
met, after full and free conference eould not agree,
and ask to be discharged from its further considera-
U°n' JOHN A. KASSON,
ROBERT C. SCHENCK,
WILLIAM WINDOM,
1Managers on the part of the House,
JAMES R. DOOLITTLE,
SAMUEL C. POMEROY,
ALEXANDER G. CATTELL,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The question is on agree-
ing to the report.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, before the
question is taken, I wish to submit a single
observation on this subject. Since William
Penn made a treaty with the Indians about
two centuries ago, we in this country have pur-
sued the policy of treating these tribes as for-
eign nations. This policy, practiced by the
Government of the United States, has resulted
in an annual expenditure of millions from the
national Treasury. This practice has been
pursued without the consideration or consent
of this House ; and it may yet be necessary for
the House to assert its right to a voice in the
administration of these matters by refusing to
sanction the necessary appropriations until the
Senate and the House can come to accord
upon this subject, and treat the Indians as all
other nations on this continent have treated
them—as wards of the Government, and not
as foreign nations.
The report was agreed to.
PUBLIC AFFAIRS IN MARYLAND.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I move a suspension of
the rules to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the papers in the case of the inves-
tigation by the Committee on the Judiciary, pursu-
ant to the order of the House, concerning public
affairs in the State of Maryland, be placed in the cus-
tody of the Clerk of the House, to be by him sub-
mitted to the Fortieth Congress.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed
to; and the question was on agreeing to the
resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
resolution so as to allow the chairmen of all
the committees to do the same thing.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. F. THOMAS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOINT COMMITTEE ON ORDNANCE.
Mr. MARSTON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Hesohcd, (the Senate concurring.) That the follow-
ing be added to the Joint Rules of the two Houses,
namely:
Rule —. There shall be appointed a joint Committee
on Ordnance, consisting of three members of the
Saute and three members of the House, to whom
shall be referred all matters in relation to ordnance
and ordnance stores which shall come in question
and be referred to them by either House, and whose
duty it shall also be to report from time to time such
measures in reference to those subjects as to the said
committee may seem advisable.
Mr. MARSTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN AFFAIRS IN COLORADO.
Mr. HART, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, submitted evidence taken in regard to
the management of Indian affairs in the Ter-
ritory of Colorado; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
DONAHUE, RYAN AND SECOR.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table Senate joint res-
olution No. 141, for the relief of Donahue,
Ryan & Secor, builders of the iron-clad moni-
tor Camanche.
Mr. WARD, of New York. I object.
Mr. HIGBY. I move to suspend the rules.
The House refused to suspend the rules.
ELIAS BEALE.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to take up Senate bill No. 584, for the relief
of Elias Beale, late captain company H, eighth
regiment Tennessee volunteer infantry. The
House Committee on Military Affairs recom-
mend its passage. It is perhaps not techni-
cally within the law, but the truth is the man
served all the time as a captain while receiv-
ing the pay of a private.
The bill provides that the Paymaster Gen-
eral of the United States Army be authorized
and directed to settle and pay, out of any
money appropriated or hereafter to be appro- •
priated for the payment of the Army, the ac-
count of Elias Beale, late a captain of com-
pany H, eighth regiment Tennessee volunteer
infantry, for his services and all allowances
as captain in said regiment in the service of
the United States, from the 2oth of July,
1863, to the 30th of June, 1865, being to the
time he was mustered out of said service, de-
ducting from the same all moneys that have
been paid to him as a private in said service
during said time.
There was no objection; and the bill was
taken up, read a first and second time, and
ordered to a third reading; and it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motiofl was agreed to.
HALL J. KELLEY.
Mr. THAYER, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported adversely on the
petition of Hall J. Kelley, of Massachusetts,
for a land grant; and the same was laid on
the table.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
The SPEAKER. Several members desire
to have leave granted to them to withdraw cer-
tain papers from the files of the House. Is
there objection?
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
ENLARGEMENT OF THE PUBLIC GROUNDS.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds Senate bill No. 386, to
enlarge the public grounds surrounding tbe
Capitol.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I object.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to suspend
the rules.
The rules were not suspended.
FOX RIVER IMPROVEMENT.
Mr. SLOAN moved to suspend the rules to
take up Senate joint resolution No. 142. con-
struing and giving effect to a joint resolution
