THE' CGNORESSIOJmL ■
January 8,
finally did become reduced to the condition:of
aeonquered province by our victorious arms.
Did she lose no rights by all this? Did the
mere fact of rebellion suppressed remit her
back to all her old privileges as   member of
the'Union? She violated the compact. Is this
attended with no forfeiture ? Can a State of
the Union thus play-With her rights and duties;
thus violate the one without losing the other?
Is her condition • as a party to the compact a
thing like, a garment, to be put off and on at
will? Common sense and the common law of
nations justify the statement of the whole matter
in a single plain proposition: she broke the
compact and therefore can claim no rights
under it.
. - This conclusion results from the hypothesis
that the present body-politic is the old State
of North Carolina, but the hypothesis is not
true. The friends of the President say a State
cannot be destroyed; " once a State always a
State" is their favorite theory. It might be
interesting to debate this as an abstract prop-
osition, but when we find the State actually
destroyed an argument for or against its eter-
nal duration would be labor thrown away.
Physicians do not dispute about the mortality
of the disease over the dead body of the
patient;
.The President of the United States in his
proclamation of May 29, 1865, uses the follow-
ing language:
" The rebellion which was waged by a portion of
the people of the United States against the properly
constituted authorities of the .Government thereof,
in the most violent and revolting form, but whose
organized and armed forces have now been almost
entirely overcome, has in its revolutionary progress
deprived the people of the State of North Carolina
of all .civil government."
To make sure that the President means what
his language imports, that the organization
theretofore known as the State of North Caro-
lina had ceased to exist, I quote from the same
proclamation, the following:
"Now, therefore, in obedience to the high and sol-
emn duties imposed upon me by the Constitution of
the United States, and for the purpose of enabling
the loyal people of the said State to organise a State
government whereby justice may be established, do-
mestic tranquillity insured, and loyal citizens pro-
tected in their rights of life, liberty, and property, X,
Andrew Johnson. President of the United States and
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the
United States, do hereby appoint William W. Hol-
den, provisional governor of the State of North Car-
olina," &c.
Here is the assertion as plain as language
can make it, that somehow or other the State
of North Carolina, that was a party to the old
compact, had ceased4o exist; and although it
rests upon the declaration of Andrew Johnson,
it is nevertheless true. The forces of the Uni-
ted States had crushed out the old body-poli-
tic and driven away those who had performed
its functions, leaving the people, considered in
the best possible aspect for themselves, as so
many citizens of the United States occupying
territory within the limits of the United States
and not embraced within any organized State.
It is only in this capacity that the people of
North Carolina could be enabled to create a
State de novo, as they were invited to do by
the proclamation, by meeting in their primary
capacities and electing delegates to a conven-
tion to frame a constitution and form of govern-
ment. Such a convention did meet and did
perform the functions assigned to it by the
proclamation, and the body-politic now claim-
ing rights under the old compact is the crea-
ture of that convention.
I admit that the convention took up the old
form of government and adapted it to their
purposes by modification, and they might have
taken the constitution of Pennsylvania as a
groundwork and changed it to suit them. I
repeat, it is the organization that came from
their hands which is here claiming rights.
Now, the creature of the convention can have
no legal status except upon the hypothesis that
the conventioi?was a legal body, and the con-
vention could not have been a legal body ex-
cept upon the hypothesis that the old State had
ceased to exist.
Grant, for the benefit of the argument of the
opposition, that the President could do what he
attempted and whatithas always been supposed
could-only be done by act of Congress, that is
to say, could enable citizens of the United States
to organize a State government. Very certain
it is that neither Congress nor the President
can enable citizens of the United States to or-
ganize a State government within the limits of
an organized State: A different question would
have been ^presented if the action had been by
the Legislature of the State pursuant to its
laws and the design to change a form of govern-
ment already existing. The product mightthen
have been the old State or its legitimate suc-
cessor. But this was not done, and the cham-
pions of the present body-politic are involved
in this dilemma, either that the convention
was an illegal body and its creature a non-
entity, or that the old State had ceased to
exist when the convention was called, and that
the present one never was a party to the old
compact and can claim no rights under it.
Let me now ask, what is the difference in
condition and legal rights between the body-
politic claiming to be admitted to the rights of
the State of North Carolina and that asking
recognition as the State of Nebraska? Both
were formed by the people of the respective
districts, or some of them, of their own motion
and without enabling acts. Iff the case of Ne-
braska such an act was passed, but the citizens
saw fit to reject it, and some time afterward,
in a totally different manner, that is to say, by
and through the territorial Legislature pre-
pared, submitted to the people, and are now
presenting here their constitution and form of
government. As the territorial Legislature had
no power to act in the premises, the legal result
is that the whole matter comes from the people
of the Territory without an enabling act.
In the case of North Carolina there was no
enabling act whatever. It is true there was
the President's proclamation, but nobody who
does not hold a lucrative office at the will of
the President would concede to that the force
and effect of an act of Congress. In that doc-
ument the Executive gives himself his twofold
title of President of the United States and Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, as if
uncertain in which capacity he was acting and
too anxious for the end to leave out any source
of power. In his civil capacity, it is very clear
he had no power to create States by proclama-
tion, or to enable citizens of the United States
to create them. In his military capacity, his
functions are limited to carrying out the laws
of war, and a law of war which empowers the
head of an army as such to create civil govern-
ment is something new in the history of legal
science.
Before any action was had in either of these
communities, the people composing each oc-
cupied precisely the same legal position, not
taking into the account the fact, immaterial in
the present argument, that in one of them very
many of the people had been guilty of high
crimes. In both cases the inhabitants were
citizens of the United States. In both they
occupied territory within the limits of the
United States, and in both they had no organ-
ized State government.
Does it alter the case that in North Carolina
a State government had previously existed?
Certainly not, unless the present organization is
its legitimate successor. But it is not. His-
tory is clear upon that point. The old State
contained in its constitution a provision by which
that instrument could be changed even to the
making of a new government. It had to be
done by act of the Legislature, passed by both
branches of the body by a vote of three fifths
of the members; advertised six months before
the next meeting of the Legislature; passed
again by a vote of two thirds of both branches,
and finally ratified by a vote of the people. In
this manner, and this only, could a State gov-
ernment be organized possessing the rights of
the old one or being its legitimate successor.
But there was no Legislature. Its members
had been driven from their seats as felons never
to meet again. There was no executive. The
Governor had been deposed and banished.
There was no judiciary. The courts had been
broken up and the judges threatened with
imprisonment if they should ever again attempt
to exercise their functions. In fact, the whole
body-politic had been destroyed and the people
were "without civil government."
Where then is the legal difference between
the cases of Nebraska and North Carolina?
There is none—certainly none in favor of the
latter. Both require congressional legislation
to give them the rights of States, and Congress
may admit both, reject both, or admit either,
and reject the other.
I have already said that the pretensions of the
other organizations now claiming to be States
rest upon precisely the same legal grounds with
those of North Carolina. If they come as old
States, former members of the compact, claim-
ing reinstatement in. their old position, the
answer is : they have broken faith with their
cocontractors, violated the articles of copart-
nership, so to speak, and cannot have them
renewed except with the consent of the other
parties. If they come as new States, as their
history would indicate, gotten up under tho
authority of the President's proclamations, the
answer is: first, new States cannot be created
in that manner ; and second, new States have
no rights under the Constitution until they are
conferred by legislation.
It is said that this line of argument admits
the'right of secession, admits that the States
in question have succeeded in getting out of
the Union, notwithstanding the fact that the
war waged to prevent it has resulted in suc-
cess on our side. Those who raise this objec-
tion are involving themselves in a series of
blunders. We never denied the physical power
of a State to secede; we never denied its
physical power to violate the Constitution and
to set up an independent sovereignty within our
borders. Nothing but the experiment could
settle that question. We resolved that these
States should not form a new government
within our territory, and we succeeded in pre-
venting it. But it does not follow that the
States so violating the Constitution have lost
no rights under it. It does not even follow
that they have survived the clash of arms.
The States, in the sense of people and terri-
tory, are still within the limits of the United
States, and therefore not " out of the Union.''
It is only that their organizations have ceased
to be component partsirof the Government of
the United States. *
The war was not waged to keep the rebel
States from losing any of their rights under
the Constitution. They had already renounced
those rights under the delusive hope of getting
something better by an appeal to arms. This
something better they attempted to get from
us and we resisted the attempt with success.
The war was not waged on our part to prevent
the rebels from doing injury to themselves, but
to prevent them from doing injury to us. Tho
result, therefore, does not reinstate them in
the positions they renounced, though they have
failed to secede, in fact, and are not "out of
the Union."
The important feature of the bill under con-
sideration is that which proposes to give The
people of the States lately in rebellion govern-
ments strictly republican in form, by giving to
every adult male who has not disqualified him-
self by crime the right of suffrage. The pre-
cise meaning of that clause of the Constitution
which requires Congress to guaranty to every
State a republican form of government has
never been judicially determined, and every
Senator and Representative who takes upon
himself the obligation to support the Constitu-
tion must interpret that clause so as to satisfy
his own conscience.
What is a republican form of government?
If I were to attempt a definition it would bo
this: it is that form of government in which
the rulers are chosen by the suffrages of the
people, and in which every citizen may either
exercise the right of suffrage himself or have it
exercised for him by some one who may be
