1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fairly considered as representing his interests
by reason of legal, social, or family relations to
him. Under this definition, if the right of
suffrage be exercised by all the adult males,
the women and children may be considered as
mediately represented in the government, and
hence the form would be republican. But it
would meet the requirements of the definition
much better if the right of suffrage were ex-
tended to all adults without regard to sex; and
I am ready to advocate this extension when-
ever the women of America shall believe them-
selves unfairly treated by this mediate repre-
sentation and shall demand the right of suf-
frage for themselves.
I ask now witk-what kind of consistency can
the government of South Carolina, now so im-
periously demanding recognition here, be con-
sidered republican in form when four oat of
every seven adult males are denied the right
of suffrage? Who represents the interests of
the four? Who represents the interests of
their wives and children? Under the slave
system there was at least the pretense of medi-
ate representation. The slave in contemplation
of law occupied the position of the apprentice,
the minor. He was a, part of the family of the
master, and to the dominant southern mind
was considered as fairly represented in the
government by the head of the family. Recent
events have demonstrated that the slave him-
self looked upon the matter in a differentlight.
But the slave system has passed away and the
farce of mediate representation of the negroes
has gone with it. The late slave and the late
master stand upon the same legal footing, and
as well might the former, claim the right of
voting for the both as the latter. We must
now either violate our obligations to support
the Constitution or we must refuse to recognize
as republican in form any State government
which denies the right of suffrage to any of its
adult male citizens who are not disqualified by
crime.
If it be said that this argument applies with
equal force to my own State I admit it, and
with some sense of humiliation. Possibly, as
but one in sixty is there excluded from partici-
pation in the government, the maxim de mini-
mug non curat lex might reconcile easy con-
sciences. But Pennsylvania wa3 liable to no
such reproach when she became a party to the
compact. That anti-republican principle was
incorporated in her constitution afterward by
the same political party that would have built
up an aristocracy of race in the South.
But gentlemen on the other side of the House
say that this is a white man's Government, and
they raise their hands with an affectation of
holy horror at the idea of extending political
rights to the negroes. Do they not know that
our Government is emphatically the Govern-
ment of the governed? And are none but
white men governed by it? Do they not know
that at the time of the adoption of our Consti-
tution negroes voted in every State of the Union
but one? Do they not know that members of
the Convention that framed that instrument
were voted for by negroes, and that there was
no law and no principle of our institutions
which would have prevented a negro from sit-
ting in that Convention if he had been duly
elected? Do they not know that there is not
now and that there never has been any law to
prevent a negro from holding the office of Presi-
dent of the United States if he should be other-
wise qualified?
These gentlemen would like to make this a
white man's Government. They seem actuated
by a fear of the negro amounting to mono-
mania. Negro equality is Banquo's ghost to
them, and if ever the negro should outstrip
them in the race of civilization it will be no
fault of theirs that he has had the opportunity.
They will point, upward of course, to the dusky
column and exclaim—
" Thou canst not say I did it."
These gentlemen know best what their chances
would be in a fair and even-race with the negro
under equal laws, and if they really fear his
competition it is but just to them to admit that
they have good reason to fear it. It may not
serve to allay their terror of negro equality to
remind them that the American negro has ad-
vanced in civilization more within two hundred
years than their own race has within two thou-
sand.
With an affectation of consistency that might
well be envied, the same men who exhibit this
fear of fair competition with the negro under
equal laws object to his right of voting on ac-
count of his ignorance. There is doubtless a
great degree of ignorance among the negroes
of the South; but who is responsible for it?
Not they. Until recently it was a crime pun-
ishable by fine and imprisonment in every one
of the States lately in rebellion to teach ne-
groes to read. Even the Bible was by law a
sealed book to them. Certain portions of it,
selected with especial reference to the pecu-
niary advantage of their masters, might be read
to them by judicious ministers of the Gos-
pel ; but if some simple-minded philanthropist
should attempt to open its full light upon their
benighted understandings it would be well for
him if he could obtain the advantage of the
punishment meted to his crime by law, and
thereby avoid the hemp and the bowie-knife.
But I deny that any man should be deprived
of political rights on account of his ignorance.
Governments are intended to equalize, as far
as possible, the weak with the strong, the poor
with the rich, the ignorant with the intelligent.
Political rights are intended to enable men to
preserve that portion of their natural rights
which is the especial object of government;
that is to say their civil rights of life, liberty,
and property; and the only valid reason that
can be urged for denying political rights to any
man is that be is capable of preserving his civil
rights without them.
Can the negro in the South preserve his
civil rights without political ones? Let the
convention riot of New Orleans answer; let
the terrible three days in Memphis answer.
In the latter city three hundred negroes who
had periled their lives in the service of their
country and still wore its uniform, were com-
pelled to look on while the officers of the law,
elected by white men, set their dwellings in
flames and fired upon their wives and children
as they escaped from the doors and windows.
Their churches and school-houses were burned
because they were their churches and school-
houses. Outrages which the tongue refuses to
describe in language, were perpetrated upon
their women; and the dead mother, who was
killed because she resisted, and her living child
were thrown together into the flames of the
building that was burned because it had af-
forded them a home. Yet no arrest, no con-
viction, no punishment awaits the perpetrators
of these deeds, who walk in open day and boast
of their enormities, because, forsooth, this is a
white man's Government.
Let it not be said that these occurrences are
unusual and extraordinary. The history of
the last eighteen months will exhibit their
parallel in every State and in every city of the
subjugated South; and the present organiza-
tions in that territory, the base offspring of
northern perfidy and southern treason, cannot,
and will not, afford the adequate remedy. It is
quite time that this Government should recog-
nize the rights of the black man, and should
arm him with the ballot, that he may not be
compelled to arm himself with the pistol and
the knife in defense of those whom his duty to
his God requires that he should defend.
Certain gentlemen have made the strange
discovery that the extension of the right of
suffrage to negroes will render them eligible to
office; and they ask with an air of confidence,
as if the question contained an unanswerable
argument, how we would like to sit in this
House with a black Representative ? Well, if
we have been content to sit here with gamblers
and lottery brokers, it is too late to become
fastidious now. These gentlemen make the
mistake which, it is charitable to suppose, was
made by a distinguished Cabinet officer in his
letter directing the people of the-United States
not to sanction the pending constitutional
amendment. They suppose that there is some
necessary connection between the right of suf-
frage and eligibility to office; such that, grant-
ing or withholding the one. of itself, grants or
withholds the other. No position can be more
unsound. Women and minors may hold office
under the Government of the United States,
but may not vote. Men between the ages of
twenty-one and twenty-five may vote, hut may
not hold the office of Representative in Con-
gress. Naturalized foreigners may vote, but
are not eligible to the Presidency.
In fact, the principle they so much dread
in the future is already part and parcel of the
laws of the land. A negro, otherwise properly
qualified, is now and always has been eligible
to Congress. Nothing but the want of a due
election prevents any of our seats from being
now occupied by black Representatives. This
question has been always heretofore left with
the citizens of the several congressional -dis-
tricts. They have repeatedly elected worse
men than an average negro, but they have
never yet elected a negro.
Of the eight million inhabitants of the coun-
try lately in rebellion, five millions may be con-
sidered as devotedly attached to the cause of
the Government, and the remaining three mil-
lions are as inimical to it as they were in the
proudest days of the confederacy. Of the five
millions but one million and a half are white.
By limiting political power to the white cle-
ment alone, therefore, an average preponder-
ance of two to one will be given to the enemies
of the Government. The object of the bill
under consideration is to place the destinies
of the South in the hands of the entire eight
millions, in order that the loyal majority may
protect themselves and the country against their
and its implacable foes, rendered more deadly
hostile by their humiliating defeat in the field.
A measure so just, so reasonable, and so ne-
cessary cannot fail to receive the sanction of
Congress.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him?
Mr. BROOMALL. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will detain the gentle-
man but a moment. I wish to make a sugges-
tion at this point to see how he will meet it.
As I understand his remarks, he estimates that
of the southern people, supposed to be eight
millions in all, the loyal portion numbers about
five millions and the disloyal about three mil-
lions. He proposes to ^ t governmental con-
trol into the hands of the whole of them, sup-
posing that the loyal five millions will more
than counterbalance the disloyal three mil-
lions. This undoubtedly would be the fact if
the loyal and disloyal were distributed in the
same proportion throughout the entire South.
The suggestion to which I wish to call the at-
tention of the gentleman is, that the two classes
of population are not distributed everywhere
in the sarae proportion ; that in some locali-
ties the loyal sentiment is largely predominant,
while in many other localities the rebel spirit
has the decided preponderance. To leave the
loyal men, white and black, in any community
subject to the domination of the rebel element
would place them in an attitude which the
gentleman can well understand from the part
which he took in an investigation in my own
State. Take, for example, my own State,
some portions of which are very largely loyal,
while in others the predominant temper is of
that malignantly disloyal type of which the
gentleman himself saw the evidences. I would
ask him how he would meet that state of things,
if he proposes to place the government in the
hands of the whole population, without dis-
crimination as to loyalty or disloyalty?
Mr. BROOMALL. 1 see the difficulty pre-
sented by the gentleman from Tennessee.^ and
I can only say in answer to him that the bill to
some extent provides against it by disfranchis-
ing a portion, probably too small a portion, of
the rebel element; certainly the most malignant
portion. If the gentleman will propose such
