1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1115
there are children, a tenant by courtesy. This
bill abolishes that title in the District. It seems
to me, looking to that provision, and to several
of the other provisions of the bill, it almost
destroys the relation of husband and wife as
it now exists. I will ask my friend from Maine
if this has been taken from any law to_ be found
in any of the States or in England, either now
existing or that ever did exist? I think it
would be in accordance with the spirit of the
bill to add another section, if the bill is right,
to say that they might separate whenever they
thought proper.
Mr. WILLIAMS. They do now. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHNSON. No; they do not destroy
the relation. What I mean is, that they may
divorce themselves, a statutory divorce, so as
to enable them to marry again. The principle
of the common law, which has recommended
itself to adoption almost universally, is to
avoid, if possible, all causes of dispute between
husband and wife, to make them in point of
fact one. So they are regarded in point of
law ; and, generally speaking, I do not think
the wife has suffered at all by force of the
doctrine that they are to be considered as one.
for generally she is that one [laughter] and
controls everything, as she ought. But to
deny the husband any right to the property at
any time, and to make her a femme sole for
all purposes during life and at the moment of
death, so as to be able to dispose of her prop-
erty, seems to me to be legislation of very
doubtful expediency.
Mr. MORRILL. I was about to explain to
the Senate the character of this bill when the
honorable Senator from Maryland rose, and I
am always so much edified and instructed by
him that I was glad to see him take the floor
before I was quite ready to explain it. But I am
quite surprised that, the Senator should think
that the features of this bill are novel in the
legislation of the country. They are novel in
this District, it is true. If I supposed the honor-
able Senator meant to convey the idea that this
legislation has escaped his attention for the
last twenty-five years in the country at large
it would be surprising to me.
That the bill is not in harmonj', however,
with the principles of the common law, I con-
code. The object of the bill is to relieve the
wife from some of the principles of the com-
mon law. Now, in our portion of the country
we have got over those principles a long time
ago. The husband has no right to ilog the
wife in my country. It would be considered
an indecorum and a public outrage, but the
common law justifies it; and it may be done
here in this District I suppose. We have es-
tablished that right.
Mr. SHERMAN. " Reasonable correction."
Mr. MORRILL. Yes; such as may be in-
flicted by a broomstick or the like. Now, we
have legislated against that principle of the
common law as a barbarity, and a married
woman has a right to be exempt in my coun-
try from such flagellations, from that authority
of the lord of creation. We have established
a right, a civil riglft, and she is independent
of him. I know it is in contravention of the
principle of the common law.
Following in that line somewhat we have
just such provisions as these in our State and
in most of the States of New England, and I
believe in New York, which contravene some
of the principles of the eqmmon law; that is,
we have come to the conclusion in our region
of the country that there is no reason in the
world why the property of a woman should not
be secured to her and her heirs against the
profligacy or arbitrary control of her husband.
That is just what the first section of this bill
provides, that a woman who has property in
her own right shall hold it in her own right and
may convey it in her own right. If the hus-
band has her confidence, and is a worthy man,
and the property is secured, she may give him
authority to convey it, to deal with it, occupy
it, possess it, manage it. That is provided for
in the second section of this bill. That is what
the first two sections of this bill mean, and
nothing more.
The third section provides that in case she
holds her property separate, as provided in
the first section of the bill, she may defend it;
she may bring a suit at law in her own name
or jointly with her husband.
The fourth section provides that hereafter
when any man shall marry his property shall
be exempt from any and all liability for debts
or contracts of his wife made or contracted
before marriage. Thus you see that while
we protect the rights of the wife, we do not
really oppress the husband. The husband has
his rights. He is not to be chargeablc with
the debts of his wife contracted before mar-
riage. The principle of the common law sad-
dles him, I believe, with all the debts of the
wife. If he married her, he married her obli-
gations, her liabilities, her debts, and all her
incumbrances. This bill, therefore, is just to
him. While it is just to the wife, it is just to
the husband. That is all there is in the fourth
section.
The next section is the one to which I under-
stand the honorable Senator most to object,
that the husband cannot inherit licr property.
Is that really a grievance? Why, sir, it is
secured to her and her heirs.
Mr. JOHNSON. He is a tenant by courtesy,
then.
Mr. MORRILL. The only difference there
is in the world between this bill and the prin-
ciples of the common law in this respect is,
that by the principles of the common law he
was a tenant by courtesy, and here there is no
courtesy about, it. The wife has the right, if
she chooses, to confer upon him the manage-
ment or the possession of the property ; other-
wise not. In our country the result has beeu
just this: here aro the rights of the wife—they
are never resorted to except in an extreme ease,
except in the ease of a profligate husband or
something of that sort,—but here is the right
secured ; and it has operated beneficently. I
submit that although this section violates the
principles of the common law, it is not in vio-
lation of right.
The sixth section provides that the husband
and wife by a marriage settlement executed in
the presence of two witnesses before marriage
may determine what rights each shall have in
the other's estate. My honorable friend will
know better than 1; but I believe that is in har-
mony with the principles of the common law.
I believe, on ccrtain terms, conditions, and lim-
itations, and for ccrtain considerations, a mar-
riage settlement may bo made which secures
rights in property. This section is rather in
affirmation, perhaps, than in derogation of the
principles of the common law.
The seventh scetion provides that when the
husband abandons his wife and leaves the Dis-
trict of Columbia, without making sufficient
provision for her maintenance, or is confined
in tlio penitentiary, then she may act as his
legal agent and administrator upon property.
In case of his disability by absence, or in case
of disability, which more often occurs, by for-
feiture of his civil rights for the time being for
crime, the wife is to be his legal representative,
and may administer the property till his return.
That is not exactly in derogation of the prin-
ciples of the common law; but I suggest that
it does not occur to me that any injury can
result from such a provision.
The eighth section provides that all contracts
lawfully made by the wife in sucli cases shall
bo binding upon her and her husband. This
is simply in continuation of the power given in
the seventh section by which she is consti-
tuted his legal agent.
Now, Mr. President, those are the general
features of the bill. To repeat, they provide,
in the first place, that the rights of property
which the married woman possesses in her own
right, independent of her husband, shall re-
main to her. If she chooses to confer the pos-
session of these rights or the management of
them upon her husband, or convey them to
him absolutely outright, she may do it. Fur-
ther, the bill provides that; she may enter the
courts for the defense and protection of her
property; and then as regards limitation as to
the descent of the property, I do not under-
stand that it changes the principles of the
common law on that subject. The property
goes to her heirs by thisbill; and so it would,
1 believe, by the principles of the common
law. The only change in this respect is that
under this bill the husband is not a tenant
by courtesy.
These are the essential features of the bill.
They aro common to very many of the States;
I cannot say how many. The bill as it was
introduced originally I thought a little crude,
and I presented it to the Senate in a new draft.
I will say to the honorable Senator that the
provisions of this bill I found in the statutes of
my own State and those of Massachusetts.
Mr. DAVIS. I think this bill ought to go
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and be
carefully considered by that committee. If I
understand the bill, the old rule that the hus-
band is bound to support his wife is not inter-
fered with by it, and yet against, the consent of
the husband, and in defiance of it, the bill, if
I understand it, authorizes the wife to sell any
or all property that she may own at the time,
or during the coverture. Now, Mr. President,
this feature of the bill, it strikes me, might
lead to a great deal of domestic strife, and it
might operate unjustly and oppressively upon
the husband. If the wife has property, the
avails of which may be appropriated to her
support, and the husband is left with the legal
obligation upon him to support his wife, it
seems to me it would be very unjust and very
impolitic to give her the absolute power to dis-
pose of her own estate.
There is a great disposition, I think, in this
Committee on the District of Columbia, and
especially in tho chairman, to transfer New
England to the District of Columbia, and to
adopt the institutions, laws, and customs of
Now England for tho government of the peo-
ple of this District, both white and black.
Now, sir, that might in some respects be very
well; but I think the honorable Senator, in
this and in other bills, is bringing rather too
much of New England to the District of Co-
lumbia. I think that in a thin Senate, when
not more than one third or one fourth of tho
members are present, a bill of this importance,
and which may have such results as the one
under consideration ought not to bo allowed
to pass.
The amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole was concurred in.
Mr. MOlilUIiL. I do not know but I
ought to say a word in reference to the re-
mark of the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, though I do not understand whether
the honorable Senator intended it as a com-
pliment or as a censure. He thinks there
is a strong purpose on the part of the chair-
man of the Committee on the District^ of
Columbia to incorporate New England into
the District of Columbia. I hope the honor-
able Senator will do mo the credit to believe
that I would not wish to transfer New Eng-
land here in any other sense than that in
which I have so often heard the honorable
Senator from Kentucky speak of it. What-
ever is good in New England, in New Eng-
land ideasorinstitutions, I*should be extremely
glad to see incorporated in tho laws of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and I know that the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky would second me
in that effort as cheerfully as any other member
of the Senate.
I am not conscious that I have any other
purpose or have legislated with any other view
than to what I believed to be the best interest
of the District of Columbia. I certainly am
not conscious of having exercised the position
which has been confided to me by the Senate
with any other view than to advance the gen-
eral interests of the District, whether they wero
notions peculiar to New England or any other
