1792
THE COIfGrRESSIOJfAIj GLOBE.
February 23,
F. Wilson, Stophcn F. Wilson. Windom, Wood-
bridEe, and Wright—140.
NAYS—Messrs. Delos R.Ashley. James M. Ash-
ley, Boutwell, Brooraall. Cooper, Davis, Farquhar,
Garfield* Hale. Edwin N. llubbell, Jcnckes, Jones,
Kellcy, Keloo, Rousseau, Sehenek, Strouse, Thayer,
Trowbridge, Robert T. Van Horn, Andrew II. Ward,
AVilliams, and Winfteld—23.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bergen, Brandegee, Cul-
ver, Dawes, Delano, Dumont, Eldridge. Harris,
Jame< II. llubbell, Kerr, Lo Blond, Lougyear, Mars-
ton, Mclndoe, Morrill, Patterson, Pike, Samuel J.
Randall. Raymond, Spaldins, Starr, Stevens. Tuber,
Nelson Taylor. Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas,
and Eliha B. Washburne—27.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
the hour of twelve o'clock m. having arrived,
the Speaker delivered the following
valedictory address.
Gentlemen of the House of Representatives :
To be called to this responsible position by
the voluntary choice of my fellow-members
more than fills the measure of an honorable
ambition. To be cordially supported by those
of all political creeds, amid the exciting scenes
so frequent in a body of American legislators,
is an evidence of confidence and regard I shall
prize to the latest moment of my life. But to
be indorsed by you all in the resolution you
have spread on your Journal, and which you
have adopted with such unusual significance
and earnestness, beggars me in words of thanks.
To be able to retire from this chair when lay-
ing down its emblem of authority, with none
to reproach me, on the one hand, for infidelity
to the principles I cherish, and none on the
other to impugn or deny the rigid impartiality
with which I have striven to administer your
rules, has been my earnest and daily endeavor
in the years that now are garnered with the
past.
The greatest of my official predecessors,
whose memory ia still enshrined in so many
hearts, and who eminently honored this chair,
declared as the essential of a Presiding Officer
promptitude and impartiality in deciding the
complex questions of order often sprung in-
stantaneously upon him; firmness and thor-
oughness in his decisions ; patience and good
temper toward every member; and, above all,
to remain cool and unshaken amid the storms of
debate and during those moments of agitation
from which no deliberative assembly is exempt,
carefully guarding the rules of the House from
being sacrificed to temporary passions, preju-
dices, or interests. Never hoping to reach this
high standard, it has been ever before my
mind, as the sculptor studies the model of the
great master of his art, hoping to leave behind
him a copy not entirely unworthy of' the ori-
ginal.
Though death has not spared our circle, and
New York, Kentucky, and Pennsylvania have
been called to mourn the loss of faithful Rep-
resentatives, we come to this closing hour with
our ranks thinned less than usual by paralyz-
ing sickness or wasting disease. We separate,
after months of the conflicts and excitements
of an eventful era, with a general good will as
gratifying as it is creditable. We can never
all meet again. But as in a distant landscape
the eye rests with delight on its beauties,
while its defects are thrown into unnoticed
shade, my memory, as in after years we re-
view our associations here, bring before us all
the pleasures of this companionship in the
national service, forgetful of the asperities
which should perish with the occasions that
evoked them!
But as these parting words are said, another
Congress wait for our seats; and with a heart
full of gratitude for your unvarying kindness,
I declare the House of Representatives of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress of the United States
adjourned withoutday. [Prolonged applause.]
Legislature of New York, urging the granting of
pensions to the soldiers of the war of 1812.
By Sir. PERIIAM: The memorial of Ebenezer
Childs. for increase of pension.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of citizens of Clinton
11 county, Iowa, asking for relief to Mrs. Abigail Harvey.
IN SENATE.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c„ were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. CULLOM: Six separate petitions of citirens
of McLean county, Illinois, asking Congress to repeal
the law authorizing the withdrawal of the legal-
tender currency from circulation.
By Mr. HUNTER: Concurrent resolution of the
i Saturday, February 23, 1867.
I Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
! On motion of Mr. POLAND, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal
; was dispensed with.
| the constitutional amendment.
; Mr. CHANDLER presented resolutions of
, the Legislature of the State of Michigan, ratify-
ing the amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, submitted to the several States
by a joint resolution of Congress, passed on
the 13th day of June, 1866, to be designated
article fourteen of Amendments to the Con-
stitution ; which were ordered to lie on the
. table.
j petitions and memorials.
Mr. MORGAN presented two petitions of
cigar manufacturers of Albany, New York,
| praying that a specific tax of five dollars per
i thousand may be levied upon all domestic
cigars, and that the present duty on imported
cigars may remain unchanged ; which were
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of the United States, praying for such an
amendment of the Constitution as will prohibit
i legislation in any State or Territory which shall
J make a distinction among the citizens thereof
on account of birth, race, or color; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BUCK ALE W presented a petition of
the officers of the Historical Society of Penn-
sylvania, remonstrating against the repeal of
the law which allows the importation of books
and maps intended for colleges and other liter-
ary institutions free of duty; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FOGG presented resolutions adopted at
a (aass meeting of New Hampshire soldiers,
held in Manchester, in that State, on the Cth
day of February, 18G7, remonstrating against
the passage of any act for equalization of sol-
diers bounties which shall deduct the amount
of local bounties from the Government allow-
ance ; which were ordered to lie on the table;
and a motion by Mr. Fogg that the resolutions
be printed was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. NORTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Minnesota, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail route from Mankato to Minne-
sota Lake ; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of an increase of
the duty on imported wool; which were ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of a survey
of the Mississippi river between the falls of
St. Anthony and St. Cloud, with the view of
an improvement of the navigation of that river
between those points; which was ordered to
lie on the table, and.be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Illinois, in favor of a survey
of the Des Moines rapids of the Mississippi
river, with a view to their improvement by the
construction of a canal; which were ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
captain john j. young.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 082) for the relief of Captain John J.
Young, of the United States Navy, have di-
rected me to report it without amendment, and
recommend its passage; and I ask for its pres-
ent consideration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If this is the time for re-
ports, as there are many reports to be made I
shall feel obliged to object.
Mr. RAMSEY. This is a House bill, and
will not take a moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There are a great many
other bills on the Calendar just as urgent and
meritorious as this, and I want to make some
reports.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
this bill? None being made the bill will be
read.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill, which requires
the Secretary of the Treasury to audit and
allow to Captain John J. Young, of the Navy
of the United States, the pay of captain of the
"retired list" of the Navy of the United
States, from the 12th of August, 1854, the
date of his commission as captain, to the 10th
; of March, 1865, deducting therefrom all mon-
eys which have been paid to him by the United
States between the dates above given.
! The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
reports of committees.
Mr. LANE, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the memorial of
Rear Admiral David D. Porter on the subject,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bift, (S.
No. 024,) granting a pension to   Heap,
widow of Major D. P. Heap, late a paymaster
in the United States Army.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 621) for the relief
of Charles Rumsey, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1207) grant-
ing a pension to Charles Maus, reported ad-
versely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills and joint
resolutions, reported them severally without
amendment:
. A bill (II. ft. No. 1068) for the relief of
Mary A. Cross ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1092) for the relief of
Milton Velzy;
A bill (H. R. No. 1153) fortherelief of Mrs.
Rachel McClelland;
A bill (H. R. No. 1189) granting arrears of
pension to Sally Allen ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1190) granting a pension
to Mary Fitzpatrick;
A bill (H. R. No. 1191) increasing the pen-
sion of Isabella Fogg;
A bill (H. R. No. 1192) granting arrears of
pension to Lewis A. Horton ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1193) for the relief of
Levisa A. Daniel:
A bill (H. R. No. 1194) granting back pen-
sion to Mary J. Dexter;
A bill (H. R. No. 1195) fortherelief of Mary
B. Fowler:
A bill (H. R. No. 1196) granting a pension
to Peter Fisher;
A bill (H. R. No. 1197) for the relief of
Charles Valence;
A bill (H. R. No. 1198) for the relief of the
children of John Faris ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1199) for the relief of Wil-
liam H. Hafer;
A bill (H. R. No. 1200) for the relief of Ann
I. Duchman;
Abill(H. II. No. 1201) for the relief of George
W. Knabb ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1202) for the relief of
Francis Barron;
A bill (H. R. No. 1203) forthe reliefof Rufus
L. Harvey;
A bill (H. R. No. 1204) granting a pension
to John Rogers;
A bill (H. R. No. 1205) granting a pension
to William Gleason ;
A bill (H. Ii. No. 1206) granting a pension
to Joseph Wrenn ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1208) increasing the pen-
sion of John Russell;
