M2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL0BH
an alteration as will remedy the difficulty, he
will have my assistance.
Mr. M AYN Ali l). I will call tliegentleinaivs
attention to a principle we enunciated in this
* House this morning in the. District suffrage
• hill, for that bill is based cm. the principle of
loyal suffrage, irrespective'of race or color.
Mr. BROOMALL, If the loyal men of the
South ask the disfranchisement of every rebel,
they have the. right to -require it at our hands,
and I for one will grant it -to them as far as my.
vote goes.: No loyal man, of any race or color,
, should be subjected to the rule of the disloyal
without his consent. A thorough remedy for
the evil in all localities by general law is prob-
ably impracticable at the present .time.
If there is any significance inihe late verdict
6f the people—the tribunal of. final resort upon
all political questions—it is, that the civil author-
ities shall not surrender to the rebels all .that
was gained by arms at so much cost of blood
and treasure, and upon so many battle-fields;
that our Government dare not, in the lace of
the nations of the world, desert its allies in the
South, of whatever caste or lineage, nor make
peace with the enemy, except upon terms sat-
isfactory to them; and finally, that treason is
odious, and though it may be pardoned by a
faithless Executive, it is,still .treason, and as
such shall never he allpwed to disgrace any
official position, State or national; and the
man who undertakes to stay execution of the
judgment upon this verdict had better ask the
history of his country in mercy to omit his
name from its pages.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the House will
 ot take out of my time what has been con-
sumed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will understand
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania was
ready tq proceed while the gentleman from
Ohio was not, and that the latter will be enti-
tled to the floor for one hour on next Tues-
day, to which time the subject has been post-
poned.
MRS. SALLIE GRIDER.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I ask unan-
imous consent to introduce the following reso-
lution :
Betolvtd, That the Serjeant-at-Arms be. and is
hereby, directed to pay Mrs. Sallie Grider, widow of
Henry Grider, deceased, late amember of this House,
the amount of compensation unpaid and due to said
Henry Grider, as a member of this House at the time
of his death, on the 7th of September, 1866.
Mr. "WILSON, of Iowa. I suggest to the
gentleman to amend^-he resolution by making
it include the extra compensation, so as to save
all further question.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I accept
that modification.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS.
Mr. BOUTWELL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill concerning judicial proceed-
ings ; which was read a first and second time,
end referred to .the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
ASSAY OFFICE IN ST. LOUIS.
Mr. HOGAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to establish an office in the city
of St. Louis for the assay of gold and sil-
ver ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
INCREASED PAY OP CLERKS.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
that House joint resolution No. 224, relating to
the increased pay of clerks, may now be taken
up and put on its passage. It is the special
order, and will take but a few moments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to postpone all
previous orders.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at ten minutes to four o'clock p. m.) the
House adjourned.
January 9,
PETITIONS) ETC. ,
The following petitions, &c.„ were presented under
the rules, and referred to theappropriatecouimittees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition ofMadison New-*
ton, asking allowance for extraordinary" medical
expenses and personal attention caused by wounds
of nis son received in the service.
By Mr. ALLISON: The petition of the McGregor
Western Railroad Company for aid to extend their
road from O'Brien county, Iowa, to Yankton, Dako-
ta, &c.
Also, the petition of 100 citizens of Clermont. Fay-
ette county, Iowa, protesting against contraction of
the currency, &c.
By Me. AMES: The petition of Harvey T. Litch-
field, for .change of name of steamer Eveline to Nan-
tasket
By Mr, BALDWIN: Thepetition of the Worcester
Horse; Railroad Company, for relief frQm internal
revenue tax on grpss receipts.
Also, the petition of citizens of Grafton, Massa-
chusetts, concerning the currency and the national
banks.
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of Charles Col-
burn, of Massachusetts, to be compensated for ser-
vices as yeoman on board the United States receiv-
ing ship Ohio duringthe year 1845, andsubsequently.
By Mr. BEAMAif: The petition of J. B. Bloss and
Moses W. Field, of Detroit, Michigan, praying that
Congress will refrain from the passage of any act
authorizing a curtailment of the national currency.
Also, the petition ofHenry Underwood, and others,
jurors, serving in the district and circuit courts of
the United States sitting at Detroit, Michigan, pray-
ing fox increased compensation.
Also, the petition of George R. Smith, of Detroit,
Michigan, praying for the passage of the bankrupt
bill now pending m Congress. •
Also, the report of the Board of Trade of the city of
Detroit, touching the subject of registering Canadian-
built vessels in the United States, remonstrating
against granting further concessions to the owners
of foreign-built ships, and recommending that all
articles of American manufacture for ships be free
from excise or internal revenue taxes.
By Mr. DR1GGS: The petition of Emil Scheurman,
and 20 others, citizens of Saginaw, Michigan, praying
for a reduction of tax on cigars.
By Mr. DARLING: The petition of Samuel & I.
Schiffcr, merchants in New York city, praying com-
pensation for leather held by them in payment of
debts duethem at Savannah, Georgia, and taken and
sold by the United States.
ByMr.ECKLEY: The petition of citizensof Wells-
ville, Ohio, against any decrease of national currency,
and against requiring the national banks to redeem
their circulation in the city of New York.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH: The petition of a large
number of the citizens of Aurora, iCane county, Illi-
nois, for impeachment of Andrew Johnson, acting
President of the United States.
By Mr. GARFIELD: The memorial of J. D. Moore
and John N. Moulder, hospital stewards, United
States Army, asking that the act of July 28,*1866, may
be amended and made applicable to soldiers remain-
ing in service after that date.
fiy Mr. HOLMES: The petition of Smith & Post,
of Oswego, New York, for American registers for Cana-
dian-built vessels Champlain, Hockelagu, Monarch,
Sea Gull, and Smith & Post.
By Mr. HUMPHREY: The petition of Colonel E.
W. Benson, and 1,400 others, citizens and tax-payers
of Buffalo, New York, asking for the passage of alaw
granting pensions to the soldiers and sailors of the
war of 1812. ^
By Mr. HUNTER: The memorial of R.L. Allen, R.
H. Allen k Co., John W. Douglass, Edward B. Leve-
rich, and others, against the increase of duties upon
importations of steel.
By Mr. INGERSOLL: The petition of William E.
Phelps, S. M. Farren, H. P. Tracy, and others, citizens
of Elmwood, Illinois, protesting against the passage
of any act for the reduction of the currency, or any
act requiring the national banks to redeem their cir-
culation in the city of New York.
By Mr. KELLEY: The memorial of *766 loyal Union
citizens of Arkansag, praying that in view of the un-
willingness of the late insurrectionists in that State
to render a prompt compliance with the measures
taken by the loyal people of this nation, Congress do
declare the unrecognized government of the State of
Arkansas, as at present existing, abolished and of no
effect^ and to confer upon the loyal people of that
State, and -such other persons as may be deemed
worthy, the authority to reorganize a State govern-
ment upon a basis which shall insure to its loyal citi-
zens, without regard to color, the full enjoyment of
their rights and privileges, &c.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: The peti-
tion of citizens of Lawrence county. Pennsylvania,
asking for the passage of an increase of duties on
foreign goods. „ _
By Mr. MARVIN: The petition of L. L. Dean,
John Carmichall, Henry Quithot, andothers,citizens
of Amsterdam, Montgomery county, New York, pro-
testing against the act compelling national banks to
redeem in New York, and against any contraction of
the currency.
Also, a petition of similar import from T. N. Miller
& Co., G. A. Streeter & Co., and many others, citizens
of Johnstown, Fulton county, New York.
By Mr. MOULTON: The petition of citizens of
Assumption, Christian county, Illinois, praying that
Congress refrain from any curtailment of the car-
ByMr. O'NEILL: The memorial of GoneralGrant,
Major General Meade, andothers, officers of the Uni-
ted States Army, respectfully asking that when offi-
cers are withdrawn from active service and placed
on the retired list, under existing laws, they may be
allowed, in addition to their pay, their service or lon-
gevity rations, which is one ration per day for every
nve> years' service.
By Mr. PAINE: The memorial of the Soldiers' and
Sailors' Union of Washington, District of Columbia,
asking for an investigation into the affairs of the
Government Printing Office.
Also, the memorial of Joseph Henry, George G.
Meade, J. E. Hilgard, Charles Whittlesey, and I. A.
Lapham, a committee of the American Association
for the Advancement of Science, for the publication
,of the Lake Surveys in separate form.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of manufacturers and
dealers in cigars, and dealers in and growers of seed-
leaf tobacco, asking for a modification of the internal
revenue law in reference to the same.
By Mr.SCHENCK: The petition of Major General
Lorenzo Thomas, Adjutant General United States
Army, praying that he may be allowed double ra-
tions.
Also, the petition of30 officers ofthe United States
Army, praying that officers placed on the retired list
may be allowed to retain their longevity rations.
By Mr. RAYMOND: The memorial of Major Gen-
eral Hooker, and other military officers, praying for
a continuance of service or longevity rations to offi-
cers placed on the retired list, in addition to the pay
now allowed.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of David Lilianfield,
and others, of Kalamazoo, Michigan, praying for a
reduction of the tax on cigars.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of David
Quinn, of Chicago, Illinois, for reestablishment of
slavery.
By Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois: The petition
of citizens of Rush, Jo Daviess county, Illinois, ask-
ing that no act be passed curtailing the national cur-
rency, or compelling all national banks, wherever
located, to redeem their notes in New York, or pro-
hibiting them from paying or receiving interest on
bank balances.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
By Mr. INGERSOLL: The memorial and other
papers on file in the case of Robert T. Winslow, for
compensation for services in raising a regiment of
infantry, were withdrawn from the file ofthe House,
and recommitted to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 9, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. William Paton, D. D., New
Haven, Connecticut.
, The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented two petitions of
citizens of Vermont, praying for the passage of
House bill No. 718, to provide increased rev-
enue from imports, and for other purposes;
which were referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of
merchants of Wilmington, North Carolina,
praying for a change in the internal revenue
laws; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN presented thirty-two peti-
tions from citizens of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
Kentucky, and Wisconsin, praying for the im-
position of an increased duty on flaxseed; which
were referred to the Committee on Finance,
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Erie county, Ohio, praying for the passage of
House bill No. 718, to provide increased rev-
enue from imports, and for other purposes ',
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. HENDERSON presented a memorial
of citizens of Johnson county, Missouri, praying,
that Congress will not provide for any further
curtailment of the national currency; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. RAMSEY. I present a memorial of
merchants of the city of St. Paul, Minnesota,
protestingagainstthepassage ofany act author-
izing the curtailment of the national currency,
or having in view the return, within a limited
time, to specie payments. They respectfully
represent that the further reduction of the vol-
ume of currency at present would prove highly
injurious to the banking, manufacturing, and
mercantile interests of the country, and would
entail suffering upon nearly every member of
the community; and they express the opinion
that if such currency shall now be contracted
we are near the time when the lawful obliga-
tions of citizens cannot be met. They also
ask Congress to refrain from the enactment of
any law compelling all national banks, where
