ilia
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
section of the .country. But, sir, I .see that I
shall hardly get on yith the opposition that is
made to this bill at the present moment, and
if it is the purpose of the honorable Senator
from Kentucky to divide the Senate on this
question I shall be obliged to ask the indul-
gence of the Senate to lay it aside for a moment
and n?o?eed to the consideration of some other
bill. "
Mr. DAVIS. I ,will thank the honorable
Senator to take that course.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope, then, the Senate
will indulge me by laying this bill aside for the
present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Har-
ris.) It will be laid aside if there be no
objection.
NATHAN SARGENT DUSTIN.
Mr. MORRILL. I will ask the Senate now
to proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 470.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 470) to authorize the
change of a name. It authorizes Nathan Sar-
gent Dustin to change his name by dropping
therefrom the name of Dustin, and to bear
that of Nathan Sargent, to take effect from
the 1st of January, 1867.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE EROM XXIE HOUSE.
The following message was received from
tbo House of Representatives by Mr. McPher-
son, its Clerk:
Mr. President, I am directed by the House
of Representatives to inform the Senate that the
House of Representatives having proceeded,
in pursuance of the Constitution, to reconsider
the bill entitled "An act for the admission of
the State of Nebraska into the Union," re-
turned to the Senate by the President of the
United States with his objections, and sent by
the Senate to the House of Representatives
•with the message of the President returning
the said bill, have passed said bill, two thirds
of the House having voted therefor.
15NROLLK0 BILL SlUNISD.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (II. R. No. 1127) to fix the salary of the
quartermaster sergeantof the battalion ofEngi-
ncers: and it was thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore of the Senate.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by W. O. Moore, his Secretary, an-
nounced that he had approved and signed on
the 8th instant the following bill and joint res-
olution :
A bill (S. No. 433) for the relief of E. J.
Ourloy; and a joint resolution (S. R. No. 94)
providing for the payment of certain Kentucky
militia forces.
MARYLAND DliCLAltATION OP RIGHTS.
Mr. MORRILL. I now ask the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of the Senate bill
No. 295 repealing thirty-fourth section of the
declaration of rights of the State of Maryland
so far as the same has been recognized or
adopted in the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. Legislation on the subject-
matter ot this bill was had at the last session
of Congress which renders this bill unimport-
ant, and I therefore move its indefinite post-
ponement.
The motion was agreed to.
SPECIAL JURIES IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. MORRILL. I now ask the Senate to
Sroceed to the consideration of Senate bill
o. 449.
The motion was agrfeed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. ,449) authorizing
special juries in the District of Columbia.
It provides that in any suit or action pend-
ing in the supreme court of the District of Co-
lumbia, and in any criminal prosecution pend-
ing in that court, either party to such suit, and
the district attorney of such District, or the
respondent in any criminal prosecution, may
apply to any of the judges of the court for an
order for a special jury for the trial of such
suit or prosecution; and if it be made to ap-
pear to the satisfaction of such judges that an
impartial trial of such suit or prosecution can-
not be had by a jury selected within the Dis-
trict, the judges are to make an order that a
special jury be drawn for the trial of the suit
or prosecution, to be selected from such county
without the District as the judges shall direct.
The order is to direct the number of jurors to
be drawn, and name two persons to select the
jurors, and upon the return of a,certificate by
the persons appointed of the jurors selected
the court is to issue a venire to the marshal of
the District to summon the jurors .so selected
to attend upon a day named in Such venife,
and the .court may specially assign a day for
the trial of such suit or prosecution. From
the persons so dra\yn and summoned a jury is
to be selected by lot, and the same right of
challenge may be exercised as by law is given
in other cases. The marshal, for summoning
such jurors, is to be entitled to the fees now
provided by law, and such jurors are to be
bound to obey such summons, and the court
may compel their attendance as if they resided
within the District. The jurors are to receive
 dollars for each day's attendance, and
cents per mile for travel. The costs
occasioned by the special jury may by the
court be ordered to be paid in whole or in
part by the party applying therefor, and may
be taxed and recovered, as costs, in whole or
part, as the court may direct.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill with an amendment, in lino
fourteen after the word "District" to insert
the words " in an adjoining State;" so that the
clause'will read:
Such judges shall make an order that a special jury
shall be drawn for the trial of such suit or prosecu-
tion, to be selected from such county without the
District, in an adjoining State, as such judges shall
dircot. a
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope my friend from
Maine will not insist on a vote on this bill
now. _ I have not considered the constitutional
question, or the question of power rather,
which I think is involved. If I understand
the bill, it authorizes the co-urt here to summon
a jury from Maryland and Virginia to try cases,
civil or criminal, in this District.
Mr. MORRILL. That is what it does.
Mr. JOHNSON. The power ponferred upon
Congress over the District to legislate in all
cases whatever for the District; and how they
can under that power go out of the District
and compel the people of Maryland^to come
in to aid them in the administration of justice
in the District I am unable to perceive. In-
deed, my present impression is very strong
that Congress has no such authority. In the
case of Cohen vs. the State of Virginia, which
involved the right to sell lottery tickets, I
think in a lottery authorized by Congress in
this District, it was conceded by the Supreme
Court that under the authority to legislate for
the District there was no authority to make
any tickets which might be authorized to be
sold in a local lottery here salable outside of
the District in any other State. This is worse
than that.
We owe no^allegiance at all to Congress ex-
cept the allegiance which the Constitution cre-
ates. _ The power which Congress has over the
District is neither more nor less than the power
each State has over its own territory, its own
legitimate conecrns; and it seems to me it would
be just as much in the power of Maryland to
pass a law authorizing the summoning for the
trial of cases in Maryland of citizens from the
District as it is in the power of Congress to
summon persons from Maryland to try cases
arising in the District. The whole effect of
the constitutional clause in relation to the Dis-
trict is that the United States are made the State
for the District, ju,st as Maryland is a State for
its own district of territory. Unless my friend,
therefore, can satisfy me that the power exists,
I hope he will permit the bill to lie upon the
table for the present at any rate, more espe-
cially as there are no.t more than fifteen Sen-
ators present.
Mr. MORRILL. I suppose I shall have to
ask that the bill be laid aside with the consent
of the Senate.
The PRESIDING! OFFICER, (Mr. Pom-
erot in the chair.) The bill will be laid aside
if there be no objection.
NATIONAL CAPITAL INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. MORRILL. I now ask the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 234.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 234) to incorporate
the National Capital Insurance Company. It
proposes to create Green Adams, Erastus
Poulson, Joseph J. Coombs, Robert Leech,
John B. Clark, jr., J. P. Reznor, Fergus M.
Blair, Robert L. Owen, and Joseph W. Parish,
and others who may become members, a body
politic and corporate, by the name and style
of the "National Capital Insurance Com-
pany," for the purpose of carrying on the
business of insurance at the city of Washing-
ton, in the District of Columbia, and elsewhere,
with the usual powers of a corporation, au-
thorizing them to effect all kinds of fire or life
insurance, either on the cash or stock plan,
with a capital of not less than $20,000 nor
more than $1,000,000.
The Committee on the District of. Columbia
reported the bill with various amendments, the
first of which was to strike out the ninth sec-
tion of the bill after the enacting clause in the
following words:
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That this company
may effect all kinds of fire or life insurance, either
on the cash or stock plan, without premium notes, or
may require premium notes and a cash amount in
addition, as hereinbefore provided for; but any per-
son insuring on the premium-note plan shall be bound
to pay his or her share of all losses and expenses
incurred by the company, whether the same arise out
of losses or expenses growing out of a cash, stock,
or a premium-note insurance.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That said company shall be conducted on the plan
of mutual assurance; may open books to receive
propositions and enter into arrangements for insur-
ance, but shall not commence business until agree-
ments have been entered into for assurance with at
least one hundred applicants.
Mr. MORRTLL. Perhaps I ought to explain
this amendment in a word. It will be seen
that by this section as it stood as passed by the
House of Representatives all sorts of insur-
ance were provided for. There was the ordi-
nary insurance against fire, and marine, and
life, and health. There is no instance that I
know of where a company has been chartered
with such large powers. J believe the princi-
ple of insurance is, that these should always
be separate, and the law usually imposes very
much larger obligations and greater securities
on those companies that propose to insure
upon life or health than upon ordinary com-
panies. We propose to amend the bill so as
to confine the corporation simply to fire and
marine insurance. ^ «,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as sec-
tion thirteen the following;
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
the duty of the president or vice-president and sec-
retary of said company annually, on or before tho
1st day of January, to prepare under oath, and de-
Posit in the office of the Secretary of the Interior, and
snail also cause to be published, in some newspaper
Poshed in the District of Columbia, a statement
u total amount of premiums received
H'.c total amount of losses paid and ascertained,
nylai\ne ex.P°n®es during tho year; also the amount
of debts owing by said company at. the date of the
statement, and the amount of claims against the conl-
pany for losses; also a statement of the funds of ths
