1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ifm
_ A bill (H. R. No. 1209) grantiog a back pen-
sion to Margaret Boucher;
A bill (H. It. No. 1210) increasing the pen-
sion of Levi M. Robert®;
A bill (H. R. No. 1211) granting a pension
to Effie J. Harvey ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1212) for the relief of
Nancy Hinton;
A bill (H. R. No. 1213) forthe relief of Eliz-
abeth Staley:
A bill (II. R. No. 1214) for the relief of
Daniel JIcMahon ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1215) for the relief of
Thomas Glasgow ;
A bill (II. It. No. 1216) granting a pension
to Mary Hosea;
A bill (II. R. No. 1217) granting a pension
to David B. Champion ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1218) for the relief of
James Riddle;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 265) for the
relief of Virginia S. Wilson, widow of the late
Captain George W. Wilson ;
A .joint resolution (II. It. No. 290) for the
relief of Daniel Cole ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 296) for the
reliefof the orphan children of William Whelan.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom the subject was referred,
reported a bill (S. No. 622) to repeal the pro-
visions of law authorizing the introduction of
foreign goods into the United States without
inspection at the usual ports of entry; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
He also presented a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, directed to the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce, relating to
the subject-matter of the bill last mentioned ;
which was ordered to be printed, to accom-
pany the bill.
He also, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1166)
to authorize the building of light-houses therein
mentioned, and for other purposes, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. FRELINGIJUYSEN, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
petition of Susan Ten Eyck Williamson, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 623) granting a pension
to Mrs. Susan Ten Eyck Williamson ; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 609) allowing the duties on foreign mer-
chandise imported into the port of Albany to
be seq^red and paid at that place, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 463) for
the relief of Rev. Samuel M. Beatty, of Ohio,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1096) for the
relief of J. & O. P. Cobb & Co., reported it
without amendment.
BUSINESS OF PENSION COMMITTEE.
Mr. LANE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Pensions to ask the Senate to adopt the
following order:
Jtaolvei, That the Senate will have a speoial ses-
sion, commencing at seven o'clock p. m. on Tuesday,
February 26. forthe purpose of considering bills from
the Committee on Pensions.
I will state to the Senate that it will not
take perhaps over an hour or an hour and a
half. There are a great many hard cases, the
bare recital of which is enough to bring tears
from any sensitive heart. There are thirty-
eight pension bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives, and it will not take over an hour
or an hoar and a qnarter to pass them all.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
eonsent, and agreed to.
IRON-CLAD ONONDAGA.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that all prior orders
be suspended, and that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of Senate bill No. 61^ It
will not take more than a minute.
Mr. SUMNER. What is that bill?
Mr. GRIMES. Its title is "A bill authoriz-
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 113.
ing the Secretary of the Navy to transfer the
United States iron-clad Onondaga to George
Quintard, of New York."
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary
of the Navy to deliver to George Quintard, of
New York, for his own use and behoof, the
United States iron-clad Onondaga, upon pay-
ment by him, his heirs and assigns, to the
Treasury of the United States of the sum of
$759,673.
Mr. GRIMES. I ought, in justice to myself
and to the committee that authorized me to
report this bill, to state that this vessel was
built by Mr. Quintard, has been in service
some years, and he proposes to take her from
the Government again at the same price that
he has been paid for her, namely, $759,073,
the sum specified in the bill, and that the Navy
Department say that "it is thought with this
money a more satisfactory vessel could be built,
and no objection is known to returning her to
the owner if the money is refunded." It
thereby relieves the Government also of a large
claim that Mr. Quintard has against the Gov-
ernment for an excess of cost over and above
the amount of his contract.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 489.
Mr. CONNESS. I have got some morning
business that I should like to dispose of before
we proceed to the consideration of other busi-
ness on special motion. I should like to know
whether it is in order. I desire to offer a joint
resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has called for petitions and reports of commit-
tees. The Senator from Iowa then moved that
the Senate postpone the present and all prior
orders, and proceed to the consideration of a
bill ; which the Senate voted to do. Now,
according to the practice of the Senate it will
be jn order for the Chair to call for the intro-
duction of bills and joint resolutions; but the
Senator from Kansas moves to postpone the
present and all prior orders, and the Chair
will feel bound to entertain the motion. Other-
wise he would call for the introduction of bills
and joint resolutions, that being in order under
the rules for morning business.
Mr. CONNESS. I propose that we go on
and finish the morning business before Sena-
tors call up bills.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to make
a report.
Mr. POMEROY. It is usual, under the
Eractice of the Senate, that a motion such as I
ave made be entertained, and if carried then
to allow the business thus taken up to be laid
aside informally to dispose of the morning
business. I should have no objection to that
course.
Mr. CONNESS. I think we had better get
through with the morning business, and then
let gentlemen call up their bills. This taking
a mortgage on the time of the Senate is hardly
in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have already passed
one bill.
Mr. CONNESS. That is no reason why the
practice should be continued.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill to which I allude
is of very great importance to the State that
I have the honor in part to represent, and it
must go to the House of Representatives to
become a law. It is very important that it
should be disposed of at this session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Kansas move to postpone the
present and all prior orders and proceed to the
consideration of the bill named by him ?
Mr. POMEROY, I made the motion, but
I will withdraw it to allow reports to be made;
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is withdrawn. The introduction of bills and
joint resolutions is in order, but the Chair will
receive reports, if they are offered.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to \vhom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1126) making appropriations for the sup-
' port of the Army for the year ending June 30,
1868, and for other purposes, reported it with
amendments.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
t consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 625) to amend an act entitled ''An act
concerning the Fire Department of Washington
city," approved February 18, 1867 ; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
INTER-OCEANIC SUIP-CANAL.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 181) concerning the right of
way for the survey and construction of an inter-
oceanic ship-canal through the Isthmus of Da-
rien ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to get the
present consideration of this resolution. No
Senator can have any objection to it, and it will
' occupy no more time than is consumed in its
reading. It is important that it should be passed
at once. I think the whole Senate will concede
, that.
! The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
j 8enatorfrom California ask for the present con-
sideration of the joint resolution ?
I Mr. CONNESS. I do. It will only occnpy
; two minutes.
| The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
; the unanimous consent of the Senate to consider
it at this time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall be compelled to
object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it lies over under the rule.
PAYMENTS TO LOYAL PERSONS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 222.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator move to postpone all prior orders to
consider his bill V
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do ; and I will make
a little statement why I do it. I do it, and I
object to the resolution of the Senator from
California, not because I am opposed to giving
unanimous consent, but it is the only opportu-
nity I can get in the struggle to get the floor
and to be in order to make the motion. I hope
he will have the opportunity to present his res-
olution. I am not opposed to the resolution
because I do not know what is in it; but it is
simply because I see no other way to get a
motion to consider the bills I have in charge
before the- Senate but to interfere against
unanimous consent.
Mr. POMEROY. I yielded the motion
which I made that the morning business might
be completed. I did not suppose that I would
be denied the privilege ot introducing my
measure and pressing it to a vote as-soon as the
morning business was disposed of.
Mr. CONNESS. I feel bound to express
my obligations to the Senator from Kansas. I
felt if anybody was entitled to the floor he was.
The Senator from Illinois'got the floor in
another manner entirely.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It is moved
to postpone all prior orders, and to proceed to
the consideration of House joint resolution
No. 222.
The motion was agreed to : and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 222)
prohibiting payments by any officer of the Gov-
ernment to any person not known to have been
opposed to the rebellion and in favor of its
suppression.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
