1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1117
company and the gross amount of outstanding risks
thereon.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the bill
in the first section, line ten, by striking out
the words " and elsewhere." As the bill now
stands it would authorize them to insure in the
District of Columbia and elsewhere.
Mr. JOHNSON. The power of Congress to
authorize them, as against the States, to con-
tract insurances out of the limits of the District
is one question; but whether we should take
from them the authority altogether, if the States
do not deny it, is quite another question. There
is no State in the Union that has any authority
to charter a company to do business out of its
own limits; but there is hardly an insurance
company in any State that is not in the habit
of insuring in other States thati in the State
where it is incorporated. If this amendment
should be adopted, this company can insure
only in this District, and it will be compara-
tively of little or no importance to the corpo-
rators or to anybody else. I think the com-
panies now chartered here are authorized to
perfect policies outside of the District. They
can only do it with the consent of the States
where they may undertake to do it. Some of the
States require licenses to be taken out by
foreign corporations.
I am not aware that there is any State which
prohibits a corporation chartered by a sister
State, or an English corporation, from effect-
ing insurances outside of its limits. There are
now in active operation numbers of such com-
panies with a long line of risks taken by them.
A corporation chartered by Parliament has its
agency here, with the consent of Congress,
and nobody doubts, that whatever contracts
they enter into will be binding upon the cor-
poration at home, if there should be any con-
test on the subject. So in relation to State
corporations of this description. If they are
not prohibited by the law chartering them from
effecting policies outside of the State and they
effect such policies with the-consent of'the
State where the risk is taken they are bound.
I do not see any want of power involved in our
not excluding from the authority to effect
policies outside of the District.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not understand
that the amendment proposes to prohibit them,
but simply that we will not expressly authorize
them.
Mr. JOHNSON". It does prohibit them.
Mr. MORRILL. My understanding was the
same as that of the Senator from Indiana. The
bill proposes to authorize them to go elsewhere.
llr. JOHNSON. We cannot authorize them
to do so. I will ask for the reading of the
amendment again.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. My notion about that was
that if they were incorporated a body-politic,
&c., with these powers to transact business in
the city of Washington, they would have the
same power to transact business anywhere else
that a company chartered by one of the States
would. What is that power? Simply by the
consent of the authorities of the several States.
They must take their chances. We make them
a body-politic and corporate. Wo make them
a person in law, and they must take their chances
about establishing business anywhere else. We
authorize them to establish business here. I
think that the use of the words "and else-
where" in the first section would seem to imply
that we authorized them to set up business else-
where. It does not occur to me that the amend-
ment is open to the criticism of the Senator
from Maryland.
Mr. JOHNSON. It may be very right to
strike out the words "and elsewhere:" but
then striking out those words and authorizing
them to effect insurances here will place them
in the situation that if they insure upon a risk
that will occur elsewhere it will not bind the
party to the risk he assumes.
Mr. HENJRICKS. I thought the argu-
ment of the Senator from Maryland a little
while ago was very conclusive that we* could
not go outside of the District of Columbia to
select a jury for this District, because the right
to_ make laws is only for this District. So I
think in regard to the organization of a cor-
poration. We can simply^ to make a corpo-
ration, give it life and existence in this Dis-
trict, and if it is the pleasure of the States to
allow that corporation thus created to exercise
their privileges in those States, I presume it
will be all right.
Mr. JOHNSON. If that is the understand-
ing I have no objection to it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is the way I think
it ought to be.
Mr. DAVIS. The principle suggested by the
honorable Senator from Indiana is certainly
correct. By the comity of States the corpora-
tion of one State is allowed to do business in
another State unless in the lattcf State it be
expressly prohibited. Certainly one State, the
State of Indiana for instance, could not by
legislation authorize these corporations to do
business in any other State; and as the power
of Congress over the District of Columbia is
restricted territorially to the District, Congress
cannot have any more power in relation to the
matter than one State would have in relation
to legislating for a corporation to transact busi-
ness in another State. I think that is a very
plain proposition, and I hope the honorable
chairman of the committee will make his bill
conform to what I think is the plain power of
Congress.
Mr. MORRILL. I propose that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move further to amend
the bill on page 2, line fourteen, by striking
out the words " or elsewhere," so as to make
it conform to the amendment just adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move to strike out
the tenth section of the bill. It is rendered
unnecessary by the amendments that have been
made.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is it about?
Mr. MORRILL. It is providing for the
capital stock of the company. As it is now
changed to the character of a mutual insurance
company the section is unnecessary.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER^ The sec-
tion proposed to be stricken out will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows :
Sue. 10. And be it further enacted, That the capital
stock of the company shall not be less than $20,000
nor more than §1,000,000, which first-named amount
of $20,000 shall be paid in previous to effecting in-
surances; and tho residuo may consist of cash pre-
miums and premium notes received upun rbks taken
by tho company, or such other capital, in shares of
fifty dollars each, as may by the by-laws be added.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am sorry that the bill
is changed so as to make this a mutual insur-
ance company instead of an ordinary company.
I do not think in their very nature the mutual
companies are very safe companies. To meet
losses calls have to be made upon the stock-
holders, or rather the persons who are insured.
It is a very unreliable fund, and the most un-
satisfactory sort of insurance company. While
I do not oppose the bill seriously I do not want
by my silence to acquiesce in that principle.
Mr. MORRILL. I am very much of the
honorable Senator's opinion myself; but I saw
no option. The bill, as it passed the House
of Representatives, provided in the ninth sec-
tion that this company might effect all kinds
of fire or life insurance, either on the cash or
stock plan. That certainly was a novel feature.
We have endeavored to guard against abuse or
fraud by inserting a provision directing the offi-
cers of the company annually to make a return
of the exact condition of the affairs of the com-
pany, which is to be filed with the Secretary of
the Interior, and also to be published in a news-
paper in this city.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Some companies, I
know, that are based on this mutual principle
have been great evils to the country. Perhaps
some have been successful; but they can only
be successful by requiring a reasonable amount
of money to be kept on hand to meet losses,
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill 'was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in, and ordered to be engrossed, and the bill
to be read a third time. It was read £t third
time, and passed.
ADMISSION OS- NEBRASKA—VETO.
Mr. WADE. I will ask tho Senator from
Maine to permit mo to offer a resolution that
is necessaTy to.complete some legislation, and
which will take but a moment:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of the Senate bo
directed to prosent to the Secretary of State tho bill
entitled "An act for tho admission of tho State of
Nebraska into the Union," together with the certif-
icates of tho Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of tho
House of Representatives, showing that the said act
was passed by a vote of two thirds of both Houses of
Congress after the same had been returned to the
Sonate by tho President with his objections, and
after tho reconsideration of said act by both Houses
of Congress in accordance with tho Constitution.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
REPEAL Of DISTRICT LAWS.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 10.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 15) to repeal certain
laws and ordinances in the District of Colum-
bia, and for other purposes, which had been
reported adversely by the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think itis neces-
sary to read that bill, as I observe that the
committee report it adversely. I move its
indefinite postponement.
The motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON FIRE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 183.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (II. R. No. 183) concerning the
fire department of Washington city. It pro-
poses to grant the right to have, use, and oc-
cupy all the several buildings, with their appur-
tenances, known as the Union, Franklin,
Columbia, and Anacostia engine-houses to the
city of Washington, in the District of Colum-
bia, tho possession and occupation to continue
so long as used for the purposes of the fire
department and the pleasure of the Congress
of the United States; but the use and occu-
pancy of the Columbia engine-house is not in
any way to interfere with the possession and oc-
cupancy by tho Columbia fire company of the
rooms now used as library rooms in that
building.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment,, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
Mr. MORRILL. I think we are not in a
condition to proceed to-day with the legislation
of the District in matters that are controverted.
I therefore send to the Secretary's table the
following resolution and ask for its present
consideration:
Resolved. That Tuesday evening next, at half past
seven o'clock, bo assigned for the consideration of
legislation lor tho District of Columbia.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
BILLS RECOMMITTED.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to recommit two or
three bills, if the Senator from Maine will allow
me to do so.
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly; I am pretty
much wound up.
Mr. WILSON. There are some bills here
which I think can be put together and thus
save time, and therefore I desire to have them
recommitted. They are the bill for the national
cemeteries, the bill in relation to the National
Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphan Home, and the
bill temporarily to increase the pay of the Army.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is informed that the bill (H. R. No. 848) to
