1118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
amend an act entitled "An act to incorporate
the National Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphan
BFome" was passed on the 30th of January,
and the next day a motion to reconsider was
entered by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] and that motion must first be dis-
posed of by the Senate before it can be re-
committed.
Mr. WILSON. Then I should like to have
the motion to reconsider acted upon now. The
motion vras made with a view to amend the
bl The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
then will put the question on the reconsidera-
tion, if there be no objection.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. "WILSON. I now move to recommit
the bill to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. Now, I hope the other two
bills I have mentioned will be taken up and
recommitted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move thattheSenate
adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. The committee meet on
Monday, and as I desire to have these bills
before them, I hope the Senator will allow
these motions to be made.
Mr. HENDRICKS. We cannot consider
any bill of importance to-night.
Mr. WILSON. My motion simply is to
recommit the bills to the committee, which
meets on Monday morning, with a view to their
amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the bill (S. No.
508) to provide for a temporary increase of the
pay of the officers of the Army of the United
States, and for other purposes, be recommitted
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. 1 now move that the bill
(H. R. No. 788) to establish and protect na-
tional cemeteries bo recommitted to the same
committee.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the question of
adjournment is put I desire to have a short
executive session. ['■ Oh, no."] It will take
but a moment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well; I withdraw
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors
were reopened.
postal laws.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 527.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 527) to amend the
postal laws, and for other purposes.
It proposes to modify the schedule of charges
or fees for issuing postal money-orders estab-
lished by the third section of the act approved
June 12, 1806, so that the charge or fee for
an order not exceeding ten dollars is to be ten
cents ; for an order of more than ten, but not
exceeding thirty dollars, the charge is to be fif-
teen cents, and for an order exceeding thirty
dollars a fee of twenty-five cents is to be
charged; and the compensation of deputy
postmasters for the payment of money-orders
is to be increased from one eighth to one
fourth of one per cent, on the gross amount
oi orders paid at their respective offices. In
ease of the loss of a money-order a duplicate
is to be issued by the superintendent of the
money-order office, without charge, on the ap-
plication of the remitter or payee of the origi-
nal, provided the applicant furnish a certificate
from the postmaster on whom it was drawn that
it had not been and would not thereafter be paid,
and a similar certificate from the postmaster by
whom it was issued that it had not been and
would not bo repaid to the purchaser; and a
second fee is not to bo charged for a duplicate
money-order issued to replace an order that
has been rendered invalid because of non-pre-
sentation for payment within one year after its
date or because of illegal indorsements.
If any person shall falsely forge orcounter-
feit, or willingly aid, assist, or abet in falsely
forging or counterfeiting, or shall procure,
directly or indirectly, to be falsely forged or
counterfeited any postal money-order, or any
material signature or indorsement to any postal
money-order issued by the Post Office Depart-
ment or any of its agents, for the purpose and
with the intent of obtaining or receiving, di-
rectly or indirectly, or of procuring or enabling
.others to obtain or receive, directly or indi-
rectly, any sum or sums of money, and thereby
to defraud either the United States or any per-
son of such sum or sums of money, or any part
thereof, or shall pass, utter, or publish, or
attempt to pass, utter, or publish, as true, any
such forged or countex'feited postal money-
order, with intent to defraud either the United
States or any person of any sum or sums of
money, knowing such postal money-order or
any signature or indorsement thereon to be so
falsely forged or counterfeited, every such per-
son is to be deemed guilty of felony, and being
duly convicted is to be sentenced to be im-
prisoned and kept at hard labor for a period of
not less than two years nor more than five
years, and to be fined in a sum not exceeding
$5,000.
The Postmaster General is authorized to
appoint in his Department a superintendent
of foreign mails at an annual salary of $3,000,
and one additional clerk of class four for that
branch of the postal service.
The Postmaster General is also authorized
to appoint in the office of the Third Asssistant
Postmaster General a superintendent of dead
letters, at an annual salary of $2,000.
The Postmaster General is also authorized
to appoint in the bureau of the Second Assist-
ant Postmaster General a superintendent of
domestic mails and a superintendent of inspec-
tion, who, with the chief clerks of the three
bureaus and the topographer of the Post Office
Department, are each to receive a salary of
$2,500 per annum; also, to appoint an addi-
tional clerk, to bo in charge of mail bags, locks,
and keys, at a salary of $2,000 per annum, and
an assistant topographer at a salary of $1,800
per annum.
_ Mr. HENDRICKS. The purpose of that
bill seems to be to create offices.
Mr. RAMSEY. No, sir; it diminishes them
rather.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I cannot under-
stand tolerably plain reading. I think there
are two or three additional officers created by it.
Mr. RAMSEY. It merely elevates the char-
acter of some of the clerks, putting them in
the position of heads of bureaus.
Sir. HENDRICKS. How much does it
increase their pay ?
Mr. RAMSEY. It does increase their pay
some, but not very much.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does it not create two
officers unknown before, one to have the super-
iutendency of dead letters?
Mr. RAMSEY. No, sir; the officer was
there before, but not by that name. There
has always been some one clerk in the dead-
letter office assigned to the superintendence'.
It has grown to be a very important branch
of the Post Office Department. • There are
some eighty clerks employed in that particu-
lar branch, and it is thought well to appoint
some one of sufficient capacity to manage that
branch of the business.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I was right in
saying the office was created.
Mr. RAMSEY. No; the person who now
superintends it will probably be appointed su-
perintendent unless some one better be found.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose the place
will probably be filled by the same man. I
thought the Senator said the object was to get
somebody of considerable capacity. I want to
ask the Senator if it will probably improve the
capacity of the gentleman who has charge of
this business if we give him more money and
call him by another name ? I think this bill
increases offices and salaries, and that we had
. better not pass it now. I move to postpone
the consideration of it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator will
allow the Senate to pass at any rate upon the
amendments reported by the committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have objection to that,
Mr. CONNESS. I will say that this is a
bill which is very much desired by the Post-
master General, and has been very fully con-
sidered by the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and unanimously recommended
by them. There is no doubt in the world as
to the necessity of passing it. Besides, the
Senator well knows that it is very difficult to
get the floor here in the Senate for the passage
of these measures, and this bill may as well
be acted upon now as at any other time.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senate will act
on the amendments at least before we adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
amendment reported by the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads will be read.
The first amendment was in section three,
line twenty, to strike out the words "a period
of not less than two years nor," and to insert
the word " not;" so as to read:
Shall be sentenced to "be imprisoned and kept at
hard labor for not more than five years, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
lines two and three, to strike out the words
" his department" and to insert "the bureau
of the First Assistant Postmaster General,"
and at the end of the section to add "and that
the superintendent of the money-order system
shall receive an annual salary of $3,000;" so
that the section will read :
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General be, and he is hereby, authorized to
appoint in the bureau of the First Assistant Post-
master General a superintendent of foreign mails, at
an annual salary of $3,000, and one additional clerk of
class four for that branch of the postal service, and
that the superintendent of the money-order syste^jn
shall receive an annual salary of S3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five,
line three, to strike out the word "office" and
to insert the word "bureau."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six, line
seven, to strike out the word "a" and to insert
"an annual;" in line eight to strike out the
words u per annum in line nine to strikeout
the word "a" and insert " an annual," and
in line ten to strike out the words "per
annum."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I offer this amendment
under instructions of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to be called section
seven:
And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster Gen-
eral be, and he is hereby, authorized, whenever ho
may deem itnecessary or expedient, to consolidate the
three blank agencies of the Post Office Department
into one blank agency, to be located in the city of
Washington, District of Columbia, and to a.ppoint
one superintendent, at an annual salary of $1,800,
and one third class clerk, and one second class clerk,
an$ two porters or laborers, at an annual salary of
$900 each.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I offer another amendment
to come in as section eight:
And be it further enacted, That let fer-carriers em-
ployed under the direction of the Postmaster Gen-
eral shall severally receive a salary to be prescribed
by him notexceedmg $l,200peryear: Provided, That
nothing herein contained shall be construed to re-
peal the joint resolution approved June 6,1866.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COISTNESS. I am authorized by the
committee to offer the following as an addi-
tional section :
And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster Gen-
era\ be, and he is hereby, authorized to adjust and
setile the accounts of postmasters accruing prior to
