354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
near to them so as to avoid the expense of
travel or the expense of employing private
agents to attend to their business, that they
may go in person to the public agencies and
transact their business, i think that in the
State of Indiana we ought to have at least five
agencies, one for the northeastern, one for the
central, one for the southern, one for the ex-
treme southwestern portion at Evansville, and
one for the northern part of the State. I can-
not think that my colleague will differ with me
upon that subject. I think it will be unfortu-
nate if we restrict the number to three, espe-
cially as the. interests of the Treasury do not
require it. I understood from my colleague,
as I had also before understood the. law t.o be,
that whether there be three or five agents in a
State makes but little difference to the Treas-
ury, inasmuch as the agents are paid a com-
mission. The fact that there is a maximum
fixed will create a little difference in favor of
the small number, but that is so inconsidera-
ble as to make no consideration as against the
convenience of thepensionersthemselves. The
amendment proposed by the Senator-from Wis-
consin I have- no objection to if the Senate is
willing to go into this kind of legislation. I
suppose he wishes to strike some particular
officer who happened to be appointed by the
present Administration prior to the month of
October. If the Senate considers that of such
importance as to make the amendment, I have
no objection to it of course.
Mr. HOWE. I beg leave to say, for the
satisfaction of my friend from Indiana that the
object is rather to save friends appointed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. To save them! I am
not able to sec exactly how this proposition
will save anybody. I understand the amend-
ment to be to strike out October and insert
July of 1866—to go back a few months; in other
words, to legislate all agents out of office who
were appointed between July and October.
Tliat is his proposition. I think, sir, that we
ought just to say in general terms that agents
to be appointed ■ hereafter shall be confirmed
by the Senate treat these officers just as Con-
gress has always been in the habit of treating
the public officers, and not descend to the busi-
ness of legislating one set of men out of office
to put another set of men in.
Mr. LANE. In reference to the number of
agencies in particular States, I will say that as
the bill was reported by myself at the last ses-
sion from the Committee on Pensions, and as
it passed the Senate, there was no limit as to
the number. I thought at that time it was im-
proper to limit the number, although the Sec-
retary of the Interior thought three agencies
quite enough for any one State; but the limit-
ation as to the number of agents to be appointed
in a State has been put on in the House of Rep.
resentatives.
If the matter were left to myself, I wotald
prefer no limitation as to the number, but to
leave it to the discretion of the President to
appoint one wherever he supposed it might be
necessary; I do know that in. my State four
agencies would be much more convenient to
the people than three, the number contem-
plated by this bill. The increased expense
would be something, to be sure, because, in
addition to the commissions which pension
agents are allowed, there must be added the
expense of office rent and clerk hire; that
would be the only additional expense for an
additional agent. I should have preferred no
limitation as to number, but the limitation was
put on in the House of Representatives.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In relation to the amend-
ment, I regret that my colleague has thought
proper to introduce it, or at all events to give
the reason for the amendment which he has
just avowed. There are but two pension
agents, I believe, in Wisconsin; one is Col-
onel Reynolds, located at Madison, and the
other is Colonel Pitch, at Milwaukee. Why
there should be a disposition to make an
amendment that might affect one and not
affect the ether I certainly am at a loss to
know. I do not see the reason why one should
be stricken at and the other not. Both were
appointed by Mr. Harlan, the late Secretary
of the Interior, I believe.
Mr. HOWE. I have only to say that the
amendment I have moved does not strike any-
body in Wisconsin. It is a saving measure,
not a destroying measure; it saves all alike.
Mr. DOOLITTLE.  I understood my col-
league to state that it was to save a pension
agent—to save his being sent into the Senate
for confirmation. That is the only saving there
is about it. I do not know why one should be
saved ilnd the other not.
The question being taken on Mr. Howe's
amendment to the amendment of the commit-
tee, there were—14 ayes, and 7 noes ; no quo-
rum voting.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should liko to hear
a statement of what the amendment is. I do
not know what it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The divis-
ion discloses the fact that no quorum is pres-
ent ; business cannot proceed until it is ascer-
tained that there is a quorum.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
Mr. LANE. I move a call of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is never a call of
the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think there is a quo-
rum present if Senators will vote.
The yeas and nays having been called, were
ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
a statement of what the question is. I do not
understand it, and that was the reason I did
not vote. I did not know what the question
before the Senate was.
The proposed amendment was read.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Judiciary Commit-
tee reported for the month of October.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Eighteen hundred and
sixty-five or 1866?
Mr. HOWE. Eighteen hundred and sixty-
five. I want July, 1866.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not understand
the reason of my colleague's amendment. He
says he proposes to go back to July for the
purpose of saving somebody. I only referred
to my own State; I know there are but two
agents there, both colonels who served in the
Army; both appointed under Mr. Harlan when
Secretary of the Interior. I do not know any
reason for applying this law to one and not to
the other. If one must come in and be con-
firmed by the Senate, I think it fair that the
other should also. I have no particular feel-
ing about the question; but it seems to me
that if one pension agent is to be confirmed
by the Senate all ought to be confirmed by the
Senate.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. FESSENDEN, (when his name was
called.) I wish to state, if I may be allowed
to do so, that I desire to fix a later day; but
the call began so quick that it was impossible
for me to make a suggestion to my friend from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe.] The call of the roll
having been concluded, the result was an-
nouneed—yeas 16, nays 17 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conness. Cra-
gin, Creswell, Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane, Ram-
sey, Ross, Stewart, Sumner, Wade, Willey, and Wil-
li AYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Dixon, Doolit-
tle, Edmunds, Fcssenden, Foster, Grimes, Hender-
son, Hendricks, Johnson, Morgan, Morrill, Norton,
Patterson, Riddle, and Van Winkle—'17.
ABSENT —Messrs. Brown, Cattell, Davis, Fogg,
Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Guthrie, Harris, McDougall,
Nesmith, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Sher-
man, Sprague, Trumbull, Wilson, and Yates—19.
So the amendment of Mr. Howe was re-
jected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until
to-morrow. I wish to look at it. I do not
know that I have any objection to it; but I
should like time to look at it further.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. With the consent of the
Senate, I send to the Chair an" amendment to
that bill, which I should like to have printed,
so that it may be before us to-morrow.
The proposed amendment was received in-
formally and ordered to be printed.
admission 05 nebraska.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour has not fully expired, but as no mo-
tion is made, the Chair will call up the unfinished
business of yesterday, which is the bill (S. No.
456) for the admission of the State of Nebraska
into the Union, the question pending being on
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] to the amendment
offered by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Brown.] Upon this question the Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Johnson] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. As I stated yesterday, I
rise with no view to discuss the merits of the
measure itself to which the proposition upon
the table is offered as an amendment. My
opinion upon that measure and the reason on
which it rests was stated to the Senate when
the subject was under discussion at an earlier
day of the session. I rise merely to discuss
the question which as I suppose the particular
amendment now before the Senate presents.
The honorable member who proposed it [Mr.
Edmunds] has stated the ground upon which
he thinks we have the authority to adopt it.
As in my view that ground is not only wholly
untenable, but is positively mischievous, I de-
sire as well as I may be able to state the con-
siderations which lead me to that conclusion.
The ground taken by the honorable member
from Vermont is this: as Nebraska is now a
Territory and subject to the jurisdiction of
Congress, either under the clause of the Con-
stitution which gives to Congress the authority
to pass rules and regulations in relation to the
disposal of the public property, or because of
the implied power that the possession of a Ter-
ritory involves necessarily the right to govern
it, he maintains that we are at liberty to keep
the Territory in the condition in which it now
is, and govern it at all times hereafter as long
as we may think proper so to govern it as a
Territory; and, being under no obligation to
admit it as a State, we are at liberty, if we are
asked to admit it, to impose any condition upon
that admission which we may think proper.
The error of that doctrine consists, I think,
in not understanding correctly the purpose of
the clause in the Constitution which gives to
Congress the authority to admit new States.
It has never that I am aware of been main-
tained until now, if it is now maintained by my
friend from Vermont, that under that authority
Congress has any right to form a constitution
for the people of a Territory who may desire
to come in as a State ; and if he be in error, it
consists in confounding two things that, in my
judgment, are clearly distinct. The power
which we have is to admit new States, that is all.
and the extent of that power which is implied
in the authority to admit is to be ascertained
by recurring to the subject to which it is rnade
applicable, to the thing which is to occur if the
power is exerted. The subject to which the
term applies in express language is a State, not
in the general acceptance of the term, not in
the sense in which that term may be under-
stood elsewhere than in the United States, not
in the sense in which it may be understood
geographically, but in the sense in which, when
admitted, it is to become one of the States of
the United States; and one would suppose,
when the authority is to admit a State into the
existing Union of States, that the sole purpose
of the Constitution was to give to Congress the
authority to bring into the Union a State not
within it before, but partaking precisely of all
the characteristics and possessing all the pow-
ers and having all the rights that characterize
and are possessed by the States that were in
the Union when the Constitution was ratified.
The question then is, what is a State admit-
ted after the ratification of the States by the
