1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1795
a proper discrimination, conformed to the con-
venience of the Department in the settlement
of accounts. Now, sir, the presumption will
be, under the resolution as it stands, that per-
sons who make claims from the insurrectionary
States, shall prove to the Department that they
sustained a loyal attitude during the war; but
that presumption will not apply to claims from
the State of Maine or from Wisconsin or from
Oregon or from other parts of the country where
insurrection did not exist. That will be the state
of the case; but the accounting officers, where
objection is made against a claimant, may still
i-equire him, although resident in one of the
northern or western States, to make proof that
he sustained the Government during the war.
The objection I have to the amendment is,
that it casts an unnecessary burden upon all
claimants against whom there is no presump-
tion from general circumstances; that it embar-
rasses the operations of the Government unne-
cessarily ; that it is not required for the pro-
tection of the Treasury or for the vindication
of the national honor. I called for the read-
ing of the resolution in order that it may be
apparent to every Senator in voting on this
subject that an amendment of this kind is
unnecessary to exclude persons who have taken
part in the war against the Government, from
prosecuting their claims against it. The reso-
lution is complete as against them.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted yeas 25, nays 6 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony,Chandler, Conness, Cres-
well, Dixon, Edmunds, Fessenden, Frelinghuysen,
Grimes, Howard, Howe, Morgan, Morrill, Patterson,
Pomcroy, Ross, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Trum-
bull. Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams, and Wil-
son—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Davis, Doolit-
tle, Hendricks, and Johnson—6.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cattell, Cragin, Fogg,
Foster, Fowler. Guthrie, Harris, Henderson, Kirk-
wood, Lane, McDougall, Nesmith, Norton, Nye,
Poland, Ramsey, Riddle, Saulsbury, Stewart, and
Yates—21.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the joint resolution to be read a
third time. It was read the third time, and
passed.
murder of union soldiers in the south.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following
resolution: which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Retohed, That five thousand copies of the report
of the select Committee of the House appointed to
investigate tho Murder of Union Soldiers in the
South, with accompanying evidence, be printed for
the use of the Senate.
order of business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1039, being the Indian appropriation bill. The
time has nearly arrived.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. Let this bill be taken
up, and then I will yield to anything until one
0 clock.
Mr. WADE. I want to get up a bill which
1 have been trying for a long time to get up
for the settlement of a controversy in Mon-
tana.
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague can get that
up at some other time.
Mr. WADE. There is a perfect state of
anarchy there, and this bill certainly ought to
pass. I have been endeavoring to get the floor
for a long time to call it up, but have been
totally unable to do so, and I do not knoV that
I shall be able to do so this session. My
lungs are strong enough, but I do not seem to
have the luck to be heard.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Indian appropria-
tion bill ought to be passed now, so that it
may be engrossed. It is very large and bulky,
and the differences between the two Houses
ought,to be reconciled as soon as possible. I
therefore move to take up that bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senatorfrom
Ohio will not call up that bill before one
o'clock, at any rate.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the bill is taken up I
will allow anything else to come up that can
be passed by unanimous consent. You can-
not pass a controverted bill before one o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We shall never pass
any at all if we do not commence upon them.
Mr. SHERMAN. But one o'clock is the
time set for this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will be time enough
to call up the Indian bill then. I hope the
Senate will not take it up in the morning hour.
norton's marking and canceling stamp.
Mr. DIXON. I rise to a privileged question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the Chair.) The Senator from Con-
necticut will state his question of privilege.
Mr. DIXON. I desire to enter a motion to
reconsider, if it is in order, and if I am not too
late, the vote on the passage of the bill (S. No.
582) to provide for the payment of past and
future use, and purchase of the invention and
patent upon " post-marking of letters, packets,
&c., and for the cancellation of postage stamps
thereon," made by and patented to Marcus P.
Norton, Troy, New York, April 14,1868, and
reissued August 23, 1804. I desire to move
the passage of a resolution directing the Sec-
retary to request the House of Representatives
to return that bill. I will state to the Senate
that I find that since the passage of the bill
Mr. Norton, as attorney for other parties who,
he says, own the patent, has brought a petition
in the Court of Claims for some $400,000 for
the past use of'this same patent; I had very
great doubts at the time whether the bill ought
to pass, but I submitted to the opinion of the
committee. If it comes before the Senate
again, I doubt whether the Senate will agree to
the sum of money named in it. I will inquire
if I am too late ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the bill was passed on the
20th. If his information is correct, the tiaae
for its reconsideration has expired, and the
Senator is too late.
Mr. DIXON. Then I hope notice will be
taken of it in some other place.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on proceding to the consideration of
the bill named by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire whether or
not the bill alluded to by the Senator from
Connecticut as it passed contained a provision
that the sum of money voted should be taken
in the discharge of all claims? Was there not
such a provision?
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly. I thirik it is
unfair that an impression should be made
against this bill in the manner attempted by
the Senator from Connecticut. I do not know
nor cannot know until the Globe appears—
which will now be many days—what the Sen-
ator said, as he spoke in a low voice, but it
appears that he intimates there is something
unfair about this matter. The subject received
a very thorough consideration, and the appro-
priation made was not only for past uses but
for future uses of the patent, and I am not dis-
appointed to know that unless the right to use
the patent is obtained a suit will be brought
and an enormous claim established against the
Government. It was to avoid that that the
bill was passed.
Mr. DIXON. I desire barely to say to the
Senator from California 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
question of that character before the Senate.
Mr. DIXON. I did not charge any unfair-
ness. I suppose it is perfectly fair for these
parties to get all they can out of the Govern-
ment, but I think it is very well for the Senate
to look into the proceedings further.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator made a charge
in a manner as I think that it ought never to
be made. He gave a hint that notice may be
taken of some unfairness elsewhere, meaning
the House of Representatives.
Mr. DIXON. I did not say that I hoped
any notice would be taken of unfairness, but of
the proceeding 
Mr. GRIMES. I think it is due to the Sen-
ator from Connecticut to say that the Senator
from California misunderstood him. He did
not allude to.the House of Representatives, but
alluded to the fact, that as he understood it, this
gentleman had instituted proceedings in the
Court of Claims for $400,000.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator from Iowa
is mistaken or in error. At the conclusion of
the Senator's remarks, as it will be seen from
the report made, he said that since it was out
of order here he hoped what he said would be
taken notice of elsewhere.
inter-oceanic ship-canal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio
to proceed to the consideration of the Indian
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. What is now before the
Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
named by the Senator from Ohio, the Indian
appropriation bill.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to have a vote of the Senate on
the resolution I introduced this morning, which
will excite no objection whatever.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not object, if it
can be passed by unanimous consent.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no doubt it will.
I move that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration 
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope it will be taken
up without any formal motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will proceed with the resolution by unanimous
consent, if there fs no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be read first to see
if there is any objection.
The Secretary read the title of the resolu-
tion as follows: "'A joint resolution (S. It. No.
181) concerning the right of way for the sur-
vey and construction of an inter-oceanic ship-
canal through the Isthmus of Darien."
By unanimous consent the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of State to take such
steps as may be necessary to obtain from the
United States of Colombia the authority for
the United States to make the necessary sur-
veys at the Isthmus of Darien for a ship-canal
to connect the waters of the Atlantic and those
of the Paeilic oceans, and also the right of
way for such canal, should its practicability be
demonstrated or the terms upon which such
right of way may be obtained by the Govern-
ment.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire where that
cornea from ?
Mr. CONNESS. I will answer the Sena-
tor 
Mr. GRIMES. The last clause of it is what
I particularly call attention to, authorizing the
Secretary of State to adopt such measures as
he may choose in order to acquire the right
of way, if I understand it.
Mr. CONNESS. I will briefly state the cass
to the Senator and the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Do not debate it.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not propose to de-
bate it. I think there can be no objection to
it. I desire briefly to state—it will not take
me a moment, and I do not wish to consume
time—that an appropriation was made for this
survey last year of $40,000, and the Secretary
of State was urged by many leading gentlemen
of the country, including the General of the
Army, who takes a great interest in this sub-
ject. to obtain this leave from the United States
of Colombia. It is found from a letter I hold
in my hand from the Secretary of State that
no steps have been taken by that functionary
for the obtainment of this leave to survey nor
the further steps necessary to the obtainment
of the right of way. On the contrary, in his
letter in answer to the resolution passed by the
Senate calling upon him for information as to
