1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
855
original thirteen ? What must it be? It is a
State required only, so far as the Constitution
prescribes anything in relation to its character,
to be republican in point of form. That form
being possessed, then the only other qualifica-
tion, if qualification it can be called, is that it
is in all respects to possess all the powers and
fill the rights that belong to the original States.
If it was otherwise we should have composing
the States of the Union gross inequalities;
some States would possess rights, political
rights and civil rights, that would not be pos-
sessed by other States. Instead of constitut-
ing a harmonious whole there would be any-
thing but harmony, so far as harmony is to be
conferred or is to result from the unity of the
States each with the other.
But there is another reason which I submit
to my friend from Vermont. If he is right, it
would follow that the amendment to the Con-
stitution which received the unanimous sane
tion of the people of the several original
States would be practically of no importance
to the new States: I mean the amendment,
without the anticipated adoption of which we
have every reason to believe the Constitution
never would have been ratified, which says
that all powers not delegated to the United
States,are reserved to the States or the people
of the States. Now, I suppose it will hardly
be denied that every State in the Union, irre-
spective of the time when she becomes a State
of the Union, is equally entitled to the protec-
tion which that amendment was intended to
confer upon the States. I suppose that the
State of Vermont, for example, although I
believe not a State in the Union when that
amendment was adopted, has now all the rights
as a State, and ber citizens have all the rights
as citizens under that clause, that Maryland,
and her citizens have under the same clause.
I am sure the honorable member from Ver-
mont will not be heard to contest that.
If, then, the reservation clause applies to the
new States as well as to the original thirteen,
the question is, what were the rights delegated
to the Government of the United States ; or,
to make myself more easily understood, what
were the powers conferred upon the Congress
of the United States of a legislative character
by the Constitution ? The moment we ascer-
tain the extent of those powers, as no other
department of the Government is clothed with
any legislative power, we ascertain the extent
of the reservation clause to be found in the
amendment; and we therefore necessarily
reach the conclusion that if Congress has not
the particular power which may be disputed in
any instance, it is because it is not delegated ;
and we come necessarily to the conclusion
that because it is not delegated it belongs to
(he States as contradistinguished from the
Congress.
Then, Mr. President, in the logical arrange-
ment of the argument, which nobody better
comprehends than my friend from Vermont—
his_ mind and his profession have made him
strictly logical—the next question that arises
is, is the right which this amendment deals
with a right delegated to Congress? for, as I
have said, if it is not, it is a right possessed
by the States; and if Nebraska, when she
comes into the Union, will be entitled to the
whole extent of the authority reserved under
the amendment, then Nebraska will be made
to surrender, if she can do it, or rather we
attempt to force upon her a surrender of a
right which the reserved clause secures to her.
Then, Mr. President, has Congress any au-
thority over the subject to which the amend-
mend applies? I have not as yet heard any
argument, I was about to say any plausible
ground, upon which such a proposition lias been
maintained. I do not know that it has been
maintained at all, except I believe by my friend
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] and that
only because the regulation of the suffrage is
material in order to the proper discharge of
the obligation to guaranty a republican form
of government, and secondly, because that
regulation is involved impliedly, if notexpress-
edly, in one of the resolutions accompanying
the amendment to the Constitution abolishing
slavery. I do not propose to discuss the ques-
tion now. I assume that over the right of
suffrage in the States Congress has no power.
I say I decline to discuss it, and will content
myself with stating very briefly the simple
grounds upon which, as I think, that proposi-
tion rests.
In the first place, there is nothing in the
Constitution which in terms gives to Congress
any such power. In the second place, the
clause which confers upon Congress all its
fowers confers only such as are there delegated,
n the third place, the only provision in the
Constitution which relates to elections at all
relates exclusively to the election of members
of Congress and of Senators of the several
States, and in relation to the first the provision
is that they are to be elected by the people of
the several States who are by the laws of the
several States or the constitutions of the sev-
eral States to be the constituents of the mem-
bers of their House of Delegates, or their pop-
ular assembly, whatever that may be called.
So there is not only the absence of any ex-
press authority to interfere with the right of
suffrage in the States, but there is a clear im-
plication of the absence of any such purpose
by incorporating into the Constitution a pro-
vision that the electors of the members of Con-
gress are to have the qualifications required for
the electors of the popular branch of each State
Legislature; and nobody has ever pretended
that Congress can prescribe the qualifications
of the voters inState elections for State officers.
But my friend from Vermont says—and he
will pardon me for saying that as I view it his
proposition is entirely novel, not sanctioned
by the precedents to which he ha? adverted
when they come to be distinctly understood—
that as we have the authority to admit, and
are not compelled to admit, we may, with the
assent of the ptate which is to be admitted, pre-
scribe just such conditions as we think proper.
Where does that lead us ? If I am right in
saying that over the question of suffrage Con-
gress has no power, it is because over that
question the States have the exclusive power;
it is because the Constitution of the United
States never intended to interfere with that
power at all as it was originally framed; and
because the people of the United States re-
cently, after the adoption of the Constitution
by a sufficient number of States and the or-
ganization of the Government, passed the
amendment to which I have referred, ex-
pressly leaving with the States, as a right,
everything which was not delegated by the
Constitution of the United States to the Gene-
ral Government.
But it is said you may impose a condition.
Leit us see where that will lead us logically, or,
to use the language of the books, what is the
logical sequence of that proposition? Any
condition may be made a fundamental condi-
tion of the admission of the State, irrespective
of the inquiry whether the subject to which the
condition refers is one over which the States
were intended to have exclusive authority, and
consequently irrespective of the question as to
what the nature of that condition may be in its
operation upon the power'of the State. This
amendment deals with suffrage ; but the States
have the same authority over the question of
suffrage that thev have over every subject sub-
mitted to their jurisdiction by the Constitution,
or reserved for their jurisdiction by the Consti-
tution, not parted with by themselves, over the
laws of contract of every description, the laws
of marriage, the laws of divorce, the manner
in which conveyances of real estate are to be
executed and acknowledged, the civil and the
criminal code. Every particular to which the
power of the States was supposed to extend
may be, if the honorable member is right,
taken away as regards new States by attach-
ing to the act for their admission into the
Union a fundamental condition that such rights
are not thereafter to be exercised.
But it is not only true in relation to all the
rights which belong to the States, because not
transferred to the United States; it is squally
true of the particular right conferred upon a
State by the Constitution itself. Every State is
to have two Senators upon this floor. That right
is no more secured to a State than is the right
to legislate exclusively upon the subjects to
which I have alluded. They stand precisely
npon the same ground—the authority of the
Constitution; in the one case because of the
reservation of the power to the States; in the
other case because of the express delegation of
the particular power to the people of the State
of being represented upon this floor. Now, will
my honorable friend assert that we could in the
act for the admission of Nebraska say that it
is to be considered as a fundamental condition
of the aet admitting her that at no time shall
Nebraska have more than one Senator or have
any Senator?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will not say that we
could make such a provision as that, because
the Constitution of the United States expressly
declares that no State without her consent shall
be deprived of her equal representation in the
Senate. That is a subject, therefore, in respect
to which we are bound by the Constitution.
It does not say when it gives that equality that
we may not declare that there shall be no
slavery in the new State, and that we may not
declare that there shall be equal suffrage in the
State.
Mr. JOHNSON. That, if my friend will
pardon me for saying it, is altogether an unsat-
isfactory answer. %
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no doubt it is to
my friend from Maryland.
Mr. JOHNSON. I mean unsatisfactory
logically, not to me individually. It is nothing
to me more than it is to the honorable member.
If I am right in saying that there is nothing
in the Constitution of the United .States which
interferes with the power of the State to regu-
late its suffrage, and if I am right iu saying that
the reserved clause to be found in the amend-
ment places the States over that subject inj:he
condition in which they were before the Con-
stitution was adopted, then it follows that they
have precisely the same right over the question
of suffrage that they have over the question as
to their right to be represented in the Senate
by two Senators. But the Senator says that he
would not for a moment contend that a State
could be deprived of her right to be repre-
sented upon this floor by two Senators, be-
cause the Constitution provides against that
by saying that such a power shall not be ex-
erted without the consent of the State. What
has been his argument: what has been the
argument before in support of the proposition
which is now before us? That the State, if
she comes in after we have adopted his amend-
ment, is considered as assenting. If she can
consent to divest herself of every other right
which she possesses under the Constitution
except the right to be represented by two Sen-
ators, why cannot she assent to divest herself
of that right?
Mr. EDMUNDS. _ If the Senator will allow
me, the reason is this: my proposition was, not
that the State, as a State, after being created,
assents to these fundamental conditions which
we impose, but that the people, who ask us to
give them this charter of liberty to work upon,
in the very aet of adopting that charter and
proceeding to work upon it, assent to the foun-
dations which wc have laid down. But the idea
of my friend from Maryland presupposes that
there must bo a State to assent to this dismem-
berment of her senatorial representation when
she must have assented to that proposition in
the aet of becoming a State; and my friend
will see there is in point of law a distinction
between the two propositions.
Mr. JOHNSON. There may be; but I am
unable to see it. I had thought that the hon-
orable member considered that the State of
Nebraska would be bound, if she came in,
because of an implied assent on herpart. That
was the ground taken by some of the frieuds of
the proposition; and that is the ground, let me
