1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i m
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The atten-
tiou of the Senator is called to the phrase
uthe Winnebago trust lands" in line tifteen
hundred and -sixty, whether it should not be
" trust funds."*
Mr. SHERMAN. We followed the language
furnished us, u to supply a deficiency, &c., on
account of trust lands." The language of the
appropriation is furnished by the Department,
and I presume it is correct.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 6S, after
line fifteen hundred and sixty-six, to strike out
the following clause:
For expense of collecting and locating: the Col-
orado river Indians in Arizona, on a reservation set
apart for them by section first, act of March 3,1865,
including the expense of constructing a canal for
irrigating said reservation, $50,000.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope my friend will
let that pass over for the time being. The
Committee on Indian Affairs think it would be
improper, perhaps, to strike it out. We have
some evidence on the subject which we intend
to submit to the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; the vote need
not be taken on that amendment now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be passed over, unless objection be
made.
The Secretary concluded the reading of the
bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to offer an amend-
ment, to insert on page 3, after line fifty-two :
Assiniboines:
For first installment of annuity, to be expended at
the discretion of the President in such articles, Roods,
and provisions as he may from time to time deter-
mine, $10,000 of which may bo expended in the pur-
chase of stock animals, agricultural implements,
in mstructingin agricultureandmechanicul pursuits,
in employing mechanics, in educatingtheirchildren,
providingnccessary and proper medicincs, and medi-
cal attendance, care for and support of their aged,
infirm, and sick, for their helpless orphans, and in
any other rospect to promote their civilization, com-
fort, and improvement, and also for pay of head chief,
per seventh article of treaty July 18, 1866—not yet
ratified—and recommendation of Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1867, $30,000.
There are several amendments that I pro-
pose to offer upon this subject, and as an
explanation of the whole matter perhaps I had
better send to the Clerk a communication from
► the Department of tbe Interior, which may be
read.
The Secretary read the following letter :
Department op the Interior,
Office of Indian Affairs, January U0,1867.
Sir: I have the honor to report upon the subject
of the treaties made last year with Indian tribes in-
hibiting tho country in northern Dakota and Mon-
tana, along the Missouri and Yellowstone rivers,
which treaties, after having been transmitted to your
Department from this office with a recommendation
that they be sent to the President to be laid before
the Senate, were informally returned at a recent
date tor iurther examination and report. These
treaties are made respectively with the Crows at Fort
Union, July 16,1866, with the Assiniboines at the
same nlaco July 18, 1866, and with the Arickarees,
Gro> \ entrcs, and Mandans (confederated) July 27,
1866.
I respectfully sttbmit the following suggestions in
regard to these treaties, in the order of their dates,
relcrring to tho maps herewith for a more clear un-
derstanding of the location of and cession made by
the several tribes.
1. Crovos. The country in which a right of occu-
fiancy has been heretofore concedod to the Crows
ies south of the Missouri river, west of a line drawn
from the head waters of the Powder river down that
Btrcam to its mouth, and thenoe north to the mouth
of Milk river, oast of a line drawn from the mouth
of the Muscle Shell river southwesterly to tho great
bend of Yellowstone, andhaving an indefinite ex-
tension to the south. Besides this the Crows have a
common right with the Blackfeet to an extensive
country lying further west.
It is apparent that the great northern routes of
travel to and from Montana, both bylandandVater,
are through the country of the Crow Indians, and
hence the necessity of a continuance of pe&oeable
relations with them. By the treaty herewith those
Indians yield the rights to roads and telegraph lin<*s
through their country, agreeing that they shall be
unmolested. They promise to keep the peace to-
ward the whites and toward other tribes, and they
further cede to the Government the rights to reser-
vations of ten miles square for depots or stations, at
points to be selected at its discretion.
The Government agrees to give the Indians in re-
turn $25,000 per annum for twenty years after ratifi-
cation of the treaty, of which$8,000uiay be expended
for stock animals, implements, education, &c., besides
certain salaries to chiefs.
2. Assiniboines. The country occupied by these In-
dians comprises, on the south side of the Missouri,
the triangle formed by the Missouri and Yellowstone,
and a lio« drawn Irom the mouth ofPowder river to
the mouth of Milk river, and on thenorth side of the
Missouri it extends to and into the British Posses-
sions, coming in contact to the eastward With the
Sioux country without defined boundaries.
By the treaty with these Indians they make the
usual agreements as to peaceable conduct, yield the
right to roads through their country with ten-mile
reservations, as in the Crow treaty, and cede abso-
lutely the triangular tract south of the Missouri
river, besides a small tract on the north side of that
river, including Fort Union.
Tho Government agrees to give them $30,000 for
twenty years, of which $10,000 may bo used ior stock,
implements, education, <fcc., and provisions are to be
made ior their chiefs.
3. Ariekai ees, Gros VentreoandMandans, (confeder-
ated.) These friendly and well-behaved Indiaus live
in the neighborhood of Fort Berthold, near the great
bend of the Missouri. They* do not claim any such
title to their land as authorised them to sell any of it
to the Government, conceding that they are occu-
pants by ancient consent of both Sioux and Assini-
boines, but, as in the Laramio treaty, the Sioux
claimed nothing north of Heart rrver, on the west
side oi the Missouri, and the Assiniboines nothing
south of that river and the Yellowstone. The usu-
fruct right of the Arickarees and their confederates
might be conceded to the open tract south and west
of the Missouri and north of Heart river. Tney, how-
ever, lor the most part, live east of the Missouri,
drawn into small compass through the hostility of
the Sioux, though on Iriendly terms with the Assini-
boines. They are not only friendly to the whites,
but mu6h disposed to agriculture, and raise large
quantities of corn, and will profit by aay assistance
given to them.
They agree to tho passage of roads through their
country, and make tho pled&O of good behavior com-
mon to tho three treaties in question, and the Gov-
ernment agrees to givo them $15,000 per year for
twenty years.
It is a provision common to tKe three treaties above
mentioned that the stipulations become obligatory
upon the Indians from the date of signing tho trea-
ties, but not upon the Government until tueir ratifi-
cation ; and it is also provided that auy amendments
made by the Senate, not materially changing the
treaties, may take effect without the necessity of sub-
mitting them for the assent of the Indians.
There is no question that the Indians understand
these treaties to bo complete, and will expect the
payments promised by them, and I have no hesita-
tion in recommending that the necessary appropria-
tions be promptly made; bat I am not certain that it
will be best to ratify the treatiesat present. Perhaps
this formal action may bo postponed until the exist-
ing disturbances to the south and west of these Indians
shall cease.
Meantime; if my views of the propriety of making
the appropriations in advance of the ratification of
the treaties shall meet with your approval, I beg'
leave iurther to suggest that they should, in the case
of each tribe, be increased considerably beyond the
amount proposed in the several treaties.
In the case of the Crows, for whom the treaty pro-
poses $25,000 per annum, andwhooomprisetwo bands
—the "Mountain Crows," numbering twenty-four
hundred, and the 44 River Crows/' nineteen hundred*
forty-three hundred in all—I think the annual ap-
propriations should be at least $60,000, so as to give
the Indians a supply sufficient to make it worth their
while to travel the long journey to the place of pay-
ment. Even this would be but a small item per
capita.
In the case of the Assiniboines, numbering twenty-
six hundred and forty, I recommend the increase of
amount to be paid lrom $30,000 to $40,000, and for
the same reason.
As to the Arickarees, Ac., on account of their will-
ingness to enter upon the ways of civilited life, I rec-
ommend that the proposed payments be doubled, and
made $10,000 instead of $20,000.
Further, I suggest that all of these treaties be so
amended as not to limit the payments to twenty years,
but leave them in a position to be continued after
that time, in the discretion of the President. Proba-
bly beiore'that time expires other treaty arrange-
ments, superseding these, will be necessary, but it is
deemed advisable that an abrupt limit should not be
fixed for these payments.
I do not deem it necessary to dwell upon the reasons
which impel ineto these recommends tionsof increased
payments. The Government appears to me to have
pursued a "penny wise, pound looiish" policy hith-
erto in its treaties with Indians ot the class herein
referred to, by making its proposed payments too
small, and when to this are added the delays in deliv-
ery, to say nothing of frauds practiced upon the In-
dians, tho annuities have been insufficient for their
purpose of keeping tho Indians satisfied and quiet,
and the consequence has been that either by losses
from depredations of discontented tribes, or by mili-
tary expeditions to chastise them, the Government
has lost annually many times the amount which, judi-
ciously, promptly, and iaithfully used, would nave
kept the tribes in a friendly mood. I shall, while I
Sold the position of Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
continue to urge the policy of liberality and justice
to the Indian tribes, as true economy on tho part of
the Government. , «
The report of the treaty commissioners and tno
several treaties are returned herewith.
I also roturu the treaties made in June, I8op, at
Fort Laramie, by commissioners on the part of the
Government, with the Brule and Ogtilall* Sioux, and
with the Cheyenne*, With the report of tho cotfrttis- ■
Sioners thereupon, these papers having been trans-
mitted to your Department by my predecessor October
30ultimo, but referred to me informally for further
examination and report. Later advice from that
region, and information received in conversation
with late Agent Jarrot, who was present at the time
of these treaties, enables me to express confidently
the opinion that they should not be ratified in their
present form. Mr. Jarrotstates that the chieft of the
bands of Ogallallas, who with the Oncpapas. are the
only Sioux occupying the Powder river country, left
with their people before the treaty was signed, and
were not parties to it. He also states that the Indians
who didsign it do not understand the treaty as allow-
ing more than one road through their country, while
the real reading and the understanding of tho whites
provides for as many as are desired, and trouble has
grown out of this misunderstanding already.
Further, it is stated on good authority, that while
two bands of the Brule's, the44 Corn band," of which
Swift Bear is chief, and the M Iron Shells band," of
which Dog llawk is chief, are, especially the former,
disposed to settle down to agriculture, tho amount
provided for such cases, $100 per lodge, is entirely
inadequate. Th ere are also two bands of the Ogallal-
las, those of "Big Mouth" and 44Blue Horse," who
are anxious to commence farming, and number about
one hundred and fifty lodges. Several of the other
bands are at war now with the whites.
The proper course would seem to be to make new
treaties with the separate bands of these Indians,
providing for each according to their number and
disposition. But meantime a portion of the Sioux
arc quiet and friendly, abstaining from hostilities or
depredations so far as this officc is advised, and rely-
ing upon the good faith of the Government to carry
the treaty into operation. I therefore recommend
that application be made to Congress for an appro-
priationof$70,000,bcingtheannual amount provided
for in the treaty, to be placed at the disposal of the
Department for use in behalf of such of these Indians
as it may bd found judicious to provide for. This
course appears to be necessary unless we would drivo
them to hostility.
In regard to the treaty with the Cheyenncs, signed
by a part of their chieis in July, 1866, and by others
in October, I cannot for reasons similar to those
urged in regard to that made with the Sioux, recom-
mend its ratification, and more particularly because
it does not seem to be expressive of the wishes or in-
tentions of the Indians. But in order that the Gov-
ernment may be able to deal liberally and kindly
with such of these Indians as prove to be friendly, 1
recomincnd an appropriation of $15,000, being the
amount provided for in the treaty, to be used at the
discretion of the Department, pending more perma-
nent arrangements.
Estimates in proper form will be transmitted for
th© appropriations herein recommended.
Very respectfully, your obedient serraat,
LEWIS V. BOGY, Commissioner.
Hon. 0. H. Browning, Secretary of (he Interior.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I understand the read-
ing of the communication, that provides for
temporary relief to the Arapahoes and Chey-
enne Indians.
Mr. HENDERSON. This is for the As-
siniboines.
Mr. SHERMAN. Welt, for certain tribes
of Indians,*in place of payments to be made
to them under treaty stipulations which have
not yet been ratified, I have no objection to it,
if it is found to be necessary. I will here say
that, in my judgment, no one of the Indian
treaties that are now pending ought to be rati-
fied ; and if we had proper appropriations
estimated for by the propel Department, and
submitted to us year by year, without refer-
ence to Indian treaties, we could no doubt do
much better with the money approbated than
we can under a treaty. The firs! fifty-two
pages of this bill contain appropriations made
m pursuance of Indian treaties. Some of the
treaties are thirty and forty years old. Some
of them were made as eariy as 1&J2. AH the
Indians who made them ate dead, most of the
tribes are dead, and yet we continue to pay
the same annuities in the same form and under
the same stipulations, while the beneficiaries
under the treaty are dead, and their descend-
ants exterminated in many cases.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Who gets the money?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is pretty hard to
tell. In some cases the tribes are reduced* to
one tenth their original number, and yet the
same amount is paid to their remnants as was
paid thirty or forty years ago. The whole
system is vicious. I trust the honorable Sena-
tor from Missouri, who is giving his attention
to this matter, will devise some way to extir-
pate this whole system of fifty or sixty or one
hundred petty sovereignties within sovereign-
ties, and let the whole of these persons bo
turned over to the local authorities. It is sa-'l
that if yob turn them over to the white people
