1122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
N. Hubhcll, Humphrey, Hunter, Kerr, Kuykenda.il,
Le Blond, Leftwich, Marshall, MeCullough, Niblaek,
Nicholson, Noell, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Ray-
mond, Bitter, Rogers, Ross, Rousseau, Shanklin, Sit-
greaves, Stilwell, Strouse, Tabei\ Nathaniel <3. Tay-
lor, Nelson Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, Andrew H.
Ward, and Wmfield—43.
NOT VOTINtr—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Ancona, Ar-
nell, Delos R. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Benjamin,
Bergen, Bingham, Boyer, Bundy, Conkling, Cooper,
Culver, Bofrees, Hale, Hogan, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Jones, La-
tham, Lynch, Phelps, John L. Thomas, Iilihu B.
vVaiilibume, and Wright—28.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. HOOPEll, of Massachusetts. My col-
leagues, Mr. Ames and Mr. Alley, have been
called away, from the city on business. If they
liad been present they would have voted for
the bill.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER. My colleague, Mr.
Ancona, is absent on account of indisposition.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I desire to state that
Mr. Hubbard, of New York, has been called
home on account of the death of his father.
Mr. GR1NNELL. I desire to state thatmy
colleague, Mr. Hubbard, is still detained from
his peat by illness. If he were present he
would vote for the bill.
When the call of the roll had been concluded,
The SPEAKER said: The Clerk will call
m^name as a member of the House.
The clerk called the name of Schuyler
Colfax, and Mr. Colfax voted "ay."
The SPEAKER. On the question: "Shall
this bill pass notwithstanding the objections of
the President?" the yeas are 120 and the nays
4-t. Two-thirds of the House having upon this
reconsideration agreed to the-passage of the
bill, and it being^ certified olheially that a
similar majority ot the Senate, in which the
l)ill originated, have also agreed to its passage,
I do therefore, by the authority of the Consti-
tution of the United States, declare that this
bill, entitled "An act for the admission of the
State of Nebraska into the Union," has be-
come a law.
[The announcement Qf the result of the vote
was received with applause both on the floor
and in the galleries.]
unrolled bill signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and fuund truly enrolled a bill of the following
title, when the Speaker signed the same,
namelyAn act (11. R. No. 1144) making
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the contingent expenses of
the House of Representatives of the United
States for the fiscal year ending Juno 30, 1807.
leave of absence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks indefi-
nite leave of' absence for his colleague, FMr
Washburn.] '
No objection was made and leave was
granted.
GOVERNMENT 01' INSURRECTIONARY STATES.
The House then resumed the consideration
of House bill No. 1143, to provide for the
more effectual government, of the insurrec-
tionary States; upon which Mr. Niblack was
entitled to the floor.
Mr, NIBLACK. I will yield for five min-
utes to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Raymond,]
Mr. RAYMOND. I have asked the gentle-
man from Indiana to yield to me for a few
minutes, not for the purpose of making any
further remarks on the subject now before the
House, but for the purpose of making a sug-
gestion to the House, and especially to the
gentleman most directly concerned in the pas-
sage of the bill now before it.
I think it is very clear to' every one here
that there is not that unanimity of sentiment
m support of this bill which is desbable with
a view to its ultimate effectiveness as a law if
it should become a law. I think it very doubt-
ful whether any of the propositions now before
the House are in such form as to command
BUch unanimity. I think, moreover, that all
will agree that the time has arrived when we
should devote ourselves carefully and consci-
entiously to the presentation of some measure
which will meet the unanimous, or nearly
unanimous, support of those who have the
responsibility of public action here, and which,
if possible, shall also command the support of
the other departments of the Government.
Now, sir, I have a suggestion to make and
I will put it in the form of a proposition. It
is this: that for the purpose of reaching this
result this whole subject, the bill with tjie
amendments now before the House, be referred
to a select committee of five or seven members,
of which committee I should think it extremely
desirable, and should, indeed, insist, that the
venerable and distinguished gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] should be chair-
man ; that this committee should have leave
to sit during the sessions of the House; and
that it should be instructed to report as early
as Wednesday morning next, immediately after
the reading of the Journal, a bill which should
provide temporarily for the protection of rights
and the preservation of the peace in the States
lately in rebellion, and also for the speedy
admission of those States to their relations in
the Union upon the basis of the constitutional
amendment adopted at the last session of Con-
gress, with such additional provisions as that
committee might deem expedient.
I believe, sir, that with a discreet and judi-
cious committee, whose paramount object and
motive should be to unite upon some practical
measure for the attainment of these ends, we
could reach a result which would command
the support of Congress and of the country,
and the approval or at least the assent of the
Executive. I do not pretend to have any other
grounds for such a belief than those which are
accessible to every member of the House
equally with myself; but I have such grounds
for that belief as render it, in my judgment,
incumbent upon me at least to submit to the
House the proposition I have indicated. I
have put it in the form of a resolution which,
at the proper time, I shall ask consent to offer.
Mr. THAYEPb. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question? '
Mr. RAYMOND. Certainly.
Mr. THAYER. I wish to ask the gentle-
man whether he has any reason to believe that
the President of the United States will approve
of and cooperate with any plan embracing the
constitutional amendment?
Mr. RAYMOND. Well, Mr. Speaker, the
gentleman is pressing me perhaps a little fur-
ther than I care to be pressed on such a point
as that. [Laughter.]
Air. THAYER. I do not wish to press the
gentleman if he cannot answer.
Mr. RAYMOND. I do not know whether
the gentleman insists upon my setting before
liini and the House all the reasons which lead
me to such a belief as I have expressed; but
I have no hesitation in saying to him and to
the House that, in my judgment, a bill em-
bracing the provisions I have indicated, if it
should be passed by this House and the Sen-
ate in a proper spirit and with a sufficient ap-
proach to unanimity, would obtain the assent
of the President. That is my personal belief.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Newli ork whether he has become
thoroughly satisfied that the pending bill can-
not pass.
Mr. RAYMOND. I have become satisfied,
i ii>W Sr' that the pending bill, even if it
should pass, will not pass with such a degree
of unanimity as will make it acceptable to the
country and effective as a law.
Mr SPALDING. I mean by a constitu-
tional vote of two thirds.
Mr. RAYMOND. I have my doubts whether
it could; but even if it did that would not alter
the case.
Mr. SPALDING. I would suggest that it
might be well to hear some other gentlemen
on that subject.
Mr. RAYMOND. I merely throw out my
suggestion with the notification that if allowed
theopportunity I shall offer the motion I have
indicated.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Will the gentleman from
New York yield to me a moment?
Mr. RAYMOND. I would do so with pleas-
ure, but I have been trespassing upon the court-
esy of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Nib-
lack,] who yielded me a few moments to state
the proposition I desire to submit.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the Chair will regard the gentleman from New
York as holding the floor in his own right, and
the gentleman from Indiana will be entitled to
his hour without deduction.
There was no objection.
Mr. RAYMOND. I yield, then, with pleas-
ure to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Boutwell.]
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, only a
few days since a bill of a different sort from,
that now pending was before this House, and
a majority of the House—I believe the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Raymond] was
of that majority—desired to refer the whole
subject to the Committee on Reconstruction.
The various propositions were so referred.
They have been considered by that committee,
and I believe I am guilty of no breach of con-
fidence when I say that never has any report
been made from that committee which was so
unanimously supported by its different mem-
bers as the one now under consideration by
the House ; nor has any bill submitted by that
committee ever been so carefully considered
as this.
We have now spent two days and more in
the discussion of the present measure. We
have but eight or ten days in which, as a legis-
lative body, we can act. I hold that it would
be the greatest of public calamities if this Con-
gress should adjourn without an expression,
both on the part of the House and of the Sen-
ate, of the opinions entertained by the repre-
sentatives of the country in reference to this
measure. It is now to be seen plainly that if
this measure be recommitted there can be no
new consideration of this great subject by a
new committee, no conclusion reached, no re-
port made, much less any action had even by
this branch of the Government within the
period to whieh we are limited by the Constitu-
tion of the country for the consideration of this
subject.
To-day there are eight millions and more of
people, occupying-six hundred and thirty thou-
sand square miles of the territory of this country,
who &re writhing under cruelties nameless in
their character—injustice such as has not been
permitted to exist in any other country in mod-
ern times; and all this because in this capital
there sits enthroned a man who, so far as the
executive department is concerned, guides the
destinies of the Republic in the interest of rebels;
and because, also, in those ten former States
rebellion itself, inspired by the executive depart-
ment of this Government, wields all authority,
and is the embodiment of law and power every-
where. Until in the South this obstacle to
reconstruction is removed there can be no
effectual step taken toward the reorganization
of the Government; and argue as gentlemen
may, no way can be devised for the removal of
this obstacle in the South except to confide the
work to Grant and Sherman and Sheridan—
the men who overthrew the rebellion when it
was flagrant in the field and not organized
in the Government. They will crush out these
despotisms whieh have been set over the peo"
pie and prepare a way for the inauguration of
civil government. You might as well expect
to bmld a fire in the depths of the ocean as •
expect to reconstruct loyal civil governments
in ihe South until you have broken down the
rebel despotism which everywhere holds sway
m that vast region of country.
Therefore, sir, after all this debate, consid-
ering the magnitude of this question, the peril
m which the country is involved, I for my part
feel it my duty to insist that we shall hold this
business in our hands as the Representatives
ot the people and take the judgment of this
