1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
359
eminent of a Territory, until they have delib-
erately passed upon the question of suffrage or
no suffrage for colored men; but we do not
breathe the breath of life into their body one
moment and then require them to submit to this
fundamental law upon peril of dying the next
moment. Wo leave them the protection of a
territorial government; we leave them as they
are till they have passed upon it and made up
their minds. There is no work of dissolution
about it; there is simply a withholding of the
work of creation; that is all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) The question is on the amendment of
the Senator from Vermont to the amendment
of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. The question,'I understand,
is on the substitution of the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont for'the amendment of
the Senator from Missouri. ["Yes."]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conness, Cra-
gin, Creswell, Edmunds, Fogg, Lane, Morrill, Ram-
sey, Ross, Stewart, Van Winkle, Wade, and Willey
—15.
NAYS — Messrs. Buckalew, Dixon, Fessenden,
Foster, Grimes, Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Johnson,
Morgan, Nesmith. Norton, Patterson, Poland, Rid-
dle, Sumner and Williams—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cattell, Cowan, Davis,
Doolittle, Fowler, EYelinghuysen, Guthrie, Harris,
Henderson, Kirkwood, MeDougall, Nye, Pomeroy,
Saulsbury Sherman, Sprague, Trumbull, Wilson, and
Yates—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment offered by
the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Brown.]
Mr. WADE. I hope all the friends of the
bill will vote against this amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope all the friends of
the bill will vote for it, and all the friends of
human freedom.
Mr. J OHNSON. I ask that the amendment
be reported.
The Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
j lows:
At the end of the second section of the bill insert
the followine proviso:
Provided, That this act shall not take effect except
upon the fundamental condition that within the State
of Nebraska there shall be no denial of the elective
franchise, or of any other rights, to any person by
reason of race or color; and upon the further condi-
tion that this fundamental condition shall be sub-
mitted to the voters of the Territory of Nebraska at
an election to be held on the first Tuesday of
next. And at such election said voters shall declare
their absent to or dissent from the condition afore-
said in such form as shall be prescribed by the Gov-
ernor of said Territory. And all votes given at such
election shall bo returned to such Governor within
 days from the day of the election, who shall
forthwith canvass the same. And if a majority of
such votes shall bo for this condition, the Governor
shall certify that fact to the President of the United
States, who shall by proclamation announce the fact;
whereupon, without further proceedings on the part
of Congress, this act shall take effect.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are
blanks in the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I think those can be filled
up afterward, at the next stage. The vote on
the amendment in its present form will try the
principle.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I have received this morn-
ing at my desk a telegraphic dispatch from the
Senator from Missouri now absent, which I
will read:
"Detained in Kentucky by illness of my father.
Will leave to-morrow.
" 13. GRATZ BROWN."
And this is dated January 9.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 21; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Cowan, Edmunds, Fessenden,
Grimes, Ilowe, Morgan, Poland, and Sumner—S.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony. Buckalew, Chandler,
Conness. Cragm, Creswell. Dixon, Doohttlo, Hen-
dricks, llowaid. Johnson, Kirkwood,Lane, Nesmith,
Norton, Piiltms>on, Ramsey, Riddle, Ross, Stewart,
Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, and Williams—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cattell, . Davis, Fogg,
Foster, Frelinghuysen, Guthrie, Harris, Henderson,
MeDougall, Morrill, Nye, Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Sher-
man,Sprague, Trumbull, Wilson, and Yates—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now move to amend
the bill by proposing an additional section in
the words of the amendment which I offered
as a substitute for the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Missouri before:
And be it further enacted, That this act shall take
effect with the fundamental and perpetual condition
that within said State of Nebraska there shall be no
abridgment or denial of the exercise of the elective
franchise or of any other right to any person by rea-
son of race or color, excepting Indians not taxed.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is that precisely in the
language of the previous amendment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The same.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I wish to make the
suggestion to my friend from Vermont that I
made yesterday, but perhaps he did not hear
me or did not understand me. I do it with no
view of defeating the amendment; but if it
passes in the terms in which it is written it
places the Indians in the absolute disposal of
the people of the Territory. The language of
the amendment is, that the State shall be ad-
mitted upon the fundamental and perpetual
condition "that within said State of Nebraska
there shall be no abridgment or denial of the
exercise of the elective franchise or of any
other sight to any person by reason of race or
color, excepting Indians not taxed." Do you
mean to leave it to the State to dispose of any
of the rights of the Indians other than the mere
right of suffrage?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not mean to leave
the Indians to the States at all; they never arc
left to the States.
Mr. JOHNSON. They would be by this.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; they would not.
They are foreign nations ; the States have no
jurisdiction over them at all.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is a question of law
on which I differ from the honorable member.
If that is his view and the view of the Senate,
it would be a different thing; but supposing
that Indians may now, those who are not taxed,
be made subject to the legislation of the State,
then according to this provision the State could
do with the Indians just as it might think proper.
They are not only denied the right of franchise,
but they are denied any other right; or at least
the State is authorized to deny them any other
right which the State may think proper. If
the honorable member thinks there is no neces-
sity for modification on this point, I shall not
press the maRer.
Mr. WADE. I hope all those who wantthe
bill to pass now will vote for this amendment:
it is pure and simple and I hope they will vote
Mr. HOWARD. I call for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. If Iunderstand the amend-
ment presented by the Senator from Vermont,
it is exactly the same question as that upon
which we have just passed, on the substitution
of this precise language now before us for the
amendment offered by the Senator from Mis-
souri. I hope it will not pass.
Mr. WADE. Let us have the vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Antliuny, Chandler, Conness, Cra-
gin Creswell,Edmunds,Fessenden, Fose,Henderson.
Lane, Morrill, Poland, Ramsey, Ross, Stewart, Sum-
ner, Van Winkle, and Wade—18.
N VYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Dixon, Doolit-
tle, Foster, Grimes,Hendricks, Howard, Howe, John-
son, Morgan, Nesmith, Norton, Patterson, Riddle,
Saulsburv, Willey, and Williams—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cattell, Davis, Fowler,
Frclinpchuysen, Guthrie, Harris, Kirkwood, MeDou-
gall, Nye, Pomeroy, Sheiman, Sprague, Trumbull,
Wilson, and Yates—16.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I dis-
cussed this bill upon its merits before the hol-
iday adjournment, and treated all the points
which I think material with the exception of a
single one upon which we have since obtained
information. I am now satisfied that not only
is this proposed State deficient in population ;
not only is this measure open to objection be-
cause it deals unequally with the Territories,
admitting one with 50,000 population when we
do not propose to admit another with 100,000,
and still another with 120,000*; but in addition,
this constitution was rejected upon a fair vote
of the qualified electors of the Territory of
Nebraska. The evidence for that opinion is
furnished in a statement made by a large part
of the members of the Legislature of that Ter-
ritory. They vouch for the facts, from which
the conclusion is inevitable that this constitu-
tion was in point of fact rejected.
Now, sir, within the limited period to which
by common consent debate is limited on this
bill, it will not be convenient, it will not even
be possible for me to go over the whole field
of inquiry upon this important and vital ques-
tion. But it wpuld be a very singular thing,
indeed, if a subject of this importance should
undergo debate in the Senate for a very con-
siderable period of time and should be finally
committed to the judgment of the country
without one word upon this point which I have
now mentioned.
It is stated by the gentlemen of the Ne-
braska Legislature that at the Rock Bluffs pre-
cinct, in Cass county, there was a majority
given against this constitution of 78 votes; that
in Poll Creek precinct, in Merrick county, there
was given against it a majority of 11 votes; and
the returns for both these precincts were set
aside by the county canvassers, so far as I can
perceive, without any warrant of law whatever.
By the territorial act under which those boards
proceeded the returns were to be made to them
of the elections in the several precincts, and
the simple duty charged upon them by the
statute was that they should count up those
returns, declare results, issue certificates to
candidates elected, and make returns to the
territorial officers named in the law ; but without
any authority whatever those officers charged
with these duties set aside the two election re-
turns which I have mentioned; and they set
them aside upon no allegation of fraud nor
for any other objection which was fundamental
or material to the validity of those elections.
They set aside the main one of Rock Bluffs,
as I understand the case, on two grounds alone.
The first was that the election officers had ad-
journed one hour during the election for the
purpose ofgetting their dinners, and afterward,
later in the day, again one hour for the purpose
of'obtaining their suppers; but during those
recesses the election boxes were in charge of
two of the officers of the election. The other
objection was that all the election papers were
not certified by the election officers. They
united them together in a single bundle, roll,
or book, and certified the whale mass by one
general certificate ; whereas uppn the construc-
tion which these canvassers gave to the law it
was directory upon them that they should cer-
tify each paper separately. Such objections,
under election laws as they are understood in
the various States, were not material. They
were at most only irrcgularitie.--, not affecting
the validity of the election. In the smaller
precinct of Poll Creek the rejection of the
return was for similar slight irregularities, and
it was equally unwarranted and unjust
Then, sir, it is alleged that tin Indian agent
in the Territory, named Matthewson, holding
an appointment under this Government and
who had been there only four months, not only
voted himself, but polled the votes of eighteen
half-breed Indians who were under his control.
Here wo have 19 illegal votes in favor of this
constitution under which the State is to be
admitted, if admitted at all. Six months
residence in the Territory is necessary to the
right of voting, and the Indians or half-breeds,
of course, were not qualified electors.
Then, as to the point discussed at the. last
session, relative to the voting of Iowa soldiers:
their votes were cast at Fort Kearney, I be-
lieve. At that election poll, which was opened
for the first regiment of Nebraska volunteers,
lol votes were cast for the constitution and 24
