1124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
of a Federal court by taking and subscribing to the
following oath:
That I, A B, have never borne arms against the
United States, or counseled or given voluntary aid
to the rebellion, or been engaged in any plot or con-
spiracy to overthrow the authority of the United
States in any State or Territory thereof; that I will
faithfully and honestly discharge all the duties im-
posed on me by this act without favor or partiality :
So help me God.
All officers that shall be appointed to perform any
duties under this act shall take and subscribe the
above oath before entering upon the duties of their
respective offices. And any person who shall swear
falsely to anything required to besworn to under this
act shall be deemed guilty of perjury, and upon con-
viction shall be confined to hard labor in tho peni-
tentiary of tho State for a period of not less than two
nor more than throe years.
Sue. 9. And be it further enacted. That the State
commissioners aro hereby authorised to call uoou
the President or any otfieer in command of the Uni-
ted States forces in said State for troops to enable
them to execute tho provisions of this act or the laws
of tho State; and upon such requisition it shall be
tho duty of the President, or any of tho officers so
called upon, to furnish the troops domanded.
Sue. 10. And be it farther enacted. That no person
shall bo competent to sit as a juror in the district or
circuit courts of the United States, or the courts or-
ganized by tho commissioners, who is not a legal
voter according to tho provisions of this act.
Sec. 11. And be it further enoctcd, That State com-
missioners shall hold their said position until tho
respective States shall electa Governor and provide
for filling all tho official positions in the State; and
thoy shall receive asa compensation for thoir scrviccs
tho sum of $3,(XX) per annum, which shall be paid
out of any money in tho Treasury of tho United
- fctatesnotothorwiso appropriated, and tho same shall
bo refunded to tho Treasurer of tho United States
by thorespective States. The commissioners of regis-
tration for tho counties, parishes, and districts shall
recoivo as a compensation for their sorvices the sum
of dollars, which said sum shall bo paid out of
any money in tho Treasury of tho United States not
otherwise appropriated, upon tho certificate of tho
commissioners for the State, certifying that thoy have
well ami truly performed their duty, which sums
shall bo refunded to the Treasury by tho said State
where the services wero performed.
Iho SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
this proposed amendment will be printed.
There was 110 objection.
Mr. KELLIiif obtained the floor, and said :
I understand the delegation from Kentucky
desire to .announce the death of their late col-
league, Mr, Gmdbr, and as I am not desirous
of proceeding to-day 1- will yield the floor for
tliat purpose.
death of hon. ItRNRY omojml.
Mr. I1ISE. Mr. Speaker, I have tho sad
duty to perform of announcing the death of
another member of this House, and the melan-
choly satisfaction which the occasion presents
of paying a just tribute to the memory of the
departed, lion. He.vby Giuwjr, representing
at the time the third congressional district of
Kentucky in this House, who departed this life
011 the 7th day of September last. Ho died at
hw home, in Bowling Green, Kentucky, after a
somewhat lingering illness, in the midst of his
family and friends, at the age of seventy years.
I learn that during his service in the first ses-
sion of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, toward its
close, he appeared to bo depressed in spirits
and enfeebled in body and mind, occasioned
apparently not so much by impaired health or
any disl motive physical illness as by sad and
despondent feelings, arising perhaps from dis-
heartening presentiments of the fearful eon-
sequences to tho country foreshadowed by the
gloomy present and tho ominous future. He
loved his country; I10 was an unswerving ad-
vocate and friend of our free institutions of
government, of the Union of the States, of the
liberty of the people, civil and religious, as reg-
ulated by law and insured by the maintenance
ot governments free in snbstance and republi-
can in lorm; and from his earliest youth until
his death he was an active, zealous, and effi-
cient co-worker with others of his own political
faith to maintain Ins principles and secure the
ascendency of his party in the councils of the
1 ederal and State governments, and exercised
a very considerable, if not a commanding in-
fluence ill his county, district, and State in
creating public opinion and in giving soliditv
and strength to the party to whicl? he was
attached. When quite a youth he entered in
the military service of his country during the
war of 1812, and performed his duty faithfully
and gallantly as a soldier in the field.
After the war terminated, and his scholastic
education had been completed, he very rapidly
qualified himself for the legal profession, soon
entered upon the practice of the law, and con-
tinued it reputably and successfully for a period
of near forty years. During this time 1 have
often had occasion to witness and encounter
his great power as an advocate and his pro-
found learning as a jurist.* And during his
whole professional career, protracted as it
was ana Unusually brilliant, I do not believe
that any complaint was ever heard from any
client of his of any deficiency in learning, skill,
or fidelity in the management of his cause.
He was a learned, skillful, and able lawyer, an
eloquent and powerful advocate, and always
true and faithful to his client. I have practiced
law with him in the same courts for many
years, and I, speaking from personal knowl-
edge, can say so much with truth.
He was engaged in tho civil service of the
country in various public stations. He was a
leading and useful member of the Kentucky
Legislature, both in the Senate and lower
House, and those high moral and intellectual
qualities by which he was so eminently dis-
tinguished as a jurist and advocate gave him
prominence, character, and influence as a law-
giver and statesman. He has served his district
in the Twenty-Eighth, Twenty-Ninth, Thirty-
Seventh, and Thirty-Eighth, and first session
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress; and that he
possessed tho qualities and attributes which 1
have ascribod to him was doubtless made mani-
fest to many of the members of this House with
whom I^e sewed by his course pursued here
under their own observation. He was a man
of mental endowments far above mediocrity,
endowments highly improved and cultivated,
a sound lawyer, able and eloquent speaker,
discieet statesman, and of unsullied reputation
for integrity ol conduct and piuity of motive.
Ho was ahvays in his private, professional, and
political action and conduct actuated by honest
and patriotic motives, and he was especially
remarkable for the zeal, earnestness, and sin-
cerity with which he supported a cause which '
hebelioved to be just, and labored to attain an
object or purpose which commended itself to
his judgment as right in itself and as useful to
the public. A lofty integrity marked and dis-
tinguished his whole course of life, both pub-
lic and private. In his private life he pursued
the even tenor of his way without reproach,
having at all times the esteem and confidence
of the community in which he lived and of
the soeicty in which he moved. He was ex-
emplary, upright, and true in all the relations
of human life, lie was a good citizen, just
and honest in all his dealings and transactions,
a devoted and exemplary professor of the
Christian religion, a humane master, an affec-
tionate husband, a tender and provident pa-
rent, a kind relation, and a true and "generous
friend. His death to his family and the com-
munity is an irreparable loss, and will be re-
gretted and lamented by all who knew him
well. Mr. Speaker, it seems that deaths of
members of the tivo Houses of Congress, when
wo consider the limited number of the repre-
sentatives in both, are of very frequent oceur-
lcnce. Perhaps they exceed the usual aver-
age. We, the survivors, aro thus warned of
our own impending and inevitable doom, and
admonished most impressively of the dread
and solemn responsibility incurred and to be
met by us all before an eternal and infallible
tribunal for all our intentions and deeds, both
private and official a tribunal where the rec-
ord is fully made up, the proofs complete, and
the judgment unerring, which takes cogni-
zance of corrupt, unexecuted intentions as
well as of criminal acts committed and visits
commensurate punishment upon both. How
deep the obligation and important the duty,
then, that we diligently examine ourselves and
so discipline and regulate our minds as that
we may be always actuated by motives that
are pure and by purposes benevolent and pa-
triotic, so that what we shall do and the meas-
ures we may devise shall bo just, wise, lawful,
and effectual for the promotion of the welfare
and happiness of the whole country and for
the maintenance of the rights and liberties of
the inhabitants of all sections thereof. The
deceased member, whose whole life furnished a
bright example of a devotion ardent and dis-
interested to the best interests of his country,
and hiirwhole country, has by his death spoken
to us from his sepulcher, and conjures us to
imitate his virtues and to be impelled in our
public conduct by the same elevated motives
by which his was ever inspired, so that our
end and our reward may be like his ; unsul-
lied fame on earth, and eternal rest in heaven.
I now offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That by the death of IlENRYGitiDER.late
Representative in Congress from the third district,
in tho State of Kentucky, this House has lost a wor-
thy and useful member, the country a most estimable
citizen, and his family, relations, and intimate asso-
ciates, a steadfast and valued friend.
Resolved, That t,o give expression to their due ap-
preciation of tho talents, attainments, and patriot-
ism of tho deceased, and to indicate their regret and
sorrow for his lamented death, tho members of this
Ilouse will assume and wear tho usual badge of
mourning for tile period of thirty days.
Reiolved, That these resolutions be spread upon
the Journal of the House of Representatives, and that
a copy thereof be sent by its Clerk to the tamily of
the deceased.
Resolved, That in respect to tho memory of the
deceased, this House do now adjourn.
Mr. FINCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to second
the resolutions which have been offered by the
gentleman from Kentucky. My first acquaint-
ance with Henry Grider commenced with the
Thirty-Eighth Congress, and as that acquaint-
ance progressed I came to respect and love
liirn. He was a pure and honest man and a
faithful public servant. He belonged to that
generation of statesmen who are fast passing
away, a generation which closely links our
history with the names of Jackson and Web-
ster and Clay and Calhoun. He was the de-
voted friend and admirer-of Ilenry Clay, and
embraced the principles advocated by him, and
like that great statesman, had a heart large
enough and patriotic enough to cherish every
section of the Republic. Hexry Geideb was
simple and unostentatious in his habits and
manners, most affable and genial in social
life, always treating with deference the opin-
ions of others, yet with becoming firmness and
ability maintaining his own convictions of duty.
_ He seldom, during the period I served with
him in this House, engaged in its exciting
debates. I remember, however, that he spoke
on two or three occasions with much force and
ability, and_ liis speeches were always marked
with great sincerity and earnestness.
.Mr. Speaker, I am not sufficiently familiar
with the early history and the many public
services in the career of our departed friend
to enter upon his eulogy. This lias been done
ably and most affectionately by the gentleman
who_ succeeds him in this House. But I have
felt it a melancholy pleasure to second the res-
olutions, and have deemed it appropriate that
the great State which I in part represent on
this floor, and which is linked to Kentucky by
so many cherished memories in the past and
by so many hopes in the future, should mingle
her voice with the sorrowing voice of a sister
State in the loss of one of Her most devoted
sons, and unite with her in paying this last
tribute of respect to the memory of one of the
purest and most patriotic of our departed
public men.
Mr. HARD IN Gr, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker,
I desire very briefly, and in few words, to pre-
sent my heart-felt tribute of respect to the
memory of my late friend and colleague, ■
Hon. Hesfry G-rider. I became acquainted
with him many years ago; but during a later
period, beginning with the extra session of
Congress, in July,^ 1861, I served with him
as a member of this^ House, on down to the
close of the last session, when in consequence
of declining health, he returned to his home.
During this last period of five years my rela-
tions with Mr. Griber were of the most intimate
ana friendly character—daily associating with
