360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
against it. At that poll it is alleged that 40 of
the soldiefa who thus voted for the constitution
were Iowa soldiers, who had never -resided in
Nebraska except for the purposes of the mili-
tary Service; and by the fiflh section of the or-
ganic act of Nebraska Territory it is provided
'' thatno soldier shall be allowed to vote or hold
office in said- Territory by reason of being in
service therein so that there can be no ques-
tion that these 40 votes also are to be deducted in
coming to a proper conclusion upon the ques-
tion whether this constitution was adopted by
the people of Nebraska or not.
These several corrections amount to 148
votes. As there was reported in favor of the
adoption of the constitution a majority of only
100, it follows, upon the making of these cor-
rections, that the constitution was in fact re-
jected by a'majority of 48. We are not con-
cluded by the proceedings of the territorial
pjfieers, by the action of the boards of election,
nor by the action of the county canvassers,
through whose hands the returns passed. When
these facts are called to our attention we are
obliged to investigate them as far as the infor-
mation in our power will enable us to do, and
to determine the case as if no result had been
certified to us by the officers of the Territory
to whom the general returns were sent.
Observe, sir, that election was not held under
any act of Congress. - It had no sanction of
publie law other than that of the territorial
Legislature itself; and under the regulations
of the territorial law there was no authority to
pervert and to change returns any more than
to poll improper votes. But not only were
illegal votes taken in the two cases mentioned,
but the election returns were changed in an
unauthorized and unjust manner by the boards
of canvassers.
I have called these facts distinctly to the
attention of the Sen&te, in order that they may
accompany the volume of our debates and
enable those who examine our proceedings to
judge whether the weight of the argument in
this case is in behalf of or in opposition to the
passage of the bill. I will state further, that
the exhibit of facts from which I have quoted
is signed by five members of the Senate and
sixteen members ofHhe House or delegates of
the Territory of Nebraska, constituting a very
large part of the members of the Legislature.
They certify and declare that, at the election in
their Territory on the question of adopting or re-
jecting this constitution, it was in fact rejected;
that the actual and honest votes given by qual-
ified citizens upon the question is represented
by a majority of 48 votes against the constitu-
tion, instead of a majority of 100 votes in its
favor.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, before re-
cording my vote on the passage of this bill, I
desire to say just a word or two. At the last
session I supported and voted for the admis-
sion of Colorado under circumstances similar
to those now connected with this bill proposing
the admission of Nebraska. I then supposed,
and now believe, that under the enabling acts
which Congress had passed heretofore these
Territories coming here in good faith were
entitled to admission as States. I believed the
enabling act was a continuing invitation to the
people of these Territories, and notwithstanding
they may have been irregular in their proceed-
ings and not have adopted a State constitution
at the first trial, I still believe that Congress is
bound in good faith to receive them into the
Union.
The objection then urged to the constitution
of Colorado, that it excluded blacks from the
right of suffrage, is now urged to the consti-
tution of Nebraska. I felt fully the force of
that objection before, and feel it now; but I
believed then and believe now that this right
will sooner be guarantied to these few individ-
uals by admitting these States into the Union
than by rejecting them. I shall therefore vote
cheerfully for the admission of this State whether
the bill be amended or not. 1 voted for the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ver-
mont, not because I am fully persuaded that
that amendment has any force whatever; I am
inclined to doubt it; but I believed that it might
harmonize the friends of the measure here so
that we should be able to carry it. I shall now
vote most cheerfully under the circumstances
for the bill as it comes from the committee.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to renew the last
proposition on which the Senate voted, that
moved by the Senator from Vermont.
.The PRESIDING OFFICER. That can be
done when the bill shall have been reported to
the Senate, but it is not now in order.
Mr. SUMNER. I see that the Senator from
Vermont is here now, and I call his attention
to it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now move the same
amendment which I offered in committee, to
add the following as an additional section:
And be it further enacted. That this act shall take
effect with the fundamental and perpetual condition
that within said State of Nebraska there shall be no
abridgement or denial of the exercise of the elective
franchise or of any other right to any person by rea-
son of race or color, excepting Indians not taxed.
Mr: WADE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not intend to pro-
long the debate; but I was absent when the
vote was taken on this same proposition a
while ago, and I wish now simply to state that
I am in favor of admitting Nebraska without
any amendment, without any qualification,
without any condition, and I think it is an
unwise policy to impose conditions on the ad-
mission of Nebraska; but still, as the friends of
the measure think that the declaration drafted
by the Senator from Vermont will strengthen
the bill, I am rather disposed to vote for it. I
believe it will be entirely nugatory. I do not
think that we have the power by an act of Con-
gress to restrain the people of Nebraska from
framing such a constitution, republican in form,
as they choose. I have no doubt they can
amend this constitution, or they can disregard
this condition; it does not operate on them;
it is not really in the nature of a condition. I
vote for it simply because I believe its adop-
tion will strengthen the main measure and
enable us to admit the State of Nebraska into
the Union with her Senators and Representa-
tives.
• The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Con-
ness, Cragin, Creswcll, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fogg,
Fowler, Lane, Morrill, Poland, Ramsey, Boss, Sher-
man, Stewart, Sumner, Van Winkle, and Wade—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Dixon, Doolit-
tle, Poster, Grimes, Hendricks, Howard, Howe, John-
son, Morgan, Nesmith. Norton, Patterson, Riddle,
Saulsbury, Willey, and Williams—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Davis, Frclingrhuyscn,
Guthrie, Harris, Henderson, Kirkwood, McDougall,
Nye, Pomeroy, Sprague, Trumbull, Wilson, and
Yates—14.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 15; qsfollows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Con-
ness, Cragin, Creswull, Edmunds, Fogs, Fowler, Hen-
derson, Howard, Kirkwood, Lane, Morrill, Poland,
Ramsey, Ross, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Van
Winkle, Wado, Willey, and Williams—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Dixon, Doolit-
tle, Foster, Grimes, Hendricks, Howe, Johnson, Mor-
gan,Nesmith, Norton, Patterson, Riddle, and Sauls-
bury—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Davis, Fessenden, Fre-
linghuysen, Guthrie, Harris, McDougall, Nye, Pom-
eroy, Sprague, Trumbull, Wilson, and Yates—13.
So the bill was passed.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secre-
tary of the Navy, in answer to a resolutionof
the Senate of the 5th ultimo, calling for copies
of orders, instructions, and directions issued
from the Navy Department in relation to the
employment of officers and others at the navy-
yards of the United States; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
message prom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed the bill
(S. No. 177) to incorporate the National Safe
Deposit Company of Washington, with an
amendment, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested.
admission op colorado.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 462, for the admission of Colorado.
{Mr. EDMUNDS. I think the unfinished
business which was laid aside for the Nebraska
bill now comes up regularly.
Several Senators. Do not call that up.
We can act on Colorado without discussion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
my friend from Ohio taking up his bill inform-
ally without displacing the business to which
I allude.
The motion of Mr. Wade was agreed to;
and the bill (S. No. 462) to admit the State of
Colorado into the Union was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It recites that on
the 21st day of March, 1864, Congress passed
an act to enable the people of Colorado to
form a constitution and State government, and
offered to admit the State, when so formed,
into the Union upon compliance with certain
conditions therein specified; and that it ap-
pears by a message of the President of the
United States, dated January —•, 1866, that
the people of Colorado have adopted a consti-
tution, which upon due examination is found
to conform to the provisions and comply with
the conditions of said act, and to be republi-
can in its form of government, and that they"
now ask for admission into the Union. It is
therefore proposed to declare that the consti-
tution and State government which the people
of Colorado have for themselves shall be, and
is hereby, accepted, ratified, and confirmed;
and the State of Colorado is declared to be
one of the United States of America, and ad-
mitted into the Union upon an equal footing
with the original States in all respects what-
soever.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
bill by adding a section which I will read, as
follows:
And be it further enacted, That this act shall take
effect with the fundamental and perpetual condition
that within said State of Colorado there shall be no
abridgment or denial of the cxercise of the elective
franchise or of any other right to any person by
reason of raco or color, excepting Indians not taxed.
Mr. WADE. I inquire of the Senator if
that is the same amendment we have just fixed
on the other bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Precisely the same.
Mr. WADE. Very well.
Mr. HOWARD. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays wore ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 18 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Anthony, Cattell, Chandler Con-
ness, Cragin, Creswell, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fogg,
Fowler. Henderson, Lane, Morrill, Poland, Ramsey,
Ross, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Van Winkle, and
Wadc-21.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Dixon, Doo-
little, Foster, Grimes, Hendricks, Howard, Howe,
Johnson, Morgan, Nesmith, Norton, Patterson, Rid-
dle, Snnlshury. Willey, and Williams—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Davis, Frelinghuysen,
Guthrie, Harris, Kirkwood, McDougall, Nye, Pome-
roy, Sprague, Trumbull, Wilson, and Yates—13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the passage of
this bill I intend simply to refer to the facts
that were brought out in debate at the last
session. The proceedings by which the con-
stitution was adopted in this case were much
more irregular, if possible, than those upon
the adoption of a constitution in Nebraska.
There was not even the action of the territorial
Legislature upon the subject. The people first
rejected tho constitution that was adopted by a
