1800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
tion is to grant for that purpose about one 1
third of the amount that has been used by the i
military authorities in feeding them; but, at i
the same time, I confess that I am unwilling
personally to vote for the amount named by i
the Department. I have consulted the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, and he thinks it
can be' done for this amount, but whether it J
will be necessary to have a larger amount ho '
does not know. It lias cost a larger sum here- j
toforo, but he thinks he can get along with the
amount named in the amendment. I think j
that he ought to be able to get along with a
smaller amount; but I present the amendment
as it was submitted to the committee, and the <
Senate will decide the question. I send the
amendment to the desk. !
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to insert after line fifteen hundred and
five, on page 62: ,
For feeding about six thousand Navajo Indians,
now prisoners at Fort Sumner, and fed by the mili-
tary, but agreed to )>o turned over to the Indian
Bureau whenever tho necessary appropriation is
made, from the 1st of March to the 30th of June,
four months, say $120,000. i
The same from the first of July, 1867, to the 30th of :
June, 1868, say $500,000.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If I can get the ear of |
the Senate for a few moments I will state some
facts that came within my personal knowledge
when, with the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Foster,] I was engaged in the
investigation of Indian affairs in New Mexico. 1
, We went to the place in New Mexico where
these Indians are held. These Navajoes were
captured by Kit Carson, to the number of
about seven thousand; and since the com-
mencement of the session to-day I have re-
ceived a letter from Detroit, Michigan, from
Brevet Lieutenant Colonel H. B. Bristol, who
when we were in New Mexico was in charge
of the Indians upon this reservation. The
reservation is about forty miles square. The
Pecos river runs through it. The Indians are
now on the reservation, and there are about
five or six hundred troops there for the pur-
pose of keeping them on the reservation so
that they will not run away. Yt>u are aware
that they have been taken two or three hun-
dred miles oat of their own country. They
were captured and brought over to the south-
east part of New Mexico, bordering almost
on the line of Texas, and placed on this Pecos
river. Under the direction of General Carle-
ton and the military officers in command an
attempt has been made to establish a reser-
vation and try to make these Indians support
themselves upon it. In all that country uotlv-
ing can be raised without irrigation. There ie
no rain which will make crops or vegetation
grow. They have made a dam across the Pecos
river and have cut a large canal or acequim, as
they call it, and have carried it along under the
foat of the bluffs four or five or six miles, so
that by means of this actqma they have put
under water, as it is called, four or five thou-
sand acres of land, upon which they were cul-
tivating crops when we went there. There
were then between three and four thousand
acres of land cultivated in corn and wheat
and the black beans, which are cultivated
very much in that country. It is the most
uncertain country in the world for crops.
There are swarms of all sorts of creeping
things that destroy the crops. They come
suddenly. Sometimes in a week ora fortnight
a whole crop will be destroyed. Other seasons
a man may be fortunate enough to raise a full
crop ; but the whole business of raising crops
anywhere in New Mexico is a very uncertain
thing.
While these Indians have been on the res-
ervation the War Department has fed them
through the Commissary Bureau; and the ex-
pense of feeding these Indians while they have
been on the hands of the military, to say noth-
ing about the expeitse of troops in captnring
and watching them, the actual expense of feed-
ing them and looking after them has been from
twelve to fifteen hundred thousand dollars,
besides what is raised out of the ground. That
is the way in which these Indians have been
fed and kept. They have been there two or
three years. The War Department all the
while has been desirous to turn them over to
the Indian Bureau because it was subjected to
this expense of feeding them. The Indian
Bureau has said, if Congress will give us money
we will take them on our hands and feed them;
if not, they must remain with the War Depart-
ment and be kept and fed as prisoners of war.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Why not let them go at
large and take care of themselves ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If you turn the Nava-
joes at large, the consequences are apparent.
The history of the Navajoes and the Mexicans
in New Mexico for two hundred years is that
they have been constantly at war with each
other. The Mexicans would steal the Navajo
women and children, and the Navajoes would
steal the Mexican herds of sheep and cattle.
It has been a predatory warfare between the
two. We, in taking New Mexico, have taken
upon oar hands this continual war between
the Mexicans and the Navajoes. We have
had, as I stated the other day, three or four
campaigns in war between ourselves and the
Navajoes, which have cost us millions upon
millions of dollars. The military department
of New Mexico, under General Carleton, de-
termined to capture the Navajoes and confine
them somewhere so as to keep the peace. If
you will look into our report and read the tes-
timony of General Carleton and Kit Carson
and all the men whom we could find of any
considerable prominence of character in Ne-v
Mexico, you will see that they universally
stated that, if the Indians were suffered to
remain in their own country, tho depredations
between them and the Mexicans wouldicon-
tinue; it was necessary for us to keep three
or four regiments of troops out there. This
was their argument; and the view upon which
the military department acted in making a
capture of the Indians was, as they say, to put
an end to war and to save the expense of
keeping so many troops there. For myself,
if it were a new question, with these Navajoes
back in their own country, had they never been
captured in that country and brought to this
reservation, I should not have advised that
the thing be done; I would have said let them
remain in their own country and station a mil-
itary force in such a manner as to keep them
in their country and preserve the peace. But
here is the practical fact; the military took
possession of them and took them oat of their
own country two or three hundred miles and
planted them on this reservation, and there
they are. The simple question for the Senate
to decide is whether they propose to let the
Interior Department feed these Indians. If
they do, they can give that Department means
to do it; if not, if you leave them in the hands
of the War Department, things will go on just
as they are.
Mr. SHERMAN. Suppose the military
authorities withdraw and let them "root hog
or die?"
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps I can give my
honorable friend some information in relation
to New Mexico when I call to mind what has
transpired there. We have now held New
Mexico twenty years. When General Sumner
was in command of that military department
he proposed that the Government should buy
out every New Mexican who had become a
citizen of the United States by virtue of our
treaty with Mexico, give them money enough
to enable them to remove into Kansas or some-
where in the States and settle themselves, and
then give up the whole of New Mexico to the
Indians. That was his proposition; and as a
mere matter of economy it would have been a
great saving to this Government, for the1 ad-
ministration of the military department in New
Mexico and the Indians there have cost us
from four to five million dollars a year ever
since we acquired the Territory. It has cost
us probably $100,000,000 since we acquired
the Territory, and the great expense has been
in feeding the Indians and in clothing the In-
dians ; and the expense grows out of the fact
that you have to keep the troops the.e to main-
tain peace, to defend the citizens of New Mex-
ico against the Indians, to prevent continual
depredations all over that Territory. The War
Department, acting with this responsibility, with
the view, as they supposed, to produce peace in
the Territory, captured this whole tribe and
put them on the reservation.
Now, I say to the Senator from Ohio that
my opinion is that if you withdraw your troops
the mass of these Navajoes will go back to
their own country and they will be spread all
over New Mexico more or less; but if you
mean to keep them on the reservation where
they are now kept, provision must be made for
them; you must either leave it to the War
Department to feed them as prisoners of war,
or furnish the Interior Department with money
to enable them to feed the Indians. My im-
pression is the Interior Department will feed
them cheaper than the War Department can
feed them as prisoners of war.
Mr. SHERMAN* I hope the Senate will
take this matter into serious consideration and
settle it. We have had it up for three years. It
is proposed now to appropriate $112 a head
for six thousand miserable Indians. The same
amount appropriated by the Government to the
people of the United States generally would
involve an expenditure of $300,000,000—more
than our national debt. I aro in favor of de-
nying both to the Army and the Interior De-
i partment the power to feed these Indians. We
have appropriated millions every year to take
i care of them. I think the military authority
ought to be withdrawn from them, and let
them, in the language of the late lamented
President in regard to another matter, either
work for their living or die. It is impossible
for this Government to maintain this system
of Indian affairs in the Territories. I am in-
formed by a geotlemai  better acquainted with
things in New Mexico than any of us can be,
that for'twelve years the New Mexicans took
care of these Indians with forty soldiers, and
that during last year we have fed them on corn
which cost twenty-two centra pound when we
used to consider twenty-two cents a.bushel a
very good price for corn. It is not in the power
of the United States to maintain these Indians
in that way. There they are fed, and the Sena-
tor from, Wisconsin says that the Army paid
$1,500,000 to feed them. That for six thou-
sand Indians is $250 a head, men, women, mid
children; and the Senator from Wisconsin says
it ought to be turned over to the Interior De-
partment because they can do it cheaper ai
$112 a head 1 My own impression is that if
we legislate about it at all we ought to direct
the Army to withdraw from their care and cus-
tody and let them go where they please. If
the New Mexicans cannot take care of them
we shall have to send soldiers there to do so;
but as long as the Indians know that they are
to be maintained there by the United States
they will never work. This case reminds me
of an Indian whom I once met out in Kansas
at Fort Leavenworth, when it was under the
charge of General Sumner. He had been
brought there for some petty offense commit-
ted in the Indian country, and had been pun-
ished by confinement in a little jail they had at
the fort. The thirty days of his sentence ran
out, and still the Indian staid in jail. They
told him to go away about his business. "No,"'
said he, " white man brought me here; white
man take me back;" and there he remained
about the fort for six months, not wanting to
leave his comfortable berth in the prison. So
with these Indians; they are prisoners of war ;
they are better cared for than they ever were be-
fore ; and as long as they are kept as prisoners
of war it will cost one or two hundred dollars a
head to feed and take care of them. I think
we had better withdraw our forces from the
Navajoes,, tell them they are free, and let the in
go to work or die.
Mr. KIRK WOOD. Unless they are par-
doned. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. It may, perhaps, be a
