1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GliOM.
1801
fair case for executive clemency; my friend
from Wisconsin could probably procure a par-
don for them. [Laughter.] Let them go, and
if any aid is required to help them iu getting
back to their own country I would vote it;
but how do three hundred miles of prairie
stand in the way of their getting back to their
own home? An Indian can travel two hun-
dred miles of a prairie in about six days. A
Navajo Indian can go that whole distance in a
week, or at the outside in two weeks. Let
them go back to where they came .from, and I
am willing to feed them while they are on the
road. Then if they do not behave themselves
kill them. This may sound harsh, but it is the
only way we can deal with these tribes. I lost
all my sympathy for the Indian tribes when I
saw personally the condition to which they are
reduced. This may be the order of Divine
Providence. I do not know. If there were
no white men in all the western plains the
Indians might possibly procure a precarious
subsistence by killing buffalo and game, but
the white man is occupying the whole country,
and thirty years will not transpire before the
most beautiful settlements will be found scat-
tered all along the base of the Rocky mount-
ains in the very places where the Indians have
heretofore lived. The Indians must disappear.
The duty of the Government is to collect them
in reservations, and as soon as possible to
adapt them to civilized life; to induce them to
work for their living. If you leave the Nava-
joes there they are unfit for labor, unwilling
to labor, while supported by the Government.
The only way is to withdraw our forces and let
them take care of themselves or starve. We
cannot, in the present condition of the country,
or indeed in any condition of the country,
appropriate these enormous sums year by year
for the support gf Indians. For three or four
years past during the rebellion, on the motion
of my honorable friend from Wisconsin, we
have appropriated millions of dollars to feed
Indians in Kansas and on the western plains,
always against my advice. Now we have
treaties with them by which we revive all the
old and burdensome treaty stipulations and are
compelled to pay this money over again.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Navajoes could
go and peace be preserved in New Mexico, and
the military department were satisfied that
peace could be -maintained without troops and
withoutkeeping these Indians confined, it would
do for us by an act of legislation to say, let the
Havajoes go; but the judgment of the military
department, the policy which has been pursued
there for nearly ten years, has been to do just
the thing my honorable friend speaks of, bring
these Navajoes upon a reservation. The Nav-
ajo country, in which they lived and from which
they were brought, is as large as the State of
Ohio. If my honorable friend will look into
the report of the special committee he will see
that we took a great deal of testimony, both of
military men and of civilians, bearing on this
very question. It appears that as between the
Navajoes and the people of New Mexico the
normal condition has been a condition of war
and depredation on each other, going back as
far as the history of that country is known. The
Navajo nation is an older nation on this conti-
nent than we are ourselves; they inhabited
that country when the Spaniards first learned
anything about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Old enough tl die?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. They are not a people
well calculated to die readily. I can tell my
honorable friend that these Navajoes are an
enterprising people ; the Navajo women make
blankets such as are not made by any other
manufacturers in the world. They will make
a blanket that you can hold up the four corners
of it and it will hold a barrel of water and npt
leak a drop. They have herds and flock's.
They raise wool, and make their own clothing.
They are a very ingenious people.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then let them support
themselves.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. They will support them-
selves if you allow them to nrake w«r on New
Mexico whenever they please.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Let them work.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. They will work and sup-
port themselves, or steal and support them-
selves ; but hereditary war between them and
the Mexicans has existed during the whole his-
tory of New Mexico before we obtained it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let them fight it out.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That was what General
Sumner proposed. He proposed that you should :
buy out all the citizens of the United States in j,
New Mexico, transfer them over into Kansas,
and abandon New Mexico to the Indians and
let them figkt it out. But wie cannot do that;
we are under treaty- obligations by which we
are to take care of the citizens of New Mexico.
Besides, in the treaty which we made with
Mexico and under which we acquired that Ter- i
ritory, we guaranteed to Mexico the peace as
against these Indians in her northern States,
and we were never released from that obliga-
tion until we purchased the Mesilla valley, and
then as part consideration for the purchase we
got ourselves released from the obligation to
prevent the Indians in our Territory of New
Mexico from going over into Sonora and Chi-
huahua and making war on Mexico. It was
in view of this condition of affairs that General
Sumner made that proposition; but it was a
proposition which wars not entertained, which ;
could not l)e carried out. Our treaty oWiga- !
tions to the- people of New Mexico bound us
to preserve the peace there. We cannot aljan- j
don the country and let the Navajoes and
Apaches and the other Indians there fight it
out with, the Mexicans. If we do, it is aban-
doning the Territory ;. you withdraw your mili-
tary troops from New Mexico, and I think it
a doubtful question whether the Navajoes and
Apaches together would not drive the New Mex-
icans out.
My friend from Maine [Mr. Morrill], says,
" The only remedy is to turn it all over to the
War Department." One of my objections to
putting it under the War Department is that the
War Department or the commanders in the
field—I will not charge it on the Department
—sometimes undertake an expedition or a
war that costs this Government $20,000,000,
and Congress know nothing about it. Here
was an expedition where they captured a whole
people, ten thousand of them, took them up
bodily, and moved them three or four hundred
miles and put them on this reservation.
Mr. SHERMAN. What became of their
flocks and herds?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. They took them with
them; they have some flocks and herds there
now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why can they not take
themyback again ? !
Mr. DOOLITTLE. You say let them go
back to their valleys. The difficulty is to
accomplish that we have to reverse the action j
of the Government for ten years past, and |
abandon the expenditures that have been made
for the establishment of this reservation. If
it was an original question I do not know that
I should propose in the first place this expe-
dition to capture them and bring them to the
reservation ; but they are there, and the ques-
tion is what shall be done with them. They
are there on the hands of the Military Depart-
ment.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. What is the extent of
the reservation on which the Navajoes now
are ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Forty miles square.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. They have women who
can work and make blankets ; they have flocks
and they have herds. Why cannot the men
on those forty miles square raise enough to
live «n? There is just one difficulty in this
whole Indian question, and that is an Indian
man will not work. :
Mr. DOOLITTLE. These Indians do work ,
on the reservation tolerably well; the difficulty ;
is in the nature of the ground. i
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Put that number of •
whit© people en a reservation forty mik 
square and they will aot a*k you to feed them;
and no other people who will work need ask
such a-thing. There is the whole trouble with
this Indiaa question; we are keeping up a lot
of lazy Indian men who make their women
do what work must be done, and who do
nothing but lounge around their tents while
the women are working, and they expect us
to keep them, in idleness because they will not
work. If they would devote to labor the time
that they spend idling around their tents while
their women are working, they eould live well
enough, like our white people do, but they will
never do it so long as you continue the present
system of feeding them. That is the whole
trouble with our system of treating the Indians.
They will unquestionably die out. I tell you
people who will not work will die out before
another people. I had a conversation not long
since with a southern gentleman on the ques-
tion of reconstruction. He said the blacks
would die off. I told him that in my judgment
that depended on another consideration, if the
blacks will work they will live there ; if they
will not work there, they will die; but if the
blacks will work and the whites will not the
whites will die; if whites and blacks will both
work both will live. You may send preachers
among these Indians, you may do what you
will with them; but unless you let them know
that they muBt work for their living like white
men do they never will earn their own living,
and you will always have to support them until
they die ofi. That is all there is of it; you
cannot make anything else of it if you labor
over it and spend millions upon it for a cen-
tury to come. These men, we are told, have
forty miles square of land ; they have flocks,
they have herds, they have industrious wives.
Why do they not earn their own living? Be-
cause they are too lazy to do it. I am not
disposed to tax my people, who live by their
labor, to support other men who live in idleness.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I think
that General Sherman expressed in his report
in November last a correct opinion on this
subject when he said that it was impossible
that the Government of the United States
should continue feeding these Indians in the
manner in which we have fed them for the last
two or three years since they were taken pris-
oners of war and removed from their own sec-
tion. Now, sir, I desire to state some facts
connected with this subject which came to my
knowledge as a member of the Committee on
Indian Affairs two or three years ago.
When it was first proposed that these In-
dians should be located upon the Pecos river,
on this reservation, we had in charge of Indian
affairs in the Territory of New Mexico a very
competent and reliable officer, and he made to
the Interior Department elaborate and com-
plete reports upon this whole subject, in which
he foretold exactly what has taken place,
pointed out all the consequences of the policy
adopted, and entered, as it was his duty to do,
a vigorous protest against its adoption. These
documents were accessible to Congress, be-
cause they were filed in the public Department
having charge of our Indian affairs. His opin-
ions and his advice were disregarded; the views
of the military commander and of those who
thought with him prevailed: these Indians
were removed to the Bosque Iiedondo reserva-
tion, and they have been kept there from that
time to this under the policy which was adopted.
During the last year, assuming that these
Indians number six thousand, as stated in the
proposed amendment, the Government of the
United States lias paid for the snpport of each
Indian, including squaws and children, twenty-
dollars a month. That is the burden which
has been charged upon the Treasury, and
which is now charged upon it by the existing
system.
By the way, I desire to state that this faithful
and intelligent officer who made these reports
to us, who entered this protest of which 1 have
spoken, was removed from his office in -nnse-
