362
THE OOKGEESSIOE"AL GLOBE.
January 9,
I understand the Constitution, the right to regu-
late suffrage belongs exclusively to the States
themselves. That is the law paramount; and
any bill which Congress may pass proposing to
regulate for a State the right of suffrage or to
require a State to regulate the right of suffrage
in any particular mannerrisin my opinion nu-
gatory, unavailing, amounts to nothing; and
therefore the bill, if it pass with this amendment
to it, will simply result in the admission of Colo-
rado into the Union as a member of the Union,
and the amendment attached to it will have
no effect upon the State of Colorado in refer-
ence to suffrage. Being desirous that Colorado
should be admitted now, and believing that the
amendment is nugatory, I shall vote for the
bill with the amendment to it, notwithstanding
I voted against the amendment itself.
Mr. GRIMES. For precisely the same rea-
son assigned by the Senator from West Vir-
ginia why he shall vote for the bill, I shall
vote against it. He admits, as is admitted by
everybody, I believ , on the floor of the Sen-
ate, except the Senatoj from Vermont, that the
amendment which has been adopted to the Col-
orado bill, as well as the one that was adopted
to the Nebraska bill, is entirely nugatory. Even
the chairman of the Committee on Territories,
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] spent an
hour or two the other day in convincing us that
it was of no effect, unconstitutional, and void.
Now, sir, my conscience on this subject of im-
partial suffrage in the Territories cannot be
quieted, as it seems some gentlemen's con-
sciences can be, by the incorporation into this
organic act of a provision which I know can-
not be enforced, and which, according to the
testimony of the opinion of almost every one
who has spoken on the subject at all, merely
consigns the colored man who happens to re-
side within these Territories to a law-suit rather
than to the ballot-box. Therefore, for the rea-
son which the Senator from West Virginia has
assigned why he will vote for the bill, that he
believes that amendment to be entirely void
and of no effect, I shall vote against this bill
for the admission of Colorado.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, there
are certain facts in relation to the Territory
of Colorado which do not exist to the same
extent in relation to the Territory of Nebraska;
and the facts to which I should like to call the
attention of the Senate, if it were possible to
get it, are those facts which bear upon the
population of Colorado and which bear upon
the question of whether the population of Col-
orado do or do not desire to assume the bur-
dens of a State government.
I shall not go over the ground, nor repeat
what was said by me when the bill for the
admission of Colorado was before the Senate
on another occasion. The facts which I then
stated I believe to be true; but I have some
further additional facts and testimony bearing
on those two questions, testimony which comes
from an official source; testimony which it
seems to me every Senator in his place here
is bound to regard at least with respect, though
he may not concur entirely in the opinions
which are expressed. I refer to the statement
of the Governor of Colorado made on the 13th
of the last month, of December, in his message
to the Legislature of Colorado, a copy of which
I have now before me. The Governor of Col-
orado states that—
" It would be idle to attempt to conceal thefact that
there are two parties to this issue in the Territory,
although strenuous efforts have been mado to create
the impression abroad that the peoplo were united
on the question. But here, where the_ evidence is
readily attainable, it would be equally idle to deny
that the party desiring a State government forms a
very small portion of the population, and is repre-
sented by those who seek personal aggrandizement
and place at the expense of tho welfare of the Terri-
tory." **********
"It may not be amiss to give"a brief history of this
question from tho beginning.
" Congress, in 1864, passed alaw to enable the people
to form a State government if they desired to do so.
After a very thorough discussion of the subject, they
decided that it was inexpedient to adopt a State gov-
ernment.
'' This seemed to close the question; the power under
the act of Congress, being completely exhausted;
but in 1865 a movement was mado by a few aspiring
men to effect, if possible, a reconsideration of this
decision. A convention was called in which only
eleven counties out of seventeen were represented.
By this convention a constitution was framed, which
it is pretended was adopted by a majority of one
hundred and fifty-five. There was no law governing
this vote and no restraints whatever surrounded tho
proceedings, and the so-called vote was no indication
of the sentiment of the people. * * * *
" The Legislatureatits lastsession, feeling the wrong
that was attempted to be put upon them by forcing
a State government on the people under the repre-
sentation that there was a population numberingbe-
tween fifty and sixty thousand to bear the expenses,
authorized a census to be taken by the assessors of
the different counties, paying them a compensation
per capita of six cents for every name returned, the
work to be done in connection with the annual as-
sessments. Returns have been received from the
following counties, namely:
Gilpin 6,847
Jefferson  1,782
Boulder 1,456
Conejos 2,269
Costilla 2,192
Las Animos  935
Fremont  508
Summit  456
Park  552
El Paso  565
Arapahoe 4,145
Douglas  542
Wold J 1,192
Pueblo  890
Amounting to 24,331
"These returns all show uijon their face marked
evidence of the care with which the work has been
done and the population enumerated, and their accu-
racy is acquiesced in by every portion of tho Terri-
tory with the exception of a single county, and of the
correctness of that one there is no reason to doubt.
"From the following counties no returnshave been
received, and the population is estimated by persons
conversant with the condition of the counties, in-
cluding members of the Legislature representing
them, namely:
Larimer  600
Cloar Creek 1,500
Huerfano   1,000
Lake  600
Making 3,600
Making an aggregate of 27,931.
" This result will doubtless produce great disap-
pointment in the public mind because of the studied
effort to create the impression that the population
was much larger, although the prudent, thinking
portion ofthe community—those who havethe taxes
to pay and thoburden of the governmentto sustain—
felt assured all the while that the effort was a merely
selfish one to support the ambitious schemes of de-
signing men. The exaggerations of the population
has been but a small portion of the misrepresentation
by which they sought to accomplish their purpose.
" The fact that the population is small does us no
harm; the truth never does injury; it is only the
perversion that does mischief." * * * *
" Sinco the adjournment of tho last Legislative
Assembly I have traversed almost the entire area
oftlie Territory, mingling freely with every portion
of its citizens, among the miners and in the agricult-
ural districts, and I am convinced that at least two
thirds of the people are adverse to the formation of a
State government. In whole sections the entire pop-
ulation are opposed to it with scarcely a dissenting
voice, while in no portion is there any considerable
degree of unanimity in its favor. If this opinion is
doubted its accuracy can be easily ascertained by
affording the people a fair opportunity to speak for
themselves.
" If Congress desires tho admission of tho State,
and the people of the Territory wish it, tho admis-
sion can be consummated at the next session with
equal advantage to every interest that could be ob-
tained by admitting it now."
Now, Mr. President, I have read at some
little length the statement made by the Gov-
ernor of Colorado as to a census which was
taken under a law of the last Legislative As-
sembly of that Territory requiring the assessors
to take an enumeration of the population, and
by that enumeration all told there are but
twenty-seven thousand inhabitants in this Ter-
ritory of Colorado. There is not a dollar in
the treasury. The people are not in a condi-
tion to bear the burdens of a State govern-
ment ; they will of necessity be involved in
debt; and if it is admitted into the Union the
scrip of this new State' within one year from
this date will be selling at less than fifty cents
on the dollar beyond all question, and the peo-
ple burdened with a taxation they cannot well
bear.
Mr. President, when such are the facts why
is it that the admission of this Territory as a
State should be so pressed upon the Senate of
the United States? The Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Wade] has over and over again declared
the real purpose of bringing this Territory in
as a State, although he himself, in the beginning
of the discussion, and before the political neces-
sities_ had pressed upon him as they have.been
pressing upon him of late, in an argument which
he has not answered and which has not been
and cannot be answered, showed conclusively
that this Territory of Colorado was in no con-
dition to be admitted as a State into the Union.
But, sir, there are other reasons, pressing rea-
sons, reasons of political necessity he would
have us understand. It is necessary to reen-
force a majority of three fourths in this body
by the admission of new members from the
new State of Colorado, and that is the reason
why this is to be pressed. Sir, I should not speak
of this if the honorable Senator had not over
and over again avowed that his purpose was to
bring in reinforcements; and this is the great
anxiety which he has for the passage of this
bill. Sir, it is a new argument in the Senate
of the United States to press upon the Senate
what their judgment does not approve, from con-
siderations of political necessity, to strengthen
a party or for any political purpose whatever.
And, Mr. President, a new style of argument
has arisen, too, in reference to constitutional
questions, which I never heard before, to wit:
that the Senate are called upon to vote in favor
of measures conceded to be unconstitutional
because it is said being unconstitutional they
are perfectly nugatory. Of course I will not
assume to judge for other persons'; but I do
not see how it is possible for me to consent to
vote for a proposition which I believe to be
unconstitutional because its being unconsti-
tutional will maM it nugatory and of no ac-
count. It is in vain to say that if we vote for
an unconstitutional law it is null and void, and
therefore it may be disregarded by the people
who are to be affected by it, or it may be over-
ruled by the judgment of the Supreme Court
or any other tribunal. That does not excuse
us in my judgment. I do not know but that
others can see their way clear to excuse this
matter to their own consciences in view of the
oath they have taken to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States; but I cannot see
how I can vote for a proposition which violates
the Constitution when I have sworn to defend
it. It seems to me that it is illogical, it is
preposterous ; and I for one cannot reconcile
it with my sense of the obligations which I owe
to the oath that I have taken.
Now, Mr. President, I shall not go over the
argument as to the proposed amendment to
show its unconstitutionality, and that with the
exception of perhaps two or three gentlemen who
have expressed their opinion upon this subject
it is conceded to be unconstitutional. If Con-
gress lias this power on the admission of a new
State to propose by an ordinance or a law per-
petually binding forever upon the State that
the State shall make no distinction between its
citizens on the ground of color so far as the
exercise of the franchise is concerned, Con-
gress may say the same thing in relation to any
distinction of sex. Congress has the power to
impose upon a new State equal, universal
woman suffrage as well as negro suffrage or
Indian suffrage. There is no limit. But, sir,
the answer given is that being against the Con-
stitution it is of no account, it amounts to
nothing ; and therefore we can vote for it.
Why, Mr. President, this is the strangest argu-
ment I have ever heard anywhere. I am cer-
tain that such an argument is a very novel one
in the Senate of the United States.
Mr. President, I fear that it is another evi-
dence of that revolution through which we are
passing, which may in its progress involve all
our institutions, Constitution and all; for if
men here can disregard it, how shall we ex-
pect that the Constitution will be respected
elsewhere ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin seems to assume that
somebody has said that he was at liberty to
disregard the Constitution of the United States
in voting upon propositions pending in this
body.
