1126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
The question was taken on the resolutions,
and they were unanimously adopted.
Thereupon (at four o'clock and twenty min-
utes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
Tho following petitions, &c., worepresentedutfder
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. DAULING: Tho petition of members of
tho bar, practicing in the United States courts, m
southern and eastern districts of New York, asking
for increased compensation for tipstaves and criers
of said courts. • „ ,
By Mr. DAVIS: Tho memorial of the Chamber of
Coramcrcoof New York, against the passage of the
bill to provide increased revenues Irom imports.
15y Mr. DitlUGS: The petition of A. R. Bradbury,
nnd 30 others, citizens of Menomonee, Green Bay,
Michigan, for surveys andestimatosforthoimprove--
mcnt of tho harbor at tho mouth of tho Menomonee
11 By Mr. FAKQIHIAR: The petition of J. P. Welder,
and others, of Urcensburg, Indiana, against the pas-
sage of cither tho lloopor or Randall bills, now
pending in the llouso of Representatives, and in
favor of carrying out in good faith the obligations of
the Government with the present national banks.
Also, tho petition of Messrs. Scoby & Donnell, and
others, of Grcensburgv Indiana, against tho further
contraction of tho currency, the redemption of na-
tional uurreacy at New York, and tho prohibition of
naiinnnl banks from paying or receiving interest on
bank balances.
By Mr. II (INTER: The memorial of J. North, and
others, praying that bonnots and millinery may bo
placed upon tho free list.
By Mr. JULIAN: Tho petition of Edward M.
Davis, praying Congress for certain relief.
By Mr. LAWRENCJi, of Ohio: The petition of
J. M. Rood, and others, of Dawn, Darke county,
Ohio, for a law authorizing tho sale of stamps by
additional officers, so thatovory locality may be more
conveniently supplied.
Also, tho petition of Samuol Silver, for pay as a
wa^on-miister.
Hy Mr. AttLLTCR: Tho memorial of citizens of the
United {States, for impeachment of tho President.
l y Mr. MYKIiS: The pet ttion of tho Library Com-
pany of Philadelphia, asking that hooks and maps
imported for public libraries and colleges bo placod
on tho iroo list.
By Mr. 1\ THOMAS: Tho petition of'citizons of
Carroll county, Maryland, remonstrating againsttho
tax on cigars.
Bv Mr. UPSON: Tho petition of 0. R. Johnson,
P. B. Wnilin, and iI8 othors, citizens of Allegan
county, Michigan, praying Congress for tho sur-
vey anil improvement of tho harbor at tho mouth of
tho ICalauiaaoo river, Michigan.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 11,1807.
Tho House mot at twelve o'clock ra. Prayer
by fhe Chaplain, Ucv. C. B. Boyntox.
The Journal of Saturday last was read"*and
approved.
JWXS AND JOINT KESOLIJTIONS.
The SPEAKER stated as the first business
in order the calling_of tho States and Terri-
tories for bills and joint resolutions, to bo re-
ferred to I he appropriate committees, and not
to be brought back on a motion to reconsider,
commencing with the State of Maine.
amkrican commerce.
Mr. BLAINE introduced a bill to promote
the interest of American commerce and ship-
building; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to tho Committee on Com-
merce
robert isiierwood.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, introduced a bill au-
thorizing the purchase by the United States of
the iarm of the late Robert Isherwood; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and ordered to be printed.
break-water on block island,
Mr. DIXON submitted joint resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Rhode Island,
relative to a break-water on Block Island ;
which were ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
kouti1ern pacific railroad.
Mr. WARD, of Hew York, presented con-
current resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of New York, in favor of granting Gov-
ernment aid to the Northern Pacific railroad-
which were referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
henry e. peck.
Mr. WELKER introduced a joint resolution
for the relief of Henry E. Peck, minister-resi-
dent and consul general in Hayti; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
mrs. rachel m'cleiland.
Mr. WELKER also introduced a bill for the
relief of Mrs. Rachel McClelland ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
fourteenth article op the constitution.
Mr. ECKLEY presented the joint resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the State of Ohio,
ratifying the fourteenth article of the Consti-
tution of the United States, proposed by the
first session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress;
which were referred to tho Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DELANO introduced a bill declaring
the ratification of the fourteenth article of the
Constitution of the United States, proposed by
the first session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. DELANO. I ask that the committee
have leave to report at any time.
Messrs. FINCK and ANCONA objected.
Mr. DELANO. Then I give notice that I
shall move to suspend the rules for that pur-
pose as soon as it is in order for me to do so.
river and harbor improvements.
Mr. EGGLESTON introduced a bill making
appropriations for the repair, preservation,
and completion of certain public works here-
tofore commenced under the authority of law,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
miss sue murphy.
Mr. MAYNARD. A bill from the Senate,
for the relief of Miss Suo Murphy, of Decatur,
Alabama, was indefinitely postponed 'on tho
14th of December last by a vote of this House.
I ask consent of the House to take up the bill
and have it referred to the Committee of the
Whole and placcd upon the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. Under the rule the Chair
cannot ask unanimous consent during the morn-
ing hour on Monday.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I give notice that
at the proper time I shall move a suspension
of the rules for tho purpose I have indicated.
laws of utah.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a joint resolution
requiring 'the Legislature of the Territory of
Utah to transmit a copy of their laws to Con-
gress ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Territories,
and ordered to be printed.
rations for soldiers dying in prison.
Mr. GRINNELL introduced a joint resolu-
tion giving rations to the legal representative's
of Union soldiers dying in prison, amendatory
of a joint resolution approved July 25, 1866;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. GRINNELL. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the committee have leave to report on
this subject at any time.
No objection was made, and leave was
accordingly granted.
duty on wool.
Mr. PAINE presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin, in
favor of an increased duty on wool; which was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
fox river improvement.
Mr. SAWYER presented joint resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin,
asking further appropriations to improve the
entrance into Fox river from Green bay ; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
removal of indians from wisconsin.
Mr. PAINE presented joint resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin, ask-
ing for the removal of certain Indian tribes
now in that State; which were referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed. *
california railroad grants.
Mr. BID WELL introduced a bill for a grant
of land to the State of California to aid in the
construction of certain railroads in snch State ;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. BIDWELL. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to amend that motion
so that the bill may be referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. BIDWELL. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian] if that
committee will be able to report upon this sub-
ject should it be referred to them ?
Mr. JULIAN. I suppose we can.
Mr. BIDWELL. Then I will not object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state
that in his opinion it is very doubtful whether
either committee will again be reached in the
regular call of committees.
Mr. BIDWELL. If the committee will act
upon it I am willing it should be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JULIAN. It is our duty to act upon it.
The bill was accordingly referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
towns on public lands.
Mr. BIDWELL introduced a bill for the
relief of the inhabitants of cities and towns
upon the public lands; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
post route in west virginia.
Mr. "WHALEY introduced a bill to establish
a mail route in the State of West Virginia;
which was read a first and second fime, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
private land claims in new mexico.
Mr. CHAVES introduced a bill for ascer-
taining and settling private land claims in the
Territory of New Mexico; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
public lands.
Mr. GOODWIN introduced a bill for the
relief of inhabitants of cities and towns upon
the public lands ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The call of States and
Territories for bills and joint resolutions being
concluded, the next business during the re-
mainder of the morning hour is the call of
States for resolutions, commencing with the
State of Iowa, where the call was arrested on
the expiration of the morning hour last Monday.
purchase of a picture.
Mr. HIGBY submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
_ Resolved, That the Committee on the library be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of purchas-
ing the picture of Francis B. Carpenter, of New York,
representing the first reading of the emancipation
proclamation, and that they report by bill or other-
wise.
claims erom insurrectionary states.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask unanimous consent to
submit another resolution, which I have been
requested to present by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence.]
There being no objection, leave was granted;
and
Mr. HIGBY submitted the following res-
olution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
reii? " 's ,a'leS°d that a claims commission of
tne War Department is now in session in Washing-
ton which has allowed to citizens of States lately
m rebellion claims growing out of the destruction
or appropriation of or damages to property by the
Army 01 tho United States while engaged in sup-
Pressing the rebellion, some of which claims have
