o
1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1127
been paid—all of which, according to the uniform
understanding previously in this Congress, is with-
out authority of law: Therefore,
lleftolved. That the Committee of Claims be, and
are, instructed to ascertain whether such claims coin-
mission exists, the authority therefor; whether said
commission has allowed any claim or claims without
authority of law; whether, if so, thoy have been paid,
and by what authority; whether any appropriation
has been made therefor, and what law, if any, may be
ncccssary or proper, and that said committee report
 5r bill or otherwise.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I desire to
submit to the House a statement 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Hiuby] has called the previous
question.
Mr. McKEE. The proper place to go to
ascertain the facts on this subject is the quar-
termaster's department. The Quartermaster
General can furnish the House all the informa-
tion that may be desired.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I have a state-
ment which I send to the Clerk's desk to be
read. It is from a responsible source, and will
show the necessity 
I he SPEAKER. If the resolution gives rise
to debate, it must go over under the rule.
Mr. MclvEE. I rise to debate the question.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Let the state-
Is there objection to the
ment be read
The SPEAKER.
statement being read ?
There was no objection.
The Clerk read as follows:
"One Dr. William P. Jones, of Nashville, presented
a claim before a " claims' commission of tho War De-
partment" for use of and damages to property taken
by our Army in 1802, for fortifications, &c. A fort or
forts were erccted, and it was occupied, as claimed,
until November 27, 1866, This claims commission
allowed him a percentage for use of tho property,
estimated upon its supposed value of $45,000 at tho
timu of it< appropriation  $5,921 51
And estimating the depreciation of the
property at $33,000, they allowed him two
thirds ns damages ,  2,3,333 33
Total §29,251 8i
.They al-^o found that he should be reimbursed all
United States, State, and municipal taxes, but tho
amount is not fixed. This was approved and eon-
firmed by L. II. Pelouze, assistant adjutant general,
and referred to tho engineer department and paid
bj^ James Everleth, one of its agents.
"The question whether the payment could bo cred-
ited by the accounting officers to Mr. Kvcrleth was
sent by the-Third Auditor to the Second Comptroller's
office of tho Treasury Department. A leporfc was
made that it was tho established public policy of
Government not to recognize and settle this class of
cases, at least for tho present, and that tho only tri-
bunal. the Court of Claims, had been deprived of
jurisdiction, and no appropiiations had been made,
Arc., and the whole question being with Congress,
A'c., and that Everleth could not be credited, &c.
This has been adopted by the Second Comptroller,
but this does not remedy the evil. The money has
been paid, and possibly can never be restored. And
how much more has been and will be paid in the
same way there isno telling. Precisely similarclaims,
and one even from Nashville, have been presented
to the accounting officers, and payment invariably
refused."
Before the Clerk had concluded the reading
of the foregoing statement,
Mr. McKEE said: I rise to a point of order.
I submit that the reading of this document is
in the nature of debate on the resolution and
is not in order.
The SPEAKER,. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The House, by unanimous con-
sent., granted leave that the statement might
be read. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
McKee] probably had his attention drawn
away at the moment.
The Clerk concluded tho reading of the state-
ment.
_ On seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion there were—ayes 20, noes 31: no quorum
Toting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers, and appointed Mr. Lawresce, of Ohio,
and Mr. Spalding.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I ask my colleague
[Mr. Lawrence] to yield to me that I may
offer an amendment.
The SPEAKER. The House is now divid-
ing, no quorum having voted.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes seventy-three, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered; and und^r
t he operation thereofthe resolution was adopted.
_ Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which tho resolution was
adopted, and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. DEMING asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House the papers
in relation to the claim of Mrs. Almira Thomp-
son, provided copies be left.
minting report mail contracts, etc.
Mr. ISOUTWELL submitted the following
resolution, on vfhich he demanded the previous
question: *
Resolved, That tlie Committee on Printing be
instructed to roport tho propriety and probable cost
of printing tho annual report of contracts and mail
service of the Post Office Department for tho year
ending Juno 30, 18G6; also tho same to December 31.
1866.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BIDWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
stationery, etc., for members.
Mr. BIDWELL also submitted tho following
resolution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That tho Clerk bo authorized to pay tho
members of this liouso from the State of Tcnncssco
the usual newspaper and stationery allowancetor the
first session of the present Congress.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordeied; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BIDWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was passed ; and
also moved to lay tho motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
claims against great britain.
Mr. McllUER submitted tho following reso-
lution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That in the opinion of this I[ont,c tho
Government of tho United States should bo guided
in tho prosecution of thoolaimsof its citizens against
the Government of Or at Britain for depredations
of tho Alabama and other Anglo-rebel cruisers by
the same dispatch and emphasis that characterized
the Government of Great Britain in tho settlement
of their demand upon this Government arising iiom
the capture of Mason and Slidell from tho Trout.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. MeRUER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved that tho motion to reconsider be laid
on tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
assistant stenographer.
Mr. WINDOM submitted the following res-
olution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the assistantstenographor appointed
under resolution of the Ifouso of July ifi, 1865, bo
continued in office during the next Congress and until
otherwise ordered.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
14, noes 20; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rules, ordered
tellers; and appointed Messrs. Wisdom and
Scofield.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Have we the right to
select officers for the next Congress? If we
can do this, why not select a Speaker and a
Clerk for the next House?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is this the stenog-
rapher for committees ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
The question was again taken ; and the tellers
reported no votes in the affirmative.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. ANCONA rose to debate the resolution,
and it went over under the rules.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. HENDERSON submitted the following
resolutions, on which ho demanded the pre-
vious question. .
1-, Resolved, That when the people of any State or
States of tins Union renounce tho authority of tho
Constitution and laws thereof, and niako war upon
the same, they thereby forfeit all rights and priv-
ileges they emoyixUndor such Constitution and laws.
2. Resolved, That all authority to govern and con-
trol men and things within tho boundaries of such
Stato or states thereafter rightfully and properly
reverts to tho Government of tho United States.
3. Resolved, The Union primarily consists in tho
existence of one paramount Government over all
States and Territories within the boundaries of the
United States.
4. Resolved, Thatthe war lately waged against, trait-
ors was not to uphold and sustain State authority in
Stato organizations, but to uphold and maintain
national authority in all its territory.
5. Resolved, That tho Union has not been divided,
and that it is not divisible.
Mr. LE BLOND. I make the point of order
that these resolutions under the rules go to
the joint Committee on Reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order, as the first resolution declares
they thereby forfeit all rights and privileges
they enjoyed under such Constitution and laws,"
one^ of which rights was representation, and
subjects relating to the representation of the
so-called confederate States are to be referred
without debate. The resolutions therefore are
referred to the joint select Committee on Re-
construction.
removals from office.
The next business in order was the consider-
ation of the following resolutions offered by Mr.
Dnicos, and which laid over under tho rules:
Revolved, That the Secretary of the Interior bo,
and he is hereby, requested to communicate to this
House tho following information, namely:
1. Tho numborand names inoaeh of tho States and
Territories of all registers androcciversofland offices.
Indian agents, commissioners, and other poisons em-
ployed in his Department who liavo been removed
since the adjournment of the lnstscssion of Congress,
together with tho names of their successors, and the
causes and reasons in each caso for such removals
and appointments.
2. wiicthor the salaries or emoluments of persons
so appointed have been increased from thoso oftheir
predecessors; and if so, to what extent in each caso
and in the aggregate.
The resolutions were adopted.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDou-
aui, its Chief'Clerk, announced that the Senate
had passed bills of the following titles, in which,
ho was directed to ask the concurrence ol' the
House :
An act (S. No. 527) to amend tho postal
laws, and for other purposes ;
An act (S. No. 838) for the relief of Henry
Greathouse and Samuel Kelley ;
An act (S. No. *170) to authorize tho change
of a name;
An act (S. No. 529) to incorporate the How-
ard University in the District of Columbia; and
An act (S. No. 175) to incorporate the Phar-
maceutical Association of the District.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed an act (II. It. No. 234) to
incorporate the National Capitol Insurance
Company, with amendments, in which tho con-
currence of tho House was requested.
Also, without amendment, an act (II. R.
No. 183) concerning the fire department of
Washington city.
equality of suffrage.
The next resolutions lying over under tho
rules were the following, offered by Mr. Noell
on tho 4th of February :
Resolved, That Governments were made for the
people, and not the people for the Government; that
every adult citizen of sound mind in any State or
Territory has the right to a voice in tho formation
of the constitution of said State, and in the repre-
sentation and laws of said State, and that any Stato
which disfranchises any class of its citizens on ac-
count of sex is not republican in form and should be
overturned by Congress.
Reiidved, That the Committee for the District of
Columbia is hereby instructed toreport to-this House,
without delay, a bill so amending an act entitled
" An act to regulate the elective franchise in the Dis-
trict of Columbia," which passed Congress January
8, 18(37, as to abolish the dislranchisemcnt of persons
from voting on account of sox.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary are
instructed to report a bill calling a convention and
