1804
THE CONXJRESSIGN'AL GLGS&
February 23,
Mr. WADE. I only wish to say now, by way
of giving notice, that there is a bill on that
whole Mormon subject, prepared by the Com-
mittee on Territories, that I have been looking
anxiously for a time when I could press it with
some hope of its passage. It has been pre-
pared with great deliberation by gentlemen
who perfectly understand all these difficulties.
The fact is, that now, as I understand it, Brig-
ham Yotmg claims the whole Territory as be-
longing to the church, and no man probably
would be safe in going and locating there unless
he had the power of the Government to back
him in it. I do not suppose that a man could
go there and procure a title from the United
States with any kind of safety. I have no ob-
jection, however, to extending the land district
over there; but I do not believe it would be
effectual at all unless a great many other pro-
visions were made beforehand. I intend to '
bring that bill up just as soon as I can for the
purpose of settling the difficulties, so far as we
can do it, that prevail there, and have for a
long time.
Mr. HOWARD. I hardly think the time ;
has come yet for establishing a land office in
Utah; and I think we had better postpone that
measure until the next session of Congress at
least, and perhaps for the whole year; but at
the same time I see the necessity of taking
some measures to introduce the land system
into Utah as speedily as is practicable. I have
been told upon pretty good authority, at least
I consider it such, that it would be unsafe now i
for a public surveyor to enter that Territory :
for the purpose of making surveys and marking j
the lines of sections and sub-division of sec- i
tions. Such is the turbulent and discontented
condition of the Dgople there, and their pecu- !
liar temper, that Isuppose there is real danger
of violence to the men whom we should em-
ploy in that service. I understand that the pres-
iflent of the so-called Church of Latter-Day
Saints directs his followers to obliterate every
mark that may be made or that ever has been
made by surveyors in that Territory, he claim-
ing the whole country for the saints, and using
all his influence to prevent immigration into
the Territory. Why, sir, it is a fact that the
power of Young has become so great there in
connection with4iis church that the Legisla-
ture of the Territory, in violation of the organic i
law, actually makes grants of lands in various
places in the Territory, what they call herding- j
lots and pasture-lots, and water privileges and j
ferry privileges, and a great variety of such ;
matters, in complete violation of the organic 1
act of the Territory, which prohibits the Legis-
lature from interfering with the primary dis-
posal of the soil by the United States.
I will not go further, for I dislike to inter-
rupt the honorable Senator from Indiana. I
think myself the time has not yet come. I
think we had better take up the bill of my hon-
orable friend from Ohio at as early a day as
practicable, and endeavor to introduce some-
thing like a regular administration of the laws
in that Territory before we proceed to estab-
lish land offices there.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, every
year adds to the difficulties under the existing
policy. The hue and cry against Mormonism
has been the theme of party harangue and
stump speech, and partyism has appealed to it
for votes; but a sound and An so policy on the
subject has never been adopted by any party.
Mr. Buchanan sent an army out there once,
and I believe he sent forty thousand yoke of
oxen with the army ; and what did it amount
to? Suppose the men in Utah have more
wives than one, and a great number of children,
almost as many as Job had in ancient times ;
what are you to do with them? Are you going
to send an army there and shoot them? It
cannot be done. The army has Failed, you
have sent the judiciary there; you have sent
the laws of Congress" there; and they have
amounted to nothing. That Territory is given
up to that church ; and it is not right, sir.
We are told that the time has not come.
Each year adds perhaps five thousand to the
Mormon population, and not one to the Gentile
population; and yet the time has not come.
The population now is one hundred thousand.
When there are one hundred and fifty thousand
Mormons there, will the time then have come?
Mr. President, the time has come to encourage
settlements, to encourage the people to go into
the desirable localities of Utah. The Army has
been tried; the judiciary has been tried. I do
not look to either of these as a remedy. I
look to the force of public opinion among a
people who shall settle there, a population that
will control the local legislation. Congressional
legislation is as light as thin air; it amounts to
nothing against it. We have tried it. We have
prohibited polygamy; and there has never been
a verdict or a judgment rendered under the law,
and cannot be. You cannot execute a law by
the courts or otherwise until you have a public
opinion coming up from a population in sup-
port of it. That is exactly what I want to see
in Utah.
But, sir, I have now had an opportunity to
express my views on this subject. I am not
afraid to say that legislation wise and just ought
t(H)e extended to Utah. If I were I would
not be fit to be here. But as the Senator hav-
ing this bill in charge thinks that this amend-
ment would endanger the bill, I do not wish to
do that. I have done my duty. I was over-
ruled in the committee on this subject and will
now yield to what seems to be the desire of the
Senate, and will withdraw the amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to call up the
special order, unless Senators are ready to take
a vote on this bill now.
Mr. STEWART. There will be no more
discussion.
Mr. CONNESS. With the permission of
both Senators, I desire to say one word. I
shall not occupy any time. When the Senator
from Indiana began his last remarks I under-
stood him to express an utter contempt for
prejudices in legislation. I do not know to
what extent my friend imputed that to myself
in what I had said.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Not at all.
Mr. CONNESS. I supposed not; but it
appeared that way.
Sir. HENDRICKS. Not at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Public lands.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in, and ordered to be engrossed, and the bill
to be read a third time. It was read a third
time, and passed. -
On motion of Mr. STEWART, the title of
the bill was amended so as to read: "A bill to
create the office of surveyor general in the
Territory of Montana, and establish a land
office in the Territories of Montana and Ari-
zona.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I wish to ask the Sen-
ate to take up House bill No. 280, a bill which
I am confident will not occupv five minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can only
be considered by unanimous consent.
Mr. HENDERSON. I cannot consent. I
want to go on with the regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill alluded to by the Senator
from Iowa cannot be proceeded with. The
unfinished business is the Indian appropria-
tion bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1039) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
department and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes for the year ending
30th of June, 1868, the pending question be-
ing on the amendment of Mr. Sherman to the
amendment proposed by Mr. Henderson.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I ask for the reading
of the amendment and of the amendment to
the amendment.
The Secretary read them. The amendment
was on page 62, after line fifteen hundred and
five to insert: •
For feeding about six thousand Navajo Indians,
now prisoners at Fort Sumner,from the 1st of March
to the 30th of June. 1867, and forfeeding said Indians
during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868, $670,000.
The amendment to the amendment was to
strike out all after the word " for" in the first
line and to insert:
Belief of the Navajo Indians now at or near Fort
Sumner, to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior,$100,000: Provided, That no
rations or supplies shall bo furnished to said Indians
by the War Department after the 1st day of July
next.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to know how
much now is appropriated to these prisoners
of war, as they are called.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment to the
amendment will make the appropriation
$100,000 instead of $670,000.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to hear both
the amendments reported again. I understand
that the Senator from Ohio offers this as a
substitute for the one that was pending when
we took the recess. I should like to hear them
! both read.
I The Secretary read them.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I feel
quite sure that if the attention of my honor-
] able friend from Ohio had been drawn to this
i question he never would have proposed such
! an amendment as the one now before us. Let
i me call his attention to the true state of the
case. I wish to bring to his attention the evi-
dence which has been taken upon this subject
on both sides of the question as to whether the
Indians should be kept upon this Navajo res-
ervation or whether they should be returned to
their own country. The committee who were
charged with this subject took a large amount
of testimony. They took the testimony of mil-
itary men ; they took the testimony of civil-
ians in New Mexico; and I wish, as a speci-
men of the testimony given on both sides,
both by the military men and by the civilians,
to call the attention of the Senate for a few
moments to what I will now read. This tes-
timony was taken a year ago last summer.
General Carleton was sworn, Major Eno3,
Captain Cary, Mr. Eaton, and many others.
Mr. CONNESS. Who took this testimony?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It was taken before the
committee of Congress.
Mr. CONNESS. What part of the com-
mittee?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. Foster and myself,
of the Senate, and Mr. Ross, of the House of
Representatives.
Mr. CONNESS. Where was it taken?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This was taken in New
Mexico.
Mr. CONNESS. What part?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This of Major Enos at
Fort Union; the testimony of General Carle-
ton was taken at Santa Fe ; and a large portion
of the testimony was taken at the Bosque
Redondo.
Mr. CONNESS. Do I understand that Gen-
eral Carleton testified?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir; but I do not
propose to read from General Carleton's testi-
mony at length. I will refer to the testimony
of Major Enos, of the regular Army. He says:
"I havfc been in New Mexico since November,
1856: am captain in the regular Army: I was an offi-
cer of the line until 1861, but am now in tho quar-
termaster's department: I have been acting in this
department almost all the time I have been in the
Territory. The principal military operations, indeed
all of them except when invaded by the Texnns in
1861 and 1862, have been connected with Indian
affairs, and mainly with the Navajoes, since I have
been in the department."
Now, will the Senate bear this in mind :
"Upon an average, from two to three regiments of
troops have been constantly required, since I have
been in tho Territory, to carry on military operations
against the Navajoes or to protect the inhabitants
against their depredations."
He states that he has been there for ten
years, since 185G. and from two to three regi-
ments of troops have been kept there all tlie
while, mainly either to make war upon the
