1128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
authorizing every adult citizen of sound mind in the
State of Massachusetts to vote for delegates to said
convention for the purpose of making a constitution
for said State republican in form.
The SPEAKER. The mover of the reso-
lutions not being present, the Chair recognizes
the gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I do not
desire to make a speech on this question, and
I will only ask to have read a memorial which
I have in my hand in lieu of any remarks
which I might make, provided I wanted to
make a speech.
The Clerk read as follows:
Memorial of the American Equal Rights Association
to the Congress of the United States.
The undersigned, officers and representatives of the
American Equal liights Association, respectfully but
earnestly protest against any change in the Consti-
tution of the United States, or legislation by Uon-
grcsb which shall longer violate the principle of re-
publican government by proscriptive distinctions in
rights ofsuffrago and citizenship on accountof color
or .vox.
Your memorialists would respectfully reprcsentthat
neither the colored man's loyalty, bravery on the
battle-field, and general good conduct, nor woman's
heroic devotion to liberty and hercountry, in peace
and war, havo yet availed to admit thcin to equal
citizenship, oven in this onlightened and republican
nation.
We bulicvo that humanity is one in all those intel-
lectual, moral, and spiritual attributes out of which
grow human responsibilities. The Scripture declar-
ation is, "so God crcatedman in his own image; male
and feinalo created he them." And all divine legis-
lation throughout tho realm of nature recognizes the
perfect cqualityot tho two conditions. Ifor maleand
ibmalo are but diiferent conditions.
Neither color nor sex is over discharged from obe-
dience to law, natural or moral, written or unwrit-
ten. The commands, thou shalt not steal, nor kill,
nor commit adultery, know nothing of sex in their
demands; nothing in their penalty. And hence we
believe (hat all human legislation which is at vari-
nwo with the divmo codo is essentially unrighteous
and unjust.
Wom.m and the colored man nro taxed to support
many Jifei.tiy and liumuno institutions, into which
they never come, except in tho poorly paid capacity
of monial servants. Woman has been lined, whipped,
branded with red hot irons, imprisoned, and hung;
but. when was woman over tried by a jury of her
peers?
Though tho nation declared from the beginning
that "all just governments derive their powers from
the consent of tho governed," the consent of woman
was never asked to a single statute, however nearly
it ulloetod her dearest womanly interests or happi-
ness. In the despotisms of the Old World, of ancient
and modern times, woman, prolligare, prostituto,
we:ilc,< iiicl, tyrannical or otherwise, from Semiramis
and iUe^uiinu to Gatharmo of Kussia and Margaret
of Anjon, have swayed, unchallenged, imperial scep-
ters; wlnloin this republican and Christian land, in
the nineteenth century woman, intelligent, relincd
m every ennobjing gift and giaee, may not even vote
on the appropriation of her own property, or the dis-
posal and destiny of her own children. Literal Iv she
has 110 rights which man is bound to respect; and her
civil privileges she holds only by sufferance. For the
power that gave can take away, and of that power
she is no part. In most of tho States these unjust
distinctions apply to woman and to tho colored man
alike.
Your memorialists fully bcliovo that tho time has
come wneti such injustice should ceaso.
W oni.m and tho colored man arc loyal, patriotic,
property-holding, tax-paying, liberty-loving citi-
zen:-, and wo cannot bcliovo that sex or complexion
should bo any ground lor civil or political degrada-
tion.
in our Government ono half tho citizens aro dis-
lraueliHed by their sox, and about ono eighth by the
color of their skin; and thus a largo majority havo
no voire in enacting or oxecutins the laws they aro
taxed to support and compelled to obey wii.h the
same fidelity as the more favored class, whose usurped
prerogative it. is to rule.
Against such outrages on the vory name of repub-
lican freedom your memorialists do and must ever
prot est. And is not our protest preeminently as just
against the tyranny of " taxation without represent-
ation iks was that thundered from Hunker Ilill
when our revolutionary fathers fired the shot that
shook the world?
your memorialists especially remember, at this
time, unit our country is still reeling under the shock
war.' ,the legitimate result and
o>r<} i ictnbutioa ol the vilest slave system ever
ihl .An(i "1 restoring tho founda-
^P,.H,, itv^,w^^Q10n hy your memorialists most re-
spectfully and earnestly pray that all discriminations
on account of sex or race may be removed, and that
ouj Go\ernraent may be republican in fact as well as
foim; a Government by the people, and the whole
people ; tor the people, and the whole people,
tion American Equal Bights Associa-
LUCRETIA MOr%
Preside ni.
THEODORE TILTON.
FREDERICK DOUGLASS,
ELIZABETH CADVSTANTON,
Vice Presidents.
SUSAN B. ANTHONY,
Secretary,
^Before the Clerk had concluded the reading
ofthe above,
Mr. SPALDING- moved that the gentleman
from Wisconsin have leave to print the re-
mainder. [Laughter. ]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin is entitled to the floor for one hour.
Mr. SPALDING. Then I insist that he
shall read the paper himself. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman shall not
dictate to me about reading a speech. [Laugh-
ter.] The Clerk has read the greater portion
oftlie memorial, and all 1 wanted to have read.
My object in presenting it was that the distin-
guished ladies who sent it might have a hear-
ing in this House, as no advocate of their rights
was present at the time the resolutions came
up. I am not their advocate, but as I see the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Noell] is now
present I will yield to one who will advocate
their course, as he has always done by his acts
and words. [Laughter.]
Mr. NOELL then addressed the House, but
before concluding the morning hour expired,
and the resolutions went over till Monday next
in the morning hour.
tax bill.
Mr. MORRILL, from tho Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill to amend
existing laws relating to internal revenue;
which was referred to tho Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that this bill be
made a special order for Wednesday evening
next at seven o'clock, and from day to day
until disposed of.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I object.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say, in connec-
tion with the motion I have submitted, that if
we oxpect to act on this bill and tho tariff bill
at this session it is indispensably necessary that
we shall now order evening sessions.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to say that the
bill for the equalization of bounties has been
shoved aside week after week. I intend that
its consideration shall not be further postponed
in this way if I can prevent it by objecting to
the making of additional special orders.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Ohio that this bill if made
a special order will be a special order in the
Committee of the Whole ; and as it cannot be
considered unless a majority decide to go into
the Committee of the Whole it cannot inter-
fere with the bounty bill, which would be con-
sidered in the House.
Hr. SCHENCK. But a member of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means can at any time
move to go into the Committee of the Whole.
If the bill now reported is not made a special
order in Committee of the Whole, the motion
cannot be made to go into the Committee of
the Whole for its consideration.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to suspend the
rules so as to make the bill a special order
for Wednesday evening next at seven o'clock,
and from day to day until disposed of.
On tho motion there wore—ayes 84, noes 40.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended; and the motion of Mr.
Morrill was agreed to.
boston custom-iiouse.
Mr. HULBURD, by unanimous consent,
submitted from the Committee on Public Ex-
penditures a report, with accompanying testi-
mony, relative to the Boston custom-house ;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PLAN TS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the views of a minority of the same
committee on the same subject; which were
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROLLINS. 1 move that two thousand
extra copies of botb reports be printed for the
use of the House, and five hundred copies of
the evidence.
The SPEAKER. That motion goes to the
Committee on Printing under the law.
cypress hill cemetery, new yobk.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution:
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Besolved, That the Committee on Appropriations
}>e requested to inquire into the propriety of appro-
priating a sum sufficient to enable the trustees of the
Cypress Hill Cemetery, Long Island, New York, to
place head-stones to the graves of soldiers buried in
said cemetery during the war, inclosing the grounds,
and erecting a suitable and appropriate monument
on the same.
printing tax bill.
Mr. ANC0NA, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred under the law to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House one thousand copies extra of the bill amend-
ing the internal revenue laws, reported from the
Committee on Ways and Means this day.
expenses of judiciary committee.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. 1 ask unanimous
consent to offer the following resolution,
which I have been instructed by the Committee
on the Judiciary to present:
JResohed, That the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives be, and is hereby, directed to pay out of the
contingent fund of tho House, upon the order of the
Committee on the Judiciary, such sum or sums of
money, not exceeding $10,000 in the aggregate, as
may be necessary to enable the said committee to
prosecute the several investigations committed to its
charge.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to suspend
the rules.
Tho SPEAKER. That cannot be done at this
time, as the House is now acting under a sus-
pension of the rules, if there be any objection.
There was no objection.
Mr. ROSS. I make the point of order, that
under the rules it must go to the Committee
ofthe Whole on the state of the Union.
T4ie SPEAKER. That can be suspended
as well as other rules.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
new orleans riot.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that the rules be sus-
pended in order to permit me to submit a
report from the select Committee on the New
Orleans Riots, accompanied by a bill, on which
I shall ask action at this time.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT then, from the select Committee
on the New Orleans Riot, submitted the evi-
dence taken by the authority of the House, to-
gether with the report ofthe majority thereon ;
and moved that they be laid on the table and
ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOYER, by unanimous consent, from
the same committee, submitted the views of
the minority; and moved that they be laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed with
the majority report.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution ; which, under the
law, was referred to the joint Committee on
Printing:
Besolved, That twenty thousand extra copies ofthe
reports, and ten thousand of the evidence taken by
the Committee on tho New Orleans Riot he printed
for the use of the members of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
civil government in louisiana.
Mr. ELIOT, from tho same committee, re-
ported a bill for the reestablishment of civil
government in the State of Louisiana. It was
read a first and second time, and ordered to be
printed.
Ihe bill was read in extenso, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Some of Represent-
atives of the Untied States of America %in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
