364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
of members chosen every second year by the people
°u several States, and the electors in each State
iii "ave the qualifications requisite for electors
of the most numerous branch of the State Legisla-
ture." 6
Now, according to all construction, that has
ever been put upon that section of the Consti-
tution, the right of a State to prescribe the
qualifications for the "electors of the most nu-
merous "branch of its own assembly has been
recognized. Does the Senator or anybody-
else pretend that- Congress can prescribe the
qualifications for the voters in the State of Ne-
braska for the members of its own Legislature?
If the Constitution of the United States confers
that power upon one State, it confers the same
power upon all the States; and when Nebraska
is'changed from aTerritorytoaState, the Con-
stitution, independent and regardless of any
legislation by Congress, endows tiiat State with
this constitutional right. No law of Congress
ean deprive a State of any constitutional right.
If this act of admission should prescribe as a
fundamental condition that the State of Ne-
braska should have but one Senator in Con-
gress, I will ask the honorable Senator if it
would be a valid and binding condition?
Reference has been made to conditions at-
tached to other acts of admission; but the
honorable Senators who have referred to those
acts as precedents have failed to make a pal-
pable distinction between the two cases. I
undertake to say that no reference can be made
to any condition attached to any act of admis-
sion that was at the time in conflict with the
constitution of the State or of the United States.
The point which I make upon this amendment
is, that it is in conflict with the Constitution of
the United States as well as in conflict with
the constitution of the State. Nebraska at this
time is a Territory. Congress has an un-
doubted right to prescribe the qualifications of
voters in that Territory; but when Nebraska
becomes a State the right of Congress ceases.
Otherwise there is no difference between a
State and a Territory, and both stand-upon the
same footing so far as the power of Congress
is concerned. That is the view that I take of
this proposed condition; that it cannot be
valyl because it is in conflict with the Consti-
tution of the United States, and the State1,
when it is changed from a Territory, acquires
under the Constitution a right that cannot be
taken away by any legislation on the part of
Congress.
Now, it is claimed thatat this time, because
Nebraska is a Territory, Congress can enact
some law that will operate in Nebraska after
Nebraska becomes a State which Congress
cannot enact after the act of admission is
passed. I think there is a gross fallacy in that
position. It is for these reasons, in brief,
without undertaking to elaborate the subject,
as it has been very thoroughly discussed, that
I have opposed these amendments. I cannot
consent to vote in this Senate for a doctrine
which recognizes the right of Congress to say
that a new State admitted into the Union shall
not have the same rights in the Union under
the Constitution that any of the old States
have. I do not believe that it is right or con-
stitutional for Congress to make any distinc-
tion between States; and I say that when
Nebraska is admitted into the Union and her
Senators and Representatives take their seats
on the floors of Congress, Nebraska in the
Union has precisely the same power under the
Constitution of the United States to control
the right of suffrage that Vermont or New
York has.
These are my views of the amendment; but
I shall vote for the bill as amended. These
views have been overruled by a majority of the
Senate. I believe it is of great importance
to the people of Colorado that that Terri-
tory should be made a State, and I do not
intend to allow a measure of this importance
to be defeated, so far as my vote is concerned,
because an amendment has been attached to
the bill which I have opposed, and which, in
my judgment, will have no force and effect.
I will state one other objection to this amend-
ment. When Colorado is admitted with this
amendment attached to the bill the people of
that State will be unable to determine what
right or power they have over this question.
Send this constitution with this amendment
attached to it, accompanied by the conflicting
views thathave been expressedhere to-day upon
the subject, to the people of Colorado, and
what decision can they make as to their rights ?
Controversy, confusion, and possibly disorder
will be introduced into that Territory by the
various constructions that may be put upon this
amendment. Some will contend that this
amendment, as has been admitted by some of
its supporters here, is invalid; and so the people
will be divided ; doubts upon the subject will
obtain; controversies will arise; and it will be,
as it seems to me, more.of an injury to the
people than an advantage ; and I doubt very
much whether it will secure to the class of per-
sons for whose benefit it is brought forward
those rights which it is intended to secure to
them. So long as so many of the honorable
Senators here have stood upon this floor and
acknowledged that it was invalid, those who are
opposed to it in Colorado will take advantage
of that exposition of the amendment in the
Senate and claim that it has no force and effect.
My opinion is that this application ought to
have been rejected or it ought to have been
adopted; the State ought to have been com-
pelled to change its constitution in accordance
with the wishes of Congress, or it should have
been admitted with a constitution such as the
people choose to make ; and I regret that this
amendment has been adopted, not because I
think it will affect anything in Colorado, but I
am apprehensive that we have put upon the
record a precedent here to-day that will return
to plague the inventors.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I do not
know how far the moral criticism of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] was
designed to be applicable to me. I have only
to say, however, in reference to the vote which
I gave, that I cast it in accordance with my
convictions of what I conceived to be right and
proper under the circumstances; and further
to say that in casting that vote, as in easting
any vote which I may see proper to do, I hold
myself responsible to my own conscience, and
not to the Senator from Wisconsin. I imagine
that honorable Senator will have quite as much
as he will find himself able to do if he takes
care of matters that affect himself, and allows
his brother Senators to be the judges of what
is proper in the discharge of their own duty.
I have now nothing to take back in regard
to the remarks which I made. I simply voted
in the first place against the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont because I was opposed
to it. I shall vote for th® bill with that amend-
ment attached to it because I am in favor of
the principle of the bill and of the admission
of Colorado as a State into the Union. I be-
lieve that the amendment is simply nugatory
and no more; that it can have no effect upon the
people of Colorado. If I believed that it could
have, I would be the last man to attempt to
impose upon them a law which I believed to
be unconstitutional so as to affect in anywise
their interests contrary to the Constitution of
the United States; but I say now, as I said
then, that I consider the amendment simply
and only as nugatory, having no effect what-
ever to affect the interests or the rights of the
people of Colorado; and desiring the admis-
sion of that Territory into the Union as a State,
and desiring it now, I propose, being respon-
sible to my own sense of what is right and to
my own conscience, not to the Senator from
Wisconsin, to cast my vote in favor of the bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
from West Virginia certainly misunderstood
all that I said if he understood me to question
at all the sincerity of his views or his conscien-
tious convictions in voting upon this or any |
other bill. I never have entertained any such i
idea oflhe Senator from West Virginia. For his :
high moral sense and convictions of duty I have !
an exceedingly high respect, and always have '
entertained it. What I did say, substantially,
was this: that I could not see how I could
reconcile it, in my view of my duty, to the oath
which I had taken, to vote for a proposition
which I saw was unconstitutional, and then
justify my vote upon the ground that by being
unconstitutional it was simply nugatory and of
no effect. I cannot reconcile that for myself.
Other gentlemen, perhaps, may clo so. I do
not question the sincerity of their convictions,
nor have I assumed to do so; bat so far as my
judgment is concerned, as it seems to me, in
the line of my duty, having sworn to support
the Constitution of the United States, I cannot
vote for a proposition which I conceive to be
in violation of the Constitution of the United
States, although, bceausc it is in violation of
the Constitution, it is null and void, and amounts
to nothing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not ^propose to go
into any further argument on this subject with
my friend from Oregon or with any other gen-
tleman who is disposed to disagree with the
views which I have advanced. Posterity will
decide between them and me. The principles
of liberty which the amendment contains, I
think, will have some little growth out of this
bill. It is now, having been adopted, as they
suppose, the body of Moses to us all. I am
not disposed to bring against them any railing
accusation, but to leave another tribunal to
administer the necessary rebuke.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. GRIMES and Mr. JOHNSON called
for the yeas and nays on the passage of the
bill, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 11; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Con-
ness, Cragin, Creswell, Edmunds, Fowler, Henderson,
Howard, Kirkwood, Lane, Morrill, Poland; Bamsey,
Ross, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Van Winkle,
Wade, Willey, and Williams—23.
NAYS — Messrs. Buekalew, Doolittle, Foster,
Grimes, Hendricks, Johnson, Morgan, Nesmitk,
Norton, Patterson, and Riddle—11.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brown, Cowan, Davis, Dixon,
Fessenden, Fogg, Frelinghuysen, Guthrie, Harris,
Ilowe, McDougall, Nye, Pomeroy, Saulsbury,
Sprague, Trumbull, Wilson, and Yates—18.
So the bill was passed.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENTS.
Mr. WADE. I move now to take up House
bill No. 508. It relates to this same subject,
and I want to get through with it as quick as I
can.
Mr. EDMUNDS. _ What is that?
Mr. WADE. It is a bill to prevent here-
after any distinction on account of color in
any of the Territories belonging to the United
Statesi
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will be debated.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh no, I think not. Let
us pass it through now. Let us crown what we
have done to-day with that.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 508) to
amend the organic acts of the Territories of
Nebraska, Colorado, Dakota, Montana,Wash-
ington, Idaho, Arizona, Utah, and New Mex-
ico.
Mr. WADE. I move to strike out all after
the enacting clause of the bill and to insert
what I send to the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
an amendment pending to the bill, which will
be read.
Mr. WADE. Would it not be in order to
amend by striking out the whole bill and the
pending amendment and inserting this substi-
tute?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. While the
present amendment is pending, the motion of
the Senator from Ohio would not be in oider.
It will be in order immediately after disposing
of the amendment now pending, which is to
strike out the [ninth] third section of the bill,
as follows:
Sec. [9] 3. And be it further enacted. That within the
Territories aforesaid there shall be no demal of the
elective franchise to citizens of the United States be-
cause of race or color, and all persons shall be equal
before the law. And all acts or parts of acts, either
