1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1805
Navajoes, or to protect the Mexicans against
the depredations of the Navajoes.
" From earliest history they have been at war with
the Mexicans. I hare conversed with people eighty
years of age, who state that when they were boys they
had been at war with the Navajoes; and since our
acquisition of the Territory from Mexico that same
state of hostilities, in the main, has continued between
them and the people of New Mexico. I have never
ascertained the annual expense of these regiments.
I think in the quartermaster's department the ex-
pense of an infantry regiment would be annually
irom two hundred and fifty to three hundred thousand
dollars, and a cavalry regiment five to six hundred
thousand dollars per annum. This would not include
the purchase of horses nor the payment of troops, but
simply the expense of the quartermaster's depart-
ment to keep the regiment in serviceable condition
and transportation. Since 1 have been in this depart-
ment there have been twelve to fifteen mounted com*
panies. In the fall of 1858 there was an expedition
against the Navajoes, under Colonel Miles; that ex-
pedition resulted in a treaty about December, 1858, by
which the Indians were not to pass east of a certain
lino, and they were not to resist the passage of our
troops to explore the country. In the summer of 1859
an expedition, under Major Simondson, was sent into
their country. This was not hostile; there were no
hostilitieswhile they were in the country; as soon as
withdrawn, depredations were committed by the In-
dians in September or October. In the summer of
1860 an expedition was sent against them, under Col-
onel Canby; portions of tour regiments, some fifteen
hundred troops, perhaps two thousand, employed
directly or indirectly. This war continued into the
winter; operations carriedonuntilinto March; con-
siderable stock taken; many killed; Indians reduced
so that they came in and begged for peace and pro-
visions. Hostilities were suspended and the troops
withdrawn by the July following from the Territory;
only two companies of New Mexico volunteers were
kept in the country, at Faunt le Ray. I do not re-
member of any depredations in the summer of 1861 by
the Navajoes; they commenced again in January or
Februaiy of 1862, and continued them until another
expedition was organizedin 1863, under Gen eral Carle-
ton, commanding the department, and Kit Carson,
commanding the expedition. Ue entered their coun-
try in July, 1863, and continued through the winter
of 1863-64, and until several thousand surrendered
themselves to the military authorities at Forts Canby
and Wingate. The estimates of the Navajoes are from
five to ten thousand, and some as high as fifteen thou-
sand. From my best information there are eight
or nine thousand, judging from those surrendered
and estimates of those who remain in their country.
On 31st of December. 1861, there were on the reserva-
tion at the Bosque Redondo 8,354; this is based on
the census made by General Carleton. From my best
information I thiuk not over five hundred remain in
their old country. There are but two of the chiefs or
head men who have not surrendered or come in yet."
He here states in very clear and concise terras
the grounds upon which the military depart-
ment proposed to take these Indians from their
country and put them on a reservation:
" The grounds upon which the military authorities
have thought it fit to remove the Navajoes and place
them on a reservation upon the Pecos are: 1. There
is not in their own country a sufficient body of land
situate together to make a sufficient reservation for
them and to produce grain for their subsistence. 2.
It is less expensive to feed them than to fight them.
3. That by removing them to their present reserva-
tion they are brought nearer the grain-producing
districts of New Mexico and the States, and can be
supported cheaper than on any reservation in their
own counter. 4. That one of the most favorable
routes to Arizona leads through the heart of the Nav-
ajo country. 5. Where they now are they are on
the extreme frontier settlements of New Mexico,
and removed from any thoroughfare or travelea
route through the country. 6. By their removal a
large grazing country is thrown open to settlement.
I think six to eight hundred men would be suffioient
to guard them on the reservation—half cavalry and
half infantry. In a few years the number could be
greatly reduced."
Here is the great reason which he gives:
"With the Navajoes in their own country, two or
three regiments of troops could not prevent them
from committing depredations. Where they are now
located six or eight hundred men are sufficient. I
have been personally on the reservation on the Pecds.
I think for farming by irrigation there is no better
country in New Mexico or Arizona. I think ten
thousand acres or more is capable of irrigation."
On taking other testimony, it was found by
the committer that there are about eighteen
thousand acres that are capable of being put
under cultivation— •
"The soil and the water sufficient for irrigable pur-
poses. The Navajoes in their own country cultivate
sm:ill patches by irrigation, apparently with as much
skill and care as the Mexican popu'ation generally.
They manufacture blankets in looms of their own
construction, some very celebrated for the beautiful
arrangement of colors and for durability. I have
stated the reasons upon which the military adminis-
tration of the Territory have based their action in
relation to the Navajoes."
T will state that the testimony of all the mili-
tary men we found concurred in these views.
The ground on wlflch they insisted that it was
economy in the Government to keep these
Navajoes upon this reservation was, that if you
allowed them to be in their own'country it would
require from two to three regiments to prevent
them from committing depredations upon the
Mexicans, whereas if they were put upon this
reservation, six or eight hundred troops for the
present would keep them there, and after a
while even a much less number of troops would
be sufficient. I have given you the military
I side of this question. The military department
, of New Mexico, against the remonstrances of
■ the Interior Department, against the remon-
i strances of Dr. Steck, who was the superintend-
1 ent of Indian affairs there, insisted upon this
I course of proceeding. Now, then, I will give
! you in a single word what was stated by Major
; Griner, who was once superintendent of Indian
affairs in New Mexico, and states in very clear
and concise language his opposition to this
project of bringing the Indians out of their own
country and putting them on a reservation.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator say, so
that I shall understand him as we go along,
whether he was at this reservation in New
Mexico ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I was.
Mr. CONNESS. Known as the Bosque Re-
dondo ? •
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I was.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator say whether
the title of that reservation is now in the United
States or not j whether he is certain on that
point?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have never donbted
it. I supposed of course it was vacant land
of the United States and so assumed and taken
there as a portion of our vacant territory. It
is a vast desert of country. There is not a
human being within thirty miles of it. I am
quite sure of that. There is hardly a place
where you can water a horse except on the
river.
Mr. SHERMAN. What do you Want troops
there for?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The military men say,
as Major Enos says, that it requires troops
there to keep these Indians on the reservation.
If you withdraw your troops from the reserva-
tion the Indians will commence going back to
their own country.
Mr. CONNESS. Do I understand the hon-
orable Senator to say that there is jiothing
produced on that reservation now?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir, there is not.
I will read some testimony on that subject of
Lieutenant Bristol directly, as that bears on
another point. I am giving the reasons for
and against putting them on the reservation.
Major Griner, who has lived in the Territory
since 1851, and who was at one time secretary
of the Territory, at one time agent of Indian
affairs, and lately has been an agent, I think,
of the Treasury Department, appointed when
Mr. Chase was Secretary of the Treasury 
Mr. CONNESS. A very bad record for any
roan.
Mr. DOOLITTLE; No, sir; Major Griner
bears a very high and enviable reputation.
Mr. CONNESS. I say that succession of
offices is a very bad record.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. To show you how frank
a man he is, he tells the story how he came to
be appointed, and I will read it for the infor-
mation of the Senate. He says:
"I came first to this Territory in 1851, staid until
1854, and then again in 1862, whero I have remained
since, with the exception of the time of the Texan
invasion. I came here first as Indian agent, and was
at first assigned to duty at Taos, as agent for the
Apaches ana Utes, but afterward acted as general su-
perintendent under Governor Calhoun, and traveled
over pretty muoh all the Territory. I was Indian
agent from 1851 until 1853, boiog then appointed sec-
retary. The groat difficulty in our ImtiMi policy is in
the selection of Indian agents, who arPfcenerally ap-
pointed for political services. Mr. Wingfield came
here as an agent because he was the friend of Mr.
Dawson, of Georgia; Mr. Wolley, an old roan of
seventy years of age, because he was the friend of
Mr. Clay; Mr. Weightman, because he wished to be
returned as Delegate; and myself, be :.iu*e I could
sing a good political yousr. Neither of us was by
habit or education better fitted to be Indian n?ent
than to follow any other bu*in«*s."
And then he goes on to condemn this policy
of selecting men for political services. My
friend will see that he is a very frank man, and
told the plain, honest truth. Now, he is speak-
ing on this subject, and he condemns the policy
as unwise of taking the Navajoes out of their
country and putting them on this reservation,
and here are his reasons, stated in very few
words:
"I think it very unwise and injudicious to place
them upon that reservation. First. That was really
Comanche country, and had never been ceded, and
was a cause of complaint by the Camanches, lor the
Navajoes were their hereditary enemies, and it was
abridging their hunting grounds by putting their
enemies upon it, the Bosque being to them a choice
hunting ground. Second. Taking tho Navujoes from
their own mountain country and placing them upon
the plains at the Bosque is one eauee of the mortality
said to have existed among them. Third. *There is
not sufficient extent of country to subsist so large a
population as a permanent location. Fourth. Pla-
cing the Navajoes and Apaches, two distinct tribes,
with different habits and customs, upon the same
reservation, the Navajoes being a working and think-
ing people; the Apaches lacking all those qualifica-
tions. Fifth. The immense cost to the Government,
which has been increased and must continue to* be.
Tho Navajoes are a pueblo Indian, as ruined build-
ings and acequias show in their country that in for-
mer times it has been occupied by pueblos. Their
habits, manners, dress, customs, and manufactures
are similar to pueblos. They were rich Indians, and
if let alone would have been so at this time, in my
opinion. I have seen the customs of the Mexican
Goyernment, after their crops were in, to make cam-
paignsagainst the Navajoes toget their stock, women,
ana children. The Mexicans paid no taxes, and their
forays upon tho Navajoes were to obtain the means to
carry on the Government of the department of New
Mexico."
That was under Governor Armigo, who was
sent out by Santa Anna before we came in pos-
session of the country. The New Mexicans
in fact made forays on the Navajoes to raise
the means to pay their taxes to the Mexican
Government:
"This was especially the case under Oovcrnor Ar-
migo, who had been Govern or and administered affairs
much like a dictator for the eleven years preceding
the taking possession by tho forces of the United
States under General Kearney, in 1846. My opinion
is that the Navajoes shonld be restored to their own
country and established in pueblos of say one thou-
sand men, with their families, in each pueblo, under
the charge of one good agent to eaeli pueblo, holding
him responsible for th« good behavior of thtf people.
Following as near as possible the Spanish mode of
establishing pueblos upon the model of those now
existing among us, I think in a few years they could
be made self-sustaining, of no cost to the Govern-
ment, aud a happy and prosperous people."
Now, Senators, I have given you, by reading
from the testimony of these two witnesses, the
testimony given on the military side of the
question, and the testimony which was given
by civilians who were opposed to this Bosque
Kedondo reservation.
Mr. STEWART. I want to get at the
exact facts ; and, if the Senator will allow me,
I wish to ask a question. The amount of
money to be appropriated I believe is $070,000?
i Mr. HENDERSON. That is it.
{ Mr. STEWART. And th« number of Indi-
uas, how many?
| Mr. DOOLITTLE. There are eight thou-
I sand of them.
Mr. STEWART. How many troops are
supposed to be necessary to keep theip there?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There are about six
hundred there now.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to know
whether the Senator will affirm that there are
eight thousand there, and that that many were
there when he was there?
Mr. STEWART. It is proposed to keep
them there with six hundred troops. Hew
many millions will that cost?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have not proposed
anything about that. I am telling the honor-
able Senator what the War Department, pur-
suing a policy that they have pursued for years,
have determined upon and have actually done,
and giving the precise siate of things. The
Indians have been captured.
Mr. STEWART. Is the Senator in favor
? I am opposed to it.
The War Department
held them there upon this reservation nail are
subjecting the Government to fin annual ex-
penditure in feeding the Indians of from one
and a quarter to one and a half million of dol-
of this appropriation 1
Mr. DOOLITTLE.
