1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1129
shall nominate, and by and with the advico and con-
sent of the Senate appoint, a Governor for the State
of Louisiana, who shall hold his office for -one year
unless sooner removed by the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, or unless sooner
superseded by a successor clected under the provis-
ions of this act. Such Governor so appointed shall
have attained the ago of thirty years, shall be a citi-
zen of the United States and of the State of Louisi-
ana. He shall not have held any office whatever
under the government of the so-called confederate
States nor of any Slatewhich recognized the author-
ity of such pretended government, lie shall not
have signed, voted for. or by speech or otherwise fa-
vored the act of secession of any State; nor shall 10
be any person who hut? ever held any office in tho
Army or Navy of the United States and who after-
ward took ah oath to support the said pretended
government; nor shall he be a person who was a
member of cither House of the Congress of theUnited
States after the lirst Monday in December, A. D. 18(30,
and who afterward took an oath to support the said
pretended government, nor shall ho be one who has
borne arms against the Government of tho United
States, or who has in any way given aid, counsel,
countenance, or encouragement to the late rebellion;
but shall be one who has at all times borne true faith
and allegiance to the Government of the United
States. And before such nomination shall be acted
upon by the Senate such nominee shall make tho
same oath (which shall be signed and filed with the
Secretary of the Senate) prescribed by first section ot
the act of 2d July, A. D. 18G2, and which oath idiall
also contain a declaration that tho nominee hastlono
no act which would work a disqualification for hold-
ing such office under the provisions of this act. p
Skc. 2. Be it fui titer enacted, That tho President
shall forthwith nominate, and by and with the advico
and consent of tho Senate appoint, a provisional
council, consisting of nine persons, who shall have
the same qualifications as are herein prescribed for
the office of Governor, and who, before being con-
firmed by tho Senate, shall on oath make, sign, and
file with said Sccrctaiy the same oath as is prescribed
for the Governor. Such councilors shall continuoto
hold their office, unless sooner removed by the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, until a Legislature shall be duly elected and
Qualified under the provisions of this act. Such pro-
visional council shall, with tho Governor, have all
legislative power in such State. But in nocvcnt shall
the Governor or any councilor enter upon the duties
of their respective offices until after confirmation
by the Senate. A majority of such council shall be a
quorum; and the same shall continue in permanent
session, with power, however, to order such adjoum-
mentsasm.iy be deemed proper, but no adjournment
shall be for moie than thiity day* atone time.
Sr:c. 3. />#  it further cnacted. That the Governor
shall forthwith take possession and charge of all
archives and other property belonging to the State;
and it shall be his duty to see that all laws of tho
State and of the United States shall be duly executed
within said State. Until all officers shall become
elective by the peoploas herein provided the Gov-
ernor shall nominate, and by and with the advico
and consent of the provisional council, shall appoint
and commission all the officers now provided for by
the existing government of .said State, or which may
hereafter be created by law. Such officer* shall hold
their offices unless sooner removed by the Governor,
Willi the advice and eunhent of the provision.il coun-
cil. until succe^ois «hnll be elected and qualified as
herein provided. And alleoimeilors, legislators, and
other members and otlicci s of t lie provisional govern-
ment hereby established, and also all the members
of the constitutional convention hereafter provided
for, shall be selected from such only as can truthfully
take the oath aforesaid, prescribed by the act of 2d
July, A. D. 18G2, and before entering upon the duties
of such office shall take and subscribe such oath,
which oath shall bo filed with and preserved by the
chief justice of the State.
Sun. 4. Be it further enacted, That unless otherwise
hereafter provided by Congress, the persons duly qual-
ified as doctors according to the provisions of this act,
intheStateof Louisiana,shall, upon the first Tuesday
ofJune, A. D.lbo", proceed to clcotaGovernor, Lieu-
tenant Governor, a Senate, and House of Representa-
tives and all tho other officers herein provided to bo
appointed; which Senate and House of Representa-
tives tdml! be composed of the same number of mem-
bers, and be elected from the same districts, as is pro-
vided under the present government of such State;
and the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Senators,
Representatives, and all the other officers of such
provisional government shall respectively hold their
officer for one year and until tlieirsuccessorsare duly
qualified, unless such officers are sooner removed or
superseded, in pursuance of tho other provisions of
this act. All such officers so elected shall have the
same qualifications and shall take, subscribe, and
file the same oath as is herein required in the casoof
the appointment of ouch officers. And the powers,
duties, fees, and compensation ofall such officers shall
be the same as now by law appertain to such oraces
respectively, in so far as such laws are not incon-
sistent with tho provisions of this act.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That the following
persons, and no others, shall be electors and en-
titled to vote at all elections held under the provis-
ions of this act, namely: every male citizen of the
United States, without distinction of race or color,
who has attained the age of twent>-one years and
has reside-d in Louisiana one year, and who has never
borne arms against the United States since he was a
citizen thereof, and who can truthfully take the oath
prescribed by aforesaid act of July 2, A. D. 1302:
provided. That any person otherwise qualilied as an
elector, as herein provided, and who never volun-
tarily gave aid, countenance encouragement, or sup-
port to any rebellion against the United States, nor
any such aid, countenance, encouragement, ,or sup*
port to any government inimical to tho United States
in any other manner, capacity, or rank than as a pri-
vate soldier in open and civilized warfare, may be
admitted to the rights of an elector by an order of
any court of record of the United States upon estab-
lishing to the satisfaction of the court, by the testi-
mony of persons who have at all times borne true
allegiance to the United States that ho is one com-
ing within the description of persons designated in
this proviso, and upon establishing, as aforesaid, that
such person after the 4th day of March, A. D. 1864,
never gave any voluntary aid, countenance, support,
or encouragement to such rebellion nor to any gov-
ernment inimical to the United States. Upon such
proof being made and upon taking and subscribing
upon the records of the court an oath that all the
things aro truo which bring tho applicant within tho
exceptions of thisDroviso, and also that such person
will at all times bear truo allegiance to the Govern-
ment of the United States a.nd tcthopcrpetual union
of the States thereunder, such person shall roeeivo
a certificate which shall entitle nim to tho rights of
an elector.
Snc. t>. And be it further enacted, That whenever
any person's right to hold offico, or to voto under the
provisions of this act, shall be challenged or called
in question, and it shall bo made to appear to the
officers of election or others having tho matter to
decide, either by tho oath of the person challenged,
or by other evidence, that tho person challenged, in
fact,did any act, tho voluntary doing of which works
a disqualification to vote, to hold office, to be ad-
mitted by order of the court to tho rights of an elec-
tion, or to be legistered as such undoi the provisions
of this act, then in all such cases such acts shall
prima facie bo deemed to have been dono volun-
tarily; and it shall devolve upon the person chal-
lenged to prove to tho satisfaction of tho tribunal
having the matter to decide, and by tho evidence of
persons who have always borne truo allegiance to
tho United States, such facts as shall satisfy siuh
tribunal that such acts of disloyalty were involuntary.
Skc. 7. Be it further enacted. That tho Secretary of
War is hereby required to make and publish rules
providing fo)—
1. A just and true registration prior to each general
election of tho names of all persons who under the
provisions ol't his act ai oen titled to vote at any election
named 111 this act, and he shall designate persons
having the qualifications of electors by whom such
registration shall be made, which registration shall
be completed and made accessible to all tho electors
of the State at least one week before each general
election.
I. For the-times of holding all elections, tho timo
for holding which is not fixed by this act, and also
for thcplaccs andmanner of holding arid conducting
all the elections contemplated by tliis act, including
rules for receiving, counting, ccitifying, and return-
ing the votes cast, the granting ccrtilieatos of elec-
tion, the appointment,and compensation of all judges
and other officers of election, and lor cveiy other
thing which shall be necessary to the holding of a
free election by tho people. Lutall officers and
agents appointed to make such registrations and to
conduct, make returns of, certify to, or do auy net
touching any election shall be persons entitled to the
lights of an elector under the piovisions of this act,
and all such persons ^hall, before enteiing upon such
duties, take and subsenbe the oath aforesaid pro-
scribed by the act of 2d July,1862; and aHo to faith-
fully and impartially discharge the dudes of their
office. Said constitution shall provide that no debt,
demand, or liability contracted or incurred in the
name of the State or otherwise in support of the re-
cent rebellion shall be assumed 01 paid, and that 110
pension, compensation, gift, or gratuity, shall be be-
stowed upon or paid by tho State to any person by
reason ot any thing done or suffered m supportof
the rebellion; anil such constitution shall provide
that tho aforesaid provisions shall be irreversible
and incapable of abrogation by amendment thereof.
Sue. H. B<' it further cnw.t^l, That upon tho third
Tuesday of October, A. 1). 18'>7, unless the Congress
of the United Slates should by law otherwise pro-
vide, an election shall be held by all tho persons
qualified to vote under the provision*^ of this act for
the choice of members to a convention to adopt a
permanent constitution and frameof government tor
the State of Louisiana. No person shall bo eligible
to a «eat in such convention wiio has not attained
the age of twenty-five years, and who has not all the
other qualifications prescribed by this act for Gov-
ernor; and such convention shall be composed of
the same number of members, and shall be elected
from the same districts, as is now provided by law
for the liou.?eof Repie^cntativcs; and no person shall
take a heat in such convention who has not first
taken, and upon the Journals of the convention sub-
scribed, the oath pro->eribcd by the act of July 2,lbbw.
The constitution framed by such convention shall
not permit any distinction in the rights of men 011
account of race or color, and shall recognize the power
and duty of the Government of the United Slates to
protect and enforce the perpetual union of the States
under such Government upon such terms as may be-
by them prescribed. Such constitution shall be sub-
mitted for npproval by tho convention at such time
as it may fix to the doctors of the State qualified to
vote under the provisions of this act, the election to
be held undci rules pre&ciibcd as aforesaid by the
Secretary of War; and if approved by a majority pi
such electors it mn.y be presented to Congress for the
admis.-ion of the State to representation in Congress
thereunder. , „„ , . .. . .,
Srcc 9 He it farther enacted, That it shall be tne
duty of the President of the United Mates U,
11 ate forthwith an officer of the ^uny of the United
States, who is of rank not below brigadier general,
who shall be stationed in the State of Louisiana, and
shall be the military commander within the Stato;
it shall moroover bo tho duty of the President to
placeinsuch State under the command of such officer
such military force as shall be requisite to execute
the duties herein assigned to such commander. It
shall bo the duty of such commander, whenever tho
civil authorities in such State shall be unable to, or
shall from any cause neglect, omit, or refuse to see
that all tho laws are speedily enforced for the punish-
ment or prevention of crimes oj offensos against tho
rights of any person whomsoever, to at once arrest
and hold such oftendors until tho civil authorities
shall cause such offenses to be duly prosecuted. And
it shall moroover be the duty of such commander to
render such support to the civil authorities in tho
preservation of order and in tho enforcement of the
laws and lules regulating elections, and also all other
laws, both of tho United States and of the State, as
shall insure the full, speedy, and impartial enforce-
ment of all such laws and of equal justice, and this
without regard to raoo or color.
Sec. 10. And be it farther enacted, That the mili-
tia of tho State shall consist of all tho citizens of
the State qualified as electois under this act, who
shall be as soon as practicable duly organized and
equipped, and during the existence of the provis-
ional government hereby created such militia shall
act under the direction of the aforesaid military com-
mander within the State.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That all laws
passed by the provisional council or by tho Legisla-
ture heroin provided for shall as speedily as possi-
ble after thoir enactment be dulv cortilicd and trans?
mitted to the Secretary of the Senato of the United
States for tho approval of Congress. And should tho
samo l)c disapproved by Congress, tho fact shall bo
at onco duly certified and transmitted to the ehicf
justice of Louisiana, and tho date of the icceipt
thereof shall bo indorsed thftroon, aTid the samo
shall be filed and preserved in tho rccords of tho
Supreme Court. And all laws so disapproved shall
be void from and after thedate of such indorsement.
Sec. 12. Be it further unacb-d, That until the pco-
plo of Louisiana shall be admitted to representation
m the Congress of the United States under such loyal
and republican government as tho United States
shall rccoguizo and assume to guaranty, such peo-
ple shall be entitled to ono Delegate in the House of
Representatives, to be elected at the first general
election provided for in this act by the qualified
electors of the Stato as provided in this act. Such
delegate must be a person who has tho qualifications
for and could hold tho offico of Governor under the
provisions of this act. And he shall have tho samo
powers and rights now had by Delegates from tho
Territories of tho United States.
Skc. 13. Be it further enacted. That all laws now in
forco in Louisiana, consistent with the Constitution
and laws of the United States and with the provis-
ions of this act, shall remain in force until repealed
or modified; Provided, That no personsliall bo com-
petent to act as a juror who is not an elector under
tho provis-ionb of this act: And provided aho, That
all the expenses of and incident fo the administra-
tion of the piovisional governments herein provided
foi hhall be collected and paid as is now done for tho
support of the present government of Louisiana.
Mr. LB BLOND._ Mr. Speaker, I was not
in my scat when this bill was introduced. I
understand the rules were suspended to allow
its introduction.
The SPEAKER. They were.
Mr. LIS BLOND. Then I raise the question
that this House cannot suspend a joint rule of
tlie two Houses. I understand the resolution
establishing this committee is a joint resolu-
tion, and that it requires the concurrence of
the Senate to suspend the rule by which these
matters are referred to the committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the fact is otherwise; it is a rule of the House
only. The Chair will state the history of the
case. On the first day of the first session of
this Congress the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Steven's] offered a resolution for
the appointment of a joint Committee on Re-
construction. That resolution provided, among
other things, that all matters relating to repre-
sentation of the so-called confederate States,
when presented, should be referred by both
"branches of Congress to that committee without
debate. When the resolution came to the
Senate that body refused to concur in that part
of it. The Senate has never referred these
matters to the joint committee there, but has
laid them on the table. Afterward, on mo-
tion of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wil-
son,] it was resolved that, all papers relating
to representation in the so-called confederate
States of Ameiica should be referred to the
joint Committee on iteconstruetion without
debate. It is therefore a rule of the House
alone, and not a joint rule.
Mr. LE BLOND. .Since the Chair speaks
of it I now remember it. I wish now to inquire
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
