1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of Congress or of the Legislative Assemblies of the
Territories aforosaid, inconsistent with the provis-
ions of this act, are hereby declared null and void.
Mr. SUMNER. Let that be stricken out.
Mr. WADE. Very well; let it be struck out,
tlien.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. Now I move to strike out all
of the bill after the enacting clause, and to
insert the following:
That in all the Territories of the United States
there shall be no denial to citizens of the United
States of the elective franchise by reason of race or
color, and all persons shall be equal before the law.
And all acts or parts of acts, either of Congress or of
the Legislative Assembly of any Territory, inconsist-
ent with the provisions of this act, are hereby de-
clared null and void.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I object to hurrying this
bill through without any consideration. It
seems to be a new proposition, and there is
some phraseology employed that may be more
comprehensive than Senators suppose. In all
the Territories, according to this proposed
amendment, all persons are to be equal before
the law. I should like to know what that
means before I vote to incorporate into the
organic acts of the Territories such phraseol-
ogy as that. What is the precise meaning and
effect of it? Suppose an Indian should insist
upon the right to sit upon a jury. He is
authorized to do so, and his right cannot be
denied by that amendment. All persons are
to be equal before the law, without distinc-
tion of raee or color or sex, according to that
amendment. I wish Senators to remember
that in the Territories there is a very large
population of wild, untamed Indians, and m
attempting to provide for the black race within
the States I think Senators ought not to use
language that will put those Indians in the
Territories who are wholly unfit to perform
any of the duties of a citizen, who are wholly
unable to perform any of the duties of a citi-
zen, on an equal footing, and entitle them to
all the rights and privileges which the white
people of the Territories enjoy.
Mr. WADE. That is not the intention. Does
not the amendment use the word "citizen?"
I believe it does.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No, sir; it says "all
persons shall be equal before the lawand I
think that such phraseology as that in legis-
lation is exceedingly dangerous. Specify what
particular rights you intend the people of the
Territories should possess. If you will say that
the citizens ofthe Territories shall have the right
to vote, then I will agree to the proposition.
Mr. WADE. I am willing to restrict it in
that way. That is what it means.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Or if you desire that they
shall have any other rights, and you specify
them, then I can understand for what I vote ;
but to use that sort of phraseology, that " all
persons shall be equal before the law," when
there are so many ramifications of government
and society to which the language applies,
seems to me to be a dangerous mode of legis-
lation. I hope this amendment will not be
adopted in this hasty manner.
Mr. LANE. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 9, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntcw,
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
question of privilege.
Mr. CHANLER. I rise to a question of
privilege, but as several gentlemen wish to
submit a few matters by unanimous consent I
will yield for that purpose.
i'ay of a member.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution ; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to :
liesolved, That the Sorceant-at-Ams be, and is
hereby, authorized and directed to pay to Hon. D.
W. Gooch the amount of increased pay of a mem-
ber of this House provided by law, from the com-
mencement of the Thirty-Ninth Congress to the date
of his resignation.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider th« vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
, town of shasta.
Mr. BED WELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill respecting the town of Shasta,
California ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and, together with the accompanying
papers, ordered to be printed.
indian affairs.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to restore the jurisdiction of
Indian affairs to the Department of War;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
free schools IN the district.
Mr. WELKER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to provide a system of educa-
tion for the public schools of the District of Co-
lumbia ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the committee on free schools in
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
compensation of light-house keepers.
Mr. SPALDING, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of giving
increased compensation to keepers of light-houses
and light-vessels in the United States, and that said
committee report by bill or otherwise.
harbor of new york.
Mr. DODGE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of "War be requested
to inform this House if any and what steps have been
taken for removing the wreck of the steamer Scot-
land, recently sunk in the entrance of the channel
of the harbor of New York, and what is necessary in
order to secure the early removal of the wreck, which
is endangering the navigation of the channel.
homesteads for colored men.
Mr. GRINNELL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which,
being a call for executive information, was con-
sidered by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Besolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be re-
quested to inquire whether any modification of the
third article of the treaty with the Chocktaw and
Chickasaw Indians, ratified June 28, 1S66, can be
made whereby the eight thousand persons of color
now without homesteads may have their status as
citizens defined, and they be allowed at an early day
to select homesteads from the unoccupied lands.
taxation of national bank shares.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, by unani-
mous consent, offered the following resolution;
which, being a call for executive information,
was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved* That tlio Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire whether so much of the forty-
first section of the act concerning banking associa-
tions as limits the right of State authority to tax
shares of such associations at the place where the
bank is loeated, ought not to bo so amended as to
permit the taxation ofthe shares in any town where
owned in the State where the bank islocated instead
of at the place of said bank, and that they have leave
to report oy bill or otherwise.
michael jl'canx.
Mr. BROOMALL, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the. Secretary of War be, and is
hereby, directed to furnish to the House of Repre-
sentatives all written agreements, contracts, and
p:\pers, or copies thereof, relating to tho claim of
Michael McCann against the Government for tho ser-
vices of the barge Charles Warner, with a statement
ofthe amount of money pnid and tho amount yet
due according to tho contract, and of whatever
action may havo been had upon the account by the
proper auditor.
land office report.
Mr. LATHAM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution j which was
read and referred, under the law, to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved,-That there be printed for the use of the
members of this House thirty thousand extra copies
of the jast report of tho Commissioner of the General
Land Office.
CLAIMS 0? loyal tennessesans.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That a resolution passed by the House on
tbel8th of January, 1866, in the substance following
"That until otherwise ordered the Committee of
Claims be instructed to reject all claims referred to
them for examination by citizens of any of the
States lately in rebellion," &c., be, and the same is,
so modified as not to embrace any claims presented
by loyal citizens of Tennessee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object,
and call for the regular order of business.
naval bounties.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of so amend-
ing an act making appropriation^ for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending June
30f 1867, and for other purposes, approved July 28,
1866, as will allow seamen and marines of the Navy,
under the same limitations and restrictions, tho
bounty allowed by said act to soldiers, and to report
by bill or otherwise. *
Mr. WASHBURNE^ of Illinois, Has the
morning hour commenced?
The SPEAKER. It has not. The gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Chanler] is upon
the floor on a question of privilege.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
hope we shall dispose of his question of privi-
lege.
the income tax.
Mr. CTJLLOM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of "Ways and Heaas
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the revenue laws that incomes to tho ex-
tent of $1,000 shall be exempt from taxation, and that
all incomes above that amount shall be taxed five
per cent, and no more.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
insist on the regular order.
question of privilege.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Speaker, I hold that
a vote given in this House by a member of this
body is one of the most important acts that a
member can possibly perform; and the record
of that vote I hold to be a matter of the first
importance. And I rise to ascertain from the
Speaker the position held upon this floor by
the reporters of the Associated Press; if they
are officers of this House under the resolution
which admitted them to this floor, or whether
they are not. If they be officers of this House,
I hold that the Journal, the record of the pro-
ceedings of this House, is the only standard
whereby they can publish to the press of the
country the votes given upon this floor. Have
the reporters of the Associated Press the right,
by changing the record of this House and in-
terpolating their opinion relative to a vote here
given, thereby to change the position of a mem-
ber of this body, so far as their act can do it?
That is the question. Now, sir, the special
instance in regard to which I rise is the record
of the vote taken on the resolution of impeach-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call the
gentleman to order. I want to know whether
this is a question of privilege or not.
Mr. CHANLEll. I wish to know whether
it is or is not.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is statinc his question of privilege.
Mr. CHANLER. I wish to know if the
privilege of a member of this House includes
the record of his vote as published by the re-
porters of the Associated Press, who are upon
this floor by the permission of the House.
