366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If it is in
the nature of a personal explanation then I do
not object.
Mr. CHANLER. It is in the nature of a
personal explanation, but involves a question
of privilege.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then it is
not in the nature of a question of privilege?
Mr. CHANLER. It includes a question of
privilege also in my opinion, and I wish to have
my full privileges here upon a matter of per-
sonal explanation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman asks for that I shall not object.
Mr. CHANLER. I have put the question,
and I believe the Chair understands it. Now
I wish to leave the question there. If it be
within the privileges of this House, I will now
go on with the personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if the question involved was a correction of the
Journal of the House, then it would be a ques-
tion of privilege. The Chair has examined the
Journal of the House and finds the gentleman's
name recorded in the affirmative, upon the pas-
sage of the resolution of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Ashley] in regard to impeach-
ment. The Journal, therefore, is correct.
The Chair will answer the other question of
the gentleman, in regard to the position of the
reporters of this House. The reporters of the
Globe have been regarded as officers of this
House. They have been so recognized in various
ways, in appropriation bills, «c. The report-
ers of the two associated presses, by a vote of
this House, have been granted seats upon the
floor instead of in the reporters' gallery, that
they may be able to give more elaborate reports-,
by means of access to the records of the House
and to documents .they may have occasion to
copy. In the opinion of the Chair, the report-
ers of the associated presses are not officers of
the Honse.
_ As to any statement in reference to the ac-
tion of the gentleman not being correctly stated
by the reporters, that is a question for the gen-
tleman and the House to determine. If the
gentleman claims that he has been intention-
ally misrepresented, then it is a question which
he can bring before the House for their action.
Mr. CHANLER. Does the Chair rule that
- a misrepresentation of a vote given on this floor
by a member is a question of privilege, or does
he decide that it is not?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would not re-
gard it as a question of privilege, which the
gentleman would have a right to present to this
House for its action, overruling all other ques-
tions, as questions of privilege always do, un-
less he presents it for the action of the House
as the Chair has just indicated. A question of
privilege generally refers to the right of a mem-
ber to his seat, and questions arising therefrom.
A correction of the Journal, being a record of
the votes and action of members here, is always
regarded as a question of privilege. Corrections
of reports in the Globe have not been regarded
as questions of privilege, but have always been
entertained by Speakers who have preceded
the present occupant of the chair that these
reports may be as correct as possible.
In regard to any misstatements which may
have been made by other reporters, they have
not been regarded as questions of privilege un-
less the member interested states that he has
been intentionally defamed by the reporter,
and therefore desires action of the House to
protect himself.
Mr. CHANLER. Then I will first ask to
be heard as a question of privilege, upon a
misrepresentation in the Globe of a vote given
by myself in this House.* My vote upon the
adoption of the resolution of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] is misrepresented in
the report published in the Globe. That mis-
representation I understand came from the sug-
gestion of a reporter of the Associated Press,
* The misrepresentation complained of by Mr.
Chanlek appeared in the Daily Globe of January 8,
but the correction was made for this edition. Sea
pago 321. I
who undertook to direct the reporters of the
Globe. Now you can change it and divide it
and refine it as you please; and the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] may seek to
prevent'me from having my rights upon this
floor ; but I claim that under the practices of
this House I am speaking here upon a ques-
tion of privilege.
Now, sir, all that I ask is that as the report-
ers of the associated presses have been cour-
teously admitted to seats upon this floor by a
vote of this House, their position here shall be
defined. And also if the reporters of the Globe
are under the influence and direction of the
Associated Press reporters, they shall be put
in the same category, either for good or for
evil; and that the reporters of the associated
presses shall hold themselves strictly bound
by the Journal and official records of the pro-
ceedings of this House made by the clerks of
this body. That is all I ask. I protest against
any proceeding by which a member can have
the record of his vote changcd and misrepre-
sented by any person who is admitted to the
privileges of the floor of this House.
And with all due deference to the Chair, I
look upon it as a strange ruling which allows a
reporter, admitted by courtesy to this floor, to
state, as is stated in the paper which I hold in
my hand, [the New York Herald,] the result
of a vote, excluding by his report a member of
this body from appearing as voting at all upon
this floor. By the statement which the Clerk
will read I am excluded by the reporter for the
Associated Press from a vote given in this
body.
The SPEAKER. The Chair Could not have
been as clear as he supposed he was in his
statement; for certainly the gentleman has
misunderstood that statement. The Chair has
stated that the gentleman has the right to ask
the action of the House against any reporter
who he thinks has intentionally misrepresented
him.
Mr. CHANLER. I do not put it on that
ground. I put it on the ground of an error.
I do not wish to enter into any controversy
whether the reporter on this floor meant or did
not mean to misrepresent me. I wish to hold
the reporter strictly to the record of the Journal
of this House. He has no option in the matter.
He cannot at his own option go outside of the
record and state as a fact that which is not a
fact. I am not going into an examination of his
intentions, nor do I wish to do so. I believe
that this misrepresentation arose from an error;
I am willing to admit it. I make no charges
against him on the question of intention.
The SPEAKER. What action does the gen-
tleman desire from the Chair?
Mr. CHANLER. I wish the Clerk to read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has ex-
pressed himself as not satisfied with the decis-
ion of the Chair. What action does he desire
from the Chair?
Mr. CHANLER. I wish to offer a resolu-
tion to the effect that the reporters for the press
on this floor shall be subject to the same rules
as the reporters of the Globe.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
newspaper extract which the gentleman has
sent up.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The question then recurred on the adoption of the
resolution. The vote was taken by yeas and nays and
resulted—yeas 107, nays 39. It was announced as
108 to 38; but as the official list showed Mr. Chanler
voting in the affirmative, and as that was evidently
a mistake, the transfer of his vote to the negative
makes tho first figures the correct ones."
[Laughter.]
Mr. CHANLER. I wish to call attention
to the further fact that in the list of yeas and
nays, as contained in the paper from which
the Clerk has read, my name is omitted.
Now, sir, I do not wish to be considered as
having made any mistake. I voted on due
consideration and with a fixed determination.
I voted for the purpose of bringing before this
body a full statement of the facts relative to
the charges made against the first Magistrate
of the country. I wish to be understood here
and everywhere as being neither the friend nor
the foe of that Chief Magistrate. As a repre-
sentative of the people, I feel that when there
are preferred in this House charges of the im-
portance of those presented by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] against the Presi-
dent of the United States, it? is the duty of
each member here to favor and insist upon a
full investigation. Even if I were the champion
of the Chief Magistrate of the nation I should
have insisted upon an examination as a matter
concerning his honor. When suspicions rest
upon him, when grave charges are urged
against him, how can his fitness and capacity
for the position which he holds be demon-
strated except by the constitutional method
of examination ? That method being proposed
here, I am willing to accept it as proposed in
good faith.
I have no political sympathy with the gen-
tleman who introduced that resolution; but I
assert that the vote given by me on that occa-
sion was no mistake. It was the result of ma-
ture judgment. I acted upon what I deem to
be a very sound principle. Whether the Presi-
dent of the United States be innocent or guilty
of the crimes and high misdemeanors charged
upon him in the resolution is a question for
determination in the future; and the grand
jurjj of the nation, when it refuses to initiate
an indictment against a person subjected to
such charges, does not, in my opinion, fulfill its
duty. Without regard to any political combi-
nations or partisan purposes, I stand here ready
to initiate an examination into the conduct
of any officer of the Government who may be
chargedin good faith with impeachable offenses.
I am ready to push the investigation to the
highest tribunal we recognize here to punish
crimes and high misdemeanors, such as are
charged against the President.
Now, sir, I desire that other members of this
House may not be subjected in the future to
such mistakes as that of which I have in the
present ease been the victim. My object, in
presenting this question of privilege, as I be-
lieve it to be, has been to bring the matter to
the knowledge of the House and elicit an in-
vestigation. I desired to obtain from the Pre-
siding Officcr of the House a statement of the
exact position in which the Associated Press,
by their reporters, stand here. I therefore
move that the reporters for the Associated Press,
admitted to seats on this floor, be under the
same rules and regulations as the reporters for
the Globe ; that all questions of privilege aris-
ing in regard to tho alteration of votes made in
the records of the Associated Press be under
the same rule as that which regulates reports
in the Globe.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will send
it up in writing and the Clerk will read it.
Mr. CHANLER. I move that the resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on the Rules.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
Resolved, That the reporters of the Associated Press
be under the same rules and regulations as reporters
of the Globe.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
New York will turn to page 157 of Barclay's
Digest he will see, in corroboration of what
the Chair decided, that it is declared to be a
question of privilege if a false and scandalous
report of proceedings in the House be made
by any of its reporters. If a gentleman alleges
a reporter has intentionally and falsely misrep-
resented him, it will be a question of privilege.
If an error has been made unintentionally, as
in this case, the Chair doubts whether it would
be a question of privilege.
Mr. CHANLER. I do not charge it was
intentional.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the resolution be again read.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. CHANLER. I modify it so as to say,
"reporters and reports made by them."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
understand the gentleman charges that the
official reporters of the Globe have made any
intentional mistake.
