1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1807
' 1 es; if wo had the wool we could moke all the
clothes for the tribe. All of them know how to cul-
tivate by irrigation; thinks there is plenty of land ;
but somehow the crops do not come out well. Last
year the worms destroyed theircrops. There is plenty
of land, and when the ditches aro all cut out there
will be land enough; there is plenty of water; there
is plenty of pasture for all their stock; some have
but twenty-five, thirty, or forty, but more have
none; none have a hundred. They try and keep
their sheep for their milk, and only kill them when
necessary, when the rations are«hort or smell bad;
they depend on the milk of the sheep to live and to
give to the little children; they are honest and donot
kill euchother'ssheep; they own theiranimnls them-
selves, and not in common; they would like each
man to have his own piece of land and work it for
himself and his family; they have not grain, stock,
and other things enough; when they have enough
tbey would like to have "heir children go to school;
they would not like to have their children go to
school until they had learned all kinds of trades, so
tlicy could make a living. Some officers at Fort
C'-vuby told them when theygothere theGovernment
would give them herds ot horses, sheep, and cattle,
and other things they needed, but they have not re-
ceived them; they had to lose a good deal of their
property on account of the war, and the Utahs stole
the rest from them: have been at war with the
Utahs nine year*. and about the samo number of
years with the Mexicans. Before the war with the
Utahs and Mexicans had everything wo wanted;
but now have lost everything. Herrero was quite
young when the war commenced with the Mexicans.
In tne war everything was stolen on both sides—
women and children, docks. When children were
taken we kept them, sold them, or gave them back.
The Mexicans got the most children; we have only
two, and they don't want to go back; havo not been
in the habit of selling our own children ; don't know
of an instance. They don't expect to be rich again;
but if they had plenty of stock and wagons to haul
their wood they would prosper again. Some of the
soldiers do not treat us well." * * * *
"Question. Would you all like to go back to your
old country or remain here?
" They would rather prefer to be in their own coun-
try, although they have most everything they want
here; they are all of this opinion, and would like to
have you send them back; and if you have any pres-
ents to give them they will distribute them among
them."
I read these facts to show the testimony
given on this question. The truth is that in
the Territory of New Mexico, among all the
people there, it has been one of the greatest
contests that ever occurred in a Territory. It
was Bosque and anti-Bosque. The question
was whether the Indians should be kept on the
Bosque or not, and the people took sides on
that question. I have given you the testimony
and the opinions of military men, and given you
the testimony and opinions of civilians. Now,
I will tell you the opinion to which the com-
mittee arrived. The committee came to the
conclusion that if the question had belonged !
to us to decide in the beginning, we would
never have advised a military expedition into
their country to take them out for the purpose
of puttingthem on this Bosque Redondo reser-
vation. But when we arrived to that opinion
we were just as clearly also of the opinion that
after the War Department had actually en-
tered upon this policy and pursued it for six or
eight or nine eight years, this policy of capturing
these Indians to compel them to go into the
reservation, and after the Indians had been
actually captured and put upon the reservation,
and the Government had been at all this ex-
pense in doing it, ailfi had got the Indians set-
tled upon it, it would now be unwise in us to
send them back again into their own country.
That is the result at which we arrived ; and I
think it is the proper and the sensible result
to which all must come.
Now, the effect of the amendment of my
friend from Ohio will be simply this: ifjrou
say that after the 1st of July next nothing more
shall be given to feed these Indians by the
War Department, and you appropriate but
$100,000 to feed eight thousand Indians, it
will be impossible to subsist them.
Mr. SHERMAN. What has become of the
horses and sheep and cattle and what they have
raised ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. How is it, I ask my
honorable friend, that there should have been
so much money expended by the War Depart-
ment in supporting these Indians all the while.
What they have expended has been in addition
to all that the Indians have raised. I ask my
honorable friend, would he advise the killing
and eating of all these sheep which grow the
wool that clothes the population, or should the
flocks be kept and preserved?
Mr. SHERMAN. In reply to the question
of the honorable Senator, I will simply say that
the statement he has already made shows that
this proposition is the most ridiculous that was
ever made in the American Senate. Here,
we are told, are about six thousand Navajo
Indians on a reservation forty miles square,
with eighteen thousand acres of arable land,
plenty of water, ditches for irrigation, who
merely require enough to support themselves,
in a climate so mild and gentle that there is no
danger of freezing, where there is everything
that can make life comfortable, according to
the description the Senator gives, a perfect Ar-
cadia in a wilderness; and it is expected that
we shall tax the overtaxed people of the Uni-
ted States to the amount of §1,000,000 a year
to feed these Indians, that we shall keep six
hundred troops there to guard them so as to
prevent them from stealing and from running
away from this beautiful Arcadia to the wil-
derness tiiey formerly occupied. The whole
scheme is so simply ridiculous that it strikes
me the Senate certainly will see its way out of
the difficulty without much debate. During
the whole time the Senator has been reading
the testimony it seems to me he has constantly
been making an argument against the appro-
priation.
Mr. CONNESS. And if I understand him
correctly, over two thousand of them are chil-
dren at the breast.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Oh, no.
Mr. CONNESS. That is the way the Sen-
ator read it as I understood him.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are thirteen hun-
dred males above the age of twenty one, and
the rest are women and children; and it seems
the women are very industrious; they make
blankets, and do a great many other things;
and the children cannot live so highly, and yet
the Government of the United States now for
several years has paid at the rate of $200 per
head, or $1,250 for the support of a family of
Indians among the Navajoes, although it is
said they have a beautiful reservation with
plenty of sheep and cattle. I am only sorry
that I proposed to appropriate $100,000. If
I were to draw the amendment over again I
would make it $-30,000.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Gentlemen smile at this
thing ; but perhaps they will smile out of the
other corner of the mouth when they come to
foot the bills, if the Indians are allowed to
leave their reservation and return to their
own country, as is proposed. They will
be scattered all over New Mexico ; depreda-
tions will come on again, and you will be
called upon to pay two or three regiments of
troops to invade their country again and cap-
ture them again. It required three expeditions
of our military force before we could capture
them. General Sumner failed in his attempt
to capture them ; General Canby failed in his
attempt; and it was Kit Carson who succeeded
at last, when he surrounded them and destroyed
in the autumn the crops upon which they
should live in the winter, so that he compelled
them in the winter to come out and surrender.
I have no more responsibility about this
matter than other Senators. The Senate have
taken from me to a certain extent the special
responsibility of Indian affairs, and put it on my
honorable friend from Missouri. He will find
it a thankless 'task before he gets through. So
far as I am concerned personally I am very
much obliged to the Senate for relieving me
'from the responsibility of these Indian affairs,
the most troublesome, thankless thing there is
connected with all our public affairs. To give
one's attention to Indian matters, and study
the questions connected with them, requires
time, and it is an office that is hardly appre-
ciated. I confess there are a good many things
about it that I do not like. Gentlemen get
prejudiced against Indian legislation, and give
it the go-by, and by some little amendment
undertake to overturn a settled system. The
War Department has for eight or ten years
been attending to these Indians, at a cost I
suppose of fifteen or twenty million dollars,
and now you will overthrow it all in a moment.
That is not what we proposed to do. It would
be better in my judgment not to pass anything
on the subject, but just drop the whole prop-
osition, and leave them where they are, in the
bands of the War Department, and let that
Department feed them just as cheaply as they
can. The War Department has decided that it
is cheaper to feed them than to fight them, and
have captured these ten thousand Indians and
put them on this reservation. I have no doubt
officers of the War Department have endeav-
ored to get along as economically as they
could.
Mr. HOWARD. Have the Navajoes made
war on the United States?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. They have made war
on these people whom the United States are
bound to defend. I say to my honorable friend
that for two hundred years these Navajoes havo
been living in that country, ever since the Span-
iards came there, depredating on the Mexicnns,
un<4 the Mexicans depredating on the Navajoes,
stealing each other's women and children and
(locks and herds, and killing each other. Wo
took that Territory just in that state of things,
and we have bound ourselves by treaty to keep
the peace in that Territory and defend the Mexi-
cans.
Mr. CONNESS. I can hardly trust myself
to say anything on this subject. I am so thor-
oughly and entirely convinced that there is a#
system so stupendous in its nature, in its fraud,
being carried on against the Government in
New Mexico, and 1 am so full of information
on the subject from a hundred reliable sources,
that I can scarce trust myself to utter a word
on the subject. The campaign was made against
the Navajoes, under the direction of General
Carleton, under the immediate command of
Kit Carson, a campaign almost utterly need-
less, and in its results beneficial only to the
men who are disbursing the public moneys in
New Mexico to the amount of millions of dol-
lars—ascheme, in my judgment, from the begin-
ning to collect eight thousand Indians upon a
place that we are told at one time is a desert,
has nothing in it, and at another time blossoms
as the rose; but in addition to whatever they
can produce there they are fed to the tune of
$1,500,000 per annum, as is stated by the hon-
orable Senator! Just so long as military offi-
cers are permitted to command and to be inter- '
ested in contracts, to control the commissariat,
just so long it will be their interest to feed a
large number of Indians. Why, Mr. President,
in California, for a period of over ten years, the
number of Indians that money was appropri-
ated by Congress to support was counted not
; doubly, but trebly, and twice that. Money was
11 appropriated to feed Indians that never saw the
jj light. We are now feeding in my State over
six thousand Indians, taking care of them,
| clothing them, for they do not make their own
i i blankets upon the reservations in that State, and
how much are you appropriating annually for
that purpose? The Senator can see by looking
at the bill that for all the reservations in Cali
fornia not more than $75,000 is appropriated,
and with this sum we are supporting over six
thousand Indians upon reservations; and I
have in my possession letters from the retiring
superintendent who counts the bushels by hun-
dreds and thousands, in excess of what the
Indians needed, that are being put into the
market to be sold. But, sir, that is under
honest superintendents; that is under man-
agement such as is applied by every man to
business affairs.
But how is it in New Mexico ? We hear of
the Bosque Rodondo, the* Pecos river, tho
traveling committee taken possession of by
the military commander, feasted, handled,
filled with facts, with nothing in them! Mr.
President, General Carleton went down there
with about three thousand troops from Cali-
fornia. He had his commission from the Gov-
ernor *f California. His three thousand
troops were as splendid men as ever stepped;
