1808
THE OONG&ESSIOTAL OLOlE.
February 23,
they were not enSsted from the unemployed
people of the country. They were commanded
by subaltern officers who were 110 ordinary
men, but who left their profitable business,
some of them avocations yicldiug five to ten
and twenty thousand dollars annually, to
take a captain's commission, with tie expect-
ation of meeting th« foe of their country in
the field. They were marched down to New
Mexico and kept there for three or four years,
and they have nearly all testified against the
gross corruption, the perversion of the public
interests, and the almost universal plunder that
has been the rule in that Territory. Their word
is as good as the word of any man on earth. I
have a letter in my hand, received to-night by
this day'smail, from alady, and you would blush
if I should read a paragraph from it touching
this commander. I handed to two or three
Senators a few days since—the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] read it—a letter
from a responsible man; but I cannot read
extracts from letters here. I have stated be-
fore this that I have made honest effort to stop
these swindlings, but have failed, utterly failed.
If, however, I shall live till the next Congress
shall meet for business, and the War Depart-
ment shall not do its duty by that time, I shall
call for a special committee of this body, and
it' necessary investigate and put before the
country the facts as to the utter mismanage-
ment and corruption of public administration
in that Territory. This demand for $670,000,
which is less, the Senatorsays, than $1,500,000,
is made to continue this system, and we are told
this is a saving. I suppose the rations drawn by
"the babes at the breast," of whom the Sena-
tor read, the Government has been charged for.
I have heard of such things before. We are
told in one breath by the Senator that these
Indians have helds and lands and stock of all
'kinds, fifteen, twenty, and some a hundred
head in .number, and yet $1,500,000 per
annum.is paid to feed them from the commis-
sariat of the United States.
Mr. President, if I were the Commander-in-
Chief of the United States somebody would
be shot, and that would cure it. I would ap-
ply the remedy, which, if applied at the begin-
ning of the great war we have passed through,
when fellows went to the field to steal and not
to fight, would have been merciful as well as
just. Had they been taken out and shot, it
would have purified the whole country, the
• Army first and the country next. The admin-
istration in New Mexico wants a little touch
of that. There is military in that, and when
administered in accordance with justice there
is justice in it, too, and mercy as well.
_ I do not know which is best, that the author-
ities there shall be allowed to continue m
charge of these Indians, or they committed to
the charge and custody of the Indians. The
descriptions given of the Navajoes prove them
to be the superiors of the men we have put
over them. Their intelligence is spoken of,
and no doubt with truth ; their kindliness of
heart; their half-civilized or more than half-
civilised system of society. It is testified, and
the Senator has read the testimony to us, that
the better way of taking care of these Indians
is in pueblos. What is a pueblo ? A town, a
village. It is testified that they are fitted to
live in towns and villages, and engage in man-
ufactures; and they produce the finest blan-
kets ot the kind made in the world, and yet
they are subjected to beastly control, and the
nation is plundered in addition.
More than that, sir, the unbridled passions
of those who command them are not confined
to the Indians; but they run rat&past else-
where, and if anybody objects in that Terri-
tory he is ordered under arrest. The tyranny
is complete; there is no remedy. If an hon-
est and able man can be chosen—and the
country is full of such—and sent down there
independent of all these creatures in it, I would
trust his report, and if necessary I would feed
to the extent he recommended; but I toll yoa
that our sources oY information at present "are
totally unreliable; and it is not simply a mis-
take to continue ■what we have been doing,
but it is a crime. I have no doubt of the in-
tent of the honorable Senator from Wisconsin
to do what is right and what is generous and
what is humane. These, I know, are all his
impulses; but he is utterly in error about this
whole thing I undertake to say.- I am not
willing to vote even as much as the honorable
Senator from Ohio proposes. He only made
a guess at it, as he will concede. He proposes
a large amount of money, and he does not
know just exactly how much to suggest. To
continue to vote these appropriations longer,
to continue to allow the military authorities
there to feed these Indians ad libitum, and
thus consume the public stores ad libitum
while somebody gets the money and puts it in
his pocket, is a wrong so great and a fraud so
stupendous that it should be stopped at once.
Mr. FOWLER. It seems to me that we have
very indefinite information upon which to base
an appropriation of $100,000 in this case; and
the object for which it is to be appropriated is,
I think, too vague to justify our action. It is
evident to my mind, from the history of this
matter, that these Indians have been taken away
from a country where they could support them-
selves and which was suited to their condition
in life. It is true they had there some warfare
with the Mexicans; the Mexicans made war
upon them; and they, in turn, upon the Mexi-
cans; but it does not appear that they have
been very hostile to the people of the United
States. It is also very clearly presented to us
that these people are perfectly capable of taking
care of themselves in their own country, where
they ought to be. We have taken them away
from their homes, and put them in a country
almost barren and incapable of supporting
them. It seems to me a proper course would
be to appropriate a sum of money sufficient to
remove them back to the place from whence
they oaroe. I do not know precisely how much
it will take; but that is the only sensible idea
to my mind that has been advanced on the
subject—the one that has been advanced by the
Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buckalew]—
to return them to the place whence they came
and where they were capable of supporting
themselves. I think it is perfectly cruel and
inhuman to keep eight thousand people on a
small section of country, totally incapable of
supporting them, unfit for their habits of life,
where they are dying with disease constantly.
We ought to release them from their imprison-
ment and let them go back to their own country.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (M*. Pome-
rot.) The question is on the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Henderson.]
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Ohio if he is entirely con-
fident that the amendment is in exactly the
right shape now. It may be supposed by the
military to be their duty to keep these Indians
upon this reservation and not to furnish them
with any food or subsistence. I should think,
if it is intended to take away from them the
supplies which the Government now furnishes,
it ought to be distinctly understood that they
are to be allowed to return to their own country.
I understand that this amendment provides
that a certain amount shall be appropriated
for these Indians, and after a certain date no
subsistence shall bfe supplied to them ; but will
not the military, as these Indians have been
captured and have been put upon this reserva-
tion, feel bound to keep there and deny to
them any subsistence? The consequence may
be that the Indians may be starved to death
upon the reservation. I suggest whether it
would not be advisable to amend the amend-
ment so as to imply at any rate that the mili-
tary should allow these Indians to go back to
their own country, or should transfer them to
their own country.
Mr. SHERMAN. That whole matter is left
to the proper department. There is nothing
in this amendment to interfere with that. The
amendment is to appropriate $100,000, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, to relieve these people and pro-
vide that after the 1st of July they shall not be
fed by the quartermaster's department. That
is all there is of it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I know that is all there
is of it; but does it not leave these Indians in
the hands of the military as prisoners, and deny
to the military the right to feed them or take
care of them, notwithstanding they are pris-
oners?
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator thinks it
important, he may ad8 a proviso saying that
the Indians shall not be held as prisoners of
war by the United States.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I make the suggestion
simply.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to hear it
read as it now stands.
The Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
lows :
For the relief of the Navajo Indians now at or near
Fort Sumner, to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior. $100,000: Provided,
That no rations or supplies shall be furnished to said
Indians by the War Department alter the 1st day
of July next.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think that is very
dangerous legislation. The War Department
have these eight thousand prisoners on their
hands. They are substantially prisoners.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not eight thousand.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This gentleman "Says
there were eight thousand.
Mr. CONNESS. That gentleman is what
might be called a swift witness.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Major Bristol I refer
to. I must say that from all I have ever seen
or known of Major Bristol myself he is a gen-
tleman of character and standing. He must
be well known to the Senators from Michigan,
both of them, for Detroit is his place of resi-
dence. He is an officer of the regular Army,
whose reputation I have never heard ques-
tioned. There are reports also taken as a
part of the testimony of the number of the In-
dians from time to time on the reservation.
Mr. CONNESS. I hold in my hand the
report of Colonel A. D. Norton, superintend-
ent of Indian affairs in New Mexico, for
1866, with a memorandum mide upon it, sent
by him since this discussion 1 "gun, stating that
only six thousand nine hundred Navajoes were
on the reservation at the last accounts. That
is not eight thousand.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to read from
the report of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, dated October 31, 1865, a statement
of the general question with regard to these
Indians. He said then:
"In regard to the Navajoes, now established at the
Bosque Kedondo reservation, the accumulated testi-
mony is so conflicting, derived from sources equally
entitled to credit, and from ttprsons who should have,
and, bo far as appears, have bad but one object in
view, the best interest of the Government and of the
Indians, that I am reluctant at present to express a
decided opinion in regard to the permanent policy to
be adopted. The difference is wide between the
views of the late superintendent. Dr. Steck, who
urged, and was supported by excellent authority in
urging, that the Bosque Redondo reservation was
barely sufficient for the Apaches, for whom it was set
apart—that the Navajoes and Apaches could not live
toother upon it; that the Navajoes could best sup-
port thomselves upon a reservation in their own
oountry where they had always been an agricultural
and pastoral people, raising large crops and making
their own garments from the produce oS the:r own
nocks, and that the enormous expense of feeding
them at the Bosque Redondo, counting by millions
aunost, was an unnecessary expenditure—and those
of General Carleton, the military commandant of the
district, who insisted that for the sake of permauent
peace the Navajoes must be taken entirely away
from their own country, and that when once settled
upon a reservation they would provide for theirown
support.
General Carleton took the responsibility of testing
the question by removing the Navajoes to the reserva-
tion; and this being done, they have been supported
there by the War Department, with the aid of an
l appropriation of a comparatively small amount by
Congress, placed at the disposal of the Interior De-
partment."
This was the experiment of General Carle-
