368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
steamship company has and act upon it intel-
ligently.
Mr. KASSON. Let me state one other fact.
The principle upon which this examination,
which resulted in the pfoposed allowance of
$10,300, was made was this: the Post Office.
Department in effecting this proposed adjust-
ment, or in the negotiations for it—for it is not
yet an adjustment—took the weight of the letter
mail as compared with the weight of the printed
matter carried by this company; and this reso-
lution only proposes to allow them a pro rata
compensation by weight for carrying the letter
mail.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kakson] state to
the House what are the terms of the contract,
whether or not this steamship company were
not bound by the vgry terms of the contract to
carry all the mail matter that the Department
may choose to send by them ?
Mr. KASSON. I have not the contract here,
but will state my recollection of its provisions.
This steamship company agreed to carry all the
printed mail matter that should Be sent by the
Department by the sea route; they also agreed
to carry all letters that should have written
upon the envelopes a direction for them to be
carried by the sea route instead of by the over-
land route. In point of fact it was expected
that the most of the letters would go by the
overland route, as being the shorter and quicker
route; but the doubts which were raised about
the safety of the overland route induced many
merchants and others to desire to have their
letters go by the sea route, although it would
require more days in their transmission. When
the overland route was entirely interrupted, in
consequence of Indian troubles, the Depart-
ment sent all th'e letters by the sea route. In
consequence of that the company claims a large
sum, several times the amount proposed here.
The Department insist that if any sum is paid
it should be only in proportion to the weight of
the letters as compared with the weight of the
printed matter carried by the company. If
such an adjustment can be adhered to, I think it
would be a very favorable one for the Depart-
ment.
I would call the attention of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Alley] to the only
defect in his bill, if I understood it correctly
when it was read. I think it does not provide
that this sum, if paid, shall be in full satisfac-
tion of the claim of this steamship company for
this service.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to ask the
gentleman, as he was formerly connected with
the Post Office Department, whether the term's
of the contract do not require that this com-
pany shall perform such occasional additional
service as the exigencies of the Department
might require ? I was connected with the Com-
mittee on Private-Claims in former Congresses,
and I remember that we had a great many
claims brought before us by mail contractors
for some extra service they had performed,
occasioned by reason of low water or some
other temporary cause; but, as I recollect,
the Department had in their contracts guarded
against any such demands for extra compensa-
tion in such cases.
Mr. KASSON. The general practice of the
Department has been as the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Mayxard] has stated. But
this was an exceptional contract. Originally
the overland mail was to take all matter
printed and written; but it was discovered that
often the drivers of the mail stages, when they
got'into any very bad place, were in the habit
of taking the printed mail matter and use it to fill
up the holes and sloughs over which they had
to pass, so as to furnish a means for their teams
to transport the stages across. In consequence
of that the Department made provision for
relieving the overland route from this great
amount of printed mail matter, consisting
mostly of public documents, &c., which lum-
bered-the coaches exceedingly. I do not speak
now of the policy of thus relieving them from
that portion of the contract, but it was so done.
They arranged to have the entire printed mail
matter, except such as was to be distributed
along the route, sent by sea; and in that case
an exceptional contract wjas made in reference
to printed mail matter.
Mr. ALLEY. If it is in order, to meet the
suggestion of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Kasson,] I will move to amend by adding the
following:
And provided further, That this shall bo accepted
by said company as full satisfaction for all claims
against the Government for this service.
The facts have been stated correctly by the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson.] There
is no report, and the contract is not here. But
the House will bear me witness that it has been
the custom of committees frequently to report
bills and joint resolutions without written re-
ports to accompany them. This joint resolu-
tion was considered one where it was not neces-
sary to have a report accompanying it. The
faets are as stated; and the company would,
by a pro rata estimate, be entitled to $50,000
or more for the services rendered; and it is
the opinion, as I know, of some of the best
lawyers in the country that they can claim and
recover that sum. But upon the principles of
equity and justice I believed, as did the Post-
master General, as well as nearly all the mem-
bers of the committee, that the company were
not entitled to more than $10,300. The com-
pany regard this as a mere bagatelle, and feel
great dissatisfaction with the award of the com-
mittee and of the Department. But be that as
it may, we all felt, without a dissenting voice,
after a full investigation of all the facts, that the
company were entitled to at least $10,300.
Nobody disputed that; but there was a differ-
ence of opinion in the committee, and there is
a difference of opinion in other quarters, with
regard to the amount, the company believing
themselves entitled (as well as many others) to
a much greater amount than the one awarded
by the committee. Certainly it seems to me
that no honest person can, in view of the facts
of the case, deny the justice of awarding the
company at least $10,300. With this explana-
tion I call fqr the previous question.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I move that
the bill and pending amendments be laid on
the table.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Would it be in order
now, Mr. Speaker, to move to refer the bill to
the Committee of Claims 1
The SPEAKER. It would not be. Two
undebatable motions are now pending.
The Question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Harding, of Illinois, there were—ayes 45,
noes 46; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers, and appointed Mr. Harding, of Illi-
nois, and Mr. Alley.
The House divided, and the tellers reported
—ayes 63, noes 34.
So the motion to lay the bill and pending
amendments on the table was agreed to.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, moved to recon-
sider the vote just taken, and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message mtom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Mc-
Donald, its Chief Clerk, announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 454) for the relief of the
widow of Jacob Harmon ;
An act (S. No. 455) for the relief of the
widow of Henry Fry ; and
An act (S. No. 476) forthe relief of William
A. Hinshaw and Jacob M. Hinshaw, minor
children of Jacob M. Hinshaw, deceased.
public building in new york city.
Mr. ALLEY, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a joint reso-
lution to procure a site for a building to accom-
modate the post office and United States courts
in New York city; which was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution, which was read at
length, provides that the mayor and postmaster
of the city of New York, the district attorney
for the united States at New York city, the
president of the Chamber of Commerce of the
State of New York, and Jackson S. Schultn,
Charles H. Russell, and Moses Taylor, of New
York city, shall be appointed a commission to
purchase the site for a building to accommo-
date the post office and United States courts in
the city of New York, in accordance with their
report submitted to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior and the Postmaster General, and by them
approved, namely: the lower portion of the
City Hall park, containing land equal to twenty-
six city lots, or over ninety-six thousand square
feet; and that they be authorized to purchase
the same for the sum of $500,000, subject to the
condition that the Government of the United
States shall stipulate that it shall be used for
public purposes only _; and that the commission
procure plans and estimates for a suitable build-
ing upon theteite, to be submitted to the Post-
master General and Secretary of the Interior,
who, if the plans and estimates meet their ap-
proval, are to communicate them to Congress
with such additional suggestions as they may
thiiik proper: and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is authorized to pay, out of money here-
after to be appropriated, such sum as may be
necessary to carry this resolution into effect.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker, it will be recol-
lected by the House that at the last session this
commission was appointed to select a site for
a new post office and court-house in the city
of New York. Prom that time to this the gen-
tlemen composing the commission have been
engaged in endeavoring to procure a suitable
site. They have succeeded in having placed "
at the disposal of the Government for this pur-
pose some twenty-six lots at the lower end of
the park, containing some sixty-six thousand
square feet. The city of New York proposes
to sell to the Government this property for
$500,000, to be used for the purposes of the
post office and courts of the United States.
This is a very small sum in comparison with
the real value of the property. I have con-
versed with gentlemen well qualified to determ-
ine the value of such property, p,nd they say
that upon a fair estimate it is worth at least
$4,000,000. One gentleman upon this floor,
who is known to be possessed not only of ex-
cellent judgment, but amply able to back up
pecuniarily whatever he says, declared to me
that he would give $3,000,000 for this property
which the city of New York proposes to sell to
the Government for $500,000.
This commission, as all are aware, is com-
posed of some of the most high-minded gentle-
men of the city of New York, all of whom have
the entire confidence of the whole community.
These gentlemen propose, in case the Govern-
ment should desire to make this purchase and
to erect this building, to serve until it is com-
pleted gratuitously. And if gentlemen ob-
served the names, as read, they will recognize
the fact that they furnish a sufficient guaranty
that the work will be done in the most expedi-
tious and economical manner, without charge
and without a fat job to^nybody.
This joint resolution does not propose, as
was recommended by the Secretary of the In-
terior and the Postmaster General, to appro-
priate §1,500,000 to erect the building. In the
opinion of the committee it was thought best
to authorize this commission to procure esti-
mates and plans and to submit them for the
approval of the Secretary of the Interior and
the Postmaster General, and by them to be
communicated to Congress, when such appro-
priation could be made as the facts merit aud
estimates might justify. The committee thought
it best to go no further than to recommend the
purchase of the site, and that the commission
should be continued to procure estimates and
plans.
Mr. RAYMOND. I desire merely to inquire
whether the report of this commission, called
for by the resolution under which they were
appointed, accompanies the joint resolution.
