1132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
Mr. SPALDING. And should the main
question be ordered it would be in order to
pass the bill.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Cleric, informed the House that
the Senate had indefinitely postponed House
bills and joint resolutions of the following
A bill (H. R. No. 811) for the relief of cer-
tain drafted men;
A bill (H. R. No. 1136) to amend the act
establishing a national asylum for disabled sol-
diers ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 269) for the
relief of certain volunteer officers; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 272) fixing
the pay of the clerks at the Springfield armory.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate requested the' return of Senate
bill No. 527, to amend the postal laws, and for
other purposes, which bill had been passed by
the Senate and been sent to the House for its
concurrence.
AMENDMENT OF POSTAL LAWS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the Senate:
Is the Senate of tiie United States,
February 11,1807.
Ordered, That tlio Secretary be directed to request
the House of Representatives to return to the Sena te
a bill (S. No. 527) to amend the postal laws, and for
other purposes, passed by the Sonato and sent to the
IXouso for its eoncurroueo.
Attest: J.W.FOIWrBY,
Secretary.
By W. J. McDONALD,
Chic/ Clerk.
liy unanimous consent, the Clerk wasordered
to return the bill.
civil oovurnmhnt in louisiana again.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill for the reestablishinenl of civil government
in Louisiana.
The pending question was upon ordering the
main question, upon which the yeas and nays
had boon ordered.
Mr. KLDKIDGE. I move that the House
adjourn ; aml-upon that motion 1 call for the
yeas and nays.
Air. SPA LDINC. I call for tellers upon
ordering the yeas mid nays.
Ti'llers won; ordered.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
that when the House adjourn to-day it adjourn
to meet on Friday next,; and on that motion
1 call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. L1C BLOND. 1 call for tellers on or-
dering the yeas and nays.
Tollers were ordered; and Mr. EuKLKy and
Mr. Raxdu.l, of Pennsylvania, were appointed.
Mr. MAYNAKD. i would inquire of the
Chair what would be the condition of business
to-morrow should the House agree to adjourn
at this time?
The (SPEAKER. Should the House ad-
journ now this bill will be the first business
in order to-morrow after the reading of the
Journal.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported that there were—aj-es thirty-two ; noes
not counted.
The SPEAKER. More than one fifth have
voted in thi; affirmative. The Chair will state,
however, that he cannot put to the IIouso the
question upon the motion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,] that when
the House adjourn to-da}' it bo to meet on
i'riday next. The Clerk will read the clause
of the Constitution relating to this subject.
'1 he Clerk read as follows:
".Neither House during the session of Congress
shall, without the consent of the other, adjourn for
more than three days, nor lo say other place than
that id which the two Houses shall bo sitting."
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I mod-
ify my motion so as to make it Thursday next.
I will merely remark that if the Speaker had
come to the knowledge of that fact a little
sooner it would have saved a great deal of
trouble.
The SPEAKER. The Chair had knowledge
of it, and stated it as soon as the time came
for submitting the question to the House.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I will
withdraw my motion.
, Mr. FARQUHAli. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. A motion to Eidjourn,
made by the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Eldridge,] is now pending. Upon that ques-
tion the yeas and nays were called for and
tellers have been ordered upon ordering the
yeas and nays. The Chair appoints the gen-
tleman from Ohio, Mr. Spam>in(1, and the gen-
tleman from Vermont, Mr. Baxter, to act as
tellers.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes thirty; noes not counted.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of the
last vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was upon the motion to adjourn.
Mr. ELIOT. I would inquire of the Chair
what would be the effect of an adjournment
now?
The SPEAKER. This bill will be the first
business in order to-morrow morning after the
reading of the Journal.
Mr. ELIOT. I believe the bill has already
been ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will it be printed and
laid upon our desks to-morrow morning by the
time the House meets ?
The SPEAKER, In all probability it will.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That was my object in
moving to adjourn.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 30, nays 127, not voting
33 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancotm, Boyer, Campbell, Chanler,
Cooper, Dawson, Denison, Eldridge, Finok, Gloss-
brenner, Goodyear, Aaron Hardin!?, Hise. Edwin N.
iluhbcll, Humphrey, Kerr, Latham, Le Blond, Lcft-
wioh, Niblack Nicholson, Noell, Samuel J. Randall,
Ritter, Shanklm, Sitgreaves, Strousc, Tabcr, Thorn-
ton, and Andrew 11. Ward—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos It. Ashley, Jairtos M. Ashley, linker, Banks,
Barker, Beaman, Bid well, Bingham, Blaino, Blow,
Boutwoll, Hromwell, Br'oomali, Buckland, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Co'bb, Cook, Cullom, Dar-
ling, Davis, Dawes, Defrees, Delano, Deming, Dixon,
Dodge, Dumont, Eckley, Eggleston. Farnsworth,
Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Abnor C. Har-
ding, Hawkins, Hayes, Henderson, IJigby, Hill,
Hogan, Holmes, Hooper, Hotohlriss, John II. Hub-
bard, James It. llubbell, Hulburd, Hunter, Jenckes,
Julian, Kollcy, Kelso, Ketcham, Ivoontz, Kuyken-
dall; Latlin, Ueorge V. Lawreneo, William Law-
rence, Loan, Longycnr, Lynch, Marston, Marvin,
Maynard, MeClurg, Meiudoe, MeKee, MoRiier, Mcr-
eur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Moriis, Moulton,
Myers. Nowell, O'Neill. Orth, P.-,inc. Patterson, Per-
ham, l'ike, Plants, Price, Radford, William II. Ran-
dall, Raymond, Alexander II. llice, John II, Rice,
Rogers, Rollins, Ross, Rousseau, Sawyer, Schenck,
Scolield, Shcllabarger, Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Ste-
vens, Stilwell, Stokes, Nathaniel 0. Taylor, Nelson
Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomns, Trowbridge, Upson,
Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
Hamilton Ward, Warner, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Whaley, Williams, James l'\ Wilson, Ste-
phen P. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—127.
NOT VOTING—Messsrs. Ames. Baldwin, Baxter,
Benjamin, Bergen, Brandegee, Bundy, Oonklmg,
Culver, Donnelly, Dripcgs, Eliot, Gnswold, Hale,Har-
ris, Ilart. Asaliol W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Dermis Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jones, Kasson, Marshall,
MfCullough, Phelps, Pomeroy, John L. Thomas,
Trimble, Elihu B. Washburnc, Ilenry D. Washburn,
Wontworth, Winfield, and Wright—3.1.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. MERCUR. I desire to state that the
gentleman from Iowa, Mr. Kassox, is absent
by leave of the House on business relating to
the committee of which he is a member.
Mr. DEMING. I desire to say on behalf
of my colleague, Mr. Brandegee, that ho is
paired with the gentleman from New York,
Mr. Bergen, upon all questions relating to the
subject of reconstruction. I desire also to say
on behalf of the gentleman from New York,
Mr. Griswold, that he is called away by
imperative business.
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
The question recurred upon ordering the
main question to be now put.
Mr. LE BLOND. I wish to make a sugges-
tion for the consideration of gentlemen on the
other side of the House. We arenot disposed
on this side to delay unnecessarily; we only
desire an opportunity to be heard upon this
bill, and that it shall not be passed with indecent
haste at least; -we wish an opportunity of read-
ing the bill.
Now, I would suggest to gentlemen on the
other side that this bill be allowed to lie over
till to-morrow morning, withuniversal consent;
that it shall then take precedence of all other
matters, and then come up for debate. Of
course the bill will be printed by that time, and
we can see the bill and the report upon which
the bill is based. That will give us all an
opportunity to read it. I believe that all of us
upon this side are willing that this bill shall
take precedence of the other bills that were
made special orders, and that it be taken up
then and receive the usual consideration. It
is for the other side lo say whether they will or
will not agree to that proposition.
Mr. ELIOT. Before I reply to the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Le Blond] I desire to
know whether the proposition is to have the
bill acted on to-morrow?
Mr. LE BLOND. No, sir; my proposition
is that the bill shall come up for debate in pre-
cedence of all other special orders ; that can
be done by unanimous consent. I do not pro-
pose that it shall be acted on to-morrow.
Mr. ELIOT. I suppose that action on the
bill to-morrow will be under the control of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state tire
Ereposition of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
e Blond] to the House, and will then ask if
there be any objection. The proposition is
that this bill shall remain pending before the
House; that the debate to-day shall progress
upon the bill reported from the joint Commit-
tee on Reconstruction; but that to-risbrrow
debate shall commence upon the bill reported ■
from the select Committee on the New Orleans
Riot. Is there any objection to that proposi-
tion?
Mr. WARD, of New York. I would inquire
whether the debate upon this bill is to be
unlimited?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. That matter will
be under the control of the House.
Mr. WARD, of New York. They can fili-
buster to-morrow as well as now.
Mr. STEVENS. - If I understand the prop-
osition, it is that this bill shall come up .for
debate to-morrow. I would inquire if the
previous question has not been seconded?
The SPEAKER. It has ; but if this propo-
sition is agreed to by unanimous consent the
operation of the previous question will be dis-
pensed with.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I must object to that
part of the proposition.
Mr. ELIOT. I hope the gentleman will not
object. It is very hard to ask gentlemen to
vote upon this bill without any opportunity for
discussion.
Mr. STEVENS. It is very hard to be incu-
bating here for a week or two and then find
everything addled. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, that
if the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Le Blond] shall be agreed to, and the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot]
shall signify to the Chair to-morrow or any
other day that he desires to obtain the floor in
order to move the previous question on this
bill, the Chair according to usage will recog-
nize the gentleman, he having reported the bill,
as entitled to take the floor for the purpose of
closing debate.
Mr. STEVEN S. I cannot agree to that.
The SPEAKER. Then the question recurs
upon ordering the main question to be now put.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the previous question was
seconded.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
