1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1133
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays cannot
be ordered on the reconsideration of a motion
which cannot be decidod by yens and nays.
Mr. ELIOT. If the seconding of the pre-
vious question be reconsidered will that have
any effect in bringing about what the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Le Blond] proposes, and
what 1 myself desire to have done?
The SPEAKER. If the motion to recon-
sider shall prevail, the bill will then be before
the House for debate and action.
Mr. ELIOT. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Fatiksworth] will not* press his
motion to reconsider.
Mr. FAIINSWORTH. I must insist upon
my motion.
The question was then taken upon laying
on the table the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the previous question was sec-
onded; and upon a division, there were—ayes
50, noes 58.
Mr. ALLISON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Allison
and Fauxswoiith were appointed.
The House divided j andlhe tellers reported
—ayes 65, noes GO.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on
the table.
The question then recurred on reconsidering
the vote by which the previous question had
been seconded.
Mr. ALLISON callcd for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Siitclla-
BAncnn and Le Bi.on'd were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 01, noes GG.
So the motion to reconsidcr was not agreed
to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs,
"Shall the main question be now put?" on
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. ELIOT. Before the roll-call is pro-
ceeded with I desire to inquire whether I
understand the proposition of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Lio Blond.] I am very de-
sirous that the House should have an oppor-
tunity to discuss this subject, but 
Mr. ALLISON. I objeel to debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order
pending the operation of the previous ques-
tion.
The question was taken on ordering the
main question ; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 8-1, nays 51), not voting 47;
as follows:
YEAS—Allcv, AUi^on, Arnell, James M.
Ashley, Baldwin, Dank*. Barker, IKxtcr. Ucatnnn,
Blaine, Blow, Boutwi 1!. l>rooin.ill, HeaderW Clarke,
SidneyClarko, Cobb, Cook. Cuilom, Doming, Dixon,
Donnelly, Dumont, Kckley, Eggleston, Khof, Far-
qnhar, Ferry, Grinnell. Hayes, Henderson, Uigby,
Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Ifotchki0*, John 1L Hubbard,
Hulburd, lngcr«oll, Julian, Kelley. Koontz, George
V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear,
Lynch. Maynard, M«'Clurg, Mclndoe, McKuer, Mer-
cur, Millei, Mori i«, jMoulton, Myers. Newell, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine. Patterson, Peiham, Pike, Price, Alex-
ander II. llice, 3toUms, Sawyer, ScoficM, Shollabar-
ger, Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Stokes, Trovv-
hridtre, Upson. Van Aernam, Hurt Van Horn, Hamil-
ton Ward, Warner, William J>. Washburn, Went-
woilh, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Woo-lhridge—Sf.
NAYS—Me«vcs. Arcona, Baker, Bingham. Boyer,
Campbell, Chanler. Cooper, Davis, Dawes, Dcnison,
Dodge, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Fiuck, Glossbrenncr,
Goodyear, Aaron ILirding, Hawkins, Hi^e, llogan,
Edwin N. Ilubbell, James It. ILubbolI? Humphrey,
Hunter. Kerr, Kujkendall, L.ifhn, Latham, Le
Blond, Loftwieh, Marvin, Mrlvee, Kiblaek, Nichol-
son, Nooll, Ph'dps, Plinth, Hadford, "William II.
Randall, Raymond, Kilter, liters Ho*-, Rousseau,
Schenek. Shanklm, Sitgreaves, Stilweli, Strong, Ta-
ber, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Thayer,
France Thomas, Thornton, Robert T.\ an Horn, An-
drew H. Ward, Whaley, and Windom—5'.).
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arne*. Anderson, Dr-los
R. Ashley, Benjamin, Bergen, Bidwel), Brandegce,
Bromwell, Buckland, Bun<ly, Conkling,Culver,Dar-
Rnu, Dawon, Dofroes, Delano, Driggs, Garfield,
Griswold, Hale, Abner C. Hardin?, Harris, Hart,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas
Hubbard, Jenckes, Jones, Kasson, Kelso, Kctcham,
Marshall, Marston, MoCulIough. Moorhead, Morrill.
Pomeroy, Samuel J. Randall, John II. Rice, John
L. Thomas, Trimble, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry
D Washburn, Welker, Williams, Winfield, and
Wright—47.
So the main question was ordered.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to reconsider tlie vote
just taken; and also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. FINCIv. On that motion I call for tlio
yeaa and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PINCK. Ts it in order to move to lay
the bill on the tabic?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. FINCK. I make that motion.
Mr. ELD-RIDGE. On that motion 1 call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. ELIOT. I desire an opportunity to
say one word before the roll is called.
'Mr. ELDRIDGE.. I object.
Mr. BROOMALL. Is it in order to call for
the reading of the bill at this time?
The SPEAKER. It is. A motion to lay
on the table having been made the bill is in a
different sta^e.
Mr. BROOMALL. I call for the reading
of the bill.
Mr. ELIOT. Before the Clerk reads the
bill I desire to announce that it is my purpose
before the vote is taken to move an adjourn-
ment so that gentlemen may have an oppor-
tunity to read the bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGrB. Why cannot the gentle-
man move to adjourn now, leaving the bill in
its present position?
The SPEAKER. A motion to adjourn
would be in order, having priority of the
motion to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, it is very obvious
that we cannot profitably continue our session
to-day. It is very desirable that gentlemen
shall have an opportunity to road the bill
before they are called upon to vote on it. in
order that this opportunity may be afforded,
and that we may dispense with needless mo-
tions and roll-calls, 1 move that the House now
adjourn.
IIXItOLlED r.lhh FI05ED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled Ilotise bill
No. 183, concerning the fne department of
Washington city; when the Speaker signed
the same.
J'KOFHSt'OK Ad WK's VISIT TO ISUAZII,.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the United States, transmitting, m compli-
ance with a resolution of the House asking " for
any official correspondence which may have
taken place in regard to the visit of Professor
Agassiz to Brazil," a report from the Secretary
of State; which were lef'erred to the Commit-
tee on Poieign Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
MAII, CONTACT FINES, KTC.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House, in compliance with law,
a report of the fines and deductions from the
pay of contractors during the j ear ending June
">0, 1800; which was laid upon the table, the
law providing that such reports shall not be
ordered to be printed.
QUARTERMASTER CIKXKKAL'S CONTRACTS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting, in com-
pliance with law, a statement of the Quarter-
master General of all contracts made during the
month of January, 1807, and those not pie-
viously sent in other n-porfs ; which were laid
upon the table, and oidered to be piinted.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BONDS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a
resolution of the House relative to the amount
of bonds issued to the Central Pacific railroad
and also the Union Pacific railroad companies,
miles of road completed, &c. ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
LAWS OF ARIZONA.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House laws of the Territory of
Arizona; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on the Territories.
AMENDMENTS OHDpJlbD TO BE PRINTED.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent,
moved that an amendment which ho proposed
to offer to the pending bill, touching the es-
tablishment of military divisions in the southern-
States, be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
By unanimous consent, the House also or-
dered to be printed an amendment which Mr.
Blaine proposed to offer to Mr. Bingham's
amendment.
CONGRESSIONAL TISMI'BRANCB SOCTETY.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Whereas a. society has been formed by tho members
of tho Thirty-Ninth Congress called tho " Congres-
sional Tempoi-nnco Societyand whereas it is con-
templated by said society to hold a public meeting
on Sunday, the 17th instant, at seven and a half
o'clock p. m.: Therefore,
Heiolvcd. That tlio Hall of tho Iloueoof Represent-
atives bo ei anted for that purpose, to enable mem-
bers of the House to take part in tho ceremonies on
that occasion.
Mr. LE BLOND. We make no objection,
for it may be such temperance society is needed.
Mr. ELDlilDGE. The restaurant ought to
be closed on that occasion. [Laughter.]
Mr. PRICE. I agree to that.
The SPEAKER. There is no liquor sold
in the restaurant.
Mr. LAEL1N asked leave to submit some
reports from the Committee on Printing.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, objected.
The question then recurred on Mr. Eliot's
motion to adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
72; noes 38.
Mr. WARD, of New York, demanded the
yean and nays.
The yeas and nays wore not ordered.
So the motion was agreed to ; and there-
upon (at three o'clock and thirty minutes p.
m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
War Clap, Tennessee, ana vicinity, asKing protection
against the judicial power of that pait, of Virpania
which they declare is used against Union men and
Union soldiers. . .
By Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio: Tho petition and ac-
companying papers of Darnel Woodhoose, president
of tho United States, Kuiopean, and West Virginia
Land and Mining Company,%_mcerning his contract
v.ilh ami obligation of tho republic of Mcxico and
for tho enforcement of tho same.
Dv Mr. CLAllKK, of Kansas: A memorial from
the'Legislafcure ol the Stale of Kansas, a-jkm1,'Con-
gress to errant increased pensions to soldiers ot the
W Also a memorialfrom tho Legislature of the Stato
of Kansas, praying Congrc^ to grant for the use and
bolit of tho "freedmen's university, sect ions ol land
in the State of Kansas, from any public lanu&not oth-
erwise disposed of.*' . . a
AlhO. a memorial from the Legislature of the Stato
of Kansas, asking that the benefit ol the homestead
law bo extended to the settlers on lands recently
purchased of tho Osage Indians.
Also, a memorial from the Legislature ot tho, ktatc
ofKansas, nrayinff for the passage of benate bill I\o.
'180, entitled "A bill to provido for giving the right
of piee'inption to scttleis on tlie C-hoiokee neutral
lands in Kansas, and for other pin
ANo a memorial from the Legislature ol tho State
of Kansas, praying that tho same aid be granted to
the Union Piicifie J ail way, soitili^rn bram-h, as is now
granted by law to the Union Pacific inilway.
Also, a memorial from the Lcgi-laturc of tho State
of Kansas, praying Consnvs to pu^ the bill to re-
fund certain bounties withheld either by negUgcnco
or fraud from veteran volunteers of company U, eighth
regiment, first Aimy corps. % „
Also, a memorial from the Legislature of the Stats
of Kansas, praying Congiessto make an appropria-
tion to enablethc Department of Agriculture to make
a scientific investigation of tho nature, causes, and
results of the cattle disorder, known as tne bpanisu
fever or Tetas cattle disease. a
13 y Mr. DONNELLY: The petition of William A.
Jackson, and 52 others, citizens of Hennepin crn^ty,
Minnesota, asking for the impeachment of Andiew
Johnson, President of tho United States and Ins rc-
m?^Mr?£C°KLET; The petition of 35 citizens of
Smithfiold, Jefferson county, Ohio, against the cur-
