1810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
affairs with less expense than in almost any
other section of the Territories or States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. On page 61, after line
fourteen hundred and eighty-one, I move to
insert:
For the compensation of eight extra clerks in the
office of Indian affairs, under the acts of August 5,
1854, March 3, 1855, and March 3,1865, for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1868, $11,200.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to that. This is
not the place for it. This bill appropriates
only for the Indian service, not for any bureau
in Washington.
Mr. HENDERSON. I believe the Senator
is right, and I withdraw the amendment. I
offer this amendment to come in at the same
place:
For this amount, being the balance due on the
award of the Secretary of the Interior to the dele-
gates of the southern Cherokees, for costs and ex-
penses incurred by them in negotiating the recent
treaty with the United States and the Cherokee In-
dians, to be reimbursed by the Government of the
United States out of the proceeds of the sale of the
Cherokee lands, $18,825.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have an
explanation of that.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state that it is
to reimburse the Cherokees who came here at
the invitation of the Government to negotiate
the treaty of 18G5. Under the treaty we pro-
cured eight hundred thousand acres of Chero-
kee reserve lands, which will of course have to
be sold at not less than one dollar an acre.
This appropriation is to be refunded out of the
proceeds of those sales. The only difficulty
about it is that we may possibly forget to deduct
the amount, and on the receipt of the money
ftom the sales of lands, it may be paid over to
the Cherokees without remembering this ap-
propriation. I presume, however, the Indian
department will charge it to the Cherokees, and
remember it.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Committee on Finance
looked at all the papers presented on this sub-
ject, and thought there was no legal obligation
on the Government to pay this money. It is
a mere payment of it now, for of course it will
never be repaid to the Treasury. Such*a thing,
I think, was never known. The lands referred
to will be sold and probably sold on credit.
Mr. HENDERSON. They must be sold for
cash under the treaty.
Mr. SHERMAN. I see no obligation on
the part of the United States to pay this amount.
There is no treaty stipulation of the kind. I
have such perfect confidence in the judgment
of the Senator from Missouri that if he will
say that he has examined it, and after examin-
ation thinks there is any legal obligation on the
United States to pay this money, I shall be
willing to vote it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I cannot so state ; but
it was my impression that it was in the treaty.
The Senator from Wisconsin perhaps will re-
member better in regard to that. I am certain
of this, that we sent for the head men of the
Cherokees, and had them brought to Wash-
ington, and the treaty was made here. Whether
it be a legal obligation on the Government or
not, jtls certainly a moral obligation. If we
did not intend to pay them for coming here
we should have treated with them at a differ-
ent place. It was rather an order to appear
here. It was in consequence of difficulties
between the Cherokees and the United States
Government on account of the rebellion that
they were ordered to appear here, as other
tribes were after the war, and were ordered to
enter into treaty stipulations with the Govern-
ment. I suppose, of course, their annuities
might have been confiscated; but the Indians,
in order to avoid difficulties of this sort, made
their appearance here, and treaties were nego-
tiated. I think the appropriation is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I offer this amendment
to come in on page 61 after line fourteen hun-
dred and eighty-one:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may bo re-
quired to pay the necessary expenses of the commis-
sion appointed by the President to visit the Indian
country near Fort Phil. Kearney for the purpose of
ascertaining the facts relative to the Indian massacre
near that place on the 21st of December, 1866, includ-
ing pay of commissioners, traveling expenses, pres-
ents, and rations for the Indianswhen necessary, and
pay of guides and interpreters, $20,000.
Some time in January, shortly after the mas-
sacre at Fort Phil. Kearney, I offered a resolu-
tion calling on the Secretary of the Interior
and the Secretary of War to give us all the
information in their respective offices or De-
j partments on this subject. We received their
answers and they are before us. It seems that
on the 18th of February the President appointed
certain gentlemen, General Sully, General San-
ford, General Buford, Colonel Parker, Judge
Kinney, and Mr. S. P. Borby to proceed to the
neighborhood of Fort Phu. Kearney, as far as
I Fort Laramie anyhow, to ascertain all the facts
and make report to him. From the reading of
j the orders I gathered that this was thought to
be necessary in consequence of the action of
the Senate or House of Representatives. I do
not so understand the action of either House
as suggesting, much less ordering, any such
thing. Four of these commissioners are mili-
tary officers, but their traveling expenses are
considerable. Whether we are under any obli-
gation to pay such expenses is another ques-
tion. The proposition has been sent to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, but I do not
report the amendment as the action of the
committee. It has been insisted on that, inas-
much as this commission have been sent for-
ward to examine into this matter, they will be
necessarily put to expense ; and the informa-
tion they will collect will be very desirable. I
hold in my hands the orders of the President
of the United States to these commissioners.
Mr. SHERMAN. Have they gone?
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not know whether
they have gone or not. The proposition has
come into my hands pretty late; I deem it my
duty to place it before the Senate; but if there
be any objection to it at this late hour of the
night I shall not insist upon it.
Mr. BUCKALE W. As the Senator explains
it, four of these commissioners are Army offi-
cers, and of course their pay is already pro-
vided for.
Mr. HENDERSON. Not their expenses.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I presume an appro-
priation of one half the amount mentioned
would be quite adequate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object entirely to this
appropriation. It seems to me it is very wrong
to make such an appropriation. We know all
about the murder of Lieutenant Colonel Fet-
terman and the soldiers under him, some sixty
odd privates and a number of officers, making
altogether about ninety men murdered. It
was done within six miles of Fort Phil. Kear-
ney. They went out on an irregular expedi-
tion and rode into an ambuscade and were
killed, and no witness was left to tell the tale.
Now, to pay $20,000 out of the Treasury to
ascertain the particulars of the affair it seems
to me is a waste of public money. These gen-
tlemen would go on a pleasure trip over the
plains.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Under what law was
the commission organized?
Mr. SHERMAN. No law whatever; no
authority of either House.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I had seen it stated
that Colonel Carrington was to be court-mar-
tialed.
Mr. SHERMAN. That would bring out all
the facts.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly it would.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no occasion in
the world for this commission. I hope, there-
fore, the amendment will be defeated, unless
it is withdrawn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If this were for sending
out a commission to seek those Indians who
have never as yet made treaties witli the Gov-
ernment, those bands of Sioux which occupy
that portion of the country through which we
have undertaken to open a road without their
consent, I would be very glad to have such an
appropriation made. What has given rise to
this difficulty at Fort Phil. Kearney is simply
this: the Government of the United States, by
a law of Congress, has directed a military road
to be opened right through the very heart of
the Indian country, where they live and where
they get their supplies, and that road being
opened and the emigrants going through the
heart of this country we are making war on
the Indians. That war has been going on for
some time with those bands of Sioux. They
have not treated for peace to cede that portion
of the country, and now we are at war with
them. It will cost hundreds of thousands of
dollars and millions of dollars unless we come
to some arrangement with these Indians. All
the money that is expended for the purpose of
negotiating peace with the Indians, for the
purpose of making presents to the Indians, for
the purpose of inducing the Indians to leave
1 the country without war—every dollar that
i we pay in that way is repaid to the Govern-
j ment a hundred, yes, a thousandfold.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose you would pay
them so much a head for killing our soldiers!
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No ; I do not propose
to pay them for killing our soldiers. I say that
when we, the Congress of the United States,
direct the opening of a traveled road, an emi-
grant road right through the heart of an Indian
country, with which Indians we have not made
any treaty arrangement to obtain from them
the right to pass through that country, we make
war on them ; we are the aggressors; we begin
the war, because our going into the heart of
their country deprives them of the means of
living; we cut off their supplies; we drive
away their game; we drive the Indians from
their homes. It is war by us on them just as
this late military order of General Sherman that
not an Indian between the Platte and the Ar-
kansas rivers must be found—not one, although
so far as treaty stipulations are concerned we
have expressly provided in our treaties with the
Indians that they may hunt there until we find
homes for them on which we can place them
and withdraw them from that country. Such
orders are in substance a declaration of war.
We must look at these things as they are, and
upon the Indian tribes that are in that coun-
try, and recognize the fact that we, being at
war with these Indians, they, in the war which
they prosecute against us, led our men into
ambuscade and killed them. It was an act of
war on their part. This war, as a matter of
course, will go on unless we come to some
terms of peace ; and here permit me to say
that it would be economy on our part to do
anything to feed these Indians and to induce
them to leave that country rather than go to
war with them.
These are the facts. The rush of our people
into the Indian country and the taking posses-
sion of their homes without their consent
bring on nearly all of our Indian difficulties.
The only objection I have to this amendment
is that it does not propose to authorize these
commissioners to treat wi'h these Indians for
peace in that country. If we must have their
country, let us treat with them as to the terms
on which they will surrender it and give it up
to us. That is the fair and honorable and
manly way in which to deal with these tribes.
But if we insist on these military orders and
sending out our troops to drive the Indians
.from the plains, from such vast countries as
those between the Platte and the Arkansas, to
drive them off from the valleys along the base
of the mountain ranges near Fort Phil. Kear-
ney and Fort Reno up into the Territory of
Montana, we shall have a universal Indian war
that will rage from the British Possessions on
the north to Mexico on the south, and it will
cost the Government at least S50,000,000.
Now, Mr. President, I think that so far as
this appropriation is concerned, if the amend-
, ment were amended so as to authorize these
gentlemen to treat with these Indians for the
J peaceful occupation of that country and for
I peace, it would be a good thing.
I Mr. CONNESS. I think perhaps it is a good
