1136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
Let the President of the United States obey
{he laws. If he do not obey the laws let him
do it at his peril.
But, sir, there is a kind of timidity and dread
that we, in executing our constitutional powers,
shall bring some dreadful calamity upon this
great nation. Mr. President, this nation has
come victorious out of the most terrible rebel-
lion that the world lias ever seen. It has
fought Jeff. Davis for four years, sustained by
the inhabitants of the rebel States; it has .con-
(juered-the rebellion ; and now, sir, what fearful
calamity could be brought upon this nation by
our exercising our constitutional rights? Mr.
President, the removal by impeachment of a
man who has violated the Constitution and who
ought to be removed—I care not whether he
be President of the United States, or occupies
the chair which you so ably fill, or what posi-
tion he occupies—would produce about the
same amount of excitement in the country that
the removal of the custom-house officer in the
city of New York would occasion, and not any
more.
This people has decreed, and that decree
has been registered on high, that this nation
shall stand; and no man, and no set and no
combination of men, I care not whether it be
headed by Jefferson Davis or Andrew John-
son or any other living man, can overthrow it.
It has withstood every assault, and it will stand
against every assault that will ever bo made
upon it. 1 hope, Mr. President, that the res-
olution will be adopted.
Mr. DIXON. Is the resolution before the
Senate ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not yet.
^ Mr. VIXON. Whan it shall be before the
Senate I desire to propose an amendment to it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I ask
for a vote.
The PUESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will take the vote as soon as debate ceases
upon the question whether the resolution
shall he taken up.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator from Michigan
lias said with truth that it is important to know
whether the President of the United States
exceeded his authority in appointing provis-
ional governors. So far I agree with him.
Perhaps I should not agree with him as to the
propriety of a Senator rising here in his place
and calling on the House of Representatives
to impeach the President; but in not agreeing
with him perhaps I may be wrong. The Sena-
tor of course knows what it is proper for him
to say; but it struck me while I was listening
to the remarks of the Senator that he was not
adding very much to the credit for impartiality
as a judge which lie will desire to have if an
impeachment ever comes before this body, and
he shall sit here with his ermine on as one of the
judges to t ry the case. It strikes me that what
he has said will not add much to that credit
for impartiality which the Senator already has.
JSut, sir, whether his remarks are proper at
this time is not for me to dccide: that is a
question for himself.
The Senator says that it is very desirable
to know whether President Johnson had a
right to appoint provisional governors. I agree
that it is important, more especially if that is
to be the basis of an impeachment, as I take it
for granted it is from the remarks which have
laden from the Senator from Michigan. It is
also important to know what have been the
precedents on this subjcct; it is important to
know what other Presidents have done under
like circumstances; and therefore I shall ask
the Senator to consent, and if he does not con-
sent 1 shall ask the Senate to vote, to insert in
the resolution an amendment to this effect, that
the committee be instructed to inquire whether
Abraham Lincoln, late President of the Uni-
ted States, and Andrew Johnson tfho have
both performed these acts had authority to do
them. I shall propose when the resolution is
before the Senate something in these words, to
insert before the words "Andrew Johnson"
the words "Abraham Lincoln, late President
of the United States," and then to continue,
"and Andrew Johnson, acting President," ac-
cording to the Senator's expression, so as to
inquire whether they had this authority. I
presume there will be no objection to this
amendment, more especially as the Senator is
mistaken in saying that President Lincoln only
appointed Andrew Johnson military governor
of Tennessee and made him a brigadier gen-
eral. The gentleman is mistaken in. point of
fact in regard to that. Andrew Johnson was
appointed military governor expressly without
reference to his commission.
But aside from that, take the case of Ed-
ward Stanly. Edward Stanly was not a brig-
adier general of the United States when he was
appointed provisional governor of North Caro-
lina. I presume the Senate will consent to
this amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution is not yet before the Senate; the ques-
tion is on the motion to take it up for consid-
eration.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution is before the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. I offer the following
amendment to the resolution: in line four of
the resolution strike out the word "Vice," and
in lines five and six strike out the words'" and
acting President;" so to read "whether
Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, at any time," &c.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am informed that as
the resolution was originally drawn it gives
the true title by which lie should be addressed,
and I believe it to be so ; still it is perfectly
immaterial.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that, as the Con-
stitution makes the Vice President President
to all intents and purposes, we shall not in any
formal proceedings adopt any form of language
which shall detract from the office ; and I
desire this to be done without any reference to
the subject-matter of the resolution at all. I
hope it will not enter into the argument.
Mr. HOWARD. I like the form of my col-
league better than that suggested by the hon-
orable Senator from California. It is merely
a question of form and not, as I think, a ques-
tion of substance. The Constitution does not
declare that on the death of the President of
the United States the person elected Vice
President becomes President.
Mr. CONNESS. I am aware of that.
Mr. HOWARD. That is not the title which
is given; the Constitution provides that—
t'J case of the removal of the President from offico,
or ot his death, resignation, or inability to discharge
the powers! and duties of tlio said office, the satiic
shall devolve upon tlio Vice President."
This contemplates a case in which the Presi-
dent ol the United States proper may be still
in life although unable to discharge the duties
of the office. In that ease it seems to mo that
we should hardly call the locum tenens of the
office, which would be the position occupied
by the Vice President, the President of the
United States. I therefore prefer the form
contained in my colleague's resolution. There
is m it certainly nothing disrespectful to the
gentleman who now occupies and performs the
presidential functions. II we are to consult
perfect accuracy I think the form of my col-
league is to be preferred.
Mr. CONNESS. I apprehend that if the
history of the entire proceedings of the Senate
shall be examined, in all the resolutions that
have been offered calling upon the President
of the United States for information in every
respect whatever, it will not be found that he
has been addressed or alluded to officially in
any oLhcr form by the Senate than as President
of the United States. I do not think there is
a citizen in the Republic that proposes in any
manner to detract from the great dignity of
that great office. To adopt the form of the
resolution which the honorable Senator from
Michigan says lie prefers would be to change
the practice of the Senate. I confidently appeal
to the universal practice of the Senate for the
propriety of the change that I propose to make.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I agree entirely with
the Senator from California, as to the propriety
of his motion to substitute the term "Presi-
dent." There is no question T believe on that
point; it lias been held always that the Vice
President in such a case became President of
the United States. The duties of the office
devolve on him, and theoffice devolves on him,
and I see no necessity for varying from the
ordinary course. But I did not rise to speak
to that question. I have no objection person-
ally to this resolution passing if the Senator
from Michigan chooses to offer it and the
Senate choose to pass it. What I have to say
is that if I were a member of the Judiciary
Committee to which the resolution is proposed
to be referred, if it should be so referred in
the present state of things, I would not act
upon the matter; I would not investigate it;
I would not report upon it individually, for the
simple reason that in the present state of things
when an investigation is going on in the House
of Representatives looking to a possible im-
peachment of the President, and when this
matter is under consideration in the House, I
do not think that as one Senator I would con-
sent to investigate or form or express an
opinion upon anything that might by possi-
bility be included in any charges made by the
House of Representatives. Since this matter
has been discussed in the public press and by
individuals I have had but one rule, and that
is not only not to express an opinion upon any
subject which has been discussed with refer-
ence to the President; but further than that,
to be careful not to form any opinion or to
make any investigation whatever of any de-
scription which might tend to influence my
mind, should by possibility such an event ever
take place. I think, therefore, that it must be
highly disagreeable, to say the least, for any
Senator, having in view the fact that possibly
he may be called upon to act as a judge upon
this very question, to investigate it in advance
and express an opinion upon it which might
bind him and which might tend to influence
his own mind when he came to set here in an
entirely different capacity.
I have made these remarks simply to express
to the_ Senate my notion that in the present
condition of affairs it becomes us, every mem-
ber of the Senate particularly, to be extremely
cautious not only withTeference to what we say,
but with reference to allowing our minds to be
influenced in any degree in advance by what
possibly we may have to consider in a judicial
capacity. I regret, therefore, that this resolu-
tion has been offered, although as I am not
called upon to act on it, but the members of
another committee are, it i3 not a matter for
me particularly to interfere with. I regard it
as something rather between them and the
honorable Senator and the Senate to decide
according to their judgment.
Mr. POMEROY. I have supposed every
Senator has uniformly avoided expressing any
opinion in regard to the question of impeach-
ment. I have been asked a great many times,
as I suppose other Senators have been, what
is to be done on that subject. It is a matter
of excitement in pjiblic assemblies where we
have been. I have always declined saying any-
thing in regard to it, because I have supposed
that it was_ highly improper for a person who
was to sit in judgment'upon a case of that kind
either to form or to express.an opinion. That is
the reason why 1 for one cannot give my con-
sent even to the adoption of a resolution 011
this subject. I have supposed from what I
learned in the papers that the matter would be
presented to the Senate, and I thought that
then would be time for us to consider it. But
to consider it in advance of its being presented
in a constitutional manner I think highly im-
proper. I shall be ready, of course, as every
Senator is, to consider the question when it is
properly presented; but let it be presented
under the form of the Constitution by the
House of Representatives, and let us not in-
capacitate ourselves for a fair j udgment by pre-
judging it now.
