1812
THE oommmom&L aiom
February 23,
V *
rebellion. I do not know whether the individ-
uals of the tribe going into the war could forget
a right that the tribe had. As a tribe I do not
understand tha*. they went into the war. A por-
tion of them wsnt South and a portion North.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator from In-
diana will allow me to interrupt him, I will read
the action which Congress did take, forfeiting
to a certain extent the right of the Choctaws
by statute ; and precisely to what extent Con-
gress went appears in the language of the
statute:
" That all appropriations heretofore or hereafter
made to carry into effeot treaty stipulations, or oth-
erwise, in benalf of any tribe or triDes of Indiana, all
or any portion of whom shall be in a state of actual
hostility to the Government of the United States,"
* * * * " may and shall bo suspended and
postponed wholly or in part, at and during the dis-
cretion and pleasure of the President: Provided
further. That the President is authorised to suspend
such part of the amount heretofore appropriated and
not expended and hereinbefore appropriated for the
benefit -of the tribes named in the preceding pro-
viso,"
And for the relief of refugees, &c. The inter-
est and the annuities were by Congress confis-
cated, but the principal sums were not. That
is the fact about it. The provision of the treaty
in reviving the relations between us and the
Choctaws was leaving out the interest and the
annuities, which Congress had confiscated.
We simply restored them to the rights which
they had before.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As part of my remarks,
I ask for the reading of the letter from the head
of the Department.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Department or the Intebiob,
Washington, D. C., February 5,1867.
Sie : I have the honor to invite the attention of the
Committee on Appropriations to a claim of tho Choc-
taw nation of Indians against the United States, grow-
ing out of treaty stipulations, and to the necessity of
an appropriation to meet it.
By the eleventh article of the treaty concluded at
the city of Washington on the 22d of June, 1855, be-
tween the United States and the Choctaw and Chick-
asaw tribes of Indians (Statutes-at-Large, volume
nine, page 613) it was stipulated and agreed as fol-
lows:
" The Government of the United States, not being
prepared to assent to the claim set up under the treaty
of September 27,1830, and so earnestly contended for
by the Choctaws as a rule of settlement, but justly
appreciating the sacrifices, faithful services, and gen-
eral good conduct of the Choctaw people, and being
desirous that their rights and claims against the Uni-
ted States shall receive a just, fair, and liberal con-
sideration, it is therefore stipulated that the following
questions be submitted for adjudication to the Senate
of the United States:
"1. Whether the Choctaws are entitled to, or shall
be allowed, the proceeds of the sale of the lands ceded
by them to the United States by the treaty of Sep-
tember 27,1830, deducting therefrom the cost of their
survey and sale, and all just and proper expenditures
and payments under the provisions of said treaty;
and if so, what price per acre shall be allowed to the
Choctaws for the lands remaining unsold, in order
that a final settlement with them may be promptly
effected. Or,
2. Whether tbe Choctaws shall be allowed a gross
sum m further and full satisfaction of all their claims,
national and individual, against the United States,
and if so, how much. "
Pursuant to this treaty stipulation the Senate, on
the 9th of March, 1859, made their award in the form
of a resolution in the following words, namely:
(Senate Journal, second session Thirty-Fifth Con-
gress, 1858-59, page 493.)
" Whereas the eleventh article of the treaty of
June 22, 1855, with the Choctaw and Chickasaw In-
dians provides that the following questions be sub-
mitted for decision to theSenateof the United States:
"1. Whether the Choctaws are entitled to or shall
be allowed the proceeds of the sales of the lands
ceded by them to the United States by the treaty of
September 27,1830, deducting therefrom the costs of
their survey and sale andall justandproper expend-
itures and payments under the provisions of said
treaty; and if so, what prieeper acre shall beallowed
to the Choctaws for the lands remaining unsold in
order that a final settlement with them may bo
promptly effected. Or,
"• Whether the Choctaws shall be allowed a gross
sum, in further and.full satisfaction of all their
claims, national and individual, against the United
states, and if so, how much.
"Itesolved, That the Choctaws be allowed the pro-
♦£  it  i,i°^al0 of s??h as >aTe been sold by
tho United States on the 1st day of January last Ha-
ducting therefrom tho costs of their survey and sale
and allproper expenditures and payments under said
treaty; excluding the reservations allowed and se-
cured, and estimating thescrip issued in lieu of reser-
vations at the rate of $1 25 per acre; and further
that they be also allowed twelve and a half cents per
acre for the residue of said lands.
"Resolved, That the Secretary of tho Interior cause
an account to be stated with the Choctaws, showing
what amount is due them according to the above
prescribed principles of settlement, and report the
same to Congress." (See Reports Senate, No. 374
second session Thirty-fifth Congress, 1858-59.)
In obedience to the direction contained in this reso-
lution the Secretary of the Interior caused an account
i to bo stated, and found that, according to tho prin-
ciples of settlement prescribed by said resolution,
there was due to the Choctaw nation tho sum of
; $2,931,217 30.
I This account was transmitted to Congress on the
8th of May, 18130. In the Senate it was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, who revised the
account and reduced the amount thus reported
to be due the Choctaws to $2,332,560 85. (Senate
! IJocuments, 283, first session Thirty-Sixth Congress,
Senate Reports, volume two.)
Congress, by act of 2d March, 1861, (Statut«s-at-
Large, volumo twelve, page 238,) made an appropria-
tion of $500,000 on account of this claim, in the fol-
lowing form:
" The payment to tho Choctaw nation or tribe of
Indians, on account of their claim, under the eleventh
and twelfth articles of the treaty with said nation
or tribe, made the 22d of June, 1855, the sum of
$500,000; $250,000 of which sum shall be paid in
money, and forthe residue the Secretary of theTreas-
ury shall cause to be issued to the proper authorities
of the nation or tribe, on their requisition, bonds of
the United States authorized by law at the present
session of Congress: Provided, That in the future
adjustment of the claim of the Choctaws, under the
treaty aforesaid, the said sum shall bo charged
against the said Indians."
Soon alter this appropriation was made the sum
of S250,000was paid the Indians, in money, as directed,
and the $250,000 provided to be paid in bonds, having
been drawn lrom the Treasury and used according to
the direction contained in the sixth section of tho
act of March 3,1865, (Statutes-at-Large, volume thir-
teen, page 563,) there is still due the Indians, under
the award made by the Senate the sum of 81,832,560 85.
lly treaty concluded with the Choctaws and Chick-
asaws on the 28th of April, 1866, it was stipulated and
agreed as follows, namely, (Act first session Thirty-
Ninth Congress, pages 9U and 95:)
"Article X. The United States reaffirms all obli-
gations arising out of treaty stipulations or acts of
legislation with regard to theChoctaw andChickasaw
nations, entered into prior to tbe late rebellion and
in force at that time, not inconsistent herewith, and
further agrees to renew the payment of all annuities
and other moneys accruing under such treaty stipu-
lations and acts of legislation from and alter the
close of the fiscal year ending on the 30th of June,
in the year 1866.
"Abticlb XLV. All the rights, privileges, and
immunities heretofore possessed by said nations or
individuals thereof, or to which they were entitled
under the treaties and legislation heretofore made
and had iu connection with them, shall be, and are
hereby declared to be, in full force, so far as they
are consistent with the provisions of this treaty."
These Indians are. represented as being in a very
destitute and necessitous condition, and are urgent
in their request for an appropriation ot the balance
of the amount awarded to them, but which remains
unpaid.
It is believed that it could not be made available
to them at a mora opportune occasion than the
present, as it would afford relief from their present
sufferings and wants and furnish them the means of
repairing to a great extent the losses to which they
have been subjected during the past few years. The
balance claimed by the Choctaw nation is clearly
due them, and for the payment of which the faith
of tho Government is solemnly pledged.
1 therefore recommend that i iftt necessary appro-
priation be made to enable this Department to pay
the amount as soon as practicable, being satisfied
that it will bo of more value to them now than at
any future period.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant, O. II. BROWNING, Secretary.
Hon. Thaddeus Steven's, Chairman Committee on
Appropriations, Nome of liepresentatives.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was mistaken in the
statement I made. I said the claim was for
land sold to the Government at twelve and a
half cents an acre.
Mr. HENDERSON. A large quantity was.
Mr. HENDRICKS. A portion of the lands
were sold by the Government, and the proceeds
went to the credit of the Indians. The residue
of the lands were taken by the Government at
twelve and a half cents an acre. This is simply
a debt which the Government of the United
States owe this tribe for lands sold. The treaty
fixed it that the Senate should deeide the
amount due to the Indians; and the Senate,
being the umpire for the Indians and for the
Government, did decide that the amount due
was $2,332,000. The action of the Senate
being under the treaty, that decision of the
Senate became a part of the treaty. Now, the
treaty of last April restores or rather revives,
if there was any loss, all the rights under the
treaty of 1856.
It seems to me it is not an open question.
I think the appropriation ought to be larger
than $250,000. Perhaps it is not policy to pay
it all now; but some of it ought to be paid.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to argue
this old claim. The Senate will find that it is
a subject of great magnitude and much more
difficult than the Senator from Indiana sup-
poses. This is an old claim, not one of the
ordinary annuities to Indians or interest on
their trust funds. It is a claim that was always
contested by the United States. It was said to
be finally adjusted by a quasi arbitration made
by the Senate ; but it was never recognized by
Congress, and has never been sanctioned by
law. The House of Representatives has never
recognized J,he validity of the award made by
tbe Senate. It is a long and complicated story,
and certainly it is not wise to go into it now.
If we commence with this appropriation of
$250,000 now it will be only an entering wedge.
What I desire is that the Senator from Mis-
souri and the Committee on Indian Affairs
should take up the subject at length, and give
us a full report as to the origin, history, and
amount of this claim, and then whatever is
justly due to the Indians I will vote to pay ;
but certainly it is not proper to attach this item
to an appropriation bill now. It is not pro-
vided for by law. It is true, the recent treaty,
ratified at the last session, does revive all the
old Choctaw claims ; but this claim was never
fixed by law in such a way as to be a legal
claim on the Government, or at least an undis-
puted claim on the Government, proper to be
paid on an appropriation bill. We have inserted
in this bill all the ordinary annuities for the
Indians, all those items which are undisputed,
which are founded on treaties, where the amount
is specified and fixed. This is a matter that
has never been provided for and never been
recognized by Congress. As a matter of course
I cannot consent to allow it to be put on the
appropriation bill now. There is no harm in
letting it go over. It is an old claim ; if due to
the Indians, it has been due over eleven years
it seems. As they have waited so long for it,
I think they may wait one year longer until the
matter can be thoroughly investigated. I have
no doubt that the Senator from Missouri, who
is industrious and careful as we all know, will
examine it and make a proper report if time be
given, and I shall be perfectly contented with
his report at the next session. He himself con-
fesses that he has not yet exatoined it. The
subject was only brought before the Committee
on Appropriations recently. The letter to that
committee, whieh has just been read, is dated
February 5, 1867. The case was not brought
here early in the session, and no committee of
either House has had full opportunity to examine
the subject with care and attention. I certainly
would not for one consent at this period of the
session to put any such item on this bill.
Mr. STEWART. If this is not definitely
and distinctly determined in the treaty stipu-
lations beyond all question, we are not bound
to pay it, because in that treaty we went beyond
all reason in reviving claims to these hostile
Indians. We were more than generous in that
treaty of last year. They went to war with the
United States, cost us a large amount of money,
forfeited all these claims, and what we did not
in unequivocal terms revive and restore to them
in that treaty for peace it would be an outrage
now to pay. They have no claim upon us,
equitable or otherwise. They have been rebels,
and they have cost us a great deal of money
in that way. As soon as they laid down their
arms we renewed their subsidies and revived
their claims, treating them in as generous a
way as we should have done if they had been
true to the Government during the war. Here
is a stale claim that has been contested by
Congress for years.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Contested when ?
Mr. STEWART. Always contested ; it has
never been allowed. It was the distinct under-
standing that the treaty of last year was only
to renew the obligations that were created by
express treaty stipulations, and they were
enumerated in that treaty. It was not expected
that it would renew all the stale claims these
Indians might have had. Treaties with the
Indians generally are the greatest humbug in
