1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1137
Mr- GRIMES. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-
eight; noes not counted.
postal laws.
. Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed^ to the consideration of House biil
No. 903, being tine pension appropriation hill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, I am willing to
yield to my friend from New York, who has a
motion to make.
Mr. MORGAN. With the consent of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, I
move now to reconsider the vote on the pas-
sage of the bill (S. No. 527) to amend the postal
laws, and for other purposes, which was passed
on Saturday evening. I desire to have the
motion entered for future consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to reconsider will be entered.
Mr. CONNESS. It would be very much
better if the honorable Senator would have
the motion considered now, because the effect
of entering it will be to keep the bill back, and
it should go to the House of Representatives
at once if it is not to be reconsidered.
Mr. MORGAN. I am entirely willing to
have the question taken now, and I will give
my reasons for making the motion.
ThePRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is advised that the bill has been sent to the
House of Representatives, and it will require
that a message be sent to the House requesting
the return ot the bill before action can be
taken on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. MORGAN. I move, then, that a mes-
sage be sent to the House asking for the return
of the bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. T should like to hear a
statement of the reasons of the Senator from
Now York for this course.
_ Mr. MORGAN. _ The reasons for the recon-
sideration of this bill were stated on Saturday
evening. I stated then that it was passed in a
very thin Senate, with far leSs than a quorum
present, and at a time, too, when after the
executive session Senators were not expected
to be present. It is deemed an important bill,
changing salaries in many respects, and inter-
fering with another bill which we are to con-
sider to-night in relation to the compensation
of clerks in the various Departments. As there
was but a small number of Senators present
when the bill was passed, eight or ten or
twelve at the outside, I think the bill should
be reconsidered and more fully examined than
it has been.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senate will
not agree to reconsider this bill. It disposes
of a matter that we eannot well avoid taking
care of. The Post Office Department have
urged the measure upon us, and it has been
well and thoroughly considered by the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads of the
Senate, and there is nothing in the bill which
would justify this action on the part of the
Senate.
Sir, the Post Office Department has grown
with the growth of the country till its annual
revenues now amount to between fourteen and
fifteen million dollars. Is it strange that in
the lapse of years modifications of its own
organization should be required? This bill is
intended to adapt the machinery of the Post
Office Department to the present condition of
things. One provision of the bill to which
objection has been made provides for a super-
intendent of the ^dead-letter office. What is
there extraordinary in that? In the dead-let-
ter office there are now some eighty-five clerks.
The Department ask that over that large'num-
ber of clerks in that responsible bureau there
shall be a superintending clerk, with a salary
of S2,000. The bill does not increase the num-
ber of clerks there, but it allows the selection
of the most responsible and capable man for
the purpose of being put in charge of that
particular bureau.
Then again, the bill provides for a superiri-
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 12.
tendent of the foreign mail branch of the Post
Office Department. The negotiation of postal
treaties is effected by the Post Office Depart-
ment without reference to the Senate. By an
act of Congress of 18G3, the executive de-
partment is allowed to enter into postal nego-
tiations with foreign States. That has got to
be a highly responsible and important branch
of the business of the Post Office Department,
and the Postmaster General asks that that
bureau shall be plaecd in charge of some one
officer who is specially fitted for it. This bill
creates the bureau, so to speak, of foreign
postal service, and gives to the head of that
bureau an adequate salary, a salary commen-
surate with the character and capacity of a
man fitted to fill the place. Surely there is
nothing extraordinary in this.
Then again, there are in the United States
throe blank agencies, one in the city of Wash-
ington, one in the city of New York, and one
in the city of Buffalo. The business of these
blank agencies is to distribute to the various
post offices the blanks, the wrapping paper, and
the twine they need. It is a very important
branch of the service. The amount of matter
distributed is large, and its money value is
large. The Post Office Department here be-
lieve they can economize and make more
efficient this branch of service by bringing
these three agencies here to the center at
Washington and combining the three into one.
They have asked the privilege to do that.
The expense will probably be about one
thousand dollars more than is now paid to
these three agents; but it is believed there
will be a large saving by the greater cconoiny
that will be effected in the distribution of the
blanks, twine, and so on.
These, sir, are the principal provisions of
this bill, with which the Senator from New
York finds so much fault. You would suppose
there was some extraordinary and hidden trick
in it; some great plot to destroy the Govern-
ment orto increase its expenditures immensely.
It contains the few simple provisions which I
have narrated, and in addition to them a section
conferring power on the Postmaster General to
increase the compensation of letter-carriers in
the city of Now York. The maximum now
allowed to this meritoiious class, who perform
a valuable service in $11 seasons, withoutregard
to the inclemcncj' of the weather, often occu-
pying many hours of the day, is $900. This
bill allows them to be paid $1,200, which the
committee thought to be reasonable, and which
the merchants of New York, neighbors of the
honorable Senator, in great numbers have
asked the Government to allow. Beyond these
provisions which I have thus stated, there is
nothing of consequence in the bill, according
to my present recollection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, if I had
any sort of doubt as to the propriety of recon-
sidering the vote passing this bill, that doubt
would be entirely dissipated by the speech
which the honorable Senator from Minnesota
has just made. It seems that it is a long bill,
containing many provisions increasing salaries,
creating offices, and making provisions with ref-
erence to the punishment of certain offenses.
All thiee of these things are involved in it. I
looked over it as reported in the Globe this
morning, and some parts of it I am inclined to
approve, and I do not know but that on exami-
nation I shall approve it all; but I was perfectly
surprised to see that the bill had passed without
examination. I have thought it my duty, when-
ever I have offered a bill or have had charge
of a bill, which made changes in the laws, es-
pecially in regard to salaries, to call the atten-
tion of the Senate specifically to it, in order that
they might understand what was being done.
But how was this bill taken up? We went
into executive session on Saturday, and every-
body knows that when at that time of day we
go into executive session for a special object,
especially after a motion has'been made to
adjourn, it is understood that the business of
the day is at an end. I was not present; I
went away supposing that nothing further was
to be done; but it seems that with some eight
or ten Senators present, not a quorum, or any-
where near a quorum, this bill was taken up,
discussed in all its pro\ isions, and passed with-
out a division being called. The practice is a
dangerous one and ought at once to be stopped.
I of course have no question and wish to make
none in regard to my friend from Minnesota;
he thought it was all right; he thinks so now;
perhaps it is. But my objection is to taking up
a bill of such importance at the time this was
taken up, when Senators could not be expected
to be present. If such a practice is permitted
to grow up in the Senate we shall not know
what is done here. I fully agree with the
objection which was made at the time by the
honorable Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hen-
dricks,] and if I had been present I certainly
should have called for a division, even if I had
been in favor of the bill, for the simple pur-
pose of having a quorum of the Senate pres-„
ent when a bill of that sort was considered,
and for the purpose of opposing the beginning
of the practice of taking up a bill of importance
under the circumstanccs under which this was
taken up, with eight or ten Senators present,
and at a time when it was understood that the
Senate was not to do any business of conse-
quence. I am opposed to sneh a practice, and
tor that reason, even if the bill is all right, I
hope the Senate will send for it and reconsider
it, and act upon it properly, when the Senate
is in session and full.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not care whether the
Senate send for this bill, reconsider it, and act
upon it properly, as the honorable Senator
from Maine would say, or not; but I cannot
listen to the speech of that honorable Senator
without making a few words of reply.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads of this body is made up not quite as
well as the committee headed by the honorable
Senator. It would be difficult in a body of
fifty Senators to find an equal number of Sen-
ators such as compose the committee he has
the honor to be chairman, of equal wisdom, of
equal influence in this body, and having equally
the conlideucc of the country. But, sir, in
making up the committee—I give the Senator
my word, having had a little to do with it, an
effort was made to make it a very respectable
committee, a careful committee. But tho
honorable Senator will bear testimony with
me thaL, notwithstanding the care in making
up that committee, it is not composed of Sen-
ators that can get the ear of the Senate. W hen
the honorable Senator brings in a bill here
from his committee the Senate bows before
him, and I the lowest ot them all in obeisance
and any day that the Senator claims is the day
of tho Financc Committee, any hour that the
Senator claims is the hour of the Finance Com-
mittee. Is it so, I ask the Senator in all can-
dor, with the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads? Much business is committed to
their care. They sat upon this bill long in
consideration, ltwas deliberated on by a full
committee. They considered every proposi-
tion in it, but they could not get an hour of
time for its consideration by the Senate. That
was found simply to be impossible. What
with the bills which the honorable Senator so
ably handles—and he well knows that I but
say what I mean—getting and claiming as they
do the time of the Senate, and the bills repre-
sented by the honorable chairmen of the Com-
mittees on Military Affairs, on the Judiciary,
on the District of Columbia, and the bankrupt
bill, and last, though not least, the Niagara
ship-canal bill, a bill to improve the postal
laws is not heard of; not an instant of time
can be obtained by the chairman of the Post
Office Committee to obtain action upon it.
This day we understand was to be occupied by
the honorable Senator who is at the head of
the Finance Committee; to-night is mortgaged
for the consideration of a particular bill, and
to-morrow night is I understand for the con-
sideration of special bills. When are the
postal bills to be considered?
I say to the Senate—and I make this reply
