1867;
TH1 CONORESSIOKAL GLOBB.
878
clerks in the Departments. We provide in this
bill that those who have received an increase
during the current year shall not have the
whole of the increase provided ia this bill;
but that the increase which they have already
received shall be deducted from that granted,
by this resolution. •
Mr. PAIN ifi. I vronld suggest to the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] to insert the
words "and Marine corps" after the words
"Army and Navy." It may be that there are
no enlisted ncen of that corps in the Depart-
ments now:: but there is no reason why tnere
should-not be, and this bill should cover those
cases- :
Mr. GARFIELD. I will modify my amend-
ment so as to include the Marine corps, and
how I will yield for a few moments to the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
[Mr, MoRTiir.i,.]
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the House to that portion of the printed
bill, at the end, which is stricken out in the
substitute. I think there is something good in
the lines thus stricken out, and if the reasons
offered by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gab-
field] are the only reasons which can be given
for striking out those lines, then I will propose
an amendment reincorporating the original
lines as first reported in the bill, with a modifi-
cation to meet the objection the gentleman has
named. I move to insert the following after
the word " resolution" in line thirty-four :
And who were in the civil service at Washington
during the whole of the fiscal year ending- June 30,
1866, or who prior to such appointment in the civil
service have been in the military or naval serricc of
the United States between the 12thday of April, 1861,
and the 19th day of April, I860, and have been honor-
ably discharged therefrom.
One cogent reason for reporting any bill
upon this subject is that these clerks and em-
ployes have suffered from inadequate salaries
through the years 1864,1865, and 1866. . Now,
is it reasonable to provide that men who have
received appointments here, say on the 1st of
January of this year, or during the last six
mouths, should come iu and reap the benefits
of this bill? I think the House will reach the
conclusion that this bill ought to apply to those
who have been in service for some consider-
able length of time, and ought to exclude all
recent appointments, save those who have been
in the military or naval service of the country.
That is the scope of the amendment I have
offered, and I hope it will be received without
any objection.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am always sorry to dif-
fer with the distinguished chairman of my com-
mittee, [Mr. Mc^tBlLi.;] but it seems to me
that if we put on this bill the limitation which
he proposes we will wrong a very large class
of persons. For instance, we would let in
those who were in the military or naval ser-
vice, no matter how long or how short a time;
while a good man who was not physically able
to go into the Army or Navy, although he may
have served in a civil capacity within two days
of the limitation proposed by the amendment
of the gentleman, would be entirely excluded
from the benefits of this resolution. It seems
to me that in thus saving a little money we
shall give a very large number of persons good
reason to be dissatisfied.
Now, one word more. I will go as far as
any reasonable man ought to go in asserting
the rights and protecting the interests of those
who have been soldiers and sailors of our Army
and Navy. For the soldier or sailor who was
disabled in the service of his country I will
make special demands for the protection and
patronage of the Government. But for the
able-bodied man, who has come out of the
Army with person uninjured and health unim-
paired, I do not demand any higher salary
than tor any other man who was as patriotic
as he, but, for some worthy reason did not go
into the Army. For a wounded soldier I make
special demands: but I have no right, as a sol-
dier, to demand anything more from the Gov-
ernment in payment for civil service than any
other man whose services are equally valuable.
As the resolution noWstandB it treats ail alike.
The gentleman's amendment makes an unjust
discrimination, not in favor of soldiers bat
against civilians. I hope the amendment will
not prevail. I call for the previous question.
On seconding the previous question, there
were—ayes thirty-four, noes not counted.
80 the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. FA RNSWOlifH obtained the floor.
Mr. GAJRMELD. I am entitled to the floor,
I believe.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] cannot retain the floor. The
previous question, which he demanded, has
been voted down, and therefore, according to
the usage, the floor reverts to some gentleman
who opposed the demand for the previons
question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I offer as a substitute
for the whole bill the amendment which I send
to the desk.
The SPEAKER. A substitute must be re-
served until theoriginal bill has been perfected.
It may be reported, however, for information.
Several Members. Let it be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Beit resolved. That the provisions of the eight-
eenth section of the act entitled "An act making ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov m
ment for the year ending Jane 30,1867, and for other
purposes," bo, and the same are hereby, extended so
as to include theclerks, messengers, watchmen, labor-
ers, and other civil employes whose pay or salaries do
not exceed the sum of $3,500 each, and including tem-
porary clerks, female clerks, and employes in all the
Executive Departments and their respective bureaus,
and in the Coast Survey office, Naval Observatory, Bu-
reau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands,
city post office, and in the quartermaster's depart-
mentofthe Department of Washington, enlisted men
serving as clerks in the AdjutantGeneral's office and
in the officeof the Superintendent of Public Printing
at "Washington: and the amount necessary to pay
this allowance is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated:
Provided, That this additional compensation to the
employes of the Patent Office be paid out of the funds
of said office.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I would not
trouble the House even for a moment, except
that I think my friend, from Illinois, whose
amendment, commends itself certainly to mv
judgment, did not make as full a statement of
its purpose as it is entitled to have.
It will be observed that the committee pro-
pose, among other amendments to the bill as
printed, to strike out after the word "resolu-
tion,'' in the thirty-fourth line, the following
words:
And who were in the civil service at Washington
during the whole of the fiscal year ending Juno 30,
1866.
The obvious and intended effect of this, as
explained, is to add twenty per cent, to the i
compensation of every one of these clerks or I
employes who may be in the civil service on 1
the day when this resolution shall pass. This
will include every appointment of every sort
that has been made within the last year or two
years; and while there are going out of the
service, by reason of changes which have been
made, many worthy and excellent men who
will get uo benefit from this bill, those persons
who have been •! crooking the pregnant hinges
of the knee" to get their places will all be re-
warded for having thus come in. Sir. I object
to any such provision. It holds out a premium
for the lowest, vilest, meanest subserviency
that probably the political history of this coun-
try has ever exhibited.
Now, sir, what the gentleman from Illinois
proposes is to retain those words of restriction
so that this increase of pav shall apply to those
only who were in office during the fiscal year
ending on the 30th of June, 1866, with a fur-
ther proviso to save the rights of certain other
classes ; and these other classes whose rights
are to be saved are those who, prior to such
appointment in the civil service, were in the
military or naval service of the United States
between the llith day of April, 1861, and the
19th day of April, 1865, and were honorably
discharged therefrom. Wherever the Presi-
dent has kept faith with tho soldiers, and
according to his promises has, where vacancies
occurred or were made, conferred appoint-
ments upon them, I for one am willing, not
only that faith shall be kept on the part of the
President, but that we shall follow it up by
increasing the compensation of those persons.
Bat where changes have been made, as in  
large class they have been, on mere political
grounds as mere rewards for subserviency to
power, I am unwilling that a bonus shall be
held'oat to those who have been substituted in
the place of at least as good, if not better men,
who did not wish to show themselves ready tff
abase the manhood which was iitthem. -
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,]
my colleague, says he does not recognize the
able-bodied soldier as having any claims what-
ever or advantages any civilian has or can have
here.
Mr. GARFIELD. I beg the gentleman's
pardon; I did not say so. * I said so far as th«
question of the Government paying them com-
pensation in civil offices I regarded them ss on
the same basis as others of equal merit.
Mr. SCHENCK. Precisely. I take it upon
that ground. I propose, as I said before, where
appointments have been made carrying out in
good faith what was declared as the rule of
appointment by the President we will save
their rights, whether they be able-bodied or
wounded; but the difficulty in the gentleman's
provision now is that he admits all without dis-
crimination, not merely soldiers -wounded or
not wounded, but all civilians. He holds out,
as I insist, a premium or bonus for subserv-
iency, which does not apply in the case of a
soldier, at least, to the same extent as it does
apply in regard to civil appointments.
Mr. Speaker, there is no use of blinking this
matter. I say the Secretary of the Treasury
and the Postmaster General have appointed
men in my district in whom the people in the
different localities have no confidence what-
ever, whom they did not desire to have ap-
pointed; and that the rule of appointment
which took place in those localities, we liave
good reason for knowing, has taken place in
all of these departments in Washington where
ever this kind of patronage could be exercised
and made to serve as a reward for subserviency
to the powers that be. And I have nothing to
retract which I have said in general denuncia-
tion of the whole of them.
I repeat, never in the whole history of this
country has there been any party so purely a
mere bread-and-butter brigade as these crea-
tures who have crawled into office within the
last year or two hereabouts and throughout the
country. They area party who do not pretend
to have any principles. The Democrats repu-
diate them : the Republicans repudiate them.
They do not profess to belong to the Republi-
can party. They say they have not gone over
to the Democrats, and yet they have commended
themselves to the powers in authority so as to
obtain their offices. And mark you how? They
did it without any clear political creed of auy
kind but by thus abasing themselves before the
footstool of that power.
Now, I agree with the committee entirely
that w bill like this is necessary, some bill
like this is just and more than just, it is gen-
erous 1 but 1 wish to pass a bill with such a
restriction as shall not operate as an encoui <ige-
ment to this class of men. I say there are now,
if I am rightly informed, and I have no doubt
on the subject, more than one, at least one
person in theemployofthe Government who has
heretofore been in the employ of the so-called
confederacy. Yet that man, yet these men,
yet men of this kind under the provisions of
this bill will be treated precisely "in the same
way as those who bore the heat end burden of
the day when wo were endeavoring to put down
that infernal rebellion which they were assist-
ing and attempting to uphold. Though some-
thing of this kind is necessary, it is necessary,
as 1 consider, it should be restricted in some
such way as proposed by the gentleman from
Vermont. [Mr. Mokkili,.] 1 am willing to
admit something- of this sort must have the
sanction of Congress and be fixer! as the mod®
of compensation by law. because we cannot
