1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1815
Arizona lias been among the worst, the very
worst. The appropriations made and invested
in goods have been beyond a doubt made use
of for personal purposes. The goods shipped
at immense expense have been either wasted
or sold and turned to private account. We
have just now confirmed a new superintendent.
The late superintendent in Arizona was mur-
dered some time ago ; and we have appointed
a gentleman who I think is a brother-in-law of
General Grant. He will make a good super-
intendent. It will take some time for him to
become acquainted with Indian affairs in that
Territory. He has been a citizen of Califor-
nia, Mr. Dent, and I have no doubt he will be
a good superintendent; but it will take him
some time to become sufficiently acquainted
with Indian affairs in Arizona; so that there
will be time enough to make this appropri-
ation at another Congress; and I would prefer
very much, and I think it would be the part
of wisdom, to wait till we get his report.
Mr. HENDERSON. I know nothing about
it except the legislation we have had.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
frossed, and the bill to be read a third time,
t was read the third time, and passed.
reports 01 committee3.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1220) to provide ways and means for the
payment of compound-interest notes, reported
it with an amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1062) relative to the port of Camden, New
Jersey, reported it without amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to take up House
bill No. 1220, that it may be left as the unfin-
ished business to come up on Monday.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is a special order
for Monday.
Mr. CONNESS. What is the special order?
Mr. CHANDLER. Business of the Com-
mittee on Commerce. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 25, 1867.
Hon. James M. Nye, of Nevada, appeared
in his seat to-day.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
Saturday was dispensed with.
credentials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the credentials of Hon. Justin- S. Morrill,
elected a Senator by the Legislature of the State
of Vermont for the term of six years, commen-
cing on the 4th day of March, 1867; which were
read, and ordered to be filed.
Mr. STEWART presented the credentials
of Hon. James W. Nye, elected a Senator
by the Legislature of the State of Nevada for
the term of six years, commencing on the 4th
day of March, 1867; which were read, and
ordered to be filed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. MORRILL presented the petition of
Robert. Murray, of the city of New York, pray-
ing that an American register may be issued
to the German-built Haytien brig Margaret;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of citi-
zens of St. Paul, Minnesota, remonstrating
against the passage of any act depreciating the
national currency ; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
Thomas B. Wales & Co., of Boston, praying
that an American register may be restored to
the ship Agra; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a memorial of
the executive board of the National Theolog-
ical Institute, praying for an appropriation of
$25,000, to be applied by the Institute to pur-
poses of education in the District of Columbia;
which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
government printing office.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am directed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
a memorial of the Soldiers' and Sailors' Union
of Washington, District of Columbia, in rela-
tion to the management of the Government
Printing Office, to make a verbal report.
This memorial charges upon the manage-
ment of the office a discrimination against sol-
diers and sailors in the employment of hands
for the office. The memorial was presented
evidently in good faith ; and the committee of
the Soldiers' and Sailors' Union have acted,
the Committee on Printing do not doubt, from
creditable motives. Representations having
been made to them that the interests of those
committed to their charge were suffering, they
brought the same to the attention of the Sen-
ate, disclaiming any personal hostility, their
charges being against the government of the
office. The Committee on Printing have had
several meetings on the subject, and have ex-
amined a great many witnesses and read a great
many affidavits, and have come to the conclu-
sion that the allegations upon which the memo-
rial was based are not sustained.
No complaints have been sustained against
the present Superintendent of Public Printing
that did not apply equally to his predecessor,
and they must apply to any man who succeeds
him in that office. The rule of the office has
been always to give preference to soldiers and
sailors, to those who have been in the service,
in giving out employment and in discharging
workmen or in furloughing them, to give the
preference to those who are the best workmen.
Some workmen are qualified for any kind of
work, whether plain work or rule and figure
work, while some are only qualified for plain
work. It is manifestly for the public interests
that those who are qualified for all descriptions
of work should be retained in preference to
those who are only qualified to perform a cer-
tain kind of work.
The Superintendent reports the number of
persons who have been in the land or naval
service at nearly one third of the entire force
of the office. I do not believe that any branch of
the public service shows so large a proportion
of workmen of those who have been engaged
in the war. It is creditable to the craft, show-
ing the large number of printers who have
gone into the service, and also creditable to
the Superintendents of the Printing Office. j
The work in the Government Printing Office
is very desirable. The wages are higher and '
the labor lighter than in the average of the 1
establishments throughout the country, and ;
there is naturally a good deal of jealousy when
men are discharged or furloughed. The work
there varies a great deal. At times the Super-
intendent is obliged to employ all the hands
he can get, and then the work falls off, and he
is obliged to discharge a great many. The
only rule which he ought to follow, the onlv
rule he can follow, and the only rule which
the present and the late Superintendent have
followed, so far as the committee have been
able to judge, is to discharge those who are
least important to the public service.
I feel it my duty to make these remarks with
regard to the Superintendent, because I sup-
pose, under the law we have passed, there will
very likely be a change in the superintendence
of the Printing Office. I was very sorry indeed
when the President of the United States re-
moved Mr. Defrees and appointed a Democrat
in his plact? but he had a constitutional right
to do what he did, and I am not here to ques-
tion his motives. We had also a constitutional
right to pass the law which we did, changing
the office, and making the officer directly re-
sponsible to Congress; but as a Senator I
stand here to do justice, and I am not willing
that Mr. Wendell should go out of office with
any such stain on his character as this memo-
rial, if the allegations grere sustained, would
put upon it. I believe his faults are not at all
i in that direction; and I believe he has been as
j liberal toward soldiers and sailors as any per-
j son connected with the Government. In fact,
j if others would imitate the liberality which he
has manifested toward them, not only as an
officer, but as a citizen, it would be much to
the advantage of this most meritorious class
of our citizens. And as I have named him,
and as I suppose he will go out of office pretty
1 soon, I think it is but fair to say that he is one
1 of the most efficient executive officers that I
ever came in contact with.
Mr. ROSS. I concur in the report of the
chairman of the committee in the substantial
facts which he relates. I am satisfied, how-
ever, from the current of testimony taken be-
fore the committee that that discrimination
i which the law of Congress contemplated has
j not in all cases been made. I do not impute
any unworthy or improper motives in that re-
: spect to Mr. Wendell, as it is established by
the testimony that the evil complained of
1 existed previous to as well as under his super-
intendency of that office. That relieves the
1 case from all personal considerations. . Under
the law which we have passed, and with the
arrangements and changes which will follow,
all grounds for future criticisms on this point
will undoubtedly cease.
The report was agreed to.
printing of coast survey report.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, communicating, in
obedience to law, a report of the Superintend-
ent of the United States Coast Survey, show-
ing the progress of the work during the year
ending November 1, 1866, and a manuscript
map of progress brought up to that date, have
directed me to report a resolution for the print-
ing of the report; and as it is the usual resolu-
tion that is passed every year, I ask for its
present consideration.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to, as follows :
Resolved, That there bo printed two thousand
extra copies of the report of the Superintendent of
the Coast Survey for 1866, of which one thousand
copics shall be for the use of the Senate and one
thousand copies shall be for distribution by the Super-
intendent of the Coast Survey.
reports of committees.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a motion to print
the resolutions of a meeting of New Hamp-
shire soldiers, held at Manchester, in that
State, on the 6th day of February, 1867, have
directed me to ask that the committee be dis-
charged from its further consideration. It
comes under that class that we have uniformly
declined to print.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 175) to admit and pay the claim
of 1'uller & Fisher, of Missouri, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
deferred the bill (H. R. No. 185) to render
applicable to seamen in the United States
Navy and to marines the provisions relating
to pensions in the act making appropriations
for civil expenses for the year ending June 30,
1867, approved July 28, 1866, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
the subject was referred, reported a bill (S.
No. 628) relative to courts-martial in the Army;
which was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. KIRKWOOD, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 696) granting lands to the "States of
Wisconsin and Michigan to aid in the const rue-
