1867.
tm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
service, had been in the military or naval service of
the United States between the 12th day of April,
1861, and the 19th day of April, 1865, and had been
honorably discharged therefrom.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment ; and upon a division there were—ayes48,
noes 09.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. MORRILL called for the yeas and nays
upon agreeing to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 50, nays 88, not voting
53; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Baldwin, Baxter,
Benjamin. Brandegee, Bromwell. Broomall, Cook,
Csllom, Culver, Davis, Deming, Dixon, Eckley, Far-
quhar, Grinnell, Griswold, Abner C. Harding, Haw-
Kins, Henderson, Holmes, Hooper, Jenckes, Kelso,
Koontz, William Lawrence, Maynard, Merour, Mor-
rill, Moulton, Myers, O'Neill, Ortb, Pike, Plants,
Price, Schenck, Scofield, Stokes, Thayer, John L.
Thomas, Van Acrnam, Hamilton Ward, Elihu B.
Washburne, Henry D. Washburn. William B. Wash-
burn, W en tworth, Williams, and James F. Wilson—50.
NAYS—Messrs.Allison, Ancona, Delos B.Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baker. Barker, Beaman, Bergen,
Bidwell.Boutwell, Boy er, Bucklana, Campbell, Chan-
cer, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cooper,
Dawes, Defrees, Denison, Dodze, Driggs, Eggleston,
Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferry, Finek, Garfield, Gloss-
brenner, Aaron Harding, Hart, Hayes, Higby, Hill,
Hogan, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John
H. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James B. Hubbell,
Humphrey, Hunter, Ingersoil, Julian, Kasson, Kerr,
Ketcham, Kuykendali, Latham, George V. Lawrence,
LeBlond.Leftwich, Loan,Longyear,Marvin,McKee,
McRuer, Miller, Newell, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell,
Paine, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, WilliamH. Ran-
dall, Raymond, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Sawyer, Shank-
Ira, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Strouse, Taber, Nathaniel
G. Taylor, Trimble, Trowbridge, TJpson, Burt Van
Horn, Andrew H. Ward, Welker, Whaley, Stephen F.
Wilson, Windom, and Winfield—88.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Anderson, Banks,
Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Bundy, Conkling, Darling,
Dawson, Delano, Donnelly, Dumont, Eliot, Goodyear,
Hale, Harris, Hise, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Johnson, Jones, Kelley, Laflin, Lynch,
Marshall. Marston, MeClurg, McCullough, Melndoe.
Moorhead, Morris, Patterson, Perham, Phelps, Pom-
eroy, Alexander H. Rice, JohnH. Rice, Rollins, Rous-
seau, Shellabargcr, Sloan, Starr, Stevens, Stilwell,
Nelson Taylor, Francis Thomas, Thornton, Robert T.
Van Horn, Warner, Woodbridge, and Wright—53.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I now call the previous
question upon the bill and pending amend-
ments.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire permission
to make a few remarks upon the substitute
which I have offered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] will be entitled to one hour
after the previous question shall have been sec-
onded.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will give the gentleman
some of my time after the previous question is
seconded.
Mr. PIKE. I call the attention of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] to the terms
of the bill as contained in line eight, and I
would inquire of him whether, in view of that
provision, this increase of pay will apply to the
officers of the internal revenue department as
reorganized under the act of July last.
Mr. GARFIELD. The bill is intended to
apply except in those cases where the salary
has already been increased.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I desire to put an in-
quiry to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field. ] He has stated that this bill is intended
to apply to clerks in this city. I wish to ask
him whether it will include railway messengers
and clerk
Mr. GARFIELD. It will not.
Mr. FARQUHAR. Is it not proper that
they should be included?
Mr. GARFIELD. No, sir; because they
are scattered all over the country. The special
reason for the passage of this bill is the ex-
tremely high price of living in the city of Wash-
ington.
Mr. ALLISON. Will my colleague on the
committee [Mr. Garfield] permit me to move
an amendment, to strike out from line thirty-
two down to and including the word " resolu-
tion' ' in line thirty-four ? The words I propose
to strike out are the following:
Andprovided further, That this resolution shall
apply only to such persons as may be in service at the
time of the passage of this resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD. I cannot yield for that
amendment. I demand the previous question.
On seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion there were—ayes 57, noes 42.
Mr. LOAN. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Loan and
Allison were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 65, noes 53.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] is entitled to the floor to close
the debate.
Mr. GARFIELD. I yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, the
substitute I have proposed simply extends to
the clerks and employes of the different Depart-
ments in Washington the benefits of the eight-
eenth section of the appropriation bill of last
session, which gave an increased allowance of
twenty per cent, to all the employes of Con-
gress, the clerks of committees, the Sergeant-
at-Arms, the door-keepers, the workmen and
employes about the public gardens, the Libra-
rian and assistant librarians.
Now, sir, Congress has raised the salaries
of members, commencing with the 4th of March,
1865. We have increased the pay of all the
officers and employes of Congress by an addi-
tion of twenty per cent., commencing at the
same time. If we are to be consistent, we shall
allow to the clerks an4employ6s of the Depart-
ments the benefits of the same increase. If
we have found by experience that it was neces-
sary to increase our own pay, and the pay of
the officers and employes of Congress, in order
to enable us and them to live in the city of
Washington, there is the same necessity for
increasing the pay of the clerks and employes
of the Departments during the same time.
The section which I propose to extend is
without limitation as to time. Whether that
section will be construed to give the additional
twenty per cent, after the 4th of March next,
I am not prepared to say. It is not material
to discuss the question whether that section
will be so construed or not. If it is construed
to extend beyond the 4th of March next, Con-
gress can at any time, if it sees fit, cut off this
increased pay. On the other hand, if the ad-
ditional compensation is construed not to ex-
tend beyond the 4th of March next, Congress
can, by additional legislation and additional
appropriations, continue this increased pay be-
yond that time. My amendment proposes
simply to extend to the Departments the pro-
visions of that section, with whatever construc-
tion the Departments themselves may give to it.
I for one believe that it is proper and neces-
sary to increase the pay of that very large and
very deserving class of clerks and employes en-
gaged in the Departments in this city. I know
many a clerk here, receiving a yearly salary of
$1,200, $1,400, $1,600, or §1,800, who is
cramped from month to month to make both
ends meet, and who with his family is obliged
to live in a most humble manner, in a little
room in the third or fourth story, with scanty
furniture and but very few of the surroundings
of a comfortable home. In my opinion, it is a
debt the Government owes these men to so
increase their salaries as to enable them to live
in a manner becoming employes of the Govern-
ment of the United States.
My amendment also embraces what is not
embraced in the bill—a provision for the clerks
in the quartermaster's department of the de-
partment of Washington. There are, I suppose,
from fifty to one hundred of these clerks who
are obliged to live in the city of Washington.
They are certainly just as deserving as the
clerks in the city post office or the coast survey
or any other department or bureau of the Gov-
ernment.
It will be borne in mind, as I presume most
of the members of Congress already know,
that nearly all of the supplies taken from the
depot in Washington go through the quarter-
master's department of the department of
Washington. First they go from the quarter-
master's department of the Ariuy to the de-
partment of Washington, and by that depart-
ment are issued to the different depots. The
whole burial service, the charge of the various
national cemeteries, is under the control of the
quartermaster's department in tlie department
of Washington. This requires a great many
clerks. They have the same grades of clerks
as the others, and there certainly can be no
reason why these clerks should not be em-
braced as well as the others.
With that exception I believe the substitute
embraces the same that the original bill does.
It gives them pay from the 4th of March, 1865,
precisely as we gave additional compensation
to the eiffploy6s of Congress. I think it is
proper and consistent, and the only consistent
thing we can do. That is all I desire to say.
Mr. GRINNELL. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to yield to me.
Mr. GARFIELD. I yield to th£ gentleman
for five minutes.
Mr. GRINNELL. I understood the gentle-
man reporting this bill that he would allow a
vote to be taken on my amendment, which
was to extend this additional compensation to
those persons who, on the 30th of December,
1866, had been dismissed from office, except-
ing those dismissed on account of fraud or mal-
feasance in office, or who at any time had been
in the so-called confederate service. But, sir,
as the previous question has been seconded
and the main question ordered, and no oppor-
tunity will be afforded to the House to take a
vote on that amendment, I prefer to vote
against this bill rather than do a great injust-
ice to those who have been driven out of the
service before the 1st of January. This bill
proposes to mete out justice, and yet it does
not provide for those who have suffered doubly,
those who have been proscribed fo.r their polit-
ical opinions, or perhaps for personal reasons. .
What have we to decide here? Shall we re-
ward those who took the places of our friends,
whose political heads were chopped off? Shall
we punish our own radical friends who have
been removed, and favor those who have taken
their places? Shall we take care of those who
have been appointed in place of those who have
been removed since the close of the last ses-
sion merely because of their loyalty ? I shall
be a party to no such proceeding. I propose
to be true to our friends if I can, and to stand
up for those who would rather lose office than
betray their principles.
I regret the gentleman who reported this
bill did not allow us to vote on my amendment,
so that we could do justice to those who fell
because they refused to betray the principles
of loyalty and desert the Union cause. As the
case now stands, I shall oppose the bill with
the hope of getting something better.
Mr. BANKS. There are some officers af-
fected by this bill who have the superintend-
ency of one hundred and two hundred clerks,
and who have received from the heads of De-
partments allowance in the way of increased
compensation. They fear the operation of this
bill will be to reduce the salaries that they re-
ceive. Will it have that effect?
Mr. GARFIELDT It will not require any
person to refund any money. That has been
carefully guarded against.
Mr. BANKS. It authorizes them to receive
the increased compensation they now receive.
Mr. GARFIELD. There is $100,000 in the
hands of the Secretary of the Treasury under
a former law which he can distribute according
to his discretion. It is intended for mere tem-
porary clerks.
Mr." HUBBARD, of Connecticut. The gen-
tleman who has charge of the bill will yield to
me for a moment. I thought there were great
defects in the original bill, but I have become
persuaded that those defects have been cured
by the substitute.
The first object of the American Congress es
to do right, and the second to give the public
satisfaction. It is impossible, in passing such
ameasure of relief, to make this discriminations
