1816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GI.Q8E3.
February 25,
tion of the Wisconsin and Lake Superior rail-
road and its branch, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 916)
for the relief of Jame  M. Bishop, who claims
$23G, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 966) for the
relief of Ernest F. Klienschmidt, of Cincin-
nati, Ohio, reported it without amendment.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the Speaker had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 682) for the relief of Cap-
tain John J. Young, of the United States Navy;
A bill (H. R. No. 820) for the relief of
Henry S. Davis; and
A bill (S. No. 417) to amend an act entitled
"An act further to provide for the safety of the
lives of passengers on vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam, to regulate the
salaries of steamboat inspectors, and for other
purpose*)" approved July 25, 1866.
bills introduced.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 62<J) to authorize the creation of a board
of survey of the Navy; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. GRIMES. I am impressed with the idea
that there may be some importance in this bill.
I do not expect to call it up for consideration
at this session, and do not care about its being
referred. I am content that it shall lie on the
table and be printed; and in order that there
may be an expression of opinion in regard to
the proposition contained in it on the part of
the profession whom it principally affects, I
move that two hundred extra copies of the bill
be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be laid upon the table and printed if
there be no objection; and the motion to
print two hundred extra copies will go to the
Committee on Printing, under the rule.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 627) to consolidate the national debt, and
to provide for its payment; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not propose to urge
the passage of that bill at the present session
of Congress, for I know the pressure of cur-
rent business will prevent its consideration.
I deem it my duty, however, to present the
bill in order that it may be printed and laid
on our tables, and with the notice that I shall
call it up at the next session, or early in the
regular session probably, for action. It pro-
poses to deal with the question "of funding the
public debt, and to adjust the taxation by the
United States of Government securities. I
move that it lie upon the table, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 629) for the relief of Martha Hyatt; which
was read twice by its title, and refenfed to the
Committee on Pensions.
INSTRUCTIONS TO SENATOR PATTERSON.
Mr. PATTERSON. I have had in my pos-
session for the last four or five days a resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of Tennes-
see, asking me to resign my seat in the Senate
of the United States. I deem it respectful to
the people of my native State, as well as to
the Senate and to myself, to present this reso-
lution. I do not wish to enter into any discus-
sion to-day upon the resolution which I now
present; but on another occasion, and at a
proper time, I hope to be able to vindicate
myself against the serious charges contained
in this resolution. It is also due to myself to
say that with the lights now before me I will
not obey the instructions of the Legislature of
the State of Tennessee. I send the preamble
and resolution to the Secretary's desk and ask
that they may be read, printed, and for the
present laid upon the table.
The Secretary read the resolutions, as fol-
lows:
Whereas Hon. David T. Patterson, Senatorin the
United States Senate from the State of Tennessee,
was elected by this General Assembly as a member
of the National Republican Union party, in full con-
fidence that he was a true and sincere member of
that party—the party which preserved the national
unity, and would in good faith support its principles
and measures; and whereas greatly to the surprise
and regret of this General Assembly and the loyal
people of Tennessee he has identified himself with
the so-called Democratic party, the party which for
four years endeavored to destroy the national unity,
and is giving it his support:
Resolved, By reason thereof. Senator Patterson has
ceased to have the confidence of this General Assem-
bly and the loyal people of Tennessee, and is hereby
respectfully requested to resign the seat which he
now holds in the Senate of the United States from the
State of Tennessee.
Resolved, That the secretary of state of the State
of Tennessee be directed to inclose to Senator Pat-
terson a copy of this resolution, and also to inclose
a copy to the President of the Senate of the United
States.
Adopted February 7,1867.
J. S. MULLOY,
Speaker pro tempore of the House of Representatives.
JOSHUA B. FRIERSON,
Speaker of the Senate.
The resolution was ordered to lie upon the
table, and be printed.
government of montana.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up for consid-
eration Senate bill No. 501.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 501) amendatory of
an act to provide a temporary government for
the Territory of Montana, approved May 26,
1864.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Com-
mittee on Territories report an amendment as
a substitute for the entire bill.
Mr. WADE. There is no occasion to read
the original bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The sub-
stitute only will be read, unless some Senator
asks for the reading of the original bill.
The Secretary read the matter proposed to
be inserted, as follows:
That the Legislative Assemblies of the several Ter-
ritories of the United States shall not, after the |>as-
sageof this act, grant privataicharters or special privi-
leges, but they may, by general incorporation acts,
permit persons to associate themselves together as
bodies-corporate for mining, manufacturing, and
other industriul pursuits.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the probate
courts of the Territory of Montana in their respect-
ive oounties, is addition to their probate jurisdic-
tion, are hereby authorised to hear and determine
civil causes wherein the damage or debt claimed
does not exceed $500. and such criminal cases arising
under the laws of the Territory as do not require the
intervention of a grand, jury: Provided, That they
shall not have jurisdiction of any matter in contro-
versy when the title or right to the peaceable posses-
sion of land may be in dispute, or chancery or
divorce causes: And provided further. That in all
cases an appeal may be taken from any order, judg-
ment, or decree of said probate court to the district
court.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Gover-
nor, chief justice, and associate justices of said Ter-
ritory shall each receive an annual salary of $4,000.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the judges
of the supreme court of said Territory, or a majority
of them, shall, when assembled at the seat of gQV-
ernment of said Territory, define the judicial dis-
tricts of said Territory, and assign the judges who
may oe appointed for said Territory to the several
districts, and shall also fix and appoint the times
and places for holding the courts in the several
counties or subdivisions in each of said judicial dis-
tricts, aud alter the times and places of holding the
courts as to them shall seem proper and convenient.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That for the
purpose of reviving the legislative functions of the
Territory of Montana, which have been adjudged
therein to have lapsed, the Governor of said Terri-
tory be, andhe is hereby, authori*ed, on or before the
1st day of July, 1867, to divide said Territory into
legislative districts for the election of members of the
Council and House of Representatives, and to appor-
tion among said districts the Dumber of members of
the Legislative Assembly provided for in the organie
act of said Territory, and the election of said mem-
bers of the Legislative Assembly shall be held at
such time and shall be conducted in theiaanner pre-
scribed by the Legislative Assembly of said Territory
 t the session thereof begun and holden at the city
orJJannack. in 1864 and 1865, and the qualifications
orvsters (hail be the same sa that preaoiibed b? said
organic act, saving and excepting the distinction
therein made on account of race or color, and the
Legislative Assembly, so elected, shall convene at
the time prescribed by said Legislative Assembly at
the session last aforesaid. The apportionment pro-
vided for in this section shall be based upon such an
enumeration of the qualified electors of the several
legislative districts as shall appear from the election
returns in the office of thesecretary of said Territory,
and from such other sources of information as will
enable the Governor, without taking a new census,
to make an apportionment which shall fairly rep-
resent the people of the several districts in both
Houses of the Legislative Assembly.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That all acts passed
at the two sessions of the so-called Legislative As-
sembly of the Territory of Montana, held in 1866, are
hereby disapproved and declared null and void: Pro-
vided, however. That in all claims of vested rights
thereunder, the party claiming the same shall not,
by reason of anything in this section contained, be
precluded from making and testing said claim in the
courts of said Territory: And provided.further. That
no legislation or pretended legislation in said Terri-
tory since the adjournment of the first Legislative
Assembly shall be deemed valid until the election
of the Legislative Assembly herein provided for shall
take place.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That all acts
and parts of act inconsistent with this act are hereby
repealed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee in
lieu of the original bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to know
what is the present salary of the officers of this
Territory that are now to be raised to $4,000.
Mr. WADE. Three thousand dollars, I think.
Pour thousand dollars is as little, I suppose, as
they can possibly get along with. It is much
less than they think is necessary to enable them
to perform their duties.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is this bill?
Mr. WADE. A bill amendatory of the or-
ganic act of Montana. That Territory is in a
state of anarchy. I suppose that this amount
is not more than is right for the judges there.
However, I submit it to the Senate. I have no
doubt that if any salaries ought to be increased,
the salaries of the jydges in this Territory ought
to be, for they have to wander over an immense
wilderness to hold their courts, and I am in-
formed by their Delegate and by all the per-
sons there who have consulted me that their
expenses are very high, even higher than they
are here. It is a gold region; this Territory
of Montana is an immense Territory; and I
think the salary we have named in this bill is
no more than reasonable; but if the Senate
think otherwise I have nothing more to say.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My informatio.n and ob-
servation has been that these territorial judges
generally, after a little space, either return to
this section of the country wealthy, or become
wealthy without returning. I do not mean by
corruption or impropriety, but by availing them-
selves of the advantages, which as private citi-
zens they have a right to avail themselves of,
in taking up available and valuable land loca-
tions and various things of that kind. It does
not appear to me that this is the time to vote
without further investigation to increase the
salaries in this Territory to $4,000 a year, and
I move to strike out that part of the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Vermont moves to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the third section, in the
following words:
Sec. 3. And be it further enaeted, That the Gover-
nor, chief justice, and associate justices of said
Territory shall each receive an annual salary of
$4,000.
Mr. WADE. We have increased the salaries
of the judges of the district courts of the United
States, whose duties are not half as onerous as
the duti«e of these judges, and I doubt whether
their expenses of living are anything like as
great as a general thing. We have raised their
salaries above what is proposed by this bill.
The committee have not put this salary by any
means at what the evidence before us would
warrant us in doing; but we have put it at what
we supposed to be the least they would be able,
under the circumstances, to get along with. I
certainly am as much opposed as the Senator
from Vermont can be at this time to increasing
salaries any more than seems to be absolutely
necessary ; bat in th«a« remote Territories all
