1140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
partment. It- cannot be done either by the
Secretary or Assistant Secretary except on
proper certificate with regard to all of them
that the accounts have been examined, and
found correct, &c., and maybe done by one as
well as the other. It will be all under tiie Sec-
retary's supervision. I hope there will be no
objection to it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
post oitice appropriation bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move to take
up tlouse bill No. 018.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 918) making ap-
propriations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending June'
30, 1868.
Mr. FESSENDEN, This bill contains the
ordinary appropriations for the Post Office
Department, according to the estimates. It
also contains, on page 3, a proviso with re-
fard to the steamship, service between San
'rancisco and China. I deem it my duty sim-
ply to call the attention of the Senate to that,
in order that they may know whit the provis-
ion is. They will recollect that we authorized
steam service between San Francisco, Japan,
and China, which was let out upon contract,
with the provision that the steamers should
touch at, Honolulu, in the Sandwich Islands.
At the last session a bill was passed through
this body to dispense with that part of the con-
tract. It did not pass the House, however ;
and there is now the same provision in this bill,
with the addition that a new steamship service,
without any more pay, is to he established
" between the port of Japan, used by the main
lino of steamships, and tiie port of Shanghai,
in China, making continuous regular trips,
connecting with the main line," &c. I will
simply say that on an examination of this mat-
ter the Committee on Finance did not see lit to
mako any change, but reported the bill as it
came to us, recommending its passage. They
became satisfied that on tho whole it might bo
as wise to do this, although I hope provision will
be made some time or other for a steamship
service between California and the Sandwich
Islands.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make an
amendment to the bill; I had nearly forgotten
it. I hold it in my hand—a new section which
I offer to tho bill, not however by the authority
of the Committee on Finance, for they have
not hod an opportunity to consider it since
the papers were placed in my hands. I have
thought, therefore, I would olfer it on my own
responsibility, as it is a matter which I think
will address itself to'the approbation of tho
Senate. I ask to have the amendment read,
and then I will state what it is for.
The Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
lows :
And be it further enacted. That tho Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized to transfer two clerks
from the third class to class four in tho office of tho
Auditor of tho Treasury for tho Post Office Depart-
ment; and a sum sufficient to pay tho increased com-
pensation required bysaid transfer fortheieniainder
pf tho current and tho fiscal year ending Juno 30,1808,
is hereby appropriated out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate will notice
that it is a mere authority to transfer two clerks
to the fourth class, involving an additional ex-
penditure of $400. I send to the desk a letter
from the Auditor stating the reasons for it,
which may be read to the Senate.
he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The letter
will be read, if there be no objection.
The Secretary read tho letter, as follows:
Office or the Acditob of the Teeastjky
Fok the Post Office Department
Washington, February 7,1887.
Sir : I have the honor to submit the following state-
ment:
There are in this office nine separate and distinct
divisions, the examining, registering, book-keeper's,
cou«otins P y, money-order, solicitor's, foreign mail.
and special mail, and but seven fourth-class elerk-
8 'iPh(i principal clerks in charge of these divisions,
in consideration of the responsibilities attaching to
these positions, ought to be fourth-class olerks, and
are, with the exception of the collecting and special
mail divisions.
Tho collecting division has m charge the coll ectionoi
balancesdue from postmasters, late postmasters, and
contractors, <aad there aire engaged upon it twenty-
six clerks. The superintendence of a business of such
importance, and the supervision of the entire corre-
spondence relating to it, in my opinion, entitles the
principal clerk to the same compensation as that re-
ceived by those of the other divisions. The same
may be said of the special mail division, although
a less number of clerks aro employed.
John P. Wheeler and J. O. Wilson, tho principal
clerks of these two divisions, have been discharging
theso duties for several years as third-class clerks;
and I think it due to their long, faithful, and efficient
service that they should bo plaeod upon an equality
with the others.
X therefore earnestly recommend that tho proper
legislation may be had to increase the number of
fourth-class clerkships in this office from seven to
nine.
I am, sir, very respectfully,
* II. J. ANDERSON, Auditor.
I-Ion. Hcoh McCulloch,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have also a letter from
the Secretary of the Treasury recommending
that this authority bo given, which I suppose
it is unnecessary to read.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was
read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the title
of the bill was amended by adding the words
" and for other purposes."
alcohol for scientific purposes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
joint resolution No. 163.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider tho joint resolution (S. R. No. 163)
to provide in certain cases for the removal
of alcohol from bonded warehouses free from
internal tax. It authorizes the Secretary of
the Treasury to grant permits to curators of
incorporated or chartered scientific institutions
to withdraw alcohol in specified quantities from
bond without payment of the internal revenue
tax on it, or on the spirits from which the
alcohol has been distilled, for the sole and
exclusive purpose of preserving specimens of
anatomy, physiology, or of natural history be-
longing to the institutions; but the curators,
on applying for such permit, are to file a bond
for double the amount of the tax on the alcohol
to be withdrawn, with two good and sufficient
sureties, who are not to be officers of the insti-
tution making application *, the bond and sure-
ties to be approved by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, rfnd conditioned that tho
whole quantity of alcohol so withdrawn from
bond shall be used for the purpose specified
and for no other, and that the curators shall
comply with such other requirements and reg-
ulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may
prescribe. And if any alcohol so obtained shall
be used by any curator or other officer of the
institution for any purpose other than that speci-
fied, then the curators, officers, or sureties are
to pay the tax on the whole amount of alcohol
withdrawn from bond, together with a like
amount as a penalty in addition thereto.
Mr. _ FESSENDEN. I will explain briefly
the object of this resolution. There are some
scientific institutions in the country which have
procured at very great expense a great many
specimens of natural history, and they need
alcohol to preserve them. That under the
direction of Professor Agassiz particularly is
exceedingly; valuable. I suppose his collec-
tion of fish is very much the best in the world.
It is equal in extent both to the English and
French collections put together. They can-
not be preserved without alcohol, and the
labor of collecting must be lost unless they
have it. In order to purchase the alcohol they
have to pay a dollar a gallon first, and if they
are obliged to pay the additional two dollars it
makes it so high that they have not funds enough
connected with that school to enable them to
pfocure the necessary amount. The matter
is of great importance to the cause of science
and of course to the country, and I trust there
will be no objection to it. The bill is exceed-
ingly well drawn and well guarded, and the
committee I believe were unanimous in rec-
ommending its passage.
Mr. CQNNESS. I should like to ask the
honorable chairman if he will accept an amend-
ment to allow all other persons who purchase
alcohol or spirits to purchase it at one dollar
per gallon. I think it would be a good thing
to amend this resolution so as to put it at that
price. There would be a great deal less
swindling in the country and we should get
more revenue. I think this is an opportune
period to make the change.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ We can hardly put it
here. I hopte roy friend will not offer an
amendment of that character to this resolu-
tion.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
presidential term.
Mr. WADE. I now move to take up Senate
joint resolution No. 33.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 33)
proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States. The joint resolution, as
originally introduced by Mr. Wade on the 20th
of February, 1866, was in the following words :
Resolved, &c., (two thirds of both Houses concur-
ring,) That the following article be proposed to the
Legislatures of the several States as an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States; which, when
ratified by threo fourths of the said Legislatures,
shall be valid as part of said Constitution, namely;
Article —.
The executive power shall be vested in a President
of the United States of America. He shall hold his
oil!ce during tho term of four years, and shall not
again be eligible to that office during the term of his
natural life. In case of the removal of the President
from office, or of his death, resignation, or inability
to discharge the powers and duties of the said office,
the same shall devolve on the Vice President, who
shall not again be eligible to tho office of President
of the United States during the term of his natural
life. WhenevorCongress may, by law, provide forthe
ease of removal, death, resignation, or inability,
both of the President and Vice President, declaring
what officer shall then act as President, such officer
shall not again be eligible to the office of President
of the United States during the term of his natural
life.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the joint resolution with an amendment to
strike out all after the word " article" in the
eighth line, and to insert the -following:
No person elected President or Vice President who
has once served as President shall afterward be
eligible to either office.
Mr. WADE. I am in favor of the amend-
ment, and hope it will be adopted.
Mr. DIXON. In the amendment which I
propose to offer to this resolution I do not wish
to be placed_ in a position antagonistic to the
proposition itself. I do not propose to strike
out and insert, but to add to it. As I under-
stand, the committee report to strike out vir-
tually all of the original proposition, and to
insert:
No person elected President or Vice President •
who has once served as President shall afterward be
eligible to either office.
I am prepared to vote for that, provided it
can be so shaped as not to seem to be an at-
tack upon an individual officer. I think the
Senator ought to consent to insert the word
"herf^fter," so as to read "no person here-
after elected President or Vice President;"
for I presume his object is to effect a general
purpose, and not to aim at an individual. It
seems to be aimed at an individual as it stands
at present. I do not suppose that was the
intention of the Senator. I know it was not,
for he has disclaimed it.
Mr. WADE. If the gentleman mil allow
me, I have no objection whatever to that
amendment. On the other hand, if those op-
posed to the party to which I belong want to
