TUB CQTORBSSIGNAL GLOBE.
m
So it seems they bad suspected them for a
great while.
" but what they are opposed to the President's re-
adjustment policy; that they are but clogs in the
machinery of the Government; obstacles in the way
of the early restoration of the Union, prejudicing
equally tho success of the President's admimstration
and the welfare of the, country; that as Cabinet offi-
cers, hostile to the avowed policy of the President,
they manifestly retain their positions in bad faith,
for sinister and ulterior purposes and to embarrass
as far as the-y can his attempts to heal the wounds of
the country. Being at" least opposed to his policy,
they are ificapable of rendering him th;it assistance
and earnest cooperation essential to his complete
success, and should give place to others more worthy
and competent who can; that justice to the people
and to tho Government and tho necessities and wel- .
fare of the- country alike demand their immediate
resignation or removal."
I believe they did resign soon afterward.
Mr. LATHAM. I would like to ask the
gentleman a. question, if be will yield for that
purpose.
Mr. SCnENCK. I have no objection.
Mr. LATHAM. Can the gentleman inform
the House whether these parties of whom he
is speaking were appointed in the Departments
prior to the 30th day of June, 1866, or since
that time?
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot tell. I only refer
to them as a sample of the lot; I only refer to
them to show by what means and professions
men retain office, but still more as an exemplifi-
cation of the kind of miserable, base subser-
viency and abuse of everythingbut the President
by which they •obtained office. I want some dis-
crimination which shall draw a distinction be-
tween men animated by such principles only,
if that can be called principle at all, and other
classes of men who might reasonably be pre-
sumed to be more honest.
Mr. LATHAM. Can the gentleman give
us any information by whom they were ap-
pointed?
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot.
Mr. LATHAM. Or whether they are not
honest now?
Mr. SCHENCK. As to that 
Mr. ROSS. I would suggest to the gentle-
man, in order to obviate the difficulty, that he
should provide that those who sustain Congress
should be paid. He might obviate the diffi-
culty in that way.
Mr. SCHENCK. That would hardly an-
swer the purpose, for it would take the whole
people of the country into pay. [Laughter.]
Our support is not derived from a few miser-
able petty clerks here in the Departments, but
it is resting now upon a very much wider basis,
the masses of the people, those millions from
whom the gentleman would do well to learn,
if he would turn his face toward the people
and not in other directions.
I suppose I ought not to comment upon these
men, nor upon their course, nor upon the pro-
priety of excluding, as far as we can, from the
benefits of this bill classes of men such as
they are; I know what I may expect. _ It seems
that a Senator made some reference in debate
to those resolutions, after they were published
in the public press upon the motion of this
Mr. Itichard H. Jackson, and he was met
with a response in these words:
"Resolved, That we hurl back with indignation and
scorn the imputation of the Senator from California
th.it this club is unworthy of respect; that it conde-
scends to notice but to watch him and all such Sena-
tors who would trample upon the Constitution and
the liberties of the people, who desire anarchy rather
than peace, disunion rather than the restoration of
States to their proper functions under the Constitu-
tion of tho United States."
Why, sir, this is dreadful, [laughter,] and I
suppose I may expect something just like this
with which Senator Coxxess was visited for
having called attention to the sort of men who
are now thronging these Departments, many
of them having found their way there within
the last year or two years, and many others, I
regret to say, having assumed this disgraceful
attitude after having been appointed under such
circumstances as might have given them better
manners and better principles.
I think I understand the principles, or rather
the one principle, of this "bread and butter" j
party. I have already alluded to it; but any j
one who has read the proceedings of the Cleve- i
land convention—which I regret to say was
made up in the main, if not altogether, of
those who had actually served in the armies of
the United States—has seen a very peculiar
development in the address of that convention.
The authors of that address speak of the amend-
ments proposed by Congress to the Constitu-
tion of the United States. Those amendments
are four. To the first, the second, and the
fourth they make little or no objection, or at
the best Ihey present but feeble arguments
against them. They reserve all their wrath
for the third of those proposed amendments.
What is that? It provides in effect that certain
persons who have held office under the General
Government.or tho States who have taken an
oath of allegiance to the United States and
afterward engaged in rebellion and treason
shall be debarred from holding office under
the United States until they shall be purged of
their disability by a vote of two thirds of both
Houses of Congress. Those men*who met at
Cleveland could look with calmness upon the
idea of executing rebels, of hanging them.
That is nothing more than they deserved.
Maury and Benjamin and Toombs and Breck-
inridge, by running away immediately after the
close of hostilities, evinced their conviction
that they deserved death. The same is true
of Jefferson Davis, except that he, being en-
tangled in the folds of a certain garment of his
wife, was, unfortunately for him, caught before
he was able to consummate his purposed es-
cape. The men who constituted the Cleveland
convention were willing that rebels should
be hung, were willing that they should be
banished, were willing that they should be
deprived of the privilege of voting, were willing
that their property should be confiscated. Any
or all of these things they geem to think rebels
might deserve. But when we propose none of
these, but only the simple punishment of de-
barring a certain class of rebels from the priv-
ilege of holding office, these fellows at Cleve-
land, the peculiar friends of Andrew Johnson,
roll up the whites of their eyes in pious horror
and exclaim: "For God's sake do not think
of inflicting upon any being wearing the image
of humanity such cruelty as to deprive him of
the chance of being an assessor or a collector
or a postmaster!'''
But, Mr. Speaker, my colleague, [Mr. Gar-
field,] by whose courtesy alone I am permit-
ted to speak, desires again the floor to put an
end to all debate. I close thereforewith the j
single remark, that I recognize the justice of !
some relief such as that provided for by this 1
bill to the inadequately compensated clerks and .
employe's of the Government in this city. I I
would gladly have discriminated, if it had been j
possible, in favor of those %vho have come into |
the civil service from the military and against j
those who have only reached or held their I
places by a spirit of mean subserviency. The j
amendment of the gentleman from Vermont j
[Mr. Morrill] would have partially accom- |
plished this. But. as I cannot get this act of ,
legislation in the shape in which it would have
been more specially agr<**ible to my views. I i
have nothing left me but to vote for the bill as ,
the best we can get; but I do not despair of j
getting it even yet into some better and more
acceptable shape.
Mr. LB BLOND. I ask my colleague [Mr.
Garfield] to yield to me for about two min-
utes.
Mr. GARFIELD. As no member ou the
other side has been heard, I will yield the
gentleman three minutes, if that will satisfy
him.
Mr. LE BLOND. Mr. Speaker, I supposed
when this bill came up that it was a bill for
the purpose of increasing the pay of clerks in
the Departments. I am in favor of such an
increase. I believe it is demanded by con-
siderations of propriety and justice. I cannot
see how members here who voted to increase
their own pay ean consistently refuse- to in-
crease the compensation of these clerks, who
reeeive- salaries far below- those of members
of Congress. But, sir, I have finally come to
the conclusion, after hearing the. remarks
my colleague from the Dayton district, [Mr.
Schexck,] that this is a bill for a very different
purpose: that I was entirely mistaken in my
view of its character. The gentleman has
manifested a great deal of bitterness-; why,. I
cannot tell, it is possible that the diminished
vote received by'him at the last election has
had something to do with the vindictive man-,
ner in which he has presented this ease, and
accounts forthe evident animus of his remarks.
Mr. SCHEXCK. The gentleman is mis-
taken about that.
Mr. LE BLOND. It is possible some of the
appointees of Andrew Johnson have inflicted
a wound upon my colleague, not seriously I
hope. I hope he will survive. From the man-
ner he treats the whole questian one would,
suppose some of Andrew Johnson's appointees
had given him a deadly wound and that he is
struggling to live.
I was trying to rise to a question of order
that he had progressed five or six minutes and.
had not said a word against Andrew Johnson
and his appointees, but very soon I was re-
lieved from that trouble, for he fell back upon
his old scheme of opposing Andrew Jolyison.
And for what? For doing what every Presi-
dent has done since the organisation of the
Government down to the present time: ap-
pointed men of his own choice, meatoear^y
out his own policy. But that does not soil
the views of my friend who received at the last
election a diminished majority, and he is to
avenge himself against the President because
he was not so popular at the last election as
he seemed at the first. I thank my colleague
for the courtesy he has extended to me.
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not propose to say
more than a few words. I am right in saying
there has been no change in the bill except
those recommended by the Committee of Ways
and Means. The amendments of the commit-
tee are embodied in the substitute. I trust gen-
tlemen will not be confused when they come to
vote. The bill as amended by the Committee
of Ways and Means is the substitute now before
the House. It confines this to the present fiscal
year, while the substitute of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farxsworth] runs back and
makes the additional pay continuous. This is
all in the judgment of the Committee of Ways
and Means that can justly be given, I would
be glad as well as my colleague from the Day-
ton district, if I knew how to doit properly, to
reward those who have been turned out and
punish those who have been put in their places.
I know of no other way than to let the rain fall
upon the just and unjust alike. I call for a
vote.
Mr. HILL. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the motion
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. McDoxald, Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that that body had passed Senate bill
No. 4oti. for the admission of the State of
Nebraska into the Union: in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
additional compensation* again.
The question recurred on Mr. Farxswortii's
substitute.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
46, noes 63.
So the "substitute was defeated.
The joint, resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. GARFIELD. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the joint resolu-
tion.
