1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1817
the means of living are very expensive, as I am
told.
As for the other consideration that the Sen-
ator mentions, I do not think we ought to take
that into account, that a judge shall enter into
speculative business, mining concerns, &c., as
a reason why he should not receive a salary
that ought to relieve him from that kind of
business. I do not think really it is the busi-
ness of a judge to enter into those speculations.
In my judgment he ought to receive such a
salary as will enable him to attend to the
duties of his office. The judges in this Terri-
tory will find enough to do in settling the con-
troversies that arise through the vast region that
■they have to traverse over. I say this in justice
to the gentlemen who are appointed judges
' there, and who I think can hardly get along
with less than the sum we propose. I hope
they will not enter into speculations or in that
kind of money-making schemes that the gen-
tleman supposes they will. I certainly will not
legislate upon the supposition that they will
turn their attention to these speculating con-
cerns. I hope they will not.
Mr. CONNESS. In my opinion, the worst
institution we can give to any State or com-
munity is a poorly paid judiciary. To pay
them so that the balance that they may require
for their support or financial advancement
shall be drawn from speculations, is very poor
economy. I believe there is one somewhat
marked instance of the class of conduct on the
part of judges intimated by the honorable
Senator from Vermont that has taken place,
and that was in Nevada while Nevada was a
a Territory. Judges sent there poorly paid,
having to determine questions of great conse-
quence, to decide questions involving millions
of money, it is said were not slow to interest
themselves and profit themselves. The result
in that Territory was that the people rose up
en masse and compelled the resignation of the
judges: not,however,untilafterthecommunity
had bewfi entirely demoralized by the spectacle
that had been presented and its consequences.
Now, sir, the salary proposed is not only
not a high one, but it is a very moderate one
for the support of magistrates in the Territory
of Montana. There is no doubt of that.
How it can be held that judges may maintain
their independence, their integrity, and attend
to their business, and travel over an extensive
circuit for a less sum than is proposed, I can-
not imagine. I hope that the amendment of
the Senator from Vermont will not be adopted.
I think if the Senator understood personally
the duties of these officers and the importance
of their being maintained independently by the
Government, he would noturge that their com-
pensation should be less than is proposed in
this bill.
Mr. STEWART. I hope this amendment
will not be made, for from personal knowledge
I am certain that $4,000 a year is the least
possible sum that any man can live in Mon-
tana and support himself upon. Even a single
man, without a family, cannot live for less than
that. I know that of my personal knowledge.
To have a judge depending on the people,
either forced to enter into speculations or to
live by borrowing of his friends, is to destroy
his usefulness. I fully concur with the Senator
from Ohio and the Senator from California,
that this amendment ought not to be made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am sorry to see so
mauy Senators disposed to go oil increasing
salaries, one salary after another, until the
amount of expenditure of the Government is
to be increased by millions at this present time.
I have not had the honor to be present, on
account of illness in my family, at any of the
times in the Senate when these questions of
salaries have been up.
Now, to return to this Territory of Montana,
it has not been long organized; it has but few
inhabitants; it cannot have a very extensive
judiciary system; and I suppose that the func-
tions of these officers are merely such as the
law intrusts to them. I should be glad to be
informed by anybody who tlunka that these
salaries ought to be increased, how much of
absolute time is required by these judges for
the performance of their duties in every year?
Is it one month or three or five or six months,
and what do they do the rest of the time? Do
they not, as a matter of fact, engage in busi-
ness operations of one kind or another—they
have been there long enough for us to know—
or do they really devote themselves, the same
as the judges of the Supreme Court of the
United States or of the District of Columbia,
or of the supreme courts of the States do, to
the exclusive occupation of studying and ad-
ministering the law ?
My information is, and I do not speak of
this Territory as being peculiar in that respect—
it may be that my information is incorrect—
but my information is, that these judges are
generally young men who are ambitious to
get into a new Territory, with a view to the
gain which it will bring to-them; I do not
mean corrupt gain, but the opportunity of
growing up with the Territory, of becoming
famous, and becoming wealthy ; and I believe
that when they have performed the duties, as
far as they do perform them, of their office,
they always have felt and they always will feel,
if you make their salary $10,000 a year, per-
fectly at liberty to buy land and locate mines,
and do whatever other thing they think will be
to their advantage. Now, then, it does seem
to me that there must be a point where we
must pause in this career of public expendi-
ture. That is all I have to say.
Mr. WADE. No such argument was made
the other day when we were increasing the
salaries of our district judges. I might then
have made an argument as plausible as this by
showing that the judges about the cities could
enter into gold speculations if they saw fit to
do so, and perhaps more profitably than any-
body could speculate in Montana or anywhere
else. The fact is, there is no more motive to
go into speculations in that country than there
is here, and men are no more likely to go into
them. I hope the Senate will yield to no such
argument as that. If I have placed the salary
too high, let the Senate knock it down; but
certainly I do not yield to the argument that
judges must be only half paid because they
can go into speculations and make up the bal-
ance in that way. That is a new argument,
and I hope it will not find a foothold in the
Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am not particularly
advised as to the judicial business transacted
by the judges in Montana ; but I am as to that
business in Idaho. I know that lately one
judge in Idaho held a term of the district
court for sixty successive days. The judges in
the Territories perform circuit court duties.
Their districts are very extensive, two hundred
or three hundred miles in extent. It is ex-
ceedingly expensive traveling; it costs several
dollars per day there to keep a horse; feed for
horses is particularly high, and all the expenses
are very high. Then in addition to their cir-
cuit duties these judges are compelled to meet
together and hold court in banc. They hold
the supreme court of the Territory. In the
mining regions there is a vast amount of liti-
gation growing out of conflicting claims as to
mines; and the duties that are discharged by
the judges in those Territories are as arduous
and as responsible as those discharged by the
judges in any other portion of the country.
The very object, as it seems to me, of giving
these judges a reasonable salary is to prevent
their engaging in any schemes of speculation.
If they ore not able to live by means of the
salaries which they are paid, they are com-
pelled to resort to other means for a liveli-
hood; but if they have an adequate salary,
their own sense of self-respect and their dis-
like to be mixed up in matters of business
that come before them for adjudication will
induce them to depend altogether upon their
salaries for support.
Now, sir, I am well advised that in the Ter-
ritory of Idaho—and in that respect Idaho and
Montana are alike—the judges do not receive
enough to defray their expenses; and it is mani-
fest that that state of things should not be
allowed. I remember very well when I was a
judge in Oregon Territory I received a salary
of $2,500 a year. That was many years ago ;
and that no more than paid my expenses, trav-
eling around through the country, attending to
different courts, and paying the other neces-
sary expenses that devolved upon me. The
salary that this bill proposes is no more than
reasonable. There are many more arguments
why the salaries of these men should be in-
creased than that the salaries of the judges in
this immediate neighborhood should be in-
creased. I do not think there is any force in
the argument that these are young men. Some
of them are young men; but so far as I know,
they are men of families; they have their fam-
ilies with them ; and they are compelled to
support their families as well as to pay their
own expenses. As was suggested by the Sen-
ator from California, there is nothing that is
so essential to the welfare of any community,
and a pure and correct administration of jus-
tice, as to have the judges receive salaries that
will enable them to be independent and enable
them to attend exclusively to their official
duties.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say one word
further. Since this debate began I have learned
that this same subject has been under the con-
sideration of the Judiciary Committee of this
body, and there is a bill on our tables reported
by them 
Mr. WADE. Before the Senator proceeds,
I wish to correct an error that I made a few
moments ago. I stated that these judges now
received $3,000. I was mistaken. They
receive in Montana $2,500 now.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is what they receive
both in Idaho and Montana.
Mr. WADE. I thought for the moment it
was $3,000; but it is not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is a bill on our
tables reported by the Judiciary Committee on
this subject equalizing the salaries in these Ter
ritories and bringing up the $1,800 salaries to
$2,500, which is the upward limitof all. Now,
then, in the face of this, we find the Commit-
tee on Territories, not having in charge the
interests of the judiciary of the country as have
this other committee, have put it up for this
particular Territory to $4,000 a year. Here is
a very decided discrepancy between the views
of these two committees. One is charged spe-
cially with the consideration of all questions
of this kind, of the pay, duties, and emolu-
ments of judges ; the other is charged with the
general interests of the Territories. Now,
they take this particular Territory, and instead
of doing what the Committee on the Judiciary
have done on the subject of the salary of
judges, they raise these with that of the Gov-
ernor to $4,000 a year. It appears to me,
without occupying more of the time of the
Senate, that there is no justification for that.
We can find, if the committee would only take
the trouble to find and inform us so that we
may act intelligently, from the accounts of the
marshal of this Territory, just how much time
these judges do occupy necessarily in the per-
formance of their duties; and we should thus
be somewhat better able to know, as my friend
from Oregon seems to imagine, that it takes
sixty, ninety, one hundred, or whatever the
numberof days maybe, to transact the business.
Mr. CONNESS. There cannot be anyt hing
more clear than the impropriety of the rule
which the Senator suggests proposed by the
Judiciary Committee. With ail respect for
that committee and its deliberations, when they
propose to bring up the salaries of the judges
in Washington Territory, in Arizona, and other
Territories of the class they are of to the salary
paid to the judges in Idaho and Montana, they
clearly fail to comprehend the situation. The
idea of setting up a gauge and running it
through all the Territories of the United States
in regard to this matter of salary for th e judges,
without any reference to the cost of living, the
number of inhabitant and the interests to be
