1818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
determined, need not be commented upon at
all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to strike out the third section of the
amendment reported by the committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Upon that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 26; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Edmunds, Fessenden,
Fogg, Foster, Grimes, Hendricks. Kirkwood, Patter-
son, Sherman, Trumbull, and Willey—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Cattell, Conness, Cowan,
Creswell,Davis,Dixon, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Har-
ris, IIowo, Lane, Morgan, Norton, Nye, Poland,
Pomeroy, Koss, Saulsbury, Stewart, Sumner, Van
Winkle, Wade, Williams. Wilson, and Yates—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, Cragin,
Doolittle, Guthrie, Henderson, Howard, Johnson,
McDougall, Morrill, Nesmith, Bamsey, Riddle, and
Spraguc—14.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend the
third section of the amendment by inserting
after the word "Territory" in the second
line the words "and the Territory of Idaho
so that it will read:
That the Governor, chief justice, and associate
justices of said Territory and the Territory of Idaho
shall each receive an annual salary of $4,000.
I will simply say in reference to this amend-
ment that the Territories of Montana and
Idaho are very much alike in all respects, and
they stand upon a different footing from the
other Territories, because the population of
these Territories is much larger than that of
the other Territories, and there is much more
business to be transacted by these officers.
There are many reasons why these two Terri-
tories should be embraced within the provis-
ions of this bill that do not apply to the other
Territories. I hope that this amendment will
be adopted.
Mr. WADE. I also hope that it will be
adopted. I know of no difference really be-
tween these two Territories. I agree with the
Senator from Oregon, that they stand upon a
different footing in this particular from the
other Territories, in that there is more busi-
ness there, the population is filling up rapidly,
and the litigation is very great all over those
Territories.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to strike out the
word "Governor" in the third section, so as
to limit this increase to the judges. In the
debate that has already taken place we have
only been favored with the explanation of why
these judges should have their salaries raised,
because their duties were judicial and they must
be put beyond the reach of temptation. Now,
the salary of $4,000 for a Governor is altogether
larger than that of the majority of the Govern-
ors of the United States, I think I am safe in
saying, and it appears there is no reason yet
suggested why we should increase the salaries
of these Governors from $2,500 or $3,000, as
it is now, up to $4,000. I therefore make this
motion.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend the
fourth section by adding to it the words:
But not less than two terms shall be held at each
place of holding court in each year.
I was not in favor of this mode of districting
the Territories for judicial purposes; but as it
was agreed to by the Senat9 after some debate
in regard to another Territory, I suppose we
may consider it as the policy now.
Mr. WADE. I see no objection to that
amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would not be willing
to vote to give the judges power over it with-
out some restriction upon them.
Mr. GRIMES. Is the place of holding
courts designated by the law of the Territory
or of the United States?
Mr. HENDRICKS. This section says that
the judgeB shall fix the place and time of hold-
ing the courts, and I am not willing for myself
to leave to them to fix the times for the terms
without some restriction upon them. I think
there ought to be two courts held at each place
each year.
Mr. GRIMES. The information I want to !
obtain is this : can the judges cluster a dozen
counties together and say that they will hold 1
the court at one place in those several counties,
or are they compelled under the laws as they
now stand to hold a court in each organized
county in the Territory?
Mr. HENDRICKS. That depends upon
the text, not upon my amendment. j
Mr. GRIMES. I know that, but I want to j
know how your amendment will affect that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. We had better have
the whole section read.
Mr. WADE. This section leaves it to the
judges to fix the districts in the same way that
we provided the crther day in regard to another
Territory. That principle formerly obtained
through the Territories. We had the question
up a short time ago and we placed the same \
provision on another territorial bill. This is ,
precisely the same provision that we adopted
then. I think the amendment is proper. I 1
see no objection to it myself. ;
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.'
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have another amend-
ment to suggest. It is to add at the end of the
fifth section the following:
But the Legislature may at any time make a reap-
portionment of the Territory.
I suppose the chairman of the committee
will be satisfied with that amendment.
Mr. WADE. That I suppose they could do
without this amendment; but I am willing to
add it to the section.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It might be construed
that the act of the Governor would be con-
clusive under this statute. I will modify my
amendment so as to read:
But the Legislature may at any time make a reap-
portionment of the districts of the Territory.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr.POLAND. Imovetoamendtheamend-
ment by adding the following additional sec-
tion :
And he it further Enacted, That from and after the
1st day of April next the salary of each of the judges
of the several supreme courts in each of the organ-
ized Territories, except Montana and Idaho, shall be
$2,500.
The subject of the salaries of these terri-
torial judges has been before the Judiciary
Committee of the Senate at this session, and
a bill was reported several days ago making
the salaries of the judges of all the territorial
courts alike, equalizing them at $2,500. The
salary of the territorial judges in each of the
Territories for a very considerable number of
years has been $1,800. Many years ago the
salary of the territorial judges was fixed at that
sum. In the Territories that have been more
recently organized—Montana and Idaho—the
salaries were made $2,500. Our attention was
drawn more particularly to those who still
remained at $1,800, and we reported a bill to
equalize the salaries of the territorial judges,
make them all $2,500, although upo% subse-
quent examination I was satisfied that Montana
and Idaho should be raised above that. The
object of this amendment is to raise those
salaries that are now $1,800 up to $2,500. We
have already voted to put the judges of Montana
and Idaho at $4,000. This amendment is to
place the judges of the other Territories at
$2,500. I need not go into an argument to
show that a higher salary is necessary now
than was required when these were fixed at
$1,800, ten or twelve years ago. I trust the
amendment will be adopted. I may say further,
that it is with the sanction of the Judiciary
Committee that I offer the amendment to this
bill.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WADE. In section six, line four, after
the words " null and void," I move to insert
" except such acts as the Legislative Assembly
herein authorized to be elected shall by special
act in each case reenact."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. With the permission
of the Senate, I will change the language of the
last amendment that I suggested. It does not
need so many words. Instead of the words I
proposed I suggest these :
The Legislature may at any time change the dis-
tricts.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What districts?
Mr. HENDRICKS. As fixed by the Gov-
ernor.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Do you mean the judicial
districts ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. No. It is the same
amendment that I offered to the fifth section,
only in better words.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That
change of phraseology will be made by com-
mon consent.
The amendment of the committee, as
amended, was adopted. '
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suggest to the Senator
fromlndianathat, with the consent of the Sen-
ate, the phraseology of his amendment ought to
be changed a little, because it may be miscon-
strued. I think it is possible that it may be con-
strued to apply to the judicial districts when he
intends that it shall apply only to the legi sla-
tive districts. I should like to insert the word
"legislative" before the word "districts."
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is all right.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If the Senator consents
I would prefer to have that change made.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no objection.
It is not necessary, because the amendment
relates to the legislative section of the bill.
Mr. WADE. It will make it plain* ; that
is all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no objection to
it. That is my purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The word
"legislative" will be inserted before "dis-
tricts," no objection being interposed.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
bills become laws.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. W. G. Moore, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the following bills and
joint resolutions :
Abill (S. No. 347) to change certain collec-
tion districts in North Carolina;
A bill (S. No. 421) to authorize the con-
struction of a submerged tubular bridge across
the Mississippi river at the city of St. Louis;
A bill (S. No. 497) granting a pension to
Mrs. Adeline M. Gould ;
A bill (S. No. 498) granting a pension to
Mrs. Josephine Slocum;
A bill (S. No. 512) for the relief of Kennedy
O'Brien;
A bill (S. No. 514) for the relief of Charles
Appleton;
A bill (S. No. 515) granting a pension to
Mrs. Ernestine Becker;
A bill (S. No. 535) for the benefit of Mrs.
Jerusha Page;
A bill (S. No. 554) granting a pension to
John Carter;
A bill (S. No. 556) for the relief of Caroline
McGee, of Greene county, Tennessee, widow
of Lemuel McGee, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 558) for the relief of Mary
A. Smith, of Johnson county, Tennessee,
widow of Alexander D. Smith, deceased ;
A bill (S. No. 580) granting a pension to
CharlesN. Weiss;
A bill (S. No. 581) granting a pension to
Olivia W. Cannon;
A bill (S. No. 605) to amend the twenty-
first section of an act entitled "An act further
