1-867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
379
from Ohio whether that bill will lead to any
discussion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think none at all. I
presume the reading of the report will satisfy
every Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With that understanding
I have no objection.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 494) for the relief of the Winona and St.
Peters Railroad Company^ was read the second
time and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides for refunding to the Wi-
nona and St. Peters Railroad Company, in
gold, the sum of $3,424 28, being the addi-
tional duties paid by them on railrond iron
under the joint resolution entitled "A joint
resolution to increase temporarily the duties
on imports," approved April 29, 1864.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the report be read.
The Secretary read the following report:
The Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the memorial of the Winona and Saint Peters Rail-
road Company, an incorporation of the State of Min-
nesota, have had the same under consideration, and
find that this company imported in the fall of 1863
five hundred tons of railroad iron, which was landed
in New York andshipped for Milwaukee, under bond
to pay the duty then imposed by law within sixty
days, the time allowed for its transit. By the usual
course of navigation it should have arrived at Mil-
waukee that fall; but by the early closing of naviga-
tion it was detained at Oswego. It seems from the
papers on file that the company made various efforts
to pay the duty, both at Milwaukee and New York;
but the collector at each port refused to receive the
duties while the iron was in transitu. The duty was
then $13 50 perton. Subsequently, by the jointreso-
lution of April 29,1864, duties on imported«oods were
increased fifty,per cent, for sixty days, thus imposing a
duty on this iron of 32125 perton, while by the general
tariff act, which took effect July 1,1864, the duty on
railroad iron was sixty cents per hundred pounds, or
$13 44 per ton. The iron arrived at Milwaukee on
the21st of June, 1864, and, in addition to the duty
imposed by law when the iron arrived in New'York,
there was imposed an additional duty under the joint
resolution of the sum of $3,424 20, which Bum was
paid by the petitioners under protest.
Your committee are of opinion that the additional
duty provided for by the joint resolution of April 29,
1864, was not applicable to goods actually in tmmitu
within the United States and under bonds providing
for the paymont of the specific rate of duty then im-
posed by law. At all events, your committeo think
it inequitable upon the facts stated to exact the
increased duty when the importation was complete
before the passage of the joint resolution, and when
gartios interested had tendered the duties imposed
y law and were guilty of no laches.
Your committee, therefore, recommend the passage
of the following bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to bo engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
meetings of congress.
Mr. POLAND. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
830, to fix the times for the regular meetings of
Congress.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The first section of the bilk provides that in
addition to the present regular times of meeting
of Congress, there shall be a meeting of the
Fortieth Congress of the United States, and of
each succeeding Congress thereafter, at twelve
o'clock meridian, on the 4th day of March, the
day on which the term begins for which the
Congress is elected, except that when the 4th
of March occurs on Sunday, then the meeting
shall take place at the same hour on the next
succeeding day.
The second section declares that section sev-
enteen of the act approved July 28, 1866,
entitled "An act making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1867, and for other
purposes," shall be so amended that no Sena-
tor or Representative in Congress who has
been a member of the Congress next immedi-
ately preceding shall receive any allowance for
mileage for traveling to the place of meeting
to attend such additional session provided for
in the preceding section.
The Committee on the Judiciary proposed to
amend the bill by striking out all oi the second
section after the enacting clause and inserting
the following:
That no porson who was a member of the previous
Congress shall receive any compensation as mileage
for going to or returning from the additional session
provided for by the foregoing section.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
of the Senator who has charge of this bill if
the persons elected to the Fortieth Congress
will be entitled, under this bill, to mileage for
more than one session during that Congress?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly; for each session.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Each new member, then,
as I understand it, will be entitled to mileage
for the session contemplated by this bill on
the 4th of March, and then entitled to another
mileage when that session may adjourn, and
also another mileage for attending the next
succeeding session of Congress, and so on. It
seems to me that the bill ought to be so amended
as to provide that no Senator or Representa-
tive shall receive mileage for more than two
sessions of the Fortieth Congress.
Mr. POLAND. This amendment that is
proposed br the committee to the second sec-
tion of the bill, as it passed the House of Rep-
resentatives, is no change in substance; it is
merely putting it in shorter and, as we thought,
in better language. The provision is, that no
Senator or Representative who is a member of
this Congress shall be entitled to mileage for
the session that is to commence immediately
on the expiration of this session. What ob-
jection there can be to new members, those
who are actually obliged to travel in order to
get here to attend that session and to return
from it, being entitled to mileage for attending
that session, is more than I am able to dis-
cover. Why, if there be three distinct, sepa-
rate sessions of Congress in a term, members
should not be entitled to mileage for attending
each is more than I am able to see. The
object of this provision is, that persons who are
members of the present Congress and who
actually are not obliged to travel in order to
reach here or to go home from here, whose
actual travel is not increased in consequence
of the additional session, shall not receive
mileage for that session. The justice of that
is apparent; but beyond that I see no force in
the objection of the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. WILLIAMS. According to that con-
struction of this bill it will add immensely to
the expenses of the Fortieth Congress; and
the general understanding is, I think, that the
session which is to take place on the 4th of
March is to be a session simply for organiza-
tion. I do not understand that it is contem-
plated that Congress is to proceed with the
transaction of its usual business; but the argu-
ment made for the passage of this bill is, that
it is desirable to have the Fortieth Congress
organized at all times during its term of exist-
ence, and the main object of passing this law
and providing for a session on the 4th of March
is to enable the Fortieth Congress to organize
at that time, so that it may be prepared for
any emergency that may arise during its exist-
ence. I do not know whether the addition of
such an immense sum to the ordinary expenses
of Congress simply for that purpose will be
quite satisfactory to our constituents. I know
heretofore Senators have been required to at-
tend the called executive sessions of the Sen-
ate without any compensation. On the 4th of
March, 1865, I was here to attend an execu-
tive session called by a proclamation of the
President. I came here from the State of
Oregon ; I attended that session ; but I re-
ceived no mileage at all: the law does not
provide for mileage in such cases ; and if that
is a just rule which has heretofore existed, I
do not see why it should not apply to the For-
tieth Congress when it simply convenes, as I
understand, more for the purpose of organiza-
tion than for any other purpose. I am not
very particular on the subject; I have no more
interest in the question than any one else; but
I make the suggestion, and the Senate can do
as they please about it.
Mr. POLAND. I am not one of the pro-
moters of this bill: indeed I have taken the ,
charge of it and endeavored to get it on its \
passage at the solicitation of members of the I
House of Representatives from those States 1
which do not elect their Representatives until
subsequent to the 4th of March; they deem it
very important that if the bill is to pass at all
it should pass at as early a day as possible;
and there is very great force, as I think, in
'that suggestion. The bill was reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary by the Sen-
ator from New#York, [Mr. Harris.] He is
absent; and the chairman of our committee,
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbuu,] is
also absent; and at the solicitation mainly of
members of the House of Representatives I
have called up the bill at the present time.
I am not aware that it is understood, as the
Senator from Oregon says, that the session of
Congress which is provided for by this bill to
commence on the 4th day of March is to be
merely for organization. If the Senator from''
Oregon so understands it now, I apprehend
that if this bill shall pass it will turn out that
he labors under some mistake in that regard.
What was the precise idea on that point of
the framer of this bill, or of the particular
friends of this bill who originated iij, in the
House of Representatives, is more than I
know. But, however that may be, whether
the session that is provided to be held on the 4th
of March be a long one or a short one, I can
see no reason in justice why members of either
House, either of the Senate or of the House
of Representatives, who actually travel from
their homes to attend that session, should not
be entitled to mileage for their travel as much
as for attending any of the sessions of Con-
gress that are provided for by existing law.
The argument of the Senator from Oregon on
that subject, that it is going to be productive
of very great expense, is rather an argument
against the passage of the bill than an argu-
ment against this section or the amendment
the committee have proposed to it, which, as
I said before, does not change the character of
the bill or the provisions of the bill, but is
merely a change of phraseology. If the bill
is to pass at all, it seems to me this provis-
ion in relation to mileage is entirely just, and
is all the limitation that there should be upon
this subject of mileage for that session. In
regard to those members of the present Con-
gress who are here who are not required to
travel in order to attend it, it is very just and
right that they should not be allowed mileage;
but as to those who actually travel from their
homes to attend the session, there is no reason
whatever in my judgment why they should not
be entitled to their mileage for attending that
session as for attending any other session of
Congress.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not see a great deal
of difference between the section which we are
asked to strike But and the substitute which
tiis proposed to insert in lieu of it; but I rise
ror the purpose of suggesting to those who have
an interest in the mileage what may be a inat-
ter of some moment to them and according to
my view would be unjust. The amendment as
well as the original section says that no mem-
ber of the next Congress shall be entitled to
any mileage for attending it on the 4th of
March if he was a member of the present Con-
gress, and so in relation to any Congresses that
may exist hereafter. Now, let mo state a con-
dition of things which lean imagine may often
occnr. The Senators who are now members
of the present Congress may be reelected by
their several Legislatures ; and there are some
of them who are not now here; they are away,
I will not say for what purpose; they are at
home; and they will have to come here on the
4th of March to attend the session of the next
Congress, and if they do they get no mileage.
But another difficulty may occur, supposing
that it would not be right to allow them mile-
age. The Senators who are here now may not
be some of them reelected. There is some
probability of that in point of fact, I under-
stand ; but there are some who may not desire
to be reelected. My friend from Indiana [Mr.
Lake] is in the latter category; but he may1
change his mind before the next Congress
terminates, and his successor may not be here
