880
.MS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
January 10,
during the whole continuance of tha.fc Congress.
Death may .lay his hands upon him} he may
of the Executive may givg -hioj some
appointment that may induce him-to'give up
Jus place in the Senateand in such a contin-
fgocyas-that the honorable member to whom
.allude, now a Senator, from Indiana, should
lie sent here by his-State, (and she could send
no more worthy, member.) he would not b,e
entitled to mileage; so in relation to Senators
who may be tn; tlie same condition, because
the Senators who take their places now may
hereafter be appointed to some high office by
j&e .Executive.- Any one who is now a Sen-
ator, appointed to the place filled -by such a
fine;would get no mileage-though he might be
obliged to come from-the Pacific..
-So far I have referred to Senators; but the
game,remarks are applicable to members of
the- House of Representatives. It may well
happen that members of the present House of
Representatives, or rather members of the
present Congress to speak more accurately,
either because they have not, desired a reelec-
tion or* because the people were unwilling to
reelect them, may not have been elected to the
next Congress, but they may be elected by their
constituents during the existence of that. Con-
gress if a vacancy occurs. A member from
Oregon or a member from California may be
in that situation; and if the bill passes, if I
understand it correctly, he will be entitled to
no mileage, because he falls within the descrip-
tion of having been a member of the present
Congress.
That would seem to be unjust, provided it
be just to allow mileage, and I am sure every
Senator is satisfied that that is but just, par-
ticularly in relation. to the members from the
Pacific coast, who have to leave their home, for
an entire session, attended with very great
expense, firstinthecomkighere, and second in
the. fact that they surrender all their business,
whatever that may be, at home during the
entire session of Congress.
I suggest, therefore, to my friend who has
charge of this bill, whether it would not be
better to provide now for that contingency,
very likely to happen, instead of passing the
bill in the shape in which it is-now presented.
I feel that there will be a good deal perhaps
of well-founded criticism or censure in the
country if we pass the bill in its present shape,
I mean the bill calling for the organization of
Congress on the 4th of March next, if mileage
is to be paid to all who shall attend on the 4th
of March. It will cost hundreds of thousands
of dollars provided there are members enough
of that House who are not members of the
present Congress. If we organize on the 4th
of March and adjourn, the adjourned session
will be really but a continuance of the present
session, and one of two things would happen:
either that there could be no mileage for com-
ing to the adjourned session, or there would be
two mileages. The members who are not now
members of Congress, when elected, who shall
come here on the 4th of March, will be entitled
to mileage, and if they go home, as they would
upon an adjournment, and come here, in con-
sequence of an adjournment, on the day before
the next annual meeting in December, they
will bo entitled also to -a mileage. I do not
think the people would be satisfied with that.
I agree therefore with my friend from Oregon
that it would be better if we can provide against
such large disbursement as the bill would cost
if it passes in the shape which it now has.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The necessity of spend-
ing the summer here will be regretted, 1 sup-
pose, by all of us ; and I think it is due to the
Senate that the Senator who takes charge of
this bill should state what is the necessity for
this legislation and what is its purpose. During
the war, for four or five years,_ the legislative
department certainly was of quite as much im-
portance to the Government as it is now after
the war is closed, and it was not thought neces-
sary then by the party in the majority to keep
Congress in continuous .session; ; If this is for
partisan purposes of course I have nothing to say
against it; so far as party policy is concerned; I
do notclaimtherightto interfere with the desires
of. the majority: but.if it relates to the.interests
of the country and looks to legislation for the
interests of the country during the. coming swfl-
mer, I think it is due that we should all know,
the country should know, something of the
necessity -which the friends of this bill believe
calls for its -passage. I do not know myself.
I heard- the bill discussed in the committee;
but I did not there learn, nor have I learned
elsewh%re, why, for the first time in the history
of the Government a third session is provided
for during each Congress. I believe the Gov-
ernment has got along very well holding the
regular annual sessions of Congress. I have
never known any calamity to come to the coun-
try because of the policy that has been adopted
and continued for three quarters of a century;
I heard of no calamity or misfortune to the
Government mentioned during the war because
the Congress was not'in continuous session;
and I should like to know why it is thought
necessary to have this additional session here-
after. There can be but this one extraordinary
session during the Administration of the pres-
ent Chief Magistrate. This bill does not pro-
vide for just one more session ; it is a perma-
nent law if adopted.
Now, sir, unless there is necessity for it, I
cannot vote for it. It adds very considerably
to the expenses of the Government. In the
first place, there is the mileage of all the new
members of Congress who come in. Then
there is that very large cost to the Govern-
ment incident to the session of Congress known
to every Senator. This proposition makes a
large inroad into the Treasury. If it is simply
because of_ party necessities the country ought
to know it. If it is to hold the President in
check the country ought to knew that. If it is
to legislate upon the interests of tlxe country,
commercially and otherwise, I think the coun-
try ought to know that. But if the passage of
this bill has been decided elsewhere^ where the
reasons given for it can never come to the pub-
lic, there would seem to be a propriety in at
least referring to those reasons in this body.
I did not intend to say one word upon this
question, but supposed the distinguished Sen-
ator from Vermont, who called the bill up,
designed to state why this bill is to pass. If
it is not considered proper that" the country
should know anything about it, but if the coun-
try is to take it for granted that it is right, the
course which the Senator has pursued in bring-
ing the bill to a vote on' its passage without any
explanation is understood. I make these inqui-
ries simply that.we shall know a little about it.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. President., knowing,
as my friend the Senator from Indiana does,
the circumstances that I have stated as the
reasons why I have called up this bill, I think
it is hardly fair for him to make his inquiries
particularly and specially to me in relation to
the reasons fo>- the passage of the bill. The
bill is one that originated in the House of Rep-
resentatives, and I know nothing in relation to
the views of those who introduced the bill and
who favored it exceptwhat. 1 have learned from
the published debate on the subject. I have
no other means of knowing the designs of the
originators and promoters of the bill. But I
can state to the Senator from Indiana,%so far
as I know, the reasons that operated in the
House for the passage of this bill, and which
are claimed to be ample reasons why it should
be adopted and this additional session of Con-
gress be provided for.
We have had a provision made by law ever
since the formation of this Government in rela-
tion to the succession to the Presidency in case
of the death of the President. In the first
place, it is provided that the Vice President,
m case of the decease of the President shall
be his successor. In case the Vice President
dies, the next in succession is the President
pro tempore of the Senate. In case of his
death, he is to'be succeeded by the Speaker of
the House as the acting President. It has been
deemed advisable- to make the succession so
long as this: _ that there should- be three per-
sons in the line of official Succession to the
Presidency in case of vacancy by death. It so.
happens at the present time that thb presiden
tial chair is occupied by the person who was
elected Vice President. The number is re-
duced in this way by one. At the expiration
of this Congress, on the 4th of March, there
will be no? Speaker of the House, and, under
existing laws, there will be no Speaker elected
by the next Congress, until next December,
nine months, during which there will be no
person holding, or exercising the office of
Speaker, who Would be eligible, in consequence
.jbeing Speaker, to the presidential chair if
all of the persons standing before him should
die. This I understand to be one reason, and
perhaps the principal reason, which has been
urged for the adoption of this measure.
Further than this, the official torn of the
next Congress commences on the 5th day of
March, but there will be no organization of the
Congress under existing law, and can be none
unless they shall be specially called together
by the President, until the December follow-
ing. Although elected, although in office, there
is no way, unless they are called together by a
proclamation of the President, by which they
can meet and organize until next December.
It was deemed wise that there should be a ses-
sion called at the very beginning of the con-
gressional term that Congress might be in an
organized condition.
How much of political significance there may
be in "reference to this measure; how much it
has been called for; how much more it has
been thought of in consequence of the unfor-
tunate differences that have existed between
different departments of the Government, I do
not know. , That the state of things which is
now existing upon that subject may have had
some influence upon this measure I should
hardly feel prepared to deny; how much I do
not know.
These are, as far as I am able to state to my
friend from Indiana, the reasons why this bill
is called for.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the Senator
takes his seat I wish to inquire of him, as he
has investigated the subject, whether the Presi-
dent of the Senate continues after the close of
the Congress. Supposing the President of the
Senate to be a member of the next Congress,
does that President pro tempore continue to be
the President of the Senate, under existing
laws, during the recess?
Mr. POLAND. That is a question that I
have not examined with any care, but my un-
derstanding is tbM he does continue, if he con-
tinues to bo a member of the Senate, to hold
the office of President pro tempore until another
shall be elected, and holds it during the vaca-
tion as much as he does during the session of
Congress. That is my understanding of it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The country has been
twice that 1 now think of placed in its present
position. General Harrison died at an early
period of his term ; General Taylor also died
at rather an early period of his term ; and yet
the Congress did not think it necessary to have
a session such as is provided for in this bill.
The Government went on as before. This ex-
traordinary fear from the death of the incum-
bent of the presidential chair was not felt as it
seems now to be felt. But if the Senator be
right in his answer to my question, then, sir,
there is no difficulty at this session of Congress
in providing for the contingency which he sug-
gests as the reason for the passage of this bill.
If during the present session of Congress a pre-
siding officer should be elected, he will be the
President pro tempore of the Senate during the
coming recess : and should there be a vacancy
in the presidential office, as I understand from
the Senator from Vermont, he would be the
person to occupy that high office. Then, sir,
there is no difficulty in the Senate providing
