1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL0m
1821
made by General Wilson, that $1,000,000 could
be expended profitably on this work during
the present year, and $1,000,000 during the
next year. That is not only said by General
Wilson, but it is said by General Humphreys,
chief of the corps of Engineers. How skillful
General Wilson may be 1 do not know. I only
know that he was assigned to this duty, and that
he has reported to us facts as well as opinions.
I do not presume the committee dispute the
facts as reported. He has given us, I appre-
hend, all the facts that are necessary to enable
us to form a judgment on this question, if our
judgment is to control it. He reports in sub-
stance that for seven and a half miles and over
of the rapids there is a continuous descent,*tbe
river has a rocky bottom of a continuous, nearly
smooth descent, upon which the water at a low
period has an average depth of a little over two
feet. To obviate the difficulties of navigation
there we must make a channel two hundred
feet wide and seven and a half miles long. If
the lower rapids are to be improved by blast-
ing, the passage will be seven and a half miles
long and so deep as to give four feet of water
at all times. If we ever improve the river in
that way we shall have to do that thing; and
General Wilson tells us that if we do that
thing, if we do blast out a channel seven and
a half miles long, two hundred feet wide, and
so deep as to give us at the lowest period four
feet of water, the channel thus made can be
used in daylight when the weather is clear and
the winds are not blowing, and cannot be used
at night when the weather is windy or foggy.
That stands to reason. We can understand
that as well as an engineer can.
We have heard a great deal here lately about
bridging the Mississippi river, and we are told
that the difficulty arises from the fact that put-
ting piers in the river with a draw makes a
narrower channel, through which boats have to
run, and they are liable to be blown to one side
or the other according to the direction of the
wind, and sometimes to be blown on the piers
and destroyed. These piefs are from two hun-
dred to three hundred feet long. Here we are
to make a channel seven and a half miles long
at a point in the river nearly double the width
of the channel above and below these rapids.
We are then, according to one plan, to build
a canal around the rapids; or, according to the
other, to blast a channel of that length, in
which a boat will be exposed at all times to the
operation of the wind, with but two hundred
feet width in which to maneuver, and liable to
be blown at all times when the wind is high
either to one side or the other. It will be im-
possible, as the engineer tells us, for boats in
foggy weather to pass through a channel of
this width and this length, crowded as it must
to some extent necessarily be; and he tells us
in substance, what I think all the people living
in that neighborhood know already, that an
improvement of this kind, although it might
to some extent benefit the navigation, would
not be an improvement such as we ought to
make. His estimate of the cost of the improve-
ment in this way is only about six hundred
thousand dollars less than the cost of making
a canal. It will cost just about six hundred
thousand dollars more to build a canal than to
blast out this incomplete, unsafe, and insuffi-
cient channel of communication over these
rapids.
Upon the upper rapids he recommends the
other plan of blasting out the rocks in the
river, and gives his reasons for so doing. The
upper rapids are not as long as the lower rap-
ids ; they are not composed, as the lower rapids'
are, of a continuous, unbroken descent for six
or seven miles; but they consist of a aeries of
ledges across the channel of the river, with
long, deep "pools " between them, these pools
bemg from one to two miles in length between
the different bars, and affording a vessel suffi-
cient space in which to maneuver after passing
through one ledge before it makes the opening
that has to be made in the next ledge. He gives
the reason why he recommends a different mode
of improvement of the two different points, and
the reasoa is clear and palpable to every man,
whether an engineer or not. At the upper
rapids, as I have stated, boats have a chance
to go from one break to another break, with
room between the two to maneuver, and op-
portunity to prepare themselves for the passage
through these breaks in the ledges easily and
safely; but it is not so and cannot be so at the
lower rapids.
The chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce tells us that the engineer has evidently
made a mistake in asking for $1,000,000 to be
expended this year. He says he cannot expend a
million between this and the last of June. That
is probably true; but if we appropriate a mil-
lion for the present fiscal year, it reaches over
during the working season of this year, and we
have not only till the last of June, but till the
work is closed by the frosts of next winter to
expend that money. Not only does General
Wilson tell us that we can expend this million
profitably, but his superior, General Hum-
phreys, does the same thing. If the Senator
will look at page 3 of the report he will find
that what he read was signed by General Hum-
phreys, and not by General Wilson.
Upon the other hand, Mr. President, if we
do not make this appropriation at this session
of Congress where are we placed? We can
of course do nothing toward building a canal
this summer. When Congress meets in its
regular session in December next this bill
will, as all other appropriation bills do, come
in at the close of that session, at the close of
the summer of 1868 ; so that during the entire
summer of 1867 and the summer of 1868 we
have no appropriation, and of course can do
no work, and the appropriation will be passed
so late in the summer of 1868 that we can do
nothing that summer, and cannot commence
work till the summer of 1869. It throWB us
over completely for a period of two whole
years. Why should this be so? No man can
doubt that if we build a canal around Des
Moines rapids we have a perfect and complete
improvement of the river. There is no ques-
tion but that that mode of improvement will
do all that can be done for the improvement of
the river. It will give us a perfectly safe pas-
sage above and below the rapids. Not only
that, but the engineer tells us that it will be a
benefit to the navigation of the river even at
times when the water is so high upon the
rapids that boats can pass over, because those
coming up the liver can pass through the slack
water of the canal and not have to stem the
rapid current on the rapids.
Now, sir, what reason is there why this work
should be done soon? I wiiMell you. The
report of the engineer embodies in it a state-
ment made by the agent of the principal trans-
portation company on that part of the river, the
agent of the Northern Line Packet Company,
I think it is called, in which is contained this
interesting information, interesting to the peo-
ple living upon that river:
" During the year 1866 the boats owned by the
company made their trips as per list, namely: steam-
boat Minnesota, 21 trips; steamboat Muscatine, 20
trips; steamboat Sueker State, 21 trips; steamboat
Hawkcye State, 14 trips; steamboat Davenport, 22
trips; steamboat Burlington, 19 trips; steamboat
Pembina, 20 trips; steamboat Canada, 18 trips;
steamboat Savannah, 8 trips; steamboat Reserve,
17 trips: steamboat Petrel, IS trips; steamboat Lit-
tle Giant, 9 trips; steamboat Bill Henderson,3 trips:
steamboat America, 3 trips—making in all 211 trips,
costing, on an average, $211,000 for the season of
1866."
That is, it cost the company running these
boats $211,000 for lighterage and expenses in
carrying goods over these rapids for this sin-
gle season; it cost this company $211,000
more than it would have paid if these rapids
had been improved. In other words, it cost
the men who sent their goods over these rapids
for the articles sent by that single line $211,000
in that one year more than they would have
paid if this work bad been done. How much
it cost other companies transporting goods up
and down the Mississippi over these rapids I
cannot tell; but we in the West, who sent our
goods by the boats of this single company,
were mulcted $211,000 in the year 1866 be-
cause this improvement was not made. What
we have lost by the loss of boats on these rap-
ids I cannot tell; I have not the information
here. I have heard it estimated, however,
that the loss and the increased cost amount to
$500,000 in a single year; and yet we are
asked to allow this condition of things to go
on two years more before we can even move
in the direction of making any improvement;
why? Because Senators tell us the engineer
sent out there was not as old a man as he
ought to have been. I am very sorry that we
must lose from two hundred and fifty to five
hundred thousand dollars a year because the
Secretary of War did not see fit to send out a
man to do this engineering who was older than
the man he did send. There is this, however,
to be said about his engineering: that the plan
submitted by him is indorsed by his chief.
Not only is he indorsed as competent to do
the work, but his work after having been done
is indorsed by his chief.
I understood that it might be argued from
the printed report before us that the conclu-
sions of the engineer were not indorsed.
Reading the report carefully I could not see
any ground for that opinion, but I was told
that it would be urged, and to obviate the
possibility of that being urged I called upon
the Engineer-in-Chief and have from him this
letter :
" Sir, I concur in the views and conclusions of Gen-
eral Wilson as to the best mode of improving the
Des Moines rapids, that is, by building a canal with
locks. My report upon the subject gives the reasons
for rejecting the other project. On the contrary, the
canal was rejected for Rock Island rapids and the
old plan recommended for adoption, and for that
reason the recommendation of the Department was
very specific."
Now, however young General Wilson may
be—I do not know how young he is—he was
selected by the proper officer to go there and
do this work. He has done it; he has given
us the facts as ascertained by him, and upon
those facts he has given us his views and con-
clusions, and no man, I apprehend, can doubt
that his views and conclusions are clearly and
unequivocally indorsed by the chief of the
Engineer Bureau. Why should we wait? If
you improve by means of blasting the rocks in
the channel, theuyou expend within $600,000
of what it will cost to build the canal. It costs
nearly two and three quarter million dollars,
according to the estimate, to blast a channel
through the rapids, and when done you have
no certainty that you have a good thing ; but
if you build the canal you have an absolute
certainty; it is a matter about which there can-
not be and is not any dispute that a canal will
remove all the difficulties.
If we say we cannot adopt this plan and go
on now, we shall do nothing this year, and we
cannot get an appropriation until the close
of the session next year, and nothing will be
done next year, and thus we shall lose two
entire years, and we have the knowledge that
in that time our western people will lose in
moneys paid for lighterage over thSse rapids
at least half a million dollars. That would go
a great way toward this improvement.
I trust, then, that this amendment will not be
concurred in. I trust that while we are spending
money so profusely as we are spending it here
for purposes that will not return one dollar to
us as a nation, while we are spending a quar-
ter of a million to send gentlemen over to Paris
to the grand Exhibition there, when we are en-
tering upon a project for a magnificent park
near this city that will cost ns before it is done
ten million dollars, we are to be called upon
to vote to buy two blocks of buildings adjoin-
ing this Capitol at an expense of half a million
dollars, to be followed by half a million more
for the improvement of the grounds—while we
are doing all these things that do not return
oue dollar to us, I hope we shall not be
niggardly in making appropriations of money
that will save us at least a quarter of a million
every year and tend to develop that portion of
the country from which so much of the pros-
perity of the nation comes, the West.
Mr. CHANDLER. Ttoe Committee on Com-
