1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1145
in, favor of fixing the presidential election in
tile month of October, fixing it for the entire
country for all the States uniformly upon the
second Tuesday of that month. I think that
upon due consideration given to the reasons
Which apply to that question there will be
little difficulty in comifig to an agreement upon
it. " I propose if I can accomplish my pur-
poses to call that question up and take the
sense of the Senate upon it before we adjourn,
in the hope that it may be assented to by both
Houses.
There are strong reasons for action upon this
subject, some of which apply to the present
time. In the great State of New York a con-
stitutional convention is about to be held under
an act of the Legislature, to be enacted in pur-
suance of a recent vote of the people, for the
purpose of reforming the constitution of that
State. If you pass an act of Congress pro-
viding that the presidential election shall be
held on the second Tuesday of October, instead
of being held as now in November, no doubt,
that State in reforming her constitution will
adopt the former day for her State election also.
There are opportunities for fraud along the
borders of adjoining States when their elections
are held upon different days. We have heard
complaints in relation to fraud along the bor-
ders of Pennsylvania an.d of Now Jersey, and
the same complaints have been made in the
State of New York; complaints of voters pass-
ing from one State to another when their elec-
tions are held upon different days. This is an
evil which is almost perfectly provided against
when you establish the same day in all con-
terminous States for talcing the sense of the
people upon the selection of officers.
There is another reason for fixing one
uniform day for general elections, especially
in our groat States, and that is the influence
which an election in one State has upon an
election in another State when the latter is
held subsequently. There can be no question,
for instance, that in 1844 the vote of the great
State of New York was controlled by the vote
which had been taken in October in Pennsyl-
vania. It gave direction to the canvass in the
State of New York; it gave momentum and
force to that political interest which eventually
triumphed in the State of New York. It con-
trolled the fence-men, all the movable voters,
all those who constituted the balance of polit-
ical power in that State ; the consequence of
which was that New York was carried by a
very small majority for the candidate who was
selected to be President of the United States.
Now, by establishing the same day for holding
elections in Pennsylvania and in New York,
and in other States whose votes are powerful
and important, you will prevent presidential
elections from being determined by the influ-
ence and control of one State upon another in
the manner I have described.
Again, the month of November, which is
now fixed by act of Congress for holding the
presidential election, is much too late. It is
too late in the season for convenience and for
comfort, and I suppose that all those States
which have fixed upon November as a month
for holding their elections will, whenever the
opportunity offers, very gladly change the time
and make it one month earlier. And if you
fix the presidential election on the second
Tuesday in October, fix it upon the day which
has been selected by most of the northern
States as the day for holding their elections,
then all those States which have fixed their
State elections in November will make the
change promptly. New York will no doubt
make such change at her coming convention
in ease you invite such action by the passage
of a proper law here at the present session.
Again, sir, by holding presidential elections
on the second Tuesday of October you will
obtain in most of the States the election of
members of Congress upon that day: and what
will be the effect of that? Congress can meet
here one month earlier than it does now. At
a short session, such as that in which we are
now engaged this would be 
Mr. WADE. I wish to inquire of the Sen-
ator whether we cannot by law and without
alteration of the Constitution fix the times of
holding these elections, all of theim.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I 'said I proposed to
call up a bill with this direct object in connec-
tion with these proposed changes relating to
the Presidential election. 1 say then, sir, you
gain one valuable month of time at every short
session by meeting here early in the month of
November, as we are obliged to adjourn on the
3d of March; we obtain one more month of
invaluable time for the transaction of public
business. And in the years of long sessions
by beginning one month earlier you will be
pushed into tho summer months much less than
you are at present. Instead of adjourning in
Juno or July you can adjourn a month or two
sooner. I consider this reform in connection
with presidential elections to be very import-
ant, and one which ought to be adopted. I
Speak of it now for the reason that it is con-
nected with the general question which the
Senator from Ohio has introduced before us,
the choosing of Presidents of the United States.
As to this proposition .for limiting'the eligi-
bility of particular persons to the office of
•President of the United States, I must say that
I do not think it near so important as he does.
I think that those clauses in tho Constitution
limiting tho eligibility of particular persons to
the office of President and of Senator and of
Representative in Congress are unimportant
and unuseful; that too much importance was
attached to them in the Convention which
formed the Constition of the United States ;
that in practice they have been of very little
value. It is true that by otre of these clauses
Albert Gallatin was prevented from taking a
seat in the Senate of the United States. He
was selected a Senator from Pennsylvania and
sent to this Senate, but was, after debate, ex-
cluded from his seat here as a representative
of my State by reason -of one of those limita-
tions in the Constitution connected with tho
office of Senator. In other instances similar
limitations in regard to membership in the
House of Representatives have been disre-
garded. I believe both Mr. Randolph and
Mr. Clay, two of the most eminent men of our
country, took their seats in tho House of Rep-
resentatives in disregard of one of those limit-
ations; at least tho fact has been so repre-
sented. I know no good which those limita-
tions have over secured, I know no practical
effect which they have oyer had of a useful
character, and the same remark will apply to
limitations upon eligibility to the presidential
office. I do not think that it is important that
we should attempt to limit the people of the
United States in their freedom of choice. I
do not think that the adoption of such policy
is wise. I do not think the adoption of a
proposition in conformity with it and to apply
it will "have any very considerable effect in
promoting the public interests. However, sir,
I am not going into that question at this time.
message from the house.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McPiiehson, its Clerk,
returning to the Senate, in compliance with its
request, the bill (S. No. 527) to amend tho
postal laws, and for other purposes.
ENBOLLliD BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (II.
It. No. 183) concerning the fire departmentof
Washington city; and it was signed by the
President pro tempore.
postal laws.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask the consent of the
Senator from Ohio, who has in charge the
measure now before the Senate, to pass_ it by
informally and let us proceed to the considera-
tion of the postal bill, which has been returned
from the House of Representatives. I think
it will take but a short time to pass it.
Mr. WADE. If that is a debatable meas-
ure I should not like to have it interposed.
Mr. RAMSEY. I imagine there will not be
much debate upon it. I should like to have it
disposed of now ; if not it may not be reached
this session.
Mr. WADE. I woittd rather it should go
over to some other time, for I am afraid it will
be debated.
Mr. RAMSEY. There was an understand-
ing that when this bill came back from the
House we should at once proceed to its con-
sideration. With that understanding some of
us withdrew our objection to its being sent for.
Mr. WADE. I am afraid I shall lose my
measure entirely if I let it go over. If it is
only proposed to take a vote on this bill I shall
not object; but I do not know how far it may
take up time.
Mr. RAMSEY. I presume there is only a
question about one or two sections of the bill,
and it can soon be disposed of.
Mr. WADE. Well, Mr. President, as that
bill has been dealt with in rather a short man-
ner perhaps I had better give way to it; and
I do so with the hope that it will not take long.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest that the special
or<Jer be passed over informally by common
consent for the purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) That course will bo pur-
sued if there be no objection. The Chair hears
no objection. Tho regular order of business
is passed over informally, aud the bill (S. No.
527) to amend the postal laws, and for other
purposes, is now before the Senate, the pending
question being on the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was ordered to
a third reading.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now, if the Senate will in-
dulge me a few minutes, I think I shall be able
to explain to them that the action which was
taken upon this bill on Saturday evening last
was proper, and that the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads of this body acted judi-
ciously and discreetly in recommending the
passage of the bill.
I premise by stating that there is no one of
the great Departments of this Government in-
creasing and extending itself as rapidly in its
business operations and ils personnel the Post
Office Department. Growing«as it has grown
with the growth of the country, it is not sur-
prising that annually there should be some
modifications of tho laws for the government
of that Department asked for. In this instance
the modifications proposed are moderate and
reasonable, and such as I think justify the Sen-
ate in at once adopting them. I will proceed
to consider tho bill section by section. Tho
first section provides—
That the schedule of charges or fees for issuing
postal money-orders, established by tho third section
of the act approved June 12,1866, be, and the same
is hereby, modified so that tho charge or feo for an
order not exceeding ten dollars shall be ten cents,
for an order of more than ten but not exceeding
thirty dollars the charge shall be fifteen ccnts, and
for an order oxceeding thirty dollars a fee of twenty-
fivo cents shall bo charged; and, furthermore, that
tho compensation of deputy postmasters for the pay-
ment of money-orders is hereby increased from ono
eighth to ono fourth of one per cent, on tho gross
amount of orders paid at their respective officcs.
The Postmaster General, in his annual report
at the present session of Congress, states very
clearly the reason for this modification of the
law. He says:
"The present charge or feo established by law for
an order of twenty dollars or less is ten cents, and for
an order exceeding twenty dollars twenty-five cents.
Thcso rates are defective in this respect: that an ap-
plicant whodfsires to remit any sum under forty dol-
lars could do it more cheaply by two orders than by
ono, inasmuch as two orders for twenty dollars oaoh
would cost him but twenty cents, while for a single
order of forty dollars he would have to pay twenty-
five cents. The manifest tendency of this stato of
things is to augment unnecessarily the number of
orders issued, involving a waste of time anaof cler-
ical labor at both the issuing and paying offices, as
well its increasing the liability to error. The adop-
tion of an additional rate of fiftoen cents for all
ordors of more than ten, but not exceeding thirty
dollars, without any change of tho present fees for
