1822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
merce adopted a rule in regard to these appro-
priations, which was to advise no appropriation
that was not specifically recommended and
estimated for by the engineer department. On
the 28th of January, 1867, the Secretary of
War sent to the House of Representatives his
estimate upon which this bill was based. In
that report of the 28th of January we found " Des
Moines rapids, removing obstructions  ."
He did not recommend the appropriation of
one single dollar for this work. Neither does
the report of the engineer recommend a single
dollar; but General Wilson says, "the esti-
mated amount that can be profitably expended
during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867, is
$1,000,000, including the $200,000 already
appropriated." General Humphreys does not
recommend a dollar. The report of the Secre-
tary of War dated January 28, 1867, as I have
stated, does not recommend a single dollar, as
Senators will see by looking at House Execu-
tive Document No. 56 of the present session.
Mr. KIRK WOOD. Allow me to say to the
Senator that General Humphreys explained to
me that at the time this document was made
up of which the Senator speaks, the reports
from General Wilson were not in the hands of
the bureau upon which to make the estimates,
and that is the reason why they were not put in.
Mr. CHANDLER. The committee were
unanimously of the opinion that we had better
have a further examination before making so
large an appropriation. We have no objection
to expending this much money if it is really
needed for the improvement, and if the best
plan has been recommended; but the com-
mittee thought unanimously that our informa-
tion at the present time was not sufficient to
* justify such a conclusion, and therefore we
reported in favor of striking out this item; but
it is in the hands of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. Is it in order to move to
amend the clause before the vote is taken on
striking it out?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I move to amend the
clause by adding to it this proviso:
Provided, however. That any canal that may be con-
structed around the said Des Moines or lower rapids
of the Mississippi river shall be and forever remain
free to the navigation and commerce of said river,
and no tolls shall ever be collected thereon.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment of Mr. Grimes was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on striking out the clause as
amended.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Committee on Com-
merce did not propose this amendment without
great consideration, and their desire was to do
justice to the people along that river as far as
they could do it, and at the same time to do
justice to the people of the rest of the coun-
try in respect to protecting the Treasury. As
has been stated by the distinguished chairman
of the committee, the regular estimates and
recommendations of the War Department for
these improvements contain no recommenda-
tion and no estimate for this, although the sur-
veys and examinations have been under way
for a considerable length of time. It has also
been correctly stated by the chairman of the
committee that this young officer who has made
these surveys and recommendations, and on
whose authority alone almost it is that this
enormous appropriation is asked, only recently
entered the service, graduating at West Point
in 1860, a young lieutenant, and he could have
have had no opportunity for acquiring engin-
eering knowledge of this description during
the war, because his whole time was devoted,
and gallantly devoted, to prosecuting other and
more important interests of the country.
Mr. BROWN. Why was be sent there by
the Department to make that survey if they had
not confidence in him?
Mr. EDMUNDS. You must go to the De-
partment if you want to know. 1 am unable
to say. I do not doubt that the Department
had confidence in sending him to make sur-
veys. They have confidence in everybody they
send to make surveys, and when they have had
those surveys returned to them,- if the Depart-
ment believe the money ought to be expended
and the scheme entered upon they say so in
explicit language, as they do not say here,
because my friend from Missouri is perfectly
I well aware that in the report of the War De-
I partment upon this general subject there was
no recommendation at all. Some person in
[ interest drew out afterward in the House of
i Representatives this special report, which is
' merely a resume of General Wilson's report to
! the Department; and General Humphreys says
in addition that he is unable to forward to the
Secretary of War even the plans and estimates
upon which the thing is proposed to be done.
I He has not himself at this day got the infor-
I mation ; it is guess work.
! Under circumstances of that description, an
engineer, however worthy and hopeful and gal-
lant he may be, is sent there to make his maiden
effort in respect of these topographical and
aqueous questions, if I may so speak, con-
nected with that river, and after awhile he
makes this report; and it is proposed, instead
of deepening the river, which is now capable of
passing commerce under some circumstances,
to abandon the river altogether, and build a
canal seven and a half miles long on its bor-
ders, paying I suppose for private property—
though I do not know whether there are any
people on the river at this precise point, but I
infer that it is a cultivated and valuable tract
of country—paying private damages for prop-
erty for seven and a naif miles, and cutting this
canal on the very instant of the report of this
Sub-engineer, when the Engineer-in-Chief is
not, as I repeat from the document itself, able to
furnish the Secretary of War with the detailed
plans and estimates, because he has not got
them. If that is not making haste to'spend
the money of the people I am very much mis-
taken.
I am as willing as any man to vote all the
money necessary to improve the Mississippi
river or any other river, as far as we can with
economy and propriety; but we ought not to
enter upon a scheme which involves an ex-
penditure of three, four, or five million dollars
at one point until we shall clearly see, upon an
express recommendation of the Secretary of
War, with the plans and estimates before us,
that we can judge upon, whether it ought to be
done or not. It is only a very short time until
the next session of Congress, only a week; and
it will not be long after the summer closes until
the next regular session begins. Let there
then be further consideration given to this sub-
ject; and if thfs appropriation turns out to be
necessary, and shall be recommended by the
Secretary of War, I, for one, shall be quite
as ready as any other gentleman to vote all the
money that is necessary for this improvement.
But we cannot justify ourselves in entering
upon a scheme of such magnitude without full
and complete consideration, which it evidently
has not yet had.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Of course, when we
work by rules we must obey rules. * The Com-
mittee on Commerce have informed us by two
of their members that they make no recom-
mendations except such aslare made to them
by the Secretary of War. I think it is a well-
established general principle that there are no
rules without exceptions. I have not had time
to look through this bill and compare it with
the report of the Secretary of War fully, but
picking it up as I did from the desk while the
Senator from Michigan was speaking, I find
that the committee have made some exceptions
to the rule. The very next item in the bill
following the one proposed to be stricken out
is an appropriation of $200,000 for improving
the navigation of the Mississippi river at Rock
Island rapids ; and in looking at the report of
the Secretary of War I find that the Rock
Island rapids stand in his report precisely on
the same ground as the lower or Des Moines
rapids. He makes no recommendation for
either; and yet the Committee on Commerce
have given, unasked, as they would say, with-
out any recommendation from the Secretary
of War, an appropriation for the upper or
Rock Island rapids, and yet as a reason for
not giving an appropriation for the lower
rapids they say the Secretary of War has not
recommended it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The bill as it c^me from
the House of Representatives contained that
appropriation of $200,000, and we consented
and thought it right to let it stai d at that,
because it pursued the old method, and because
the chief of Engineers said in this special
report that it is "recommended for adop-
tion "—that plan of improving the Rock Island
rapids—so that we had an express recom-
mendation, although a specific sum was not
named, and consented to leave the House bill
as it stood in that respect. Perhaps we were
a little too generous in that.
Mr. BROWN. Does not the chief engineer
say that he recommends and approves this
bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not so understand
what he says.
Mr. KIRKWOOI1. The House of Repre-
sentatives put in botn of these appropriations,
one for the lower rapids and one for the upper
rapids. The Secretary of War did not recom-
mend either. Why ? Because he had not be-
fore liifli at the time he sent in his report the
papers on which to have a recommendation.
That was the only reason. That is the reason
given to me by the chief of Engineers himself.
The plans and specifications were not before the
Secretary of War, and for that reason both
rapids in his report were treated alike and both
omitted. They were treated alike by the House
of Representatives, both being put in the bill;
but when the bill comes here the Committee
on Commerce, doubtless for the reason as-
signed by the Senator, doubtless for what the
committee deemed a good reason, proposed to
strike out the lower rapids and leave in the
appropriation for the upper rapids.
As I have already stated, I called on the
Engineer-in-Chief in reference to this matter,
and said that it might possibly be urged that
he did not recommend the plans of General
Wilson. He was disposed to treat the matter
lightly, and indeed to laugh at it. He said he
did not know how any gentleman could read
what he had said on the subject and come to
any other conclusion than that he had adopted
General Wilson's report and recommended it;
but I told him that I might be met by the pre-
cise objection with which I am now met here,
and to obviate that difficulty I asked from him
the letter which I have read, in which he does
approve and indorse the views and conclusions
of General Wilson. The reason he gives us
why he makes a special recommendation for
the upper rapids is that there is no insuperable
objection, as shown by the engineering there, to
carry out the plan previously adopted, while
in regard to the lower rapids there is this in-
superable objection : that you may do the work
according to the old plan, spend near $3,000,000
upon it, and then have a worthless work upon
your hands.
The Senator tells us we are to lose no time:
we are to meet again on the 4th of March. It
is well known that at that session Congress
will not probably remain here ten days or two
weeks, and then the matter will go over to the
next regular session; and before another ap-
propriation can be made, which will be in Jnne
or July, 1868, it will be too late to do any work
in that year, and we must lose in the mean
time at least half a million dollars of our hard
earnings, because Congress is unwilling to act
now on the report of this young man. 1 should
like to know how old he is ? Perhaps he is as
old as Napoleon was when he went to take
command of the army in Italy. History teaches
us that wisdom does not always go with gray
hairs. Some old men are not wise; some
young men are. Let me repeat again he has
given to us certain facts ; he has given us, for
instance, the length of the rapids ; he has given
as the depth of water on the rapids; he has,
