882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
Mr. HOWARDS If it can be accomplished
in that way that will be just as well.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The bill as it now stands
reads:
That from and after the passage of this act there
shall be no denial of the elective franchise in any of
the Territories of the United States to any citizen
thereof on account of race, color, or previous servi-
tude ; and all acts or parts of acts, either of Congress
or the Legislative Assemblies of said Territories, in-
- consistent with the provisions of this act, are hereby
declared null and void.
I think thsit provision applies to all Territo-
ries that may be'hereafter organized ; but by
inserting after the words " Territories of the
United States" the words " now or hereafter
to be organized" the point will be made a
positive certainty.
Mr. HOWARD. Does not the amendment
which I suggested cover every possible case ?
I think so.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That provision will cover
all possible cases ; but it would add very much
to the symmetry of the bill to insert the words
I have suggested at the place named, instead
of attaching a provision of such length to the
end of the bill, reciting, in fact, a considerable
portion of the preceding provision.
Mr. WADE. I think it would read better
if it said simply "Territories now or hereafter
to be organized."
Mr. HOWARD. That is the idea I have,
and I will modify my amendment in the way
suggested by the Senator from' Oregon, by
inserting the words "now or hereafter to be
organized" after the words "Territories of the
United States."'
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time.
Mr. WADE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas24, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Conness, Cragin. Cres-
well, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fogg, Foster, Fowler,
Grimes, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane,
Morgan, Morrill. Poland, Sherman, Stewart, Sum-
ner, Wade, Willey, and Williams—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Hendricks, Johnson,
Patterson, Riddle, Saulsbury, and Van Winkle—7.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown. 'Cattell, Chandler,
Cowan, Davis. Dixon, Doolittle, Frelinghuysen,
Guthrie, Harris, McDougall, Nesmith, Norton, Nye,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Sprague, Trumbull, W il -
son, and Yates—21.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. WADE. I move to amend the title of
the bill so as to read: "A bill to regulate the
elective franchise in the Territories of the
United States."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY subsequently said: I hap-
pened accidentally to be out of the Chamber
when the vote was taken on the bill regulating
suffrage in the Territories. I should like to
have my vote recorded in the affirmative on the
passage of the bill if it is allowable under the
rules.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) It is not allowable, under the
rule, under any circumstances.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I merely wish to state
that if I had been present I should have voted
in the affirmative.
message from the iiocse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the joint resolution
of the Senate No. 151, appropriating money
to defray the expenses of the joint select com-
mittee on retrenchment.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
rSsolution, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 956) to enforce the thir-
teenth amendment of the Constitution of the
United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 964) in regard to the com-
Bensation of route agents in the Post Office
'epartmeiit; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 229) to pro-
cure a site for a building to accommodate the
post office and United States courts in New
York city.
TENURE OF OFFICE.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 453) to regulate the tenure of offices.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. As originally introduced by
Mr. Williams, it provided that every person,
excepting heads of Departments, holding any
office to which he has been appointed by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, and
every person hereafter appointed in the same
manner to any office, who shall become duly
qualified therefor, should be entitled to hold
office until a successor should be in like man-
ner appointed and duly qualified, unless other-
wise provided by law; and that when any offi-
cer thus appointed, excepting judges of the
United States courts, should during the recess
of the Senate be guilty of misconduct in office,
or for any reason become unable to perform its
duties, in that case, and in no other, the Presi-
dent might appoint a person to fill the office
by granting to him a commission, to expire at
the end of the next session of the Senate, the
evidence and reasons for the action of the Pres-
ident in such case to be in writing, and filed in
the proper Department for inspection. It was
also provided that the President should also
have power in like manner to fill all offices not
before filled, and all vacancies that may hap-
pen during the recess of the Senate by death,
resignation, or expiration of term, and not
otherwise; but no appointment shall be made
without the advice and consent of the Senate
to any office filled after the session of the Sen-
ate at which the temporary commission shall
expire. But these provisions were not to apply
to or interfere with any rules made by Con-
gress for the government and regulation of the
land and naval forces.
The bill, having been referred to the joint
select committee on retrenchment, was re-
ported back with an amendment proposing to
strike all out after the enacting clause and
in lieu of the words struck out to insert:
That every person (excepting the Secretaries of
State, of the Treasury, of War, of the Navy, and of
the Interior, the Postmaster General, and the Attor-
ney General) holding any civil office to which he has
been appointed by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, and every person who shall hereafter
be appointed to any such office, and shall become duly
qualified to act therein, is, and shall be, entitled to
hold such office until a successor shall have been in
like manner appointed and duly qualified, except as
herein otherwise provided.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That when any
officer appointed as aforesaid„excepting judges of the
United States courts, and excepting those specially
excepted in section one of this act, shall, during a
recess of the Senate, beshown, by evidence satisfac-
tory to the President, to be guilty of misconduct in
office or crime, or for any reason shall become legally
disqualified or incapable to perform its duties, in
such case, and in n o other, the President may suspend
such officer and designate some suitable person to
perform temporarily the duties of such office until
the noxt meeting of the Senate, and until the case
shall be acted upon by the Senate; and in such case
it shall be the duty of tho President, within twenty
days after the first day of such next meeting of the
Senate, to report to the Senate such suspension, with
the evidence and reasons for his action in the case and
the name of the person so designated to porform the
duties of such office. And if the Senate shallconcur
in such suspension and advise and consent to the
removal of such officer they shall so certify to the
President, who may thereupon remove such officer,
and, by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, appoint another person to such office. But if the
Senate shall refuse to concur in such suspension, such
officer so suspended shall forthwith resume tho func-
tions of his office, and the powers of the person so
performing its duties in his stead shall cease; and
the official salary and emoluments of such officer
shall, during such suspension, belong to the person
so performing the duties thereof, and not to tho officer
so suspended: Provided, however. That the President,
in case he shall become satisfied that such suspension
was made on insufficient grounds, shall bo authorized,
at any time before reporting such suspension to the
Senate as above provided, to revoke such suspension
and reinstate such officer in the performance of the
duties of his office. ...
Sec. 3. Andbeit further enacted, ThatthePresident
shall have power to fill all vacancies which may hap-
pen during tho recess of the Senate by reason of
death, resignation, expiration of term of offico, or
other lawful cause, by granting commissions which
shall expire at tho end of their noxt session there-
after. And if no appointment by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate shall be made to
such office so vacant or temporarily filled as afore-
said, during such next session of the Senate, such
office shall remain in abeyance, without any salary,
fees, or emoluments attached thereto until the same
shall be filled by appointment thereto by and with
the advice and eonscnt of the Senate; and during
such time all th e powers and duties belonging to suefi
office shall be exercised by such other officer as may
by law exercise such powers and duties in case of a
vacancy in such office.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That nothing In
this act contained shall be construed to extend tho
term of any office the duration of "which is limited
bylaw.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
second section of the amendment of the com-
mittee by inserting after the word " become,"
in the sixth line of the section, the words " in-
capable or," and by striking out in the seventh
line the words "or incapable." This is a mere
verbal transposition to make the sections
more precisely clear.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made as a clerical correction,
no objection being'interposed.
Mr. HOWE. Is the question now on adopt-
ing the amendment reported by the commit-
tee?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. HOWE. I have a single suggestion to
make to the Senate, and that is as to the pro-
priety of excepting from the operations of this
law, or proposed law, the heads of Depart-
ments. I know of no reason in the world why
they should be made an exception. If I am
not mistaken, each one of those offices is cre-
ated by statute, and created not for the per-
sonal benefit of the Executive or the head of
the executive government, but created for
the benefit of the public service just as much
as a deputy postmaster, just as much as an
Indian agent, just as much as any other officer.
The tenure of their several offices should be
under the control of law, and they should be
independent of any undue exercise of execu-
tive influence or other influence just as much
as any other officer, it seems to me. I sup-
pose the committee had some reason for mak-
ing that exception, and I should really like to
hear what it is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will state with pleasure,
so far as I understand it, the reason; and I
believe I comprehend the views of the com-
mittee on that point. We do not doubt what
my friend from Wisconsin has said, that these
heads of Departments are public officers, who
are responsible to the public, and in whose
faithful administration the public have just as
much interest as they have in that of any other
officer. That is all true but it did seem to
the committee, after a great deal of consulta-
tion and reflection, that it was right and just
that the Chief Executive of the nation in se-
lecting these named Secretaries, who, by law
and by the practice of the country, and officers
analagous to whom by the practice of all other
countries, are the confidential advisers of the
Executive respecting the administration of all
his Departments, should be persons who were
personally agreeable to him, in whom he could
place entire confidence and reliance, and that
whenever it should seem to him that the state
of relations between him and any of them had
become so as to render this relation of confi-
dence and trust and personal esteem inhar-
monious, he should in such case be allowed to
dispense with the services of that officer in
vacation and have some other person act in his
stead. We thought that so much discretion,
so much confidence, so much respect ought to
be properly attributed to the Chief Magistrate
of the nation. It may happen that at some
particular time—some people may suppose that
it has happened now—the Chief Magistrate
for the time being ought not to be invested with
such powers; but the committee have recom-
mended the adoption of this rule respecting
the tenure of officers as a permanent and sys-
tematic and as they believe an appropriate
regulation of the Government for all Adminis-
trations and lor all time; and it did appear to
them (whether the reason may commend itself
