1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1823
given us the character of the bottom of the
rapids at the two points; they are wholly dif-
ferent, widely different; and it is shown that a
plan which will improve one may be an utter
failure as to the other. We have all the facts
we can have, I apprehend, at any time before
us. Gentlemen will not contend that because
this gentleman is a young man he cannot make
a survey. They do not pretend to dispute a
single fact that is laid down in his report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He is a distinguished
officer.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I do not know how dis-
tinguished he is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Distinguished as a cavalry
officer.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I think the matter is
understood by the Senate. I hope this clause
of the bill will be retained.
Mr. GRIMES. The people of the whole
Northwest are particularly and specially inter-
ested in the improvement of the navigation of
the Des Moines rapids of the Mississippi, and
the commerce of the whole country is to a
greater or less extent interested in it. The
people that I in part represent are very deeply
interested, and I justify the few remarks that I
shall detain the Senate by submitting on this
subject by that interest.
The first survey that was made by authority
of law of the Des Moines rapids was made in
1836 or 1837 by Lieutenant Robert E. Lee, the
late general of the rebel army. He reported
that it was feasible to blow out the "chains"
across the river which make the rapids; and
appropriations of a small amount have from
time to time been made for the purpose of car-
rying out his views. Another survey, but not a
minute one I think, was subsequently made by
General Warren, who decided that, although
such a process as that might not make the most
perfect navigation, yet it would very much—I
think he used the expression—ameliorate the
condition of the stream. Last year an appro-
priation was made for the same purpose, and
General Wilson was sent to make a survey.
G-eneral Wilson reports in favor of a canal, as
I understand, instead of the course that was
recommended by Lieutenant Lee.
On the strength of this recommendation of
General Wilson, it is proposed that we appro-
priate $l,000,000for the purpose of improving
navigation "on the Mississippi river, andl
suppose the word "on" is used in that phrase
to convey the idea, and is to be regarded as
authority by the War Department to make a
canal instead of improving the navigation
itself. I do not know how they manage mat-
ters at the Engineer Bureau now-a-days, but I
know that formerly no great public work was
ever recommended by the War Department to
be undertaken until the plans and specifications
ancf surveys and details were submitted to a
board of skillful, competent, and experienced
engineers; they reported for or against the
project, and upon the strength of that report
the Secretary of War sent in his recommenda-
tion to Congress. I am not prepared to say
that a canal is the right way to improve these
rapids. I do not think it is. I am unwilling,
unless there shall be something more done than
the mere survey of General Wilson, that the
commerce of the country shall be liable to the
interruption which I think a canal will impose
upon it. But I am willing that the Secretary
of War, calling to his aid a board of competent
officers, shall, taking the report of General
Wilson as made, in connection with the report
that Lieutenant Lee made and that General
Warren made, decide that question, and I am
willing to abide the result. I propose, there-
fore, to strike out the word "on" and substi-
tute the word "of," and to reduce the amount
from $1,000,000 to $500,000. As there is an
unexpended balance in the Treasuryapplicable
to this improvement of about $200,000, that
would give $700,000 for this purpose, and this,
with the amendment which has already been
adopted, proposed by me, will enable the Sec-
retary of War to determine for himself whether
we shall have a canal or whether they shall go
on blowing up the rocks. In that way I think
the proposition will be satisfactory to all par-
ties, and we may get an improvement.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. If my colleague had not
offered his amendment, I proposed to offer one,
to insert after the word "rapids" the words
"according to such plan as the Secretary of
War may approve."
Mr. GRIMES. You may offer it now.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I suppose the word
"on" is a misprint. If amended as I propose
the clause would then read "for improving nav-
igation of the Mississippi river at Des Moines
or lower rapids, according to such plan as the
Secretary of War may approve, $1,000,000."
Mr. GRIMES. Say a '' board of engineers.''
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I will put it in this
form, " according to such plan as a board of
engineers, to be appointed by the Secretary of
War, may recommend."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will suggest to my friend
from Iowa who offered the amendment, that it
will be more acceptable to me if he will so
change the phraseology as to have it read " ac-
cording to such plan as the Secretary of War.
on the report of a board of engineers, shall
approve."
Mr. GRIMES. It amounts to the same
thing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is slightly different; it
gives a little more opportunity for considera-
tion to have it in that form than it does to make
the decision of the board absolutely final. If
this work is to be so extensive, as it obviously
is, if it be entered upon at all, then I think the
decision of a board, without any right of review
on the part of the Secretary of War, ought not
to be final, ought not to be allowed; but the
usual course taken in all these improvements
ought to be taken in this; and that is, to make
the Secretary of War the ultimate arbiter as to
the propriety and necessity -of the particular
work, subject of course to the action of Con-
gress afterward. I therefore ask my friend to
modify his amendment; or if it be amendable
I move to amend it in accordance with the sug-
gestion I have made.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. The phraseology is
wholly indifferent to me one way or the other.
My object is to get at the thing. If it will
secure the vote of my friend from Vermont,
and not drive off more on the other side, I will
take it in the way he proposes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not promise that it
will secure mv vote; but it will relieve me.
Mr. BROWN, (to Mr. Kirkwood.) Let us
try what relieving him will do. [Laughter. ]
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Very well, I am willing
to change it, and let a board of engineers act
first and the Secretary of War afterward.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Put it in this shape,
"according to such plan as the Secretary of
Warshall, onthereportof aboardof engineers,
approve."
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I accept that modifica-
tion of my amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, I Imove to amend
the amendment a little further, and I shall then
acquiesce in leaving it to stand, although my
judgment concurs, the little I have about it,
entirely with that of the Senator from Iowa
furthest from me, [Mr. Grimes,] that this canal
is not the best way to help commerce there by
any means.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Kirkwood.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move now to strike out
"81,000,000" and to insert in lieu thereof
"300,000," which, with the sum of $200,000,
which is now to the credit of the rapids, will
make the total sum to be expended this' year
$500,000, and I think that is as much as
economy and prudence will justify us in de-
voting to that work at this time. That will
enable the Department, if it thinks proper to
enter upon this canal enterprise at all, to
locate its route, to sett'e its laud damages, and
put itself in the process of beginning the princi-
pal work ; and I think it a wise policy, indeed
eminently wise, that for no such thing should
we appropriate money any faster than it can
be immediately used in the future; that accu-
mulating approbations, putting large sums,
unnecessarily large, at the disposal of any offi-
cer of the Government is a very bad policy
indeed. I hope that this amendment will meet
the approval of my friends who are peculiarly
i interested in the prosecution of this work.
| Mr. KIRKWOOD. I hope the amendment
1 will not be adopted. I am pretty strongly im-
pressed with the opinion that the board of
engineers will recommend and that the Secre-
tary will adopt a plan for improving these rap-
ids by means of a canal. I am very much more
familiar with the Mississippi river than my
friend from Vermont is, and I am fearful that
•if we make an appropriation of only $300,000
in addition to the $200,000 already appropri-
ated, we shall lose a good portion of the work
that may be done during the current year.
The Mississippi is a considerably larger river
than any they have in Vermont,
j Mr. EDMUNDS. So is the sum of $500,000
j a larger sum of money than any that is voted
for any river in Vermont.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. That maybe, but it is
to be dealt with accordingly. If the money is
not used it remains in the Treasury. We
appropriate the money, and if it is not used
and cannot be used, though the engineer tells
us it can be used judiciously in this way, it
remains in the Treasury. It is not drawn out
of the Treasury and put in the hands of the
officers until it is necessary to be expended.
Then there is no danger of loss to the public,
and there is a probability of getting the work
in such a condition that it will not suffer injury,
if we give enough to go at a work of this mag-
nitude in a respectable way; whereas if we go
at it by appropriations of $100,000 or $200,000
at a time the chance is that each winter we
shall lose a portion of what we have done the
preceding summer. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think this amendment
is very liberal. Of course the board of engi-
neers has to act before any action can be taken
by the Secretary. There is $200,000 now
unexpended, and that with the appropriation
proposed would give them $500,000 for this
year's operations, which is really all that will
be necessary and all that could be profitably
expended in the year, even if they should
adopt the plan of a canal; and I very much
doubt whether they will do that. If the Sen-
ate see fit to give $500,000 for this year, which
will be the effect of this amendment, I am per-
fectly content that it shall be so; and consid-
ering the necessary delay I think it is a very
liberal amount.
Mr. BROWN. I trust if this appropriation
is to be voted it will be voted in such a shape
that it may be available and desirable, and not
cut down to a trifling amount. If this is to be
prosecuted as a canal and the building of a
canal, we have the authority of the officer
making the survey for the fact that the whole
appropriation can be profitably expended dur-
ing the first year. And if that shall be de-
termined on by this board we have provided
for, we ought to furnish the means by which it
can be carried on. If that shall not be deter-
mined upon, but a less expensive plan, there
will be no harm done by voting a sufficient
appropriation. I look on this amendment as
hostile to the whole appropriation.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope that the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont will not be
adopted. These rapids have been in the way
of navigation in the Mississippi river many
years. They have been in the way of a largely
increasing commerce, a commerce increasing
from year to year, until now the commerce
upon that river largely exceeds, if I mistake
not, the whole coastwise commerce of the
United States. There is scarcely any concep-
tion of the immensity, the greatness, of the
commerce upon the Mississippi river.
The Senator from Michigan, the chairman
