1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to the Senate or not) that it was jnst to the
Executive, and on the whole best for the in-
terest of the nation, that he should be allowed
during a recess of the Senate to change his
confidential advisers if it should appear to him
to be fit, subject to that general responsibility
which every officer must beheld to to the public
and to the Senate when they meet again. That
was the reason of the committee.
Mr. HOWE. Well, Mr. President, I am
bound to say that the reason is not satisfactory
to me. I supposed, as the Senator from Ver-
mont.has remarked, that this was not a tem-
porary expedient, but a measure proposed for
the government of the country hereafter; and
in that view of the bill I do insist for one that
these officers should be placed upon the foot-
ing of all other employes of the Government.
They differ only in grade from other officers
who are not included in the exception. They
are of more importance to the public service
than any other of those officers to whom the
bill has reference, and because they are of so
much more importance I think the reason is
just so much stronger why the tenure of their
offices should be regulated by law.
The Senator calls them the confidential ad-
visers of the President. Now, I deny to them
all right to that designation. I do not con-
cede that they are the confidential advisers of
the President, or at least that the law contem-
plates that they should be; that such is the
purpose of their creation. They are the servi-
tors of the country; they are placed there for
the benefit of the people; and it is no more
necessaiy that they should be on confidential
terms with the President than that they should
be on confidential terms with the representa-
tives of the people. It is very true it may hap-
pen at some juncture that the head of a De-
partment may be on unfriendly terms with the
head of the executive department; it may
make their personal intercourse disagreeable
to one or the other; but such contingencies
happen in the administration of public affairs
in other countries. I believe no attention is
paid to the question whether a minister of
Great Britain is personally agreeable or disa-
freeable to the sovereign. He is put in office
ecause he is agreeable to the people, and he
holds office no longer than he is agreeable
to the representatives of the people; and what-
ever may be the personal inclinations of the
sovereign he leaves office whenever he proves
dissatisfactory to the people. I know of no
reason why American law should be more
careful of the personal feelings of the Presi-
dent of the United States or less careful of the
wishes of the people of the United States than
British law should be of the personal feelings
of their sovereign of the wishes of the peo-
ple of Great Britain. We supposed our insti-
tutions were as dependent upon the pleasure
of the people as those of Great Britain. I
hope they are to continue even more so; but
it does look to me as if the exception which it
is proposed to insert in this bill is to make the
executive officers less responsible to the peo-
ple and the administration of the Government
than is the administration of the British Gov-
ernment.
For these reasons I move to strike out the
words included within parentheses in the first
section of the amendment of the committee.
The words which I propose to strike out are
"excepting the Secretaries of State, of the
Treasury, of- War, of the Navy, of the Inte-
rior, the Postmaster General, and the Attorney
General."
Mr. BUCKALEW. The committee did not
change this feature of the bill. The particular
provision in the amendment now moved to be
stricken out is similar to that contained in the
bill which was referred to them. Now, sir, I
should like to ask the Senator who last spoke
whether in a case which I will mention to him
he would be content that the President should
not possess the power of changing his Cabinet.
At one time during the presidency of General
Jackson it is known that difficulties arose be-
tween him and the Vice President, a political
quarrel which went into the politics of the
country. There were certain members of the
President's Cabinet who adhered politically in
that dispute to the Vice President, who pre-
sided in this Chamber, and who for a time was
in accord with the political majority here.
Under such a provision of law as the Senator
proposes, it would have been possible for the
Vice President of the United States, acting in
concert with a majority of the Senate, to rule
the President, and to contend with the Presi-
dent in his own Cabinet to have men there to
distract his councils, and, so far as their voices
could go, to dictate his policy. I refer back to
a well-known historical case by which to test
the Senator's views of this particular provision
in the amendment. And now, sir, seriously I
ask him whether in that emergency in our pub-
lic history, when the case which I have de-
scribed was one of actual fact in this Govern-
ment, he would have had the head of the exec-
utive department hampered and annoyed and
worried and opposed by political enemies in his
Cabinet, held there by a political opposition
in the Senate of the United States.
Mr. HOWE. In precisely the case which
the Senator from Pennsylvania has referred us
to I do not hesitate to say that I would not
allow the President of the United States to
remove the members of the Cabinet, the heads
of Departments. If they were not in accord
with the President, it does not follow that they
were not in accord with some other department
of the Government; it does not follow that they
were not in accord with the people. The Sen-
ator calls the Cabinet the President's "own
Cabinet." We are at issue upon the propriety
of that exact term. I deny that the Cabinet is
the President's Cabinet, that it was intended so
to be by law, that it ought so to be in fact. It
is the Cabinet of the people. Its members are
to serve the people, and every dnty prescribed
to each one of those officers is prescribed by
law; and there is no duty prescribed by law to
any one of them that they may not execute
just as faithfully and just as ably when not in
accord with the President as when in accord
with the President; and, unless I am greatly
mistaken, there is no duty devolved by the
Constitution or by law upon the President that
he may not discharge just as well, whether his
Secretary of State or his Secretary of the
Treasury or any other member of the ministry
or all other members of the ministry disagree
with him or not. The duties which are confided
to him by the Constitution are few, and in the
discharge of those duties he can neither be con-
trolled nor obstructed by any minister. It is to
enable him to exert powers and influences not
given to him by the Constitution or by law that
it is thought to be essential that he should
have control of the tenure of these heads of
Departments; and it is precisely beaause you
cannot give him control of the terms of these
officers, without giving him powers and influ-
ences which the Constitution never designed
that he should have, that I object to leaving
that control in his hands.
Mr. President, I do not say this at all with
reference to the present condition of affairs.
Let who may be President at any time here-
after, I still insist that this is the sound rule of
interpretation, and ought to be enforced.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, when I
spoke of a feeling of accord between the Pres-
ident and any of his Secretaries, I was not
speaJcing of political agreement. I can read-
ily conceive, as is suggested by my friend from
Wisconsin, that if the President of the United
States happened to be a Bepubliean and my
friend from Wisconsin was his principal Secre-
tary of the Treasury, happening to be a Dem-
ocrat—and I do not mean to make any offen-
sive illustration 
Mr. HOWE. Well, change it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I can readily enough
conceive that in such a ease tliat would be no
reason why the affairs of the Treasury should
not go on with regularity, symmetry, and pro-
priety, without any difficulty between those gen-
tlemen. But I was speaking not of political
sympathy, but of matters of harmony and sim-
ilarity of views respecting the administration
of the Department itself; because we all know
that although all these Departments are exec-
utive, and although the Chief Magistrate is
himself nothing but the executor of the lawe
which we make, yet in the coarse of the ad-
ministration of affairs questions arise contin-
ually which require judgment, which require
tact, which require cooperation between the
different Departments of the Government.
Now, then, in order to reach that harmony
and that cooperation, I think it is fit that the
Chief Executive Magistrate, who is responsible
to us in a greater degree than any of his sub-
ordinates, should be allowed, if a difference
of opinion respecting the administration of a
particular Department for which he is respon-
sible as the Chief Executive should arise be-
tween himself and his Secretary^ during a
recess of the Senate, to dispense with the ser-
vices of that man and select some other; be-
cause if he be not thus allowed, when Congress
comes to meet again and we find that the law
has failed of execution, and that derangement
and trouble has come upon the administration
of public affairs, whom are we to reproach?
If we say to the President, "You by the Con-
stitution are the head, arid you are responsible
that this law should have been executed accord-
ing to our will," his reply will be, " Very well;
but this Secretary whom I selected and whom
you agreed to turned out to be entirely ineapa-
ble to perform these duties; and while I could
not charge him with any specific crime or specific
legal incapacity to perform the duties provided
for by law, yet he was so generally incompe-
tent that the affairs of that Department could
not be administered; now blame yourselves,
not me." I think we ought to hold the execu-
tive department of the Government to a full
and rigorous and vigorous performance and
execution of every law that we pass ; and to
do that freely and fully and fairly I think we
ought to give him the little discretion which
we do give him by merely allowing him in our
absence to change, if he pleases, four or five
officers who by all prescription and all custom
and all practice are regarded, and are, in fact,
his confidential, and necessarily confidential,
sdvissrs.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, let me add
one word. The very case which the Senator
from Vermont supposes is provided for in this
second section. He supposes the case of the
head, of a Department who becomes not crim-
inal, but simply incapable to discharge the
duties of his office. The second section of this
very amendment provides that in that case the
President may suspend his functions and lay
the fact of incapability before the Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I prepared the original
bill in this case, which contains in different
words the exception contained in the amend-
ment reported by the committee. I do not
regard the exception as of any great practical
consequence, because I suppose if the Presi-
dent and any head of a Depart ment should dis-
agree so as to make their relations unpleasant,
and the President should signify a desire that
that head of Department should retire from
the Cabinet, that would follow without any
positive act of removal on the part of the Pres-
ident. I do not think that in many eases which
have occurred the President has peremptorily
removed any member of the Cabinet; but I
understand the usual practice is, if the Presi-
dent desires to dispense with any head of a
Department and to substitute another for him,
to signify in some way his desire that there
should be a vacancy in the office, and the
office, when it becomes vacant by resignation,
is filled by the President according to his own
wishes and views.
The power under this amendment of the com-
mittee is preserved in the Senate, as it exists at
this time. During the recess of the Senate
under this amendment the President may re-
move one of the heads of the Departments and
he may temporarily appoint some person to fill
the vacancy; but 1 understand that at the next
