1824
IBB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
of the Committee on Commerce, insists that
$300,000 is a very liberal appropriation in-
deed for making an improvement that the en-
gineer estimates will cost between two and
three millions ; and even if ittfosts that nmount
it will be the best invested money that was
ever invested, perhaps, in a public improve-
ment. The Senator from Michigan says this
is very liberal indeed. Without reflecting upon
the bill which he has reported, I must say that !
I find decidedly greater liberality in favor of
the rivers arid harbors in his own State. I find
in this bill for the improvement of the St. Clair ,
flats, in Michigan, $150,000; for the improve-
ment at the month of the Saginaw river, Mich- I
iean, $28,000; for the improvement of St.
Mary's river, Michigan, $50,000; for the im-
proving the month of Au Sable river, Michi-
gan, $60,000: for improving the harbor of
Aux Bees Scies, Michigan, $10,000; for im- •
provement of Black Lake harbor, Michigan, |
$50,000; for improving harbor of St. Joseph,
Michigan, 823,000 : for improving harbor of |
Manistee, Michigan, $00,000; for improvement |
of White River harbor, Michigan, $57,000 ;
for improvement of Muskegon harbor, Lake
Michigan, $59,000 ; for improving harbor of
South Haven, Michigan, $43,000; for improv-
ing harbor of New Buffalo, Michigan, $60,000;
and for the harbor of Ontonagon, Michigan,
$97.000—making $747,000 in the single State
of Michigan, and I believe I have not counted
all the items for that State.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator will par-
don me. I simply said as to that, in view of
what they could expend properly this year, it
was a liberal appropriation; I did not say it
was liberal as to the work itself, but that I did
not think they couid expend more than that
this year. . I had no reference in that remark
to the magnitude of the work, but simply to
what I thought could be expended this year.
So far as the appropriations for Michigan are
concerned, they are all reeommended by the
engineer department, and they are all for the
benefit of the surrounding States. Michigan
is almost wholly surrounded by water, is a
peninsula, and of course there are many har-
bors to be provided for.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator stated
that this appropriation was liberal, and I did
not know in what sense he intended to be
understood. He certainly stated that it was a
very liberal appropriation, and when I came
to look at the appropriations provided for the
State of Michigan I found $747,000 appro-
priated, and I do not know that I have included
even now all the items. Here is an appropria-
tion to remove obstacles in the navigation of a
great inland sea, a river upon which floats a
commerce greater than the commerce between
the United States and all the nations of the
world.
Mr. WILSON. Do not brag.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from
Massachusetts advises me not to brag. Cer-
tainly figures demonstrate the fact which I
have stated, and he knows it. It is a fact
beyond any question or doubt. Now, these
rapids are in the way of an easy navigation of
the river; in fact at certain seasons of the year
they stand in the way of any navigation at all,
even with the lightest vessels, and it is exceed-
ingly desirable, not alone to the State that I in
part represent, but to the people of all the
western States, that the Rock Island rapids and
the Des Moines rapids should be improved. I
hope the Senate will not hesitate to give the
amount that may be necessary for the purpose.
What that amount may be I of course know but
littje about. I can only rely upon the reports
which we have here. We authorized last year
the Secretary of War to make this investi-
gation. The investigation has been made by
a competent engineer, I presume, or else he
would not have been ordered to do it. The
Senator from Vermont tells us that he is a very
young man. His report is approved by the
Engineer-in-Chief, whom I know to be a com-
petent man. I suppose that no member of
this body will donbt the capacity and ability of
the chief Engineer, General Humphreys, and
I do not suppose any one will hesitate to say
that if he has approved the work of General
Wilson he would not have done so without
knowing what he was doing. He says in his
letter already read: "I concur in the views and
conclusions of General Wilson as to the best
mode of improving the Des Moines rapids ;
that is, by building a canal with locks."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does my friend from
Missouri observe the fact that in this very letter
General Humphreys first wrote the word "rec-
ommendations " and struck it out and used
the word " conclusions," so that he was care-
ful not to use the word " recommendations? "
Mr. BROWN. "Conclusions" is a little
more conclusive than the other word.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Perhaps it may be, and if
so you are entitled to the benefit of it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not know that I
can draw any distinction—the Senator from
Vermont may possibly be able to draw one—
between the words "conclusions" and "rec-
ommendations." I apprehend that General
Humphreys in writing this letter intended to
indorse clearly the views entertained by the
officer who made the survey in regard to the
best mode of improving these rapids. If he
did not intend that by his letter I should say
that General Humphreys ought to improve in
his mode of writing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no doubt from
that letter that General Humphreys does now
concur in the conclusions of this officer; but a
conclusion as to the necessity of a work is one
thing and a recommendation of $2,000,000, as
.you say the printed recommendation is, to be
spent this year, is quite a different thing.
Mr. HENDERSON. Not by any means;
he did not so recommend. He said it would
cost over two million dollars, but he does not
expect that $2,000,000 will be expended within
the coming year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The recommendation, if
you call it a recommendation at all, as I do not,
was that by the 80th of June, 1867, this report-
ing officer says he can expend a million, and
up to June 30, 1868, another million. If that
does not make $2,000,000 in a little over a
year I do not understand arithmetic.
Mr. BROWN. So much the greater reason
for increasing the amount allowed.
Mr. HENDERSON. If that argument
amounted to anything, it only demonstrates
the necessity of appropriating the $2,000,000
now, as my colleague suggests. It is useless
for us to hesitate about the amount of money
to be appropriated for the improvement of
these rapids, provided they can be improved
at all. That is the real question. If they can
be improved the people of the United States
ought not to hesitate one moment about going
to work to accomplish that object. Whatever
is necessary to be done ought to be done in
order that navigation may be facilitated over
that part of the river. Here is a river thirty-
six hundred miles in length, the most magnifi-
cent stream in the World, with its navigation
unimpeded and uninterrupted through its entire
length, except by these two rapids at Keokuk
and at Rock Island. At these points commerce
has to be entirely reshipped; freight has to be
removed from one vessel to another in order
to pass over these rapids during a large portion
of the year, carried over them in lighters and
again removed above or below to the other
vessels. This ought to be obviated if it is pos-
sible to do so, and especially in consideration
of the richness and the wealth of the commerce
passing over them. No idea of a parsimoni-
ous apprppriation should be permitted to £nter
into the brains of Senators on this subject. I
do not want a lavish expenditure of money; I
do not desire that one dollar shall be needlessly
and recklessly expended, or that we shall now
appropriate a dollar beyond the amount abso-
lutely essential to remove these obstacles in
the way of navigation upon this stream; but
whatever sum may be necessary for that pur-
pose the Senate ought without hesitation to
appropriate.
The Senator from Michigan has in this bitl
$747,000 for his own State, and I freely accord
it to the State of Michigan, because with the
exception of six or seven States still west of
Michigan it is perhaps the greatest State in the
Union. [Laughter.] I have never hesitated
to vote appropriations for building harbors ;
but it ought to be remembered that we in the
West on this great river build our own har-
bors. We do not ask you to build a harbor at
St. Louis nor at Keokuk nor at Burlington
nor at Galena. We are not asking .you in this
bill to build harbors on the western rivers ; but
along the eastern sea-board and along the great
lakes I have from year to year voted appro-
priations for harbors without hesitation, and
the people that I represent do not ask me to
do otherwise than to vote the most liberal
appropriations for such purposes. We will
build harbors for you ; we take as much pride
in your expanding commerce as you can take
yourselves, and 1 do not hesitate to give all
that you can in reason ask. But this is not for
a harbor ; this is to remove an obstacle in the
way of navigation itself upon the greatest
river of the earth. If we can give you $747,000
for improving harbors in the State of Michi-
gan, why can you not give us at least a million
for the improvement of navigation at the Des
Moines rapids in the Mississippi ? These
rapids lie just in the middle of navigation
upon that stream. Above the navigation is
good ; below it is good. A passage must be
cut, as the Senator from California [Mr. Con-
fess] suggests to me. He will remember that
I have never hesitated to vote the most liberal
appropriations to the Pacific coast. Wherever
he wants a harbor in California my people
have said give it to the Senator from Califor-
nia who so ably represents that State and
never neglects the interests of his constituents.
But now, when we are asking an appropria-
tion to remove ten or twelve miles of absolute
obstacle in the way of navigation upon the
Mississippi river the Senator from Vermont
says that it must be cut down ; that $300,000
will be amply sufficient for this year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Five hundred thousand
dollars.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is said $200,000
was appropriated last year and is still to the
credit of this work. I presume the reason why
that money has not been expended is that it
is useless to take $200,000 out of the Treas-
ury unless we can do some good with it. Our
people at the West do not ask your money
unless you give enough to accomplish the work.
We do not desire to take a penny when a dol-
lar is needed. While my friend from Ver-
mont comes to the conclusion that this thing
ought not to be done ou the Mississippi river,
just look at what he does for the little harbor
of Burlington in his State. Here are twelve
miles of solid rock to be blown out of the bot-
tom of a river, or else a canal of seven or eight
miles to be constructed around the rapids, and
all we ask is $1,000,000 in order to go on with
this improvement at these rapids, that have
stood for the last twenty years to my certain
knowledge in the way of the most magnificent
commerce on earth. The Senator has no idea
what an obstacle it is and what complaints it
causes and what cost it is to reship goods.
But at the same time that he finds it in his
heart to strike out this appropriation, which
will involve from two to three million dollars
—I do not pretend to say it will cost less, and
if it cost $20,000,000 it would yet be the best
appropriation that could be made—what is his
action in regard to his own State? The Sen-
ator represents a gallant and brave little State,
but it has no large streams. I presume he has
never seen the Mississippi river; he does not
appreciate its greatness, and it is an utter im-
possibility for him to appreciate the commerce
that floats upon its surface. It is about three
quarters of a mile wide, nearly a mile.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I admit it is a big river,
a mile wide and some feet deep.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator will rec-
ollect that there is a fall or rapid at this point,
