1148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
There are suits now to the extent of hundreds
brought against men, involving their certain
ruin; and yet the Postmaster General has not
the authority to order their withdrawal. Cer-
tainly, if we cannot intrust the head of a De-
partment of this-Government, an officer who is
the adviser of the President of the United
States in the adjustment of these old accounts
of the character I speak of, the -country has
come to a pretty hard pass indeed.
It is well known that I am not on the very
best of terms, either politically or otherwise,
"with the honorable gentleman who presides at
the head of this Department, but I am perfectly
willing to intrust him with the settlement of
these cases. I am exceedingly anxious that
our citizens shall be relieved from being con-
stantly harrassed by the agents of the law sent
out upon a cbangein the Auditor's department
of the Post Office. We have an Auditor to-
day who understands a case; perhaps he has
given an order to suspend a suit, but he cannot
order its discharge. When a new officer comes
in, upon representation made to him he gives
an order to reinstitute the suit and to press it
to its conclusion. These cases are very hard;
they exist all over the country; and it is a duty
of the Government at once to ascertain a basis
of exact justice upon which the settlement can
be made. If the Senator from Ohio sees fit to
offer any provision which shall guard it with
more care I have no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Cali-
fornia has shown by his argument the danger
of this section. According to this construc-
tion it does enable the Postmaster General,
without limit or restraint, to give additional
compensation to every postmaster from the
foundation of the Government to the passage
of the recent law.
Mr. CONNESS. Not at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the power con-
ferred. Let Senators read the section of law
and see. The Senator asks mo to propose
some amendmeut to the section. Nothing of
the kind is nccessarj;. Prior to the recent law
the mode of assessing the compensation of
postmasters was fixed, and the amounts were
adjusted by the proper Auditor of the Post
Office Department, and there is no difficulty
in any person receiving all that is due to him
from the Government of the United States for
services as postmaster. Every person entitled
to pay under the law can readily get it. If
the law does not confer this authority we ought
not to give to the head of a Department the
power to allow that which the law does not
grant. If a postmaster has a legal claim the
way is open. Under these circumstances-it
is proposed to allow the Postmaster General
to settle those accounts upon the basis of
equity and justice.
Mr. CONNESS. What other basis should
it be?
Mr. SHERMAN. Upon the basis of law.
Wo never allow the head of a Department
to settle accounts upon any other principle.
Equity may be administered by Congress, but
the executive officers must be governed bylaw.
Suppose a postmaster should make a show
of equity in regard to something that occurred
twenty years ago, describing an extreme case,
as the Senator did, and he should present it to
the Postmaster General: the proofs on the
part of the Government are all gone, but the
1 ostraaster General under this section would
have power to adjust the claim and pay what-
ever lie thought just and equitable. There is
no reference to an auditor or a comptroller;
none of the ordinary machinery by which claims
against the Government are investigated or
allowed is provided for. Surely that ought
not to be done.
Then, in regard to southern postmasters,
the Senator thinks the phrase " official delin-'
quency" will bo sufficient to exclude them.
Perhaps it may be, but I would not in any case
give such authority to the head of a Depart-
ment. The authority that was given by law
two years ago to the Secretary of the Treasury
to compromise and adjust claims growing oat
of the internal revenue system has led to great
complaints, and it will be modified at the first
reasonable opportunity.
I have no desire to impeach, and I do not
impeach, the integrity of the Postmaster Gen-
eral ; but I would not subject any officer of the
Government to be appealed to day by day by
claimants for an additional allowance not con-
templated by law. The time of the Postmaster
General is now employed. The Senator says
that claim agents are harrassing him already.
Well, suppose you make him general grand
arbitrator of all claims that may have arisen
in his Department from the foundation of the
Government to this time, he will have no peace;
they will*hound the life cyit of him. I would
not give him authority to allow any claim un-
less it is a claim authorized by law, in strict
pursuance of law. If the laws heretofore have
been illiberal,-and postmasters have not been
granted enough, let us regulate that matter by
our legislation.
Mr. CONNESS. From the remarks of the
honorable Senator one would suppose that this
case would cover great claims. One would
suppose that it would bring about a settlement
which would require that the Postmaster Gen-
eral should pay money out of the Treasury,
when the facts are the other way; that the Post
Office Department, through their Auditor, are
prosecuting citizens on the assumption that
they owe money to the Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. This would authorize the
Postmaster General to overrule the decision
of the proper tribunal.
Mr. CONNESS. The honorable Senator
says that it is an unusual power to give to the
head of a Department. Why, Mr. President, the
Secretary of the Treasury has the power given
him by law, and exercises it every day, of re-
mitting to citizens when they have had prop-
erty confiscated or proposed to be confiscated
or condemned to the amount of hundreds of
thousands of dollars, as in the cases of ships
in the violation of the revenue laws of the
United States. The law authorizes that officer
to review the entire case, and to grant relief
by dismissing the proceedings and restoring
the property.
If that authority were not given under the
laws as they stand there would be the greatest
possible hardship to citizens. Citizens would
rise up against the administration of the law.
The cupidity of a Government officer might
lead to the utter ruin of the best men of the
land. These are great cases, and the author-
ity is full and plenary in the head of the De-
partment ; but the cases to which this section
is to refer are cases involving one hundred or
two hundred or mayhap five hundred dollars
of claims against deputy postmasters, where
upon examination of the casi the Department
are forced to conclude that an allowance ought
to be made in equity to the postmaster, but the
law was exact at that time and did not author-
ize the allowance to be made. The suit is
pending; the man is ruined, or about to be
ruined. Here is the spectacle of a great Gov-
ernment crushing a man out who in a small
and humble capacity endeavored to do the very
best he could for the Government.
i he PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) The question is on the motion
of the Senator from Ohio, to reconsider the
vote_ adopting the section which has been
specified.
Mr. CONNESS called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish simply to answer
one remark made by the Senator from Cali-
fornia. He alludes to the power invested by
law in the Secretary of the Treasury in cases
of penalties. There is no authority vested in
the Secretary of the Treasury like this. The
Senator will look in vain in any law to find
any such authority granted to any head of De-
partment.
Mr. CONNESS. It is a very much greater
authority.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. In certain
cases where seizures are made and forfeitures
incurred the Secretary may relieve parties
from penalties, and the cases are restricted by
the law; but he has never been authorized to
draw money from the Treasury on principles
of equity and justice. That power has never
been granted.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire simply to say that
it is an equity power strictly that is given to
the Secretary of the Treasury in those cases;
that when he decides he overrules the judg-
ments of courts and the law, because there is
equity in the case.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from California what is the exact class
of cases which will be submitted to the judg-
ment of the Postmaster General if this section
becomes a law.
Mr. CONNESS. They are cases of a very
limited class where the percentage - was the
only compensation allowed to the deputy post-
masters, but when they were, perhaps, what
are termed separating offices, for which the
law made no provision; where the office was
required to be kept open every night, and a
man kept on service; where a building suffi-
cient to receive a large and overwhelming mass
of mail matter had to be provided, and yet the
law made no provision to compensate the man,
and the postmaster went on performing those
duties with the expectation that the Depart-
ment would make an allowance thereafter.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Gentlemen have spoken
about equity and law. Probably it would be
well that we should understand what equity is
and what law is. Whether we consult Lord
Bacon or Lord Coke; whether we take the
continental jurists or take the common-law
lawyers, equity is law, and equity has the same
foundation as the common law. It is the law
of the country. What the law does not justify
equity does not afford.
It is true that in ancient times, under the
severe rule of the common law, the chancellors
of England introduced from the Continent the
continental jurisprudence, and it has received
the name or styleof equity; but what is that
bnt simple justice, what is that but simple law ?
Equity is law only in a different form, and to
be informed properly we must understand that
there is no difference between the common law
and the civil law when you come down to their
real principles, because they all have the same
foundation, and there is no such thing as
equity in the understanding that it is out of
the complaisance of the officer to grant a favor.
Lord Bacon did not do that. The law as ad-
ministered in the high court of chancery is
altogether conterminous with the common law
of England. The common law of England is
the same thing with the law of the Continent,
only they use different terms, different styles,
and different manners, but all seek the same
result, and that is exact right.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot help thinking
that this is a very dangerous power. I have
always been opposed to bills giving the head
of a Department or anybody else power to settle
claims upon the principles of equity and justice,
because that leaves them entirely to his discre-
tion to do precisely as he pleases. Most of the
difficulties that we have had about claims have
arisen from power given in such terms. Much
of the complaint of the undue exercise of
power in the payment of money that ought not
to have been paid has arisen out of such legis-
lation.
If it were possible for the Postmaster Gen:
eral himself to sit down and examine these
claims personally and ascertain what should
be done with them, it would not be so bad;
but everybody knows that neither the Post-
master General nor any other head of a Depart-
ment can give his personal attention to any-
thing of that sort. He necessarily puts it into
the hands of a clerk, and a clerk is open to
influences, as all men are more or less.
The Postmaster' General cannot even revise
what he does. Everybody must see that these
