1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1825
and that the water is shallow there, and imme-
diately after reaching Keokuk, at the foot of
the rapids, there is deep water from there to
the city of New Orleans, a distance of fourteen
hundred miles. Immediately above, up to
Rock Island, there is deep water, and from
Rock Island to St. Paul, which is a distance
greater than any stream in his State multiplied
by six, it is again a deep stream. It will be a
stream fit for navigation its whole length if we
remove these obstructions. My friend, who
thinks $300,000 ought to be enough for this
purpose, after reporting from the committee
of which he is a member to strike out this
whole appropriation on the ground that it was
not recommended by the War Department,
introduces an appropriation of $80,000 for the
improvement of the harbor of Burlington, Ver-
mont, which is not recommended by the House
nor by the War Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is recommended by
the War Department expressly.
Mr. HENDERSON. Why was it not in-
serted in the bill by the House of Representa-
tives?
Mr. EDMUNDS. For this reason, that by
a mere blunder in the general report of the
Secretary of War the appropriation required
for the current year was left blank, and on
inquiry they said that the plans had been
entirely completed, and they wrote a letter to
the committee stating that it was an accident,
and requesting that the $80,000 appropriation
be put in.
Mr. HENDERSON. That may be; but I
find it in the printed bill, inserted by the com-
mittee which strikes out the Mississippi river
appropriation. It seemed to me to be robbing
Peter to pay Paul, taking away from the Des
Moines rapids and giving to Burlington. I do
not refer to this fact for the purpose of saying
that I am opposed to giving an appropriation
to Burlington, Vermont, for a harbor. If Bur-
lington wants $100,000 for that purpose she
may take it. I will vote for it even upon the
recommendation of the Senator alone, if he
says that it is needed. We in the West are
liberal, and whatever the country demands we
are ready to give. We want to make this coun-
try what nature designed it to be.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Nature designed that
there should be a rapid there and no canal.
Mr. HENDERSON. Nature designed that
man should do something himself, l^uppose
the Senator does not urge that man should be
left as nature made him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is your argument,
not mine.
Mr. HENDERSON. Nature designed these
great rivers for man's use, and I suppose that
nature designed even the harbor of Burlington
to be made at the expense of the people of this
country. This State of the Senator from Ver-
mont is a gallant and glorious little State, but
its streams are so small as to have dwarfed a
mind that is otherwise as magnanimous as a
mind can be, a true mind and one devoted to
the best interests of the country; but he seems
to be surprised that we who see the broad
prairies of the West, who see the magnificent
farms of the West twenty-five and thirty thou-
sand acres, which it would be utterly impossi-
ble to get the tenth part of between the mount-
ains of his State, have our minds expanded
and enlarged, and we look upon a dollar per-
haps as he does upon a five-cent piece; or
rather he regards a five-cent piece as valuable
as we do a dollar. That may be or may not
be the case : but I think that he ought not, in
the face of this report, to tell us that the young
man who made it is too young. We are told
in the good book of Job that wisdom belongs
not entirely to the old, but sometimes it may
be found in the heads of young men.
Mr. BROWN. Let us vote.
Mr. HENDERSON, lfthere is no difficulty
about passing the appropriation, I will stop
speaking; but I insist that these obstructions
be removed, and that whatever is necessary for
that purpose shall be voted. I shall not hesi-
tate to vote the appropriations needed for other
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. lln.
sections of the country; I shall not even move
to strike out one single appropriation for any
harbor in the State of my distinguished friend
from Michigan who finds it in his heart to run
nearly to a million dollars for the benefit of
his own State. This is not for the benefit of
Missouri; it is for the benefit of eight or ten
of the most magnificent States of the Union.
I mean in their natural wealth, the fertility
of their soil, and their commercial greatness.
Therefore, let us have a liberal appropriation,
and let the Senator from Vermont withdraw
his proposition for the small amount that he
thinks about giving us. The truth of the mat-
ter is, that it will lie like your $200,000 appro-
priation and nothing will be done. We cannot
commence work of this character; we cannot
blow out rocks at the bottom of a river covered
two or three feet with water, or begin to blow
them out with your $300,000 appropriation.
If we continue that course of policy we need a
much largerappropriation. If we build a canal
we need all the appropriation that the bill as
it passed the House proposed. I say, there-
fore, whatever may be the recommendation of
this board of officers, let us vote the amount
that is needed. We will pay it back into the
Treasury in two years from the annual profits
made from the removal of these obstructions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will not undertake to
compare the expansiveness of my mind with
that of my friend from Missouri. I shall leave
that to others, I have no doubt he has de-
scribed his own mind correctly; and indeed I
have always understood that his observations,
if not his mind, were quite expansive. Nor
will I undertake to particularly distinguish be-
tween my valuation of a sixpence or a five-
cent piece and his of a dollar. I can only
congratulate the creditors of the State of Mis-
souri in the fact that at least one of her citi-
zens is too liberal not to be willing to pay the
dollars that she owes. The people of that State
may certainly criticise the conduct of Ver-
monters in voting away public money when
we have been taught that they are somewhat
reluctant to vote their own, and even for the
payment of their debts I
Now, then, Mr. President, let us return to
the subject. I believe it is not Burlington, Ver-
mont, nor the State of Missouri, but it is the
simple question of how much money ought to
be appropriated now for entering upon a scheme
which is not yet entered upon by the Depart-
ment ; because I defy the gentleman to produce
any recommendation of the Department for it.
It is not in the printed report, nor in the special
report, nor in this letter which is written by
General Humphreys to one of the Senators,
and which is only a concurrence of one engi-
neer in the conclusion of another. I say, in
that view of the case, it is unwise and unjust to
the other interests of the country to be appro-
priating in advance heavy sums of money be-
fore we know how it is to be spent. This is an
appropriation for the current year. There are
$200,000 voted already. If we add $300,000
to it, there will be $500,000. The canal cannot
be completed this year nor next; it will be the
work of years. There are the land proprietors
to arrange with, the preliminary arrangements
and expenses to be met, the materials and ma-
chinery to be got on the ground, and all that.
Is $500,000 not a sufficient sum for these
preliminary purposes ? And then when we get
a further report at the next meeting of Con-
gress from the Department showing what has
been done with this money and what further is
needed, I shall be quite willing to vote it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I was not aware that
the Senator from Vermont or any of his con-
stituents held any bonds of my State. I think it
quite gratuitous in him to make any allusion to
tne non-payment of interest upon the bonds
of Missouri. Up to Jul}', 1861, the State ot
Missouri never failed to pay every dollar of its
interest as it accrued. And if the Senator
from Vermont had been in that State since
July, 1861, he would not feel it in his heart
now, either with an expanded or contracted
mind, to make any reflections upon that State.
The condition of Missouri since 1861 has not
been such that we could possibly pay interest
or principal upon anything. But 1 can state
to the Senator that there is not a dollar of the
indebtedness of Missouri that will not be paid;
and the Legislature now is making provision
for paying every dollar of it with all the in-
terest that we ever agreed to pay, and I can
assure him that such will be the case. During
the war our citizens were taxed at the rate of
thirty dollars a head poll tax in order to sus-
tain the LFnion and to drive back the hordes
of secession and protect ourselves and those
who lived north and east of us. I can tell
the Senator that if the United States had paid
us the money we expended in keeping up a
military establishment, not alone for our pro-
tection, but to drive back the hordes that came
from the southern States, we could to-day pay
every dollar of interest that we owe to Ver-
mont creditors or any other eastern creditors
or foreign creditors, and pay a large amount
of the principal of our debt.
I will state-to him that the people of the
State of Missouri would not have suffered their
credit to be thus tarnished, or ever to have
been placed in such a condition as to invite
the criticisms of the Senator from Vermont,
had it not been for this war. He ought to be
a little more charitable to such States as my
own and the State of Kentucky and the State
of Tennessee, where our citizens have been in
the midst of the fiercest civil war, fighting
among themselves as well as opposing the foe
without, and who were coming upon our south-
ern borders two or three times a year. The
Senate of the United States generously and
kindly voted the amount that is due us, and
the other House has also voted it; and so soon
as the accounts can be examined in the Treas-
ury Department and audited, that money will
be paid, and I hope then that there will be no
longer foundation for sucti remarks as the Sen-
ator has indulged in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am sorry that myfriend
from Missouri is getting unnecessarily excited.
All that I said was merely intended to remind
him that a people and a Senator standing in
the position that his people and he do could
not with very good grace accuse a Vermonter
of having too small or too close an idea of
money. That is all.
Mr. HENDERSON. I certainly did hope
the Senator would not take in the manner he
did any reference that I made to that subject;
for I have felt, and now feel, that there is no
Senator in this body for whom I have a higher
regard than the Senator from Vermont; and
any remark that I may have made upon that
subject was in a jocular tone and style and
manner, and I supposed that he at the time
took it in that way.
Mr. JOHNSON. The question is whether
we shall appropriate the amount proposed now
upon the terms which are to be annexed to the
appropriation. It has nothing to do, as I un-
derstand it, with the conduct of Missouri, nor
with what may be the general character of the
State of Vermont. It is a simple question,
what is right in relation to the country gener-
ally, they being all interested in the improve-
ment of the Mississippi. The rapids which the
improvement seeks to remove, iu whole or in
part, are such that for some eighty or ninety
days during the season, when the Mississippi
can be used at all for transportation, it is im-
fiossible to get a cargo and vessel over without
ightering, to the very great loss of those who
may bo concerned along the river in the pro-
ductions of the country. If, therefore, the
facts stated by the two boards were now before
us upon a report from the Secretary of War,
and he was to recommend this appropriation.
I suppose there would be no objection to making
it. I do not understand my friend from V er-
mont or my friend from Michigan as saying
that they would oppose it, if that was the inau-
ner in which it was presented to us. I under-
stand the appropriation now to be placed upon
terms which will bring it precisely into that
condition before a dollar of money shall
