386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
that at -the close of the debate' Mr, Madison
had reached a point where he contended that
the subject of removing the Secretary of State
for ForeigniAffairs, as he was then.called, was
oae over which the Constitution had given the
Executive entire control,1 and'.therefore that
the clause introduced into tie law was merely
declaratory of what the, OoSlsfitution was. be-
fore. It is right, also, td say in this connection
that Mr. Madison in the closet, Mr. Madison
the philosopher and-the student and the states-
man, out-of debate, seems by his writings con-
temporaneous with the formation of the Con-
stitution,- and in view of its adoption, to have
considered the opposite to be the correct con-
struction of the Constitution.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, the Senator
from Vermont is entirely correct in what he
has said of the attitude of Mr." Madison in the
Course of that debate and the course of Mr.
Madison in his correspondence. I said noth-
ing to the contrary. I simply said that this
question came under discussion upon the pro-
priety of putting that authority by statute in
the hands of the President, and that Mr. Madi-
son advocated it, and I thought was animated
by the confidence that he'had in General Wash-
ington. I know that in the coarse of that de-
bate he did declare that he believed such was
the intention of the Constitution; but he did
also declare in the course of that debate what
I have already said, that the President who
should exert this power for the purpose of
proscribing political enemies or proscribing
political opinions would be liable to impeach-
ment.
The Senator from Maine repeats what the
Senator from Vermont has urged, that these
ministers are the confidential advisers of the
President. That in practice they may not be
so, of course I cannot say, for I have never
been a President or a Cabinet 'officer; but that
the Constitution ever intended they should be
his confidential advisers I am prepared to deny.
I think-the whole practice of the President' s
consulting his ministers has grown out of this
clause in the Constitution. Referring to the
President, it says:
' "He may requiretheopinioninwritingof theprin-
cipal officers in each of the Executive Departments
upon any subject relating to the duties of their re-
spective offices."
From which I understand, not that the Pres-
ident may convene all his Cabinet officers in
secret conclave and hold awhispered consulta-
tion upon any measure of the Administration
or of the Government, from which the world is
excluded; but that on any measure touching
the financial interests of the country he may
ask, not the private, but the written opinion
of the Secretary of the Treasury; and on any
measure touching the military administration
of the country he may require the written opin-
ion of the Secretary of War, and so of the head
of each of the other Departments.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator if that clause of the Constitution does
not assume that the Presidentis responsible for
the act; but he may ask the written advice of
these heads of Departments as to how he shall
perform the act; so that the Constitution does
make the heads of these Departments his con-
stitutional advisers, and contemplates that he
shall be responsible for the act.
Mr. HOWE. Undoubtedlythose who framed
that clause expected the President to ask advice
in reference to what he was to do or was not to
do, and undoubtedly in reference to those acts
he is responsible and must be, let any Secretary
advise as he may. It does not follow that
because he asks the opinion of the Secretary
he is bound to follow it. If his Secretary is
unfriendly to him, there is no reason in the
world why he cannot criticise the advice the
Secretary gives. He naturally would criticise
it all the more for the fact that the Secretary
was personally unfriendly; but it does not
follow because the Secretary is personally
unfriendly that he will advise in reference to
a public measure dishonestly, for then^ he
damns himself just as surely as he prejudices
the President. It is to be remembered—and it
is that jvhich I want the Senate to remember—
that each one of these officers is acting in
reference to matters about which the law is
explicit; they are discharging dutiesand the
question is what is or is not a duty. Not one
of them, not all of them together, can legis-
late at all. The law imposes certain duties
upon them and the question is what is the. spe- •
cific duty: and the President asks the opinion
of a Cabinet officer just as my friend's clients
take his opinion. " What are my interests?"
or "what are my duties?" or "what are my
responsibilities?'' I take it they are governed
by their estimate of his ability, not at all by
the question whether they agree with him in
political opinion, in determining whether they
shall go to him or to some other attorney for
advice.
It is said that it is essential that there should
be harmony, not merely between the President
and his ministers, but between the different
ministers. Essential to whom? Doubtless
essential to the President that he should have
the personal support of all his ministers; tut
is it more essential to the nation, I ask you,
that there should be harmony between the
ministers and the President than that there
should be harmony between the ministers and
the people? The Constitution did not provide
any such thing. If it had attempted any such
thing, if it had wished any such thing, it would
have said the President may select for his con-
fidential advisers such men as he pleases. The
Senate has no business to have any voice in
the confirmation of Cabinet officers if it'is the
purpose of the law to make them the echo of
the President.
But if the view of the Senator from Maine is
correct, it is not only fatal to my amendment,
but it is fatal to the whole bill; it is fatal to the
bill as originally introduced, and it is fatal to
the whole amendment reported by the com-
mittee ; for he insists not merely upon the
right of the President to remove a Cabinet
minister who is obnoxious to him, but insists
upon the right of a Cabinet officer to remove
every one of his subordinates for the same
reason. It happens, Mr. President, that you
have no officer in the public employment who is
not either directly the subordinate of the Presi-
dent or directly the subordinate of one or the
other of his ministers ; and if the Senator from
Maine is correct in his theory, you ought to
abandon this bill altogether and say, as the
practice is, but as the law never was and never
ought to be, that the President may remove
his Cabinet ministers for such reason as is
satisfactory to him, and that they may remove
in turn every one of their subordinates; for
this is a bill, not as the Senator from Maine
seems to suppose, to vindicate the right of
the Senate to confirm the nominations—the
main purpose of this bill is to regulate the ten-
ure and to restrict the right of the President to
remove from office men who have been con-
firmed.
It was said by the Senator from Oregon, it
was repeated by the Senator from Maine, thnt
in practice this will have very little effect, be-
cause in practice it is said if a Cabinet minister
comes to know that he is distasteful to the
President he will not wait for an act of removal,
but will retire voluntarily. That such cases
have happened in the history of the country I
suppose is true; but I suppose it is true be-
cause you have abandoned the protection of
these offices and the protection of these officers,
because you have surrendered to the President-
of the United States this control over them.
I hold, on the contrary, that the Secretary who
leaves an office created by law for the public
good, not for the President's good, to which
he has been appointed by the President and
the Senate, and leaves that post of duty merely
because the President, one individual of the
great number that have to combine in making
the appointment, intimates a wish that he
should leave, is derelict to his duty and cannot
be commended as a faithful public servant.
He has no more right to do it because the
President may intimate such a wish than he has
to do it because any one Senator who voted
upon his confirmation asks him to do it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, my friend
from Maine referred to an opinion which I
expressed at the last session, and which I
repeat now, that the practice, if any President
should pursue it, of reappointing to office dur-
ing a recess a person who has been antece-
dently nominated and rejected by the Senate,
is in conflict with the spirit of the. Constitu-
tion. . I have had occasion to say that to the
present Attorney General and to the former
Attorney General. The provisions of the Con-
stitution, the Senate will remember, give to
the President the authority to appoint certain
officers by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, and it is provided that other offi-
cers may be appointed in such mode as Con-
gress may provide. In order to guard against
the contingency of a vacancy in any of the
offices, and as necessary to carry on the public
business of the country, the Presidentis vested
with the power to appoint to office during the •
recess of the Senate; and by file, very .terms of
the Constitution, the commission which he is to
issue in cases of that description continues
until the last day of the succeeding session of
the Senate. As I have said to the officer to
whom I refer, and as I say now to the Senate,
what I think they will concur with me in believ-
ing to be very evident, the President, under the
authority which he certainly has of appointing
during the recess, may dispense with the action
of the Senate altogether; for if the commission
which he gives to the officer he so appoints
continues until the termination of the next ses-
sion, the last day of the session, there is then
when Congress adjourns of course a vacancy
in that office happening in the recess which he
is to fill; and he may go on from time to time-
appointing during a recess so as to avoid en-
tirely the authority and the controlling author-
ity which the Constitution intended to give
to the Senate of the United States over such
appointments as the President is directed to
send in to the Senate for confirmation-.
But it is only for the President to say—per-
haps all the Senate are not aware of it—that,
in what he has done in cases of this description
he has but followed the example of his prede-
cessors ; and that example was in its origin sup-
ported, and in the cases where it has been fol-
lowed since, it has been supported, by the opin-
ions of the several Attorneys General who hap-
pened to be in office at the time the instances
occurred. Those Attorneys General were, I
think—at leastl only recollectthose—Mr. Wirt,
Mr. Taney, Mr. Cushing, Mr. Crittenden, Mr.
Mason, and I believe three orfour others. The
question was not submitted to me when I was
an incumbent of that office ; but I nad occa-
sion to say to the President, whose officer I was
at that time, that I certainly should not give
that opinion, except upon the authority of. the
precedent, and if I yielded to that authority I
should say that as an original question the law
was really different.
The President has in some cases, I know—
there are several nominations here that fall
within that class—appointed during the recess
persons whom he had before appointed during
an antecedent recess, and who upon being
nominated to the Senate at the last session
were rejected. There may be cases in which
the President would be justified in doing that,
because of the particular circumstances of the
case. He may be satisfied that the propriety
of confirming the nomination was not brought
entirely before the Senate, because all the facts
which might exist in relation to the appointee
were not before them. What I mean to say is,
that in my judgment (and it is not a judgment
recently formed, and it is one having no refer-
ence to the conduct of the present President
for the time being, but it is an opinion long since
formed) that a practice of that kind is altogether
at war with the spirit of the Constitution, be-
cause it enables a President to avoid_ entirely
the authority which the Constitution intended
to give the Senate of the United States over
