1826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
expended. In the first place there have been
surveys made by officers who arc supposed to be
competent, recommending this improvement;
but, in the next place, if those surveys are not
brought before us now on the recommendation
of the Secretary of War. there is nothing to be
done with the appropriation till auother board
of engineers, to be selected by the Secretary,
shall have reported to him upon the subject,
and reported some plan by which the improve-
ment can be conducted, and he shall approve
of it. It will then be substantially the same
thing as if he was now in advance recommend-
ing to us an appropriation to carry out a plan
of improvement which had met his approba-
tion. It appears to me, therefore, that the
objection, if my friend from Vermont will per-
mit me to say so, is an objection which we
lawyers are often in the habit of making,
rather technical than substantial, rather formal
than anything else. As I certainly would vote
the appropriation, if the Secretary recom-
mended it upon an examination made by com-
petent men, I shall with the same pleasure
rote for this amendment, because I look upon
the appropriation as made virtually upon the
strength of such a report.
And I need not say, Mr. President, that it
is all important to the country at large, not to
Iowa, not to the States bordering on the Mis-
sissippi, but to the country at large, that the
navigation of the western waters should be
made as good as it can be made. Nature has
placed them there in a condition in which they
cannot be at all times used; but she has put
it into our power to assist her, if I may be per-
mitted to use the expression, so as to make
them navigable at almost all periods of the
year; and one of the means by which we are
to be united still more strongly together than
we would otherwise be, is to improve existing
communications for trade and to create those
that mav not be existing.
Mr. MORRILL. If this were a question,
as would seem to be implied in the remarks of
the honorable Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Henderson,] of the amount that should be
appropriated to remove obstructions in the
great river to which he refers, I should not feel
that I had occasion to say a word ; but as there
seems to be an implication in the .remarks of
the honorable Senator that a want of liberality
may have influenced the members of the Com-
mittee on Commerce in regard to this appro-
priation, I feel obliged, as a member of the
committee, to say a word to disabuse the minds
of Senators of any possible misconception on
that subject.
If my honorable friend will look at this
appropriation bill he will see that here is ap-
propriated about five million dollars for the
improvement of the rivers and harbors of the
United States. If he will glance his eye at
this bill he will see that of that $5,000,000 not
over 3250,000,1 think, is appropriated east of
the Alleghany mountains, so that it is an appro-
priation for the rivers and harbors of the West;
and if you will look to the construction of the
committee you will see that by no possibility
could sueh a bill as that be at this time re-
ported unanimously from the Committee on
Commerce if there were any idea of illiberality
atall entering into the motives which influenced
that committee.
Sir, I trust I have got by that altogether.
If I ft-lt that it was possible that I should be
liable to be influenced or swayed by such a
consideration as that, that I should guide my
judgment upon a question of where within
the limits of this Republic an appropriation
was to be expended, I would not sit on a com-
mittee, nor would I vote upon an appropria-
tion. nor would I suffer myself to retain a seat
upon this floor. Nor do I really think the
honorable Senator believes that any of us is
actuated by any such motive ; and therefore I
may be permitted to say that all such consid-
erations entering into the argument have noth-
ing to do with the merits of the case. They
may do well enough to hector my friend from
Vermont, who is perhaps a little sharp in mak-
ing an amendment, but I insist upon it that
they have nothing to do with the merits of this
case.
During the few years I have been in the Sen- '
ate I have been so much in the habit of voting
appropriations that 1 do not know that I t-hould
hesitate at anything that had the slightest
foundation in it as an appropriation for almost
any section of the country. I have voted
appropriations here to all sorts of enterprises
in the last six years, and almost entirely con-
fined to that region of the country. I do not
complain of it. I am proud of it, glad of it,
and I see in it the prosperity of the whole
country. In that prosperity my region of the
country advances of course. I account for it ,
in no spirit of illiberality and in no spirit of
frasping on the part of the western people.
heirs is a new country just being developed;
the course of empire is that way; and there-
fore appropriations are naturally wanted there.
The untold millions of acres of land that my
vote has invariably been given for in all those
appropriations in that direction, if they were
told, would swell the aggregate to a very great
amount. My honorable friend who sits before
me [Mr. Bkown] has had an appropriation for
a land-grant railroad, in which the alternate
sections are taken to the corporators; I do not
know what portions of Missouri or the entire
West it covers, but it is very great. I do not
mention it to complain of it. I am proud of
it, glad of it; I have invariably voted for it;
but I insist upon it that when an appropri-
ation is to be made there is not to be substi-
tuted for argument any appeal or anything
like a statement that we are to vote upon the
idea that "this is for the West and you must
not open your mouths upon the subject." I J
do not like that. That is not an argument; j
that is a sort of menace which ought not to be j
indulged in. !
I have no objection to the appropriation of i
$1,000,000 for the purpose wanted here; I
would vote $5,000,000 to-day if it were neces-
sary for that purpose; nor have I an under-
estimate of the importance of the great river,
the "Father of Waters." That is not the
difficulty. No such consideration at all en-
tered into the consideration of the commit-
tee. They were governed by considerations
of altogether a different character. Let me
state the precise point. Here we found in this
bill an appropriation of $1,000,000 for the
improvement of navigation on the Mississippi
river at the Des Moines rapids. This same
committee recollected that last year we appro-
priated $200,000 for the improvement of the
Mississippi river at the Des Moines rapids.
Why this change of phraseology ? It implies
a change in the nature of the improvement,
does it not? Certainly. The next inquiry was,
who authorized this change in the improve-
ment? The history of appropriations shows
that since 1854 we have been attempting to
improve this part of the rapids under the direc-
tion of the War Department on a plan which
was to blast the rocks from the bed of the river.
That is the approved system and the approved
plan on which all these appropriations have
been made. The Committee on Commerce,
being charged with the duty of examining and
recommending these appropriations, said at
onee, "Who has changed this plan, which has
been in vogue for the last twelve years, or
recommends it?" Upon examining that ques-
tion we find that nobody has recommended it;
that there is no recommendation; that is to
say, there is no recommendation which the
Committee on Commerce are authorized to say
to the Senate amounts to a recommendation.
This, then, is an appropriation of $1,000,000
to go into an improvement which has not been
authorized, which has not been recommended,
and which of itself is a departure from that
well-approved plan upon which the Govern-
ment has been acting for the last twelve years.
That is exactly the ground upon which the
committee declined to recommend this appro-
priation.
It will be seen by the report to which refer-
ence has been made that the War Department
instructed the engineer in charge of tiie work
on the Mississippi river to make an examina-
tion of the Des Moines rapids with reference
to their improvement. It will be seen that the
young officer who has been engaged in that
work—and I take no exception on account of
his youth or inexperience, for if the War De-
partment saw fit to detail him 1 think the pre-
sumption is that he was competent to his work—
recommends a change in the plan of the im-
provement of the rapids at this particular point
on the Mississippi river. Very well. Is it
right or is it wrong? If it is right, I am ready
to vote the million of money; but who says it
is right? My honorable friend from Missouri
[Mr. Henderson] does not say that. If he
will stand up here and in the fervor and zeal
with which he goes into this, say " this is right,
and I recommend the Senate of the United
States to vote for it on the ground that the
thing is practicable and feasible and is proper
to be done," that is one thing. Then you begin
to touch bottom; then you find a basis on which
votes can be predicated. But does he say that?
Not at all. He argues that the Mississippi river
is a vast river; the commerce of the river is
very great; you do not comprehend it. That
is not necessary. That does not touch the
point; that is not an argument resting on the
point. The question is, How shall the Missis-
sippi river be improved? Shall it be on the
approved plan on which we have been acting
for the last ten or twelve years, that is, by deep-
ening the channel, or will you depart from
the channel of the river and make an artificial
channel? That is not a settled question ; that
is an open question, and I do not understand
the honorable Senator from Missouri to touch
it or pretend to argue it; nor do I understand
that lie has a definite opinion whether that
thing is practicable or not.
Mr. HENDERSON. It will be fixed under
this amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I shall come to that in a mo-
ment. Then we are to appropriate $1,000,000,
upon what? Upon a plan on which the Gov-
ernment has not seen tit yet to enter. That is
the reason the committee declined to recom-
mend it.
Now, sir, what ought to be done? Wait. I
submit, if we act in harmony with all the pre-
cedents, if we act in harmony with the ordinary
usage on this subject, we must wait until the
Government do recommend it, until it is
examined by the engineer department and is
recommended, and the plans and estimates are
submitted. We have a right before we enter
upon a scheme involving millions, as this does,
to act with reference to the recommendations
of the Government and the plans and specifi-
cations which are presented. It is said that
the chief engineer has approved this new plan.
I do not so understand. In a communication
to the House of Representatives, under date of
February 5, tie says :
"Detailed maps, plans, and specifications will ba
forwarded as soon as the other importantdutiea with
which Ueneral Wilson is charged will permit."
I am not going to detain the Senate by an
argument upon this point. What I mean to
say is, that the Committee on Commerce did
hesitate to recommend the appropriation of
$1,000,000, not because they were not willing
to improve the rapids, not because they grudged
the appropriation or were illiberal, but because,
acting on the precedents, they saw no reason
to change the plan for the improvement of that
river until the new plan had been submitted to
the proper authorities and those authorities
had recommended it, and then, in view of those
recommendations, the committee might recom-
mend it to the Senate, and the Senate, in view
of the plans, specifications, and recommenda-
tions, might act intelligently.
With these views, I shall not vote to reduce
the sum to $500,000. If the Senate say that
the work shall go forward on this plan, which
they have not seen, and which they cannot
know the details of, then I agree that the sug-
gestion of the Senater from Missouri nearest
