1150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11.
here knows what these salaries are, and until
we are informed we canrfbt vote tmderstand-
ingly upon it. So far as the workmen are
concerned their pay is not fixed by law, and
it fluctuates according to the value of labor in
the market. It is .precisely so with those who
are employed at the navy-yard. Their pay is
not fixed by law. It is one price one year, or
one season of one year, and another price at
another. The law as now established is that
the pay at each of the navy-yards shall be that
which is paid for a corresponding species of
work in adjacent ship-yards, and it goes up or
dowr^ceordiug as other labor falls or rises.
I suj^Bse that the same is the case with regard
to the arsenal. But I agree with the Senator
from Indiana, that if we want to pass any bill
at all on this subject we have got to cease
loading this measure down with amendments
to include evetfrbody in the city of Washington.
Mr. RAMSEY. I regret that after I had the
consent of the member of the Committee on
Finance who has this resolution in charge, the
Senator from Iowa should have felt it his duty
to oppose so reasonable an amendment as this.
If there are no clerks receiving regular annual'
salaries in the arsenal, then of course no one
will be benefited by this amendment. If there
are clerks there, all those receiving over three
thousand five hundred dollars a year cannot
participate in it; but if you say that $2,000 or
$2,500, the wages of a clerk in any Department
is not enough, and you propose to give him
twenty per cent, and I agree that you should,
what possible objection can there be that he
does that service in the arsenal rather than in
the navy-yard or in the Treasury Department
or elsewhere ? I suppose the theory of this
resolution is that the compensation of the Gov-
ernment clerks in the city of Washington,
owing to the increased price of living, is not
sufficient; and certainly that reason applies as
well to the clerks who may be employed in the
artenal as to any clerks employed in any other
branch of the Government service in Wash-
ington.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not aware that this
resolution is to be actcd upon and passed
solely upon the recommendation of the Com-
mittee on Finance or of any member of it; nor
do I suppose we can throw off from our shoul-
ders our share of the responsibility of either
passing it or rejecting it. When the Senator
shows to us that there are clerks in the arsenal,
and that their salaries are too low,' it will be
time enough to increase them. He has failed
to show us that. It seems to me that the
whole ease is embraced in a nut-shell. When-
ever we are convinced that the salaries are too
low I am ready to vote for an increase, but we
may place ourselves in the anomalous position
of giving greater pay to the clerks of the
arsenal than is now enjoyed under the law by
those who are their superiors in rank and who
have the control of them. We do not know
that. But in regard to the clerks in the De-
partments we know what their compensation
is, for we have fixed it by law, and there is no
possibility for it to be raised unless it be by
such action as the Senator from Oregon pro-
poses. But can the Senator from Minnesota
tell me that it is not within the power of the
Secretary of War to increase the compensa-
tion of these clerks at the arsenal? Accord-
ing to my recollection of it the pay of each of
those clerks is fixed by the Secretary of War,
as it is in all the arsenals and armories in the
country, and there is no legislation confining
him to any particular sum,
Mr. HAMSEY rose.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let us have a vote.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well; I do not wish
to protract the debate further. If all salaries
under $3,500 be too little in the other Depart-
ments they must for the same reason be too
little in the arsenal.
Mr. WADE. I hope this amendment will
prevail, and I hope, too, that it will be extended
to all the laborers of the arsenal as well as of
the navy-yard. I have prepared an amend-
ment for the navy-yard. The real hard labor-
ers in these two places are not likely to be ben-
efited by the passage of this resolution unless
we amend it; and I cannot understand the
reason that induces a man to go for increasing
those who have large salaries there and entirely
overlook the hard, hand-laborer that certainly
does as much work and is as much entitled to
compensation as anybody and always gets less
for it than anybody else. Their ca.se is entirely
overlooked through the whole of this resolution.
We are told by the Senator from Iowa that
their compensation is uncertain, and depends,
as he thinks, upon the will of the head of the
Department; inthearsenal, ofthe War Depart-
ment ; in the navy-yard, of the Navy Depart-
ment. That may be so ; but why can we not
act when they appeal to us, and when we know
about what they get, for I am informed by those
well acquainted with the business of the navy-
yard that their wages are from two and a half
to three dollars per day ; and they work from
morning till night, hard, fatiguing labor; and
they find it exceedingly difficult to maintain
themselves and families upon this pay. I say
again I do not understand how it is that while
we are providing for those who certainly are
better off than these laborers we overlook them
entirely and do not attempt to do anything for
their benefit.
I know we are told that if we do this we
must extend it to every navy-yard in the Uni-
ted States. I do not know but that we ought
to do so. They have not applied to us, how-
ever, and I do not know that living and ex-
penses are as burdensome in other places q.s
they are here. But here we have the strong-
est appeals made constantly to us to the effect
that they are unable to educate and clothe and
feed their families on the wages we give them.
While such a fact as that is staring me in the
face I can hardly turn my back upon them
and say we will not consider their case at all.
I think we ought to extend this relief to them.
Of course, under this resolution, the amount
will be very little to the Government. Twenty
per cent, on so small an amount as they earn
now will be but a very small sum anyhow, but
these poor men are accustomed to have but
small amounts, and a very small sum to them
appears to do them as much good and will go
as far as a large amount to those who are re-
ceiving higher salaries. It will not be difficult
to calculate this increase on their pay. We
know very well.what they are paid now, and
it would be very easy to add twenty per cent,
to the small earnings they have, and it would
be of great benefit to them. Although a man
receiving a large salary would not estimate it
as worth much, yet to these poor men who are
accustomed to economize everything and make
everything they do receive go as far as it can,
it will be a great benefit.
I hope, sir, that we shall extend this relief,
not only to the employes of the arsenal, but
also to those ofthe navy-yard. I have received
a great number of communications from both
places begging that we will not overlook then-
cases, and I cannot have the heart to do it.
Therefore I was about to move an amendment
to the resolution, in line eighteen, by inserting
after the word "meters" the words "and also
to the laborers and employes of the Washing-
ton navy-yard." I repeat again, it is not a
great sum to come out of the Government, and
it will do these people a great deal of good. I
hope we shall grant it to them.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope Senators will
confine their discussions to the questions be-
fore the Senate; otherwise we shall not be
enabled to proceed with the business. The
question now before the Senate is as to whether
the clerks in the office of the arsenal shall re-
ceive the same compensation as the clerks in
the other Departments named in this resolu-
•tion. I am not advised as to whether or not
there js an office in the arsenal to which the
amendment would apply; but if there is such
an office the clerks of that office of course are
paid like other clerks, and they ought to re-
ceive the twenty per cent. But whether the
II workmen and laborers in the navy-yard shall
be paid twenty per cent, upon their wages is
another-and a different question. I hope the
Senate will vote upon this proposition, and
then if the Senator from Ohio offers his amend-
ment it will be time enough to consider it.
Mr. POMEROY. In reply to the Senator
from Oregon, I will say that I do not under-
stand the question to be whether the clerks in
the arsenal shall have the same compensation
as the clerks in the Departments, but it is
whether they shall have the same increase of
compensation. I do not know for my own
p^rt what their compensation is, or whether it
is established by law at all. I suppose that- it
is not established by law but by regulation of
the Department. I am satisfied at any rate
that if we intend to increase the compensation
of those whose salaries are established by law
there is no better way of defeating it than by
putting on everybody else.
While I have as profound a respect for the
laborer as the Senator from Ohio, having been
a laborer all my life, at the same time I under-
stand that his wages are paid under a regula-
tion of the Department, under a rate of wages
that may be raised or lowered from month to
month. There is nothing binding in law about
it. If they are not paid sufficient then it is the
duty of the person employing them to pay them
more, and he has a right to do it under exist-
ing law, and it requires no legislation. But
the salaries of these laborers in the Depart-
ments who expect help by the measure now
before the Senate are fixed. The heads
of the Departments cannot raise them if they
would ; and that is the reason why this reso-
lution especially commends itself to us in legis-
lating upon the question.
For my own part, I think that we should
make a regular increase of compensation
rather than leave compensation to be dis-
tributed according to the discretion of any
cxccutive officer. Some clerks have left the
Departments during the past year from the
highest motives, and they will not be compen-
sated if this resolution is passed. It is only
those more subservient men who have stayed
there during the year and are. now in the De-
partments who will be benefited by this reso-
lution. During last summer and autumn there
were very many who left the Departments.
Some perhaps were turned out; others left
because there were some things required of
them that were distasteful, or because their
salaries were inadequate. Some very good
reasons I have no doubt compelled them to
leave; and yet this resolution goes back over
the ground and pays those who stayed in; it
does not propose to pay a cent to those who
16ft, even though they labored through the
same portion of the. year that this resolution
contemplates granting increased pay for.
That is one objection I have to the manner
of compensation proposed by this resolution.
If it could be made prospective entirely, look-
ing forward and not back, this objection
would be obviated; but to pay for a portion
of the year when a number of the clerks, and
some of the very best clerks, too, left the ser-
vice from the best of motives, and cannot reap
the benefit of it, is only paying a sort of a "pre-
mium for those who stayed. I do not object
to paying this increase, because I think the
salaries are too small to those who stayed ; but
the remedy will not be entirely perfect if it
leaves out those who were obliged to leave,
and who served some of them many months
during the same period for which we propose
to pay extra compensation.
I shall vote for the measure generally; but I
have no idea that it can be passed if we encum-
ber it with every laborer in Washington in the
Government employ. If we do that we must
extend k to the laborers outside of Washington
who are in Government employ; for those in
Washington, in the navy-yard or in the arsenal,
have no greater claims upon us than the labor-
ers whom we employ in other parts of the
country. They are just as poorly paid in New
York and New England, just as poorly paid in
the West, and perhaps more so, than they are
