1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1151
here. If this resolution is encumbered by sucli
amendments it will never be passed. _ If it can
be confined strictly to those who are in service
in these Departments perhaps it can; I think
it can. At any rate I shall vote for it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to ask the
Senator from Kansas one question. This
amendment involves'the clerks in the arsenal.
I. desire to ask him where is the distinction
between the clerks in the arsenal and the clerks
in the other Departments of the Government?
I cannot understand why they should not have
the same pay.
Mr. POMEEOY. I reply, as it has been
measurably answered already, that the salaries
of the clerks in the other Departments of the
Government are fixed by law, and cannot be
increased without law. The compensation of
the clerks in the arsenals- and those employed
at various posts about the country is not fixed
by law, but can be increased by the person
employing them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is upon the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Minnesota to the amendment of
the Senator from Oregon.
The question being put; there were, on a
division—ayes 12, noes !); no quorum voting.
Mr. BUCKALEW called for tlieyeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 8 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cragin, Davis, Fogg, Foster. Fow-
ler, Howard, Kirkwood, Lane, McDougall, Monill,
Norton, Patterson, Poland, Ramsey, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Wade, Williams, Wilson, and Yatos—20.
NAYS —Messrs. Buckalew, Fessenden, Grimes,
Henderson, Hendricks, Morgan, Pomeroy, and Wil-
l0yABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cattell,
Chandler, Conness, Cowan, Crcswoll, Dixon, Doo-
little, Edmunds, Frelinghuyscn, Guthrie, Harris,
Howo, Johnson, Nesraith, Ny.e, Kiddle, Boss, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, and Sumner—24.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting in line seven, after
the word "watchmen," the words ''including
enlisted men detailed as such." I make this
motion because the amendment was intended
in that respect to correspond with the resolu-
tion as it passed the House. It is my opinion
that the words now employed in the amend-
ment would include such persons, but a doubt
has been expressed as to whether enlisted men
who have been detailed to perform the duties
of elerks and messengers and watchmen in
these different Departments would be included
unless express language be employed for that
purpose. I therefore move this amendment,
not to add anything to the resolution, but to
remove all doubt as to its meaning and effect.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask the Senator
from Oregon, who has the care of this resolu-
tion, if he means to give the soldier who is
detailed as a clerk this twenty per cent, upon
his pay proper and also his l-ations and quar-
ters? This ought to be so in order to put him
on the same looting with other clerks. His
pay is now made up of three items : pay proper,
rations, and quarters. You ought to provide
in this amendment that he shall receive twenty
per cent, upon his entire pay in order to put
him on the same footing with the others. If
that is the understanding, I do not know that
it need go any further.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That would be my un-
derstanding of the effect of the amendment if
' it is made.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. If there is any doubt
of that being the correct understanding, it
should be made clear. There are enlisted
men in the War Department and perhaps in
other Departments—I do not know about
that—who are doing the entire duty that clerks
are doing in their Departments, for which they
are receiving $1,200 and SI,400, while those
enlisted men receive only from $900 to §1,000.
They are almost all wounded soldiers; and if
any men should receive an increase of com-
pensation they should, and if there is any
doubt as to the meaniug of the amendment
it should be inado clear.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think there is no doubt
whatever about it, because the amendment is
made at the suggestion and in accordance with
the wishes of these men, and the language is
the language which they desire to have em-
ployed. They understand what their interests
are in that respect, and will be satisfied with
this amendment and this phraseology.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest the addition of a
few words, which the Clerk will read. If the
Senator is not satisfied to accept the modifica-
tion I will not press it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts suggests the following
alteration. It will not be admissible to receive
it as an amendment, because the pending
amendment is already in the second degree.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Clerk to read it,
and if the Senator is satisfied with it he can
accept it, and if be is not I will not press it.
The Secretary read the words proposed, as
follows: "to be computed upon the gross
amount of compensation received by them
so as to make the clause read:
To civil officers, temporary, and all other elerks,
messengers, and watchmen, including enlisted men
detailed as such, to be computed upon tho gross
amount of tho compensation received by them.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no objection to
that that I know of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Docs the
Senator accept it as a modification of his
amendment to the amendment?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir.
The amendment to the amendment, as modi-
fied, was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Oregon why the offices of
the Surgeon General and Commissary General
are not as well included in this resolution as
the offices of the Quartermaster General and
Paymaster General? There are clerks in the
Surgeon General's office. It seems to mo, if
you include the clerks in the Bureau of Refu-
gees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands, the
Commissary General of Prisoners, the Paymas-
ter General, and the Coast Survey, you ought
also to include the clerks in the oiliees of the
Surgeon General and the Commissary Gen-
eral.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose the language
employed in this resolution will include those
offices. It would be my opinion that it would
include the Commissary General without any
specification, because it provides for compen-
sation to civil officers and temporary and all
other clerks and employes, male and female,
in the Department of War, or in any bureau
or division thereof. I suppose this language
is the same language that was employed in the
resolution as it passed tho House. The words
" Commissary General of Prisoners" are in-
serted here I suppose to remove all doubt. I
am not very well advised as to the manner in
which the War Department is constructed, but
I suppose there was some doubt as to whether
the office of the Commissary General of Pris-
oners is a bureau or a division of the War De-
partment, and so it was included specifically.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there any doubt about
the offices of the Paymaster General and Quar-
termaster General being branches of the War
Department? Why ai-e they mentioned? Does
not the very fact of particularizing the offices
of the Quartermaster General and the Paymas-
ter General make it necessary to particularize
tne others, upon the familiar principle that
where you specify certain things in a law you
exclude the others that are not specified? If
these specifications were all left out and the
resolution was left to stand upon the general
language in the first part of it, it might embrace
them all; but when you proceed to specify and
specify the Quartermaster General's office and
do not specify the Commissary General's office,
it would seem to me that the legal construc-
tion—I submit that to the Senator from Ore-
gon—would be, that the Commissary General's
office would not be embraced.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state to the Senator
that the intention is not to specify the Quarter-
master General's office. That is a misprint.
The original was " quartermasters," and was
so intended to be, and the word "general"
should be stricken out and the letter " s" added
to "quartermaster" so as to read "quarter-
masters" and not " quartermaster general."
Mr. GRIMES. So as to include quarter-
masters' clerks?
Mr. WILLIAMS._ Yes, sir. I will state
that this resolution is intended to provide for
the clerks and employfis in every bureau or
division of the War Department, and then it
proceeds to specify certain offices connected
with its different departments, about which
some doubts would seem to exist in the mmds
of some persons. If the Senator was aware of
the constaut applications that have been made
here, and the suggestions that have been offered,
as to whether this resolution did or did not
apply to certain offices, he would see the ne-
cessity of these specifications. After providing
for every bureau or division in any of the
Departments it proceeds to say, "and in the
offices of the Coast Survey, Naval Observatory,
navy-yard, Paymaster General, including the
division of referred claims."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why "Paymaster Gen-
eral ?"
Mr. WILLIAMS. The word "Paymaster
General" was introduced there to embrace the
division of referred claims, about which there
would seem to be some doubt. I did not frame
this part of the resolution. It is copied from
what was agreed to by tho House. I suppose
the word "Paymaster General" was inserted
for the purpose of including the division of
referred claims, because there was some doubt
as to whether or not that was a division of the
War Department; and it also proceeds to in-
clude the Commissary General of Prisoners,
the Bureau of Freedmen, Refugees, and Aban-
doned Lands, the quartermasters, the Capitol
and Treasury extension, &c. I am very clear
that these specifications, in tho way they stand
here, would not necessarily exclude any other
bureau or division of the War Department. No
such construction could be put upon this lan-
guage, because it would not be a reasonable
construction. These different offices that are
specified here arc such as perhaps do not reg-
ularly fall within these different Departments.
There can bo no doubt, as it seems to me, that
the general language is sufficient to embrace
every division and bureau of the War Depart-
ment.
Now, I will say as to the quartermasters,
that the business of the Quartermaster Gene-
ral's department, as I a'm advised, is to some
extent divided among the quartermasters
located here in Washington, and these quarter-
masters employ clerks who are engaged in
performing the precise duties that the clerks
in the Quartermaster General's office perform.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to suggest that
there are paymasters and commissaries in the
city of Washington who have clerks performing
these precise duties, who are not in the Pay-
master General's or the Commissary General's
office, just as there are quartermasters hero
with their clerks. If it is necessary to put in
the word "quartermasters" to include the
quartermasters' clerks, manifestly it is neces-
sary to put in "paymasters" and "commissa-
ries" in order to include their clerks, if it is
intended to include them.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no evidence that
such is the fact.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know thare are pay-
masters here.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 know there are pay-
masters in tho city, and no doubt those pay-
masters have clerks ; but are they performing
duties that pertain to the office of Paymaster
General ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Just as much as the
quartermasters here perform duties pertaining-
to the office of the Quartermaster General.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not think the hon-
orable Senator knows that to be the fact. I
presume if that was the fact, these clerks would
have made application for the benefits of this
