1867.
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
such appointments as are to bs made only by
their consent.
But upon the question of the power of re-
moving officers different considerations go vera
me. I believe it was at the first session of the
First Congress—certainly at the time when the
Treasury Department and the §tate Depart-
ment were organized—that it became a subject
of controversy iff both branches of Congress
whether the President had a right to remove
without first consulting the Senate. A great
many of the best men of that day thought that
he had not; a great many of the lights that have
adorned this Chamber since then thought that
he had not the power; but from the time it was
settled by a majority of one, I believe, that
majority being the casting vote of the Vice
President, up to the present time, it has not
been seriously questioned that the President
has the right to remove under the Constitution.
Mr. Webster discussed the question during the
presidency of General Jackson with the ability
which marked all his efforts on this floor or
anywhere else ; tot he offered no remedy ; and
every President from the ti me of General Wash-
ington up to the present time has exercised
the power as one in his judgment clearly vested
in him. I think he has the power.
But Mr. Madison, in the debate when the
question was originally settled to which I have
referred, stated, and I think stated very prop-
erly, that that power to remove, which he
held to be a clear power, might be so abused as
to furnish a just cause for impeaching the Pres-
ident ; but in after times a removal for such
a purpose as Mr. Madison intimated would
be a just ground for an impeachment was
held to be no ground for impeachment at all,
or not ground of censure. The most strik-
ing cases that have occurred during our exist-
ence as a nation were those that occurred,
or one particularly which occurred during
the presidency of General Jackson. The
Senator will remember that under the char-
ter of the Bank of the United Slates the pub-
lic moneys of the United States were to
remain on deposit with that institution unless
they were removed by the Secretary of the
Treasury. I thought then, and think now,
that it was the purpose of Congress in passing
that charter to take from the President the
power in that case to interfere with the duty
which the section imposed upon the Secretary
of the Treasury; but the President decided
otherwise, and he actually removed the incum-
bent. The Senate will see that that ease pre-
sented the strongest one that can be imagined
upon which to bring before Congress and bring
before the courts of the country the question
of the President's power to remove. The bank
had an interest so deep that her safety de-
pended upon the reversal of that authority.
The public moneys being withdrawn from her
vaults, the credit of the institution almost at
once fell, or everybody saw that it must fall
in a very short time, as in the end it did.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator will allow me to
ask for information. Did not the Senate con-
cur in that change ?
Mr. JOHNSON. No, sir; or rather con-
curred in the way I am about to state. The
bank therefore had a remedy, a clear remedy,
provided she had a case, and she had a clear
case, if the President had no authority to
force a removal of the deposits by the Sec-
retary. She might have refused to pay over
the deposits, and that would have brought
the question immediately before the tribunals.
There was no military law in force then, and
the only way in which the moneys could have
been recovered from the bank by the Govern-
ment would have been by a suit, and if there
was under the charter a contract between the
bank and the Government which entitled the
bank to hold on to the deposits until they were
removed under the authority conferred upon
the Secretary of the Treasury, it would have
been a complete defense to the removal which
was actually ordered, provided it was true,
and had been so adjudged, that the President
had no control over the deposits; but the
bank acquiesced, and I have eveiy reason to
believe that they took counsel of the ablest
lawyers in the country.
The President removed the Secretary of the
Treasury during the recess, and he appointed
his then Attorney General. It is due to the
memory of that officer, who afterward became,
as we know, the Chief Justice of the United
States, to say—and what I am about to state I
state from personal knowledge—that he agreed
to accept the appointment of Secretary of the
Treasury upon General Jackson's appeal,
founded upon the fact, which must have had
very persuasive, and had not only persuasive
but controlling operation upon the mind of the
then Attorney General, that in ordering the
deposits to be removed the President had the
advice of the Attorney General as to the ques-
tion of power, and having acted under the
opinion of his law officer, and having some dif-
ficulty in finding any successor to Mr. Duane
upon whom he could rely to accomplish the
object that he had so much at heart—the re-
moval of the deposits and the death of the
bank, which he anticipated correctly would be
the result of that removal—he appealed to the
Attorney General to take the situation, and he
took it and ordered the removal of the depos-
its. He was nominated to the Senate and re-
jected ; and if I had been in the Senate I should
have voted to reject him, not upon the ground
of any incapacity of that gentleman to fill the
office, but upon the ground that, according to
the opinion I held at that time and still hold,
the President of the United States was guilty
in that instance of a usurpation, of a violation
of what I believed to be a contract between the
Government and the bank in ordering himself
his Secretary of the Treasury to remove the
deposits, and having removed him because he
failed to comply with the order, appointing any
one to carry that out, or to act upon his own
opinion of the propriety of that removal.
It is due also to the Secretary to say—I mean
him who became the successor of Mr. Duane—
that he was satisfied at the time that the deposits
in the Bank of the United States were in great
danger. Whether he was right in that appre-
hension or not it is immaterial to inquire.
Apparently, ostensibly what occurred after-
ward would show that he was right, because
the bank became hopelessly insolvent. Whether
she would have been insolvent and the deposits
have been in any danger or have been lost if
they had not been removed, is a question about
which there may be difference of opinion.
But notwithstanding that very strong case,
and I cannot imagine a stronger one, every
Senator who spoke upon the nominations of
the successor of Mr. Duane did not place the
rejection of that successor upon the ground
that Duane was still the Secretary of the Treas-
ury; they all conceded that he was out; they
acted in rejecting Mr. Taney upon the ground
that in their opinion it was exceedingly improper
in him to take the place for the purpose of
carrying out what they believed to be the
improper action of the President.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator indulge me
in another inquiry ? I ask if the statute creat-
ing the office of Secretary of the Treasury does
not make the term dependent upon the pleasure
of the President.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is so; but if my
friend will turn to the debates—I have not
seen them recently, but I am sure I recollect
the substance of them—he will find that it was
said in a report made by Mr. McDuffie in the
other House, and I think in a speech made by
Mr. Adams, and in several ot the speeches
made upon the floor of the Senate upon the
question, that, notwithstanding that the char-
ter of the bank constituted the Secretary of
the Treasury the agent of Congress, and took
him therefore out of the removing power of
the President, that Congress had the author-
ity to place the public funds wherever they
thought proper, and in the exercise of that
admitted power they had placed the funds in
the hands of the Bank of the United States,
and had, with aviewtoseeurothemselvesagainst
loss, authorized the Secretary of the Treasury
as their officer, not the officer of the President,
if he should discover at any time that there
was any danger of the Government losing the
deposits to remove them. The ground as-
sumed by the President and admitted by the
bank, as is evinced by their not contesting it,
is the one stated by my friend from Maine, that
the President's duty by the very words of tie
Constitution is to see that the laws are Mth-
fully executed, and as the charter was a law
and that law made it the duty of the Secretary
of the Treasury to take the money from the
Bank of the -United States when it was in
danger, if the President thought it was in
danger, if he thought the public interest might
suffer, then under the President's power to
have the laws executed it was his duty to direct
the Secretary to remove them, and the Secre-
tary failing to do so, to remove him; and he
pursued that course.
I think, as I have more than once said, I
thought then that the President had no au-
thority whatever over the subject, and that the
ground assumed by McDuffie and others, and
particularly in the debate in the Senate, was
the sound one, that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury was selected merely by virtue of his office
as the most convenient and reliable person that
Congress could select to watch over the funds
of the Government, so as to see that at no time
they should be endangered by the misconduct
of the bank. Mr. Taney was rejected by the
Senate, and somebody else, I forget who, ap-
pointed.
Prom that time until the last session the
authority of the President to remove has never
been questioned. The abuse of that authority
is an entirely distinct question. The President
is not above Congress or above the people dur-
ing his continuance in office. He is as liable
to impeachment as any other officer. The
only limitation upon the power of impeach-
ment is, that he snail be impeached only for
high crimes and misdemeanors. If he com-
mits a high crime or a misdemeanor in the sense
in which those terms are used in the Constitu-
tion, the other branch of Congress may bring
his case before the Senate in form of an im-
peachment, and this body has to act upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is not" misdemeanor"
qualified by the word "high?"
Mr. JOHNSON. Of course, high crimes
and high misdemeanors. I do not speak, I
certainly have no desire to speak, of what we
understand has in part commenced, because a
contingency may happen when we are all to
stand in the relation to this subject in the atti-
tude of judges. I have no opinion, therefore,
to express in advance. It would, in my judg-
ment, be improper, as we are now situated in
relation to the President, to express any opin-
ion in advance. But that he is liable to con-
trol, under the authority conferred upon Con-
gress to impeach, there can be no doubt. The
question whether he has the power which ho
exercises in relation to removals from office,
or the power which he exercises in relation to
the reappointment of officers who have been
rejected by the Senate, is one question. Whether
he abuses either power is quite another ques-
tion. And the question whether that abuse, if
it be an abuse, is a high crime or a high mis-
demeanor, is another question also, upon which
sooner or later perhaps, if we are to be visited
by such an affliction, the Senate may have to
pass.
What I said to my friend from Maine at the
former session and what I admitted to-day
that in my judgment the President does go be-
yond the power conferred upon him when ha
reappoints a party whose nomination has been
presented to the Senate and rejected, provided
the case stands there and stands there alone.
If he thinks proper to reappoint such a person,
I think it is his duty to inform the Senate, when
he sends that nominee in a second time for
approval, what were the peculiar circumstances
which caused him to disregard the opinion of
the Senate. Any newly-discovered facts, any
evidence which he supposes would operate upon
