im
TSB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
resolution; but no su.clx application has been
made from any of the officers referred to by the
honorable Senator. Application has, however,
been made by the clerks in the offices of the
quartermasters in the city, because they were
performing duties that ought to have been per-
formed in the Quartermaster General's Depart-
ment, but the business that belongs to that
department has been distributed among the
different quartermasters in the city, so that
their clerks are performing the identical duties
that the clerks in the Quartermaster General's
Department perform, and are therefore entitled
to the same pay. Such were the representa-
tions that wore made, and their statements
were credited, and on that ground they were
embraced within the provisions of this resolu-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Oregon moves to amend the amend-
ment by striking out in line sixteen the word
"General," and adding the letter "s" to the
preceding word "quartermaster," so as to
make it "quartermasters." ,
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After the word "build-
ings" in line eighteen I move to insert "to
the photographer and assistant photographer
of the Treasury Department." These are two
men whose salaries are not fixed by law, but
who are very deserving. They are civil offi-
cers and regularly employed there.
Hie amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word "office" in line seventeen
  the words "and tho custom-house and city post
office at Georgetown." The duties of these offi-
cers arc certainly on a par with those provided
for in the resolution ; they are as essentially
under our care as those in this city; they are
as deserving. Their expenses of living are as
high as those of employes in this city. They
are as essentially officers of the Government as
the employes in the city post office in this city.
I can see no reason why the discrimination
should bo made.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Maine [Mr. Mou-
lin, l] will not bo adopted. Application was
made by these persons to tho Committee on
I'tnance, and we took into consideration their
claims ; and the opinion of the committee was
that it was necessary that the effect of this res-
olution should be confined to the city of Wash-
ington. If we undertake to go beyond Wash-
ington and include Georgetown the argument
on which you extend the resolution to George-
town will make you extend it to other places
and cities outside oi this District. There must
necessarily be some limit to tho operation of
this resolution.
^ It is proposed by this resolution" simply to
increase the compensation of the clerks and
employes in the different Departments in Wash-
ington, and the argument upon which it pro-
ceeds is that the expenses of living in Wash-
ington have been greatly enhanced, and that to
enable tho clerks and employ6s in these Depart-
ments to obtain a respectable livelihood it is
necessary that they should have this increase
ot salary. The clerks in the custom-house and
post office at Georgetown receive eight or nine
hundred dollars per annum, 1 believe, and we
iS n10tbe®tl advised that their duties arc par-
?,r^u,ous> or that the amount which
-S not "S1 ^equate compensation
h B,ut the ehief objection to
this amendment is that it opens the door for
other amendments, anditis one step toward
loading down this resolution with amendments
that will effectuate its defeat. I hope "there-
fore, the amendment will not be adonted
Mr MORRILL I do not inteXtcupy
the attention of the Senate on this subject-
but it is clear to my mind that the honorable
Senator fails to raise a distinction between
employes of the Government in the city of
Washington and in the city of Georgetown. I
should like to know if the honorable Senator
means to say that Georgetown is not as much
a portion of the national capital as the city
of Washington? I should like to know whether
the- Committee on Finance desire to establish
an invidious discrimination among the em-
ploy6s of this Government against those who
■happen to live juat outside of the limits of
Washington? I maintain that an employ 6 of
the Government is as meritorious, and he
stands in precisely the same relations to the
Government of the United States in the city
post office in Georgetown as he does in the
city post office in Washington, and I might
argue, if I had the time, that he is a thousand-
fold more meritorious. Why, sir, hundreds
of thousands of dollars are expended here in this
city of Washington, and the residents of this
city are the recipients of it, to a single thou-
sand that is spent in Georgetown. I submit,
therefore, that on principle there is no ground
for the exclusion.
Mr. POMEROY. The resolution includes
employ6s of the navy-yard.
Mr. MORRILL. The navy-yard is within
the city limits of Washington, I believe, al-
though it is further off than Georgetown ; but
the idea of a distinction between the employes
of the Government in Washington and in
Georgetown is absurd in principle. Oil the
score of merit this application is a thousand-
fold stronger. We are told that eight or nine
hundred dollars a year is given to men who
toil from morning till night in the post office
and custom-house at Georgetown, and it is not
proposed to give them anything additional,
while you propose to raise young lads who are
performing the service required in the Depart-
ments here at $1,200. I submit, Mr. President,
that if the resolution is to pass at all there
should be a discrimination of this kind.
Mr. CONNBSS. I had supposed that the
basis of the application for an increase in Wash-
ington was because of excessive expenses here
and tho high cost of living. If Georgetown is
to be added I do not see why we may not add
all the towns west of the Rocky mountains,
where expenses exceed those in Georgetown.
The zeal on the part of the Senator from jlaine
in behalf of a part of the District that he so,
I was going to say, arbitrarily governs; but
that is not the word—undertakes to govern I
cannot understand unless he shall apply his
care and sympathy also in the direction I have
indicated, across the Rocky mountains. If the
Senator will only change his amendment so as
to give it that application I will vote with him.
And I think that by extending his amendment
perhaps all over the Union he may get a very
large vote in the Senate for it.
Mr. MORRILL. My honorable friend does
not show his usual astuteness. Ho fails to
See a distinction between the inhabitants of this
district, which is the capital of the nation, and
those that are entirely outside of the capital,
outside of our limits. Then, I hardly think it
is worth while for me to argue to the honorable
Senator. What I was saying is that this Dis-
trict, including Georgetown, is the capital of
the nation, and I insist upon it that Washing-
ton city is not the entire capital of the nation ;
and this is a resolution purporting to provide
additional compensation for the employes of
tho _ Government—where ? At the national
capital.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is its title ?
Mr. MORRILL. It has no title, I believe.
Yes, it is "A joint resolution giving additional
compensation to certain employes in the civil
service at Washington that is the title. Of
course they do not mean by "Washington"
this corporation, to the exclusion of the rest
of the national capital,
WILSON. How about the county of
Washington?
■Mr. MORRILL. They have not got any
officers there.'
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose that the
reason the clerks in the post offices were omit-
ted was because the Postmaster General fixes
salary. As I understand, he has a fund
tterius control, and he says what salary the
clerks shall receive and how many clerks there
shall be in a particular post office. I sup-
posed that applied to the post offices at Wash-
ington and Georgetown and elsewhere; there-
fore I thought it very strange that the clerks in
the city post office here should be provided for
when the entire relief is within the control of
the Postmaster General. 'He fixes their salary
arbitrarily, as I understand, and whether they
get more or less than clerks in the Depart-
ments for performing like duties I do not
know; it would depend on the discretion of
the-Postmaster General. All the post offices
ought to be included or else this one should be
stricken out.
Mr. FESSGNDEN. I have not myself been
able to see why the city post office was put in
at all, and precisely for the reason stated by
the Senator from Indiana. There is a fund
out of which they can be paid all that it is
necessary they should receive, and they will
receive _ all that they ought to receive. That
matter is at the discretion of the head of the
Post Office Department. Now, why we should
undertake to add twenty per cent, in cases of
that description I do not know.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON. Has it been moved to
amend by striking out the provision for in-
creased pay of officers in the post office in this
city ? It seems to me, for the reason stated by
the Senator from Maine and the Senator from
Indiana, that it is entirely at war with the
general system of the post office. The Post-
master General can increase the pay as he
thinks proper; or if that is not so, and we
are to provide for the officers in the city post
office, the same reasons would apply to those
in the same kind of office in the city of George-
town. If it be in order, therefore, I move to
strike out that provision in relation to the city
post office.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is pro-
posed to amend the amendment by striking
out in line seventeen the words " city post
office."
Mr. WILLIAMS. When the resolution came
from the House of Representatives it included
these words, "city post office." No change
was made in that respect by the Committee on
Finance of the Senate. It is true that the sal-
aries of the clerks in the city post office are not
fixed by law, but the postmaster of the office
does not feel justified in adding anything to
their pay unless authority is given by the pro-
visions of this resolution; and these clerks do
to some extent perform duties similar to those
of other clerks in this city. Everybody knows
that the city post office here is a necessary part
of the public buildings of the city of Washing-
ton, and that there is a very large amount of
business transacted in that office for the bene-
fit of the Government; and it is to all intents
and purposes used for the benefit of the Gov-
ernment as well as of the citizens who reside
m the city of Washington. I state these facts
for the consideration of the Senate. Of course
I have no particular interest in the matter fur-
ther than to say that these clerks in the city
post office as well as the postmaster claim that
they ought to have their pay increased as well
as others for^ the considerations which I have
named; but if it pleases the Senate to strike
the city post office from the resolution of course
I shall not complain.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not object to an in- v
crease of the pay of the employes of the city
post office if it is too low. The only question
is whether we are to decide that or the Post-
master Greneral. Suppose we add twenty per
cent, now to the salary which he has already
nxed, he may give them twenty per cent, more
directly, or in some way that he thinks proper.
Vve have not the whole matter in our control,
it we think twenty per cent, added to the
amount they now receive is the sum which
they should receive we had better negative the
power of the Postmaster Greneral to increase
that sum. My sole object is to leave the law
as it stands $ he is better able to tell than we
