1154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
result would be that some persons would re-
ceive twenty per cent, upon their salaries and
others would receive nothing, while they all
perform precisely the same duties and are by
law entitled to the same pay. I think that
would be manifest injustice, and therefore this
proviso ought not to remain in the resolu-
tjon. At any rate, it refers to but few persons,
with the exception of the ladies, whose com-
pensation has been increased since 1864. I
am satisjied that most of these ladies, who are
engaged in copying and counting, perform
duties which are equal in all respects to similar
duties performed by men who receive^ $1,200
a year ; and if they were discharged it would
be necessary tu employ men who would do no
more work than they do, and the Government
would be compelled to pay those men $1,200
per annum, while now they pay these ladies
but $000 for their services. If a woman per-
forms the same service in a Department that
a man can perform, I see no reason why she
should not have, perhaps not equal pay, but
at any rate pay that approximates to the amount
received by the man performing similar duties.
Mr. CONFESS. I move to amend the mo-
tion of the Senator from Illinois by striking
out the remaining proviso of that section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
not in order. An amendment in the third
degree is not admissible. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Illinois to
the amendment of the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. CONNESS. I was not aware that the
pending proposition was an amendment to an
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Nothing can be more
unpleasant than to oppose a proposition like
this, especially when the Senator in charge of
the resolution himself yields the action of the
committee; but as I think 1 have been gov-
erned by a general principle in my action on
this subject 1 prefer now, once for all, to
state it.
When the application was first made by the
cmployds of the Executive Departments for an
increase of their compensation it was upon a
simple and I think very just and equitable
principle. They alleged that their pay had
been lixed years ago, at a time when they re-
ceived it in gold, when money was of much
more value than at present. With the salary
they then received they were able to maintain
■ their families in comfort and independence.
They represented to us that on account of the
change m prices and the change in the charac-
ter of the money paid to them they are unable
to meet their ordinary expenses, and many
cases ot real distress came to our knowledge
growing out of the insufficiency of their pay,
I he pay given by the Government being in a
depreciated currency and not sufficient to main-
tain^themin ordinary comfort and independence.
That was a claim which pressed strongly
upon us and which no man with any feeling
could resist.^ If their pay as it was fixed in
1854 was a just compensation for services of
a certain character, it certainly was not just
now. It was to meet this that, for a temporary
purpose, for this year, till a general reorgan-
ization could be had in the Executive Depart-
ments, we agreed 1 believe unanimously that
there should be some additional compensation
granted to the employes of the Departments.
We could not pretend, in the present condition
of the Treasury, to give them all that they could
reasonably claim. They might claim reasonably,
on account of the currency, enough to make
their pay equal to what it was before. That,
however, we could not give, and finally by
common consent it was agreed that twenty per
cent, additional should be given to them this
year upon the principle I have stated.
There were, however, certain exceptions to
this general rule. One of them was the one now
proposed to be stricken out. Within three or
four years it has been the habit of the Govern-
ment to employ in certain Departments female
clerks and employes. Their compensation was
first fixed at $000 a year. •
It is true they were called upon to discharge
the same services as male clerks to some ex-
tent ; but the great body of the male population
of our country being in the Army, and the
ladies being very anxious for employment, the
employment was I think wisely given to them,
and they were then satisfied with the compen-
sation fixed. Things passed on for a year or
so, when upon their own application their pay
was increased to $720 a year. I had the pleas-
ure of introducingthat proposition and support-
ing it, and it was carried. That was on the
ground that the increased cost of living caused
by the continued depreciation of paper money
made $720 then no more than equal to the
$600 originally fixed. That increase was freely
granted. The year following they came to us
again, and represented that there ought to be
a gradation in their pay ; that while some of
them were mere copyists, others were perform-
ing the duties of first, second, and third class
clerks. Upon their representation and appli-
cation we adopted a scale which they them-
selves proposed. Their own plan was adopted
and an increase of compensation provided for.
Then, in certain departments of the Gov-
ernment, like the Bureau of the Comptroller of
the Currency and the Bureau of Internal Rev-
enue and some other bureaus that were organ-
ized during the war, a higher rate of pay was
given by laws passed since 1864, in order to
meet the argument that I have already men-
tioned. It was deemed wise when this general
increase was provided for, on the ground of
the inadequacy of the former pay, that those
who had already been increased in the way I
have stated should be excepted from the oper-
ation of.this resolution, and that is the reason
why this exception was made..
In regard to the other exception which is
also proposed to bo strickcn out I have a
word to say. By an appropriation which we
all admit to be wrong in principle a fund was
placed in the hands of an executive officer to
distribute at his pleasure ; and yet under the
peculiar circumstances by which we were then
surrounded wo were prevailed upon to do it. I
voted for it on the ground that we were not
then prepared in the existing condition of the
country to reorganize the Treasury Department.
A sum of $250,000 in the first place, and sub-
sequently of $100,000, was placed in the hands
of the Secretary of the Treasury to be used in
his Department to give extra compensation in
proper cases. That this money was wisely
and honestly distributed I have no manner of
doubt. The statements made by gentlemen in
that Department, who perhaps" have no polit-
ical affinities with the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, show that the money was fairly distributed,
and there is no ground to impute anything to
the contrary. It must be remembered, how-
ever, that this sum of $410,000, or a consider-
able portion of it, was distributed to certain
clerks and employes in the Treasury, some of
whom received as much as $600, and some
thirty per cent, over their salaries. They re-
ceived from one hundred dollai-s to six hundred
dollars a year out of this fund. Now, m addU
tion to_ this large increase given to them for
their faithful services, because an effort is made
by other clerks and employes who have never
had a benefit of an increase, and because their
application has been kindly listened to by Con-
gress and is about to be granted, it is proposed
to give to those clerks who have already re-
ceived from the Secretary of the Treasury all
that the heads of their bureaus recommended
an additional twenty per cent.
It seems to me it is not just, it is not right,
and I think the resolution as reported from the
Committee on Finance containing this excep-
tion ought to be sustained. As a matter of
course, if the members of the committee vary
from it first in one clause and then m another
I have no hope of seeing the resolution as
reported sustained. But it seems to me the
resolution as it stands, giving a general increase
ot twenty per cent, to all whose compensation
was fixed prior to 1864 and making the excep-
tions I have named, excluding those whose
compensation has already been increased from
the benefits of this addition, and excluding those
who have already received a large gratuity
from the funds heretofore appropriated by
Congress, will be right.
.It does seem to be ungracious, to use no
stronger term, because clerks who have never
received any benefit from the bounty of the
Government are proposed to be increased in
their pay, that others who have received this
bounty should come forward and claim an
additional sum. The resolution already pro-
vides that if the amount allotted out of this
fund should be less than the twenty per cent,
allowed to other clerks that deficiency shall be
made up, and if the amount already received
exceeds the twenty per cent, that need not be
paid back from what they have received.
I shall therefore vote against this amend-
ment, although it is an ungracious task. I do
not wish to deny to the ladies employed in the
bureaus at Washington the twenty per cent.,
and to oppose it is a very ungracious and
unpleasant duty.
Many of these ladies perform the functions
of regular clerks, and perhaps in equity ought
to receive the pay of regular clerks ; but this
resolution is not founded upon that principle.
If that was the recognized doctrinoupon which
we should legislate, we ought to provide at
once that ladies employed to discharge the
duties of first, second, third, and fourth class
clerks should receive the pay of their respect-
ive grades, but that is not the ground on which
we have placed our legislation. I think they
havenocause to complain.. They have already
been twice dealt with according to their own
desire, and they have no ground of complaint
if now we refuse to extend to them this twenty
per cent. The object of Congress is attained
by giving to those who have never received
any change in their pay a reasonable and fair
increase, and that is all that is justified by the
exigencies of the public service and the state
of the Treasury.
I do not wish to engage further in this dis-
cussion. I shall vote for the resolution as it
stands; but if these exceptions are stricken
out, and if it is loaded down with other
amendments that are not founded upon any
distinct reason, I cannot vote for it.
Mr. YATES. I do not think the positions
assumed by the Senator from Ohio are cor-
rect. I do not think that because the salaries
of these clerks have been increased repeatedly
at their request to meet the exigencies of the
hour that is a reason why they should not
receive some additional per cent, with other
clerks now. If the Senator will show me that
their compensation has been increased until it
is equal with that of other clerks who render
the same service I shall admit the fairness of
his argument; but to maintain that they should
not have the benefits of this resolution simply
because their salaries have been increased from
time to time, while admitting that they perform
the same service as clerks who receive this
additional per cent., is certainly not a sound
argument. The Senator must show that they
receive the same compensation that other clerks
receive for the same service. And here, sir,
I should like to see the American Congress
establish the principle that labor by whomso-
ever performed, by man or woman, shall have
its fair reward, and that female industry, fe-
male worth, perseverance, fidelity, and faith-
fulness in the public service shall have the
same compensation as similar qualities exhib-
ited by males. If there is to be any distinc-
tion whatever, I will unite with my honorable
colleague and be as gallant as he, and say it
shall be in favor of the female clerks instead
of the male clerks. Women have been de- "
barred the emoluments of labor long enough.
Odious and unjust discrimination have been
made against female labor long enough. Now,
sir, let an example go out from the American
Congress that labor performed by every one
shall have its fair reward, and that there shall
be perfect equality between all American citi-
zens, without reference to ffolor, race, or sex.
Mr. CONNESS. I most heartily concur in
