1830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
can entertain no motion in regard to any other
bill except by common consent.
Mr. WILLEY. I will ask the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce to allow me
to bring up a little bill that will take but a
moment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should be most happy
to accommodate all these gentlemen; but really
there are so many of them that if I give way at
all, I shall have to give way in every case; and
I insist on going ou with the bill. I regret it
# exceedingly; but I cannot possibly give way in
"all cases.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have sent an amendment
to the desk.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will have it read the moment debate on these
incidental questions ceases. The bill (H. R.
No. 1154) making appropriations for the repair,
preservation, and completion of certain public
works heretofore commenced under the author-
ity of law, and for other purposes, is before the
Senate as in the Committee of the Whole, and
the Senator from Minnesota proposes to amend
the bill by inserting on page 8, after line one
hundred and seventy-one, the following:
For removing snags and boulders throughout the
Minnesota river, $37,500.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will simply state that an
estimate for this sum for this purpose was sub-
mitted by the War Department, predicated upon
the survey of General Warren of that river,
and that I have the assent of the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce, through its
chairman and a majority of its members, to
offer this amendment. The river Minnesota
has never heretofore had any money appropri-
ated to its improvement. It is a river of about
three hundred miles of navigation, draining a
country about as large as the State of Indiana,
and one of the most fruitful countries in the
Northwest—an immense wheat-producing re-
gion. It is, of course, the interest of the peo-
ple of the East who consume this wheat, as
well aa of the farmers who produce it, that its
transportation should be made as cheap as
possible. _ The cost of transportation is an
immense item with us, and the wheat that is
raised with great labor and expense yields a
mere trifle to the producer when it reaches a
market after the cost of transportation is paid.
I hope the Senate will oonsent to this amend-
ment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will ask the Senator
if there is any report from the Secretary of
War approving it ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir; it is estimated
for.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
the amendment read again.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
if that is recommended by the Secretary of
War or the engineer department.
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir; as I understand,
this report of General Humphreys is substan-
tially indorsed by the Secretary of War.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are no recom-
mendations there.
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir; on page 8 of the
report of General Warren of his survey of the
Upper Mississippi and Minnesota rivers, there
is an estimate of $37,500 for removing the
snags, boulders, &c., throughout that river.
Hr- FESSENDEN. W£o is that from?
General Humphreys.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is no estimate,
no recommendation.
Mr. RAMSEY. He recommends it cer-
tainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that the
Secretary of War merely sends in these as
reports made by the officers, with no recom-
mendation.
Mr. RAMSEY. All these recommendations
of General Warren are indorsed by General
Humphreys. There are many others; but I
have very modestly refused to present any bnt
this one. I willstate to the Senator that although
this is the first appropriation of one dollar, a
survey was generously ordered by the last Con-
gress, and a small amount of money appropri-
ated for a survey of the Mississippi river above
the upper rapids and the Minnesota river, a
navigation of eight hundred miles. Although
a million people live upon those waters and
the trade of that amount of people will be ac-
commodated by this improvement, not one
dollar had before been appropriated even for a
survey. The survey was as thoroughly made
as could be made by that efficient, energetic,
and able officer, General G. K. Warren, in the
short time allowed, from August to the close of
the season of navigation; and as the conse-
quence of that report we come here and ask for
this appropriation. All we get by this bill is
§96,000 for the improvement of the Mississippi
above the upper or Rock Island rapids. You
are appropriating $500,000 here for the lower
rapids and hundreds of thousands for points
below. Almost all the trade that makes the
rapids and its navigation important, that makes
all the navigation of the lower river valuable, is
the trade we send do wn there, the trade gathered
outof this Minnesota river that courses through
Minnesota from its eastern border to the west,
and drains even the Territory of Dakota and
the whole <}f western Minnesota. All we get
in this bill for all that immense region, with
a thousand miles of the Mississippi river within
the State of Minnesota is $96,000; and now I
ask $37,500 for the Minnesota river. You
have given to some States almost a million
dollars. It is true that we are a young State,
and comparatively a small State; but I advise
Senators that we are growing very rapidly.
We added one hundred thousand to our popu-
lation last year by immigration r our growth is
very great; and it would be proper to antici-
pate the necessity for this improvement, even
if it were not immediately wanted; but it is
wanted now. I trust the Senate will consent,
inasmuch as the committee agreed to this, to
allow this small appropriation to go in the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What committee have
agreed to it?
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Com-
merce—a majority of the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has it been considered
by the Committee on Commerce ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And recommended by
that committee?
Mr. RAMSEY'. Its chairman tells me so.
After you appropriate this $37,000, you have
only given us $130,000, with a thousand miles
of river in our borders. And do you ever hope
to develop the country unless you give some
money for the improvement of navigation ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wanted to know if it
came from a committee?
Mr. RAMSEY. I am informed by the Sen-
ator from Michigan that it does come from the
Committee on Commerce; and with their con-
sent I move it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to ask
my friend from Minnesota in what way this
money is to be expended ? It seems to be for
removing snags and boulders from the Minne-
sota river. I suppose it would be necessary to
have a snag-boat in order to accomplish the
purpose.
u-v^T' ®.^^SEY. There is a provision in the
bill as it stands appropriating $96,000 for
snag-boats upon the Upper Mississippi river,
which can be used upon the Minnesota river.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am not unfriendly
to the amendment. My reason for speaking '
of it was that it struck me the amount was too
small to accomplish the purpose.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is the amount estimated
for by the Engineer of the War Office.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am not unfriendly
So I understand the Sen-
to it, but friendly.
Mr. RAMSEY,
ator.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. In line fifty-seven of
section one after the word '' Sandusky'' I
move to insert " harbor, bay, andso that it
will read:
For improvement of Sandusky harbor, bay, and
river, from Fremont to Lake Erie, iu Ohio, $20,000.
They are all connected together. It is a
mere verbal amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move to amend the bill
by inserting after line one hundred and sev-
enty-one of section one, on page 8, the follow-
ing:
For improvement of Providence river, Rhode Isl-
and, off Fawtuxct bar and at the Crook, 825,000.
For improvement of tho Pawtucket river, Rhode
Island, 817,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to inquire
of the Senator if he has a recommendation
from the engineer department for that appro-
priation.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The recommendation I
hold in my hand is from the Coast Survey and
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. CHANDLER. We have thus far taken
no recommendations except from the engi-
neer department of the War Office.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It comes within the
rule, whether it comes from the one Depart-
ment or the other.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Senator from Maine
tells me that the amendment is within the rule,
whether the recommendation comes from the
Secretary of War or the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. The recommendations are full and am-
ple. The work is undoubtedly necessary.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I wish to inquire whether
this amendment has the assent of the Commit-
tee on Commerce?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has not.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. As I understand, it
cannot be offered without the approbation of
that committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
does not understand such to be the rule.
Amendments to an appropriation bill involv-
ing an increased expenditure cannot be offered
without the recommendation of some commit-
tee or of the head of some Department. The
Chair thinks that the rule goes so far, but not
exclusively in favor of one dbmmittee.
.The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes six 
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask that the amend-
ment be again read.
The Secretary again read the amendment.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Let me state once more
to the Senate that I hold in my hand the rec-
ommendation of this appropriation by the
Coast Survey and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. Upon the petition of very many of the
principal inhabitants of that section soliciting
the attention of the Government to this im-
portant matter, an officer of the Coast Survey
was stationed there, and he has reported fa-
vorably. The Superintendent in charge of the
Coast Survey recommends Congress to assent
to that report, and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury unites in that recommendation.
There can be no delay. Obstructions ex-
ist and those obstructions are accumulating.
Which, then, is the proper Department from
which to obtain the most perfect report. Is it
the War Department or that Department that
takes cognizance of the commercial affairs of
the country. How long is it since the Com-
mittee on Commerce held this close alliance
with the War Department. The object of a
report from the Vi ar Department is to see that
no greater appropriation is made upon works
that are feasible, and for the thorough per-
formance of the work. The policy of the work
belongs to Congress, and Congress should act
upon the report from that Department that is
established to represent the commercial affairs
of the country and to facilitate commerce.
Here, then, you have a report from that De-
partment favoring the policy of this work, and
with it comes a detailed report more perfect
than any engineer's report would be likely to
be. I have myself examined that report and
I speak from knowledge.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
