1156
Tm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
the subject. After that_ was done, and the
resolution was brought into the Senate and
was partially discussed, it was discovered that
gentlemen were about to move amendments
to put on a great many more whose claims
were very doubtful. My friend from Ohio
[Mr. Wade] .spoke of adding the laborers and
mechanics in the navy-yard, and the persons
employed at the Printing Office, and the laborers
« and mechanics employed on the Capitol exten-
sion, on the Treasury extension, and some
ethers.
If you put in all of these you would meet
with infinite difficulties, and there is no know-
ing where to stop. They do not stand in the
same category. My friend from Ohio says they
do notgetanytoomuch. Thatistrue; butthey
are paid by the day; they are anxious for the
placcs; they get sure pay and the highest pay
that any persons employed as they are receive
anywhere else, and we were unwilling to add
from three to four hundred thousand dollars,
or perhaps hklf a million dollars, to pay extra
compensation to persons who were anxious to
get their places, and who were paid as well as
any persons doing the same work in the coun-
try, and more surely, and who did not come at
all within the category of which I have spoken.
When we found that that was the case we did
not know but that something might be saved by
abandoning our previous conclusion; and it was
under the pressure of that idea that the hon-
orable Senator from Oregon brought in this
amendment, which was agreed to by the com-
mittee. I am. in favor, as I was in the first
place, of striking out this proviso, and then of
striking out the following proviso, to do jus-
tice to all these men in the Departments ; and
I am not in favor of including these laborers
and mechanics who are employed in this city
in a resolution which had no reference to them
and was intended to have no reference to them;
and if they shall be included I shall feel com-
pelled1 to vote against the whole resolution.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move to strike
out the last proviso, in these words:
Provided further. That all oxtra compensation al-
lowed and paid to any of said persons during the cur-
rent fiscal year by tho head of any Dopartment shall
bo taken and considered as a part of said twenty por
cent., so that all of said persons shall receive twenty
por cent, on thoirrcspectivesalarios as aforesaid, and
no more; but no person shall be required to refund
any sum that ho may have roceivcd as aforesaid in
excess of said twenty per eont. on his salary.
Mr. COSINESS. I hope that will be stricken
out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should not have said
another word about this but for what was said
by the Senator from Maine in reply to a sug-
gestion of mine that this bonus of $160,000
had been distributed among favorites, which
ho refutes as he supposes by presenting a cer-
tificate from the persons who made the distri-
bution—not the best evidence, I would remark
to the Senator from Maine. Parties who made
the distribution would be very likely to certify
that they did not mako it upon any principles
of favoritism. I should have expected that;
they are not the most disinterested witnesses
in the world; but however they distributed it,
the fa„ct is as was stated by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] that certain clerks in
the Treasury Department have received over
and above their salaries bonuses varying from
one hundred to six hundred dollars; and now,
after they have been paid some of them as
much as six hundred dollars in addition to
their regular salaries, you propose .to give
thern twenty per cent, more in this bill, which,
as it is now written and reported by the com-
mittee, proposes to give something to those
■whose salaries have not been raised in any
form. It is proposed now to go on and give
the twenty per cent, additional to those who
have been paid all they ought to have, because
they have had a fund of $160,000 from which
to draw; and this proviso declares, as it is
written,^that they shall not be required "to
refund any sum they may have received ad
aforesaid in excess of said twetjty ^er cent, on
other salary," thereby admitting in the pro-
viso as it now reads that §ome of these officers
received out of this fund placed in the hands
of the Secretary of the Treasury already more
than twenty per cent, upon their salaries.
If they have not received it the proviso as it
now reads declares that they shall receive up
to twenty per cent.; that they shall stand like
all other clerks of the Departments. If they
have not already received twenty per cent,
advance upon their salaries, then this proviso
as it now reads is that they shall receive it,
and if they have already had the twenty per
cent., and more than the twenty per cent., they
ijhall not be called upon to refund. Tt does
seem to me these clerks stand well enough, and
this proviso ought not to be stricken out.
Mr. CATTELL. The chairman of the Fi-
nance Committee has given a very plain state-
ment of the course of this resolution before that
committee. I desire to state, as one of the
members of thatgommittee, that iwas opposed
to both these provisos, and that the commit-
tee, in the first instance, agreed to report the
resolution without either proviso, and that at
the meeting of the committee when the amend-
ment was agreed upon, including the two pro-
visos, I was not present, and consequently I
am not responsible for their appearance here.
I state this fact simply because I not only voted
for striking out the first proviso, but I propose
to vote for striking out the second.
In my judgment if there is any error in re-
gard to the sum which was given to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury for distribution among the
clerks in his Department it was the error of
the Congress of the United States that placed
the fund in his hands. In regard to its distri-
bution I hold that there were, and are now, in
tho service of the Government men of the
highest ability whose salaries were fixed years
ago, when a dollar was certainly equal to a
dollar and a half now; and it was intended to
provide for the fact that in order to retain the
valuable services of this class of men in the
service of the Government it became necessary
in some form or other to provide additional
compensation for them. It \^gs not thought
proper to enter info a revision of the whole
system of pay in the Executive Departments
of the Government, and Congress in its wis-
dom chose to adopt this plan of placing a sum
in the hands of the Secretary of" the Treasury
for distribution in accordance with his judg-
ment among tho most worthy in the service.
Now, I take the ground that the distribution
of this money by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, if done with judgment, was pay for ab-
solute extra valuable services rendered by the
gentlemen to whom the compensation went;
that it was for services done and rendered up
to that time; that it was a compensation abso-
lutely due to them for the faithfulness and
ability with which they had performed their
duty. I hold, therefore, that having paid these
individuals compensation for extra, faithful
service which they had performed, when we
come to decide the question whether extra
compensation shall be given to the entire cler-
ical force you are not to take back from them
what you once gave them for services actually
performed.
I stated before the committee, as an illustra-
tion of this position, that it was the habit of
the board of directors of the bank over which
I have the honor to preside, during this period,
when everything in the way of living has been
so expensive, to vote an appropriation to be
placed in my hands, as president, for distribu-
tion among the most faithful and deserving of
the clerks of the bank. I sought out such of
them as had families and were faithful, and
whom I knew the salaries were scarcely ade-
quate to maintain in comfort and independ-
ence. _ But when we came, as is our practice
at Christmas day, to make an addition of some
percentage to the salaiy of all the clerks in
the bank, we did not stop to inquire how much
the president had given to this one or to that
one for his extra faithful services; but, dis-
posed to do. a generous and a, proper thing, we
adopted a resolution to give eaeh the same
percentage upon his salary; and I never yet,
among the clerks in that establishment, heard
a single murinur from any of them that the pay
which others had received for their extra, faith-
ful service should be deducted out of the per-
centage which was given to all of them. I
hope that if this resolution is passed at all, if
the Congress of the United States want to do
a just and generous thing, they will not stop
to inquire whether Mr. McCulloch has paid an
extra allowance to some persons employed in
his Department, who have been faithful to
their trust, who have, been extraordinarily so,
and whose services and signal abilities perhaps
could not have been retained but for these extra
allowances, and that we shall not require that
to be deducted from the general advance which
we now propose to make.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think it is perhaps, due
to myself that I should say a word or two, as
it seems that the responsibility of the change
has been thrown upon me by the members of
the committee. I was in favor, in the first place,
of one of two policies in reference to this com-
pensation. One was to confine this additional
compensation to all persons whose salaries were
fixed by law, and adopt that as the rule by which
the allowance should be made; but if there was
any departure from that rule, then all persons
in the service of the Government in the city of
Washington, whether their salaries were fixed
by law or not, should be included; so that
there should be some rule by which this com-
pensation should be governed, and not to apply
the twenty per cent, to those whose salaries
were fixed by law and then pick out a certain
number of persons whose pay was not fixed by
law and give them twenty per cent., and exclude
all others. That was the position I occupied
as an individual upon the subject. I was will-
ing to take either ground; but I desired to
stand upon some ground where I could main-
tain myself. It would be consistent to confine
this compensation to all persons whose salaries
are fixed by law and exclude all others, or it
would be right that all should be paid without
reference to the manner in which they received
their "compensation.
When the resolution was reported from the
Finance Committee I found that there were
persons named in ij whose salaries were not
fixed by la.w and a large number of others ex-
cluded who were equally meritorious and whose
salaries were not fixed by law. Hence it be-
came necessary to reconsider the .subject; and
the resolution in the form in which it is now
pending was as I understand the judgment of
the committee in reference to the mode in
which the compensation should be made, and
I so reported it, although I am free to say that
at the time and since the resolution has never
been entirely expressive of iny individual views
on this question; but I acted as the organ of
the committee, supposing that a resolution in
this shape was the expression of the views of
a majority of the committee.
As to this motion, I have simply to say that
I am apprehensive that it will, if it prevails,
defeat the resolution, becausc I am very confi-
dent that there are many persons who will not
vote for it if this clause or something like it is
not retained. The extra compensation paid by
the Secretary of the Treasury has undoubtedly
been paid to the most deserving in the Treasury
Department, but they have received during the
fiscal year from one hundred to seven hundred
and fifty dollars. Some of them have received
$750 out of this fund during the present year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Those are the highest
officers.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, the highest officers
who receive the highest pay. Out of the $250,-
000 and the $160,000 fund some have received
$1,000, some $1,500, and some as high as
$2,000. I admit that those persons who re-
ceived this extra compensation have more re-
sponsibilities, more talent, are required to dis-
charge higher duties than those who received
less compensation; and I would not object to *
