1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115f
an amendment providing that those persons
who have received one or two hundred dollars
should be included in this resolution, and that
all who received over two hundred dollars
should be excluded. If you undertake to in-
clude within this resolution those who have
already received $500, $600, or $750, I am
apprehensive that-it will be a great burden and
possibly defeat the whole measure. That is
one reason why I think it not advisable to adopt
the amendment, not that it may not be right
enough in itself.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the honorable mem-
ber be so kind as to inform me whether twenty
per cent, is on the salary proper or on the sal-
ary with the temporary increase added?
Mr. "WILLIAMS. Upon the salary proper,
not upon the temporary increase.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Oregon if I (mder^tood
him correctly as saying that as much as $2,000
of this fund was paid to some clerks as extra
compensation?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I say that out of the
fund of $250,000 and $160,000 appropriated
in 1865 and 1866 some clerks have received as
high as $2,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And now it is proposed
to give this increase to those who have already
had $2,000 extra compensation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a mistake. Let
the Senator give the names and it will be seen
how the fact is.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state how I make
it out. I hold in my hand a letter of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in anawer to a resolu-
tion of the House of 10th December, relative
to the disbursement of the funds appropriated
as extra compensation to clerks of the Treasury
Department, and on the second page I find a
"list of the temporary clerks in the Treasury
Department who have been paid out of the
$250,000 appropriated by act of March 2,
1865, and $160,000 appropriated by act July
23, 1866, for the payment of temporary clerks
in the Treasury Department, and additional
compensation to clerks in same Department up
to and including November 30, 1866."
Now follows a list. A very large proportion
of these clerks have received over $1,000. Mr.
W. A. Dumphy has received $2,117 80, and
many have received $1,200; one clerk, (Mr.
William Fessenden,) $1,943 37; and other
clerks have received $900, $1,000, $1,100, and
$1,200.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is in two years.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I say out of the two funds.
I am honestly in favor of this resolution ; I am
anxious to see these clerks get some additional
compensation ; and 1 simply make this objec-
tion because I am apprehensive that if this
clause is en-tirely stricken out and these per-
sons who have received this large additional
compensation included it will make the reso-
lution so objectionable, if not here elsewhere,
as to defeat its passage.
Mr. CltAGIN. There is one view of this
case that has not been clearly presented, as it
sceins to rae. This resolution is to go back in
its operation to the 30th day of June last and
to continue for one year. Since the 30th of
June last only about six months have elapsed,
and these clerks to whom allusion has been
made who have been paid out of this fund
have received pay for only two quarters of the
year. Now, if this provision here remains I
understand they are not to receive anything
whatever out of this fund for the next two
quarters; and if it should be striclcen_ out it
will make but very little difference with the
present fiscal year whether they receive the
extra compensation as contemplated by the
money that was placed in the Secretary's hands
or whether they now be paid twenty per cent.
Having received their pay for the two quarters,
the twenty per cent, now added, leaving out
their pay under the money appropriated for
the other two quarters, will place them almost
precisely as though they had received their pay
for the four quarters of the year, nothing being
said about this twenty per cent.
There is another thing. You will recollect,
sir, that near the close of the last session of
Congress we voted to pay $100 each to the
first and second class clerks. Now if this pro-
vision is not stricken out, that $100 will be de-
ductedfrom their twenty per cent, under this
resolution, and I submit to Senators whether
that would be right and proper.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I do not
partake of the apprehensions of the honorable
Senator from Oregon, that the adoption of £his
amendment will defeat this measure. All that
I find in the argument of the Senator from
Illinois on this subject is this: that because
Congress has heretofore done partial justice to
a few clerks we shall now do less than justice
to them. That is his argument as I see it and
understand it. Because a few clerks have re-
ceived the compensations stated we are to do
injustice to a great many clerks and pay them
less than they should have.
Mr. President, for two years I had the honor
of a seat in the committee of which the dis-
tinguished Senator from Maine is chairman.
It was during two years of the war. During
that time the most valuable clerks in the Treas-
ury and other Departments, but particularly in
the Treasury, left the public employ, being
offered and constantly receiving as they did
higher compensation for their labor from
banks, insurance companies, and private busi-
ness firms in the country. We were told again
and again, and notified by the head of the
Treasury Department and by the heads of
bureaus in that Department, that unless an ad-
vance was made they could not keep men whose
services were a necessity to the Government.
It was by reason of those constant applications
and statements authoritatively made that this
system that is now so mueli condemned, of
making an appropriation and placing it within
the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury,
was resorted to, because we could not at that
time resort to a general advance of the com-
pensation of clerks. The Treasury we thought
could not bear it; and therefore it was deemed
necessary to make an appropriation which
should be divided in a great measure among
the most valuable clerks in the Department,
that they might be kept in the public service.
Now, two years or a year after that measure
of justice has boon performed it is argued here
that we shall do less than justice to-night. I
do not understand the logic. I cannot under-
stand why, if we have given something be-
cause of the deserts of those men, we shall now
play the Indian giver, and, as it were, take it
back again by refusing to give them the com-
pensation which wo are extending to other
clerks.
The honorable Senator from Illinois shows
great zeal in this matter. It is well to have
zeal in behalf of the Treasury ; but it appears
to m-e that it were better exercised otherwise
than against those men who perform valuable
services for the Government. It was we!! stated
by the honorable Senator from Maine that the
worst feature of this resolution is that it pro-
poses to give the twenty per cent, to a set of
clerks in all the Departments who are not wor-
thy of it. I mean the first-class clerks, many
of whom get as much as they deserve, who have
no families to support, nobody depending on
them, who can live well, if they live properly,
upon $1,200 per annum ; but no distinction can
be made, and that to my mind is the evil of
this measure of relief to the clerks. But it can-
not be avoided ; it must be done; for there are
among those twelve hundred dollar clerks many
men of superior capacity and of great necessity
—men called upon to maintain families in this
District, to educate, feed, and clothe children.
But, sir, as to this proposition whether we shall
refuse to give this advance of twenty per cent,
to a worthy and superior class of men because
we have rendered them already in the past a
partial measure of justice, I cannot understand
the force of the logic nor the justice of the
proposition.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not intend to say a
word on this subject, but I have such respect
for first-class clerks that I do not like to hear
it said that they have more than they are enti-
tled to.
Mr. CONNESS. It was not so stated.
Mr. POMEROY. Sir, in my opinion many
of the most deserving men in the Departments
and the most competent officers will be found *
among the first-class clerks. Many of them
have served there faithfully year after year,
doing the same work and sometimes more than
the second and third and even the fourth-class
clerks; and they are certainly as much entitled
and even more than the other classes of clerks
to this twenty per cent. I am decidedly in
favor of the first-class clerks having something
in this resolution. 1 have known the history
of many of them, and it has been a history of
neglect and even of suffering; and in the most
uncomplaining manner they have year by year
discharged their duties and have had no friend
to intercede for them, and they will remain
first-class clerks. Many of them have been
contented with that position. What I rose to
say was, that if we are to give this twenty per
cent., as I think we ought to do, it is especially
due to those who have in a quiet manner per-
formed their duty as first-class clerks without
extra compensation.
I do not suppose that this extra compensa-
tion has been paid where it was not deserved,
as a general thing. I have entire confidence in
the manner in which the fund has been admin-
istered": but I have noticed that a good many
of our men last year, before the fall election,
found their places so uncomfortable that they
left the Departments. Some resigned; I do
not know that any were turned out; but I
learn that when their places came to be filled
they were not filled with the same kind of men,
politically, as went out. This compensation,
reaching back to the 1st of July, does not
relieve at all those men who left the service,
either because they were requested to resign or
because they thought their duties to the coun-
try were such that they could not stay. I sup-
pose the extra compensation was distributed
all right; but 1 have to say about it that, the
lower grades, called the first and second class,
commend themselves peculiarly to me; and
those who have had this extra compensation,
in my opinion, have not been in all instances
the most deserving.
Mr. DO 0 LITTLE. Mr. President, about
the close of the last Congress a special com-
mittee was raised for the purpose of reorgan-
izing the Interior Department. The chairmen
of the various committees in this body who
deal particularly with the bureaus in that De-
partment constituted that committee. I was
upon that committee, and remember very well
that the heads of the bureaus of the* Interior
Depaitment were called before the committee
and gave their testimony in relation to the
operatio-ns of their various bureaus. I remem-
ber very well that the heads of those bureaus
stated that sincc the commencement of Mr.
Lincoln's administration the clerksunderthem,
especially in the land department, had changed
twice, because, after being a time in the De-
partment, and becoming experienced and hav-
ing the knowledge which was necessary to dis-
charge its duties, they became so capable and
were in such demand elsewhere that it was im-
possible for them to be retained in the Depart-
ment. The committee accordingly reported a
bill for the reorganization of that Department,
which passed the Senate, but whicli was not
acted upon in the House.
It was to prevent just that operation in the
Treasury Department that Congress thought
proper to put this fund at the disposal of the
Department, to hold it as an inducement and
as a consideration for distribution among the
meritorious and laborious cleiks performing
the great duties of the Department, to be dis-
tributed for that purpose, and to retain them
in the service. Again and again it was urged
upon Cougress by the heads of those bureaus
that they would lose their best clerks, and the
service of the Government wouidbe very much
damaged by their leaving, and this fund was
