1834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
their own views. It is very well known to the
Senate what were the views of the Senator from
Massachusetts; but he was not appointed upon
this committee to reprcsenthimseif, but to rep-
resent this body after this body, after debate
and a careful vote, said that that minister should
be paid. Then the Senator consents to a
report going further than the House had de-
manded. 1 think with such a report the Sen-
ate ought not to concur.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from In-
diana is mistaken in supposing that the Senate
voted that that minister ought to be paid. That
was not the conclusion to which the Senate
came. It came to no new conclusion upon
that subject. The House struck out Portugal,
or at least sent the bill to us without jiutting
Portugal into the list of Powers at which we
were to be represented. The Senate inserted
the word Portugal in that list, thus expressing
the opinion that Portugal should not be erased
from that list, that an appropriation should be
made for a minister there: but at the same time
the Senate knew that in the appropriation bill
of last year was a clause that no money should
be paid to the gentleman at present represent-
ing the United States at Portugal out of that
or any other fund. My own opinion was that
that was a permanent provision, and that so
long as it remained on the statute-book no
money could be paid in any year, either for
this or any succeeding year to the present
minister, although an appropriation might be
made for a mission to Portugal. I am of that
opinion still. It seems, however, that the
House of Representatives, while consenting to
put Portugal in and make an appropriation for
a mission there, insists upon reeuacting that
clause and providing that it shall remain the
law until repealed. I do not think that gives
a particle of additional force to what existed
before. I for one should be perfectly willing
to drop the controversy; I did not approve of
it in the first place; but my idea was in voting
for the amendment of the Senate that-while it
provided for a minister to Portugal, the pre-
vious law yet remained unrepealed applicable
to the person there. Therefore the Senate in
voting to insert "Portugal" intended to ex-
press no such opinion as the Senator from
Indiana seems to imply from the vote of the
Senate, because it was openly stated here in
debate that that clause still applied.
Mr. SUMNER. I content myself with
simply calling for the vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Cattell, Chandler, Conness,
Cragin, Creswell. Edmunds, Fessenden, Fowler,
Howe, Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan, Morrill, Nye, Po-
land, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague. Sum-
ner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Williams, and Wil-
son—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Doolittle, Fos-
ter, Hendricks, Norton, Patterson, ltoss. Wade, and
Willey—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Davis, Dixon, Fogg,
Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Guthrie, Harris, Henderson,
Howard, Johnson, McDougall, Nesmith, Kiddle,
Saulsbury, Stewart, and Yates—17.
So the report was concurred in.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1154) making appropriations for the re-
pair, preservation, and completion of certain
public works heretofore commenced under the
authority of law, and for other purposes.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I move to amend the
bill by striking out in line one hundred and
twenty-seven of section one, on page 6, the
word "eighty" and inserting in lieu thereof
the word "thirty," so as to make the appro-
priation for the harbor of Burlington, Ver-
mont, $30,000.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state to the Senator from Iowa that the
amendment which he proposes, being an alter-
ation of an amendment adopted in the words
in which it stands, is not now m order.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Will it be in order at
aiv time before the bill shall pass?
the PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
in order in the Senate when the question is on
concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole. The Senator can
•then move to amend this amendment before it
shall be concurred in.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I shall renew my motion j
at the proper time. !
The bill was reported to tho Senate as ,
amended. j
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments which
have been made as in the Committee of the
Whole. The Chair will put the question on all
the amendments collectively, excepting those
which may be indicated by Senators for a
separate vote.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I ask that an exception
be made of the amendment which I have just
indicated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to except the
amendment in reference to the Des Moines
rapids.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no other ,
amendment be designated for exception,' the
Chair will put the question on concurring in
the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole, except those indicated by the Senator
from Iowa and the Senator from Vermont. !
The amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first !
excepted amendment will be read. j
The Secretary read the following amend-
ment inserted after line one hundred and
twenty-five of section one :
For improving tho harbor of Burlington, Vermont,
$80,000.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I move to amend that
amendment by striking out "eighty" and in- i
serting "thirty." I find upon examining the
report made by the Secretary^ of War, and
which has been laid upon our tables, that he
recommended the sum of $30,000 for this im-
provement. I find in the printed bill upon our
table that sum increased to $80,000. Not see-
ing in the report of the Secretary of War any
reason why this increase of $50,000 should be
made over and above the amountiecommended
by him, I desire to know why it is so increased.
Since I have called attention to the amend-
rffent before, the Senator from Vermont in-
forms me that he has a letter giving the infor-
mation. I have not yet had an opportunity of
reading it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend from Iowa
had been paying strict attention to the course
of the debate he would have understood, dur-
ing the observations of my friend from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Henderson,] why this was. The
subject was then alluded to, and it was then
stated, and I repeat it, that in this printed
recommendation of appropriations the sum
was left blank entirely, and on inquiry—be-
cause living at this place I knew that surveys
had been made, and everything was ready for
the work—I ascertained that the sum was left
blank by a mere accidental omission. Not
choosing to have the Senate act upon my say
so as to what was right or as to what should
be appropriated, I asked the Secretary of War
to communicate to the chairman of the com-
mittee, my friend from Michigan, the informa-
tion he had, and what was recommended ; and
the letter that I hold in my hand was commu-
nicated to the committee. It states the amount
of the whole estimate, and winds up by saying
"An additional appropriation of $80,000 is
proper, which amount I would recommend to
be appropriated at this time," and that is
signed, "A. A. Humphreys, brigadier gen-
eral and chief of Engineers." It was upon
that that the committee acted, and I hope it
will be satisfactory to my friend from Iowa.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I had nothing to guide
me but the printed report before the Senate,
and there, on page 28, I found this item :
" For Burlington harbor and breakwater, addi-
tional appropriation required for this year, $30,000."
The letter read shows a necessity, I suppose,
for an increase of $50,000. I thought it was
necessary the Senate should have that infor-
mation before increasing the Secretary's rec-
ommendation by that amount. I withdraw the
amendment if it is in my power so to do.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly,
the power of the Senator over his amendment
is ample until it is amended or voted on by the
Senate. The question is on the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Secretary read the next excepted amend-
ment, which was to strike out'lines one hun-
dred and fifty-nine and one hundred and sixty
of the first section, in the following words:
For improving navigation on the Mississippi river
at Des Moines or lower rapids, $1,000,000; and in lieu
thereof to insert:
For improving navigation of tho Mississippi river
at Des Moines or lower rapids, according to such
plan as the Secretary of War shall, on tho repot t of
a board of engineers, approve, $500,000: Provided,
howevrr. That any canal that may ba constructed
round said Dos Moines or lower rapids of the Mis-
sissippi river shall be, and forever remain, free to
the navigation and commerce of said river, and no
tolls shall ever be collected thereon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not mean to oppose
this amendment, but I wish to suggest to the
consideration of the Senate to insert after the
word "tolls" the words "or other exactions,"
so as to be sure to secure to commerce com-
plete freedom. " Tolls " is a definite term j it
means payment of a certain sum for passing
through. I move to amend the amendment
by adding the words " or other exactions," so
as to cover the whole ground.
Mr. BROWN. I do not know exactly what
would be the full scope of that language, and
do not see the necessity for it. I think it had
better remain as it is. There may be rules
and regulations and requirements necessary to
be observed there that might be held to fall
under that. I do not want any toll or other
imposition levied upon any of the commerce
of that river, and I think the language is suffi-
cient as it stands.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out " $500,000" and
inserting " $1,000,000."
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole was concurred in.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
bill by striking out on page 7, lines one hun-
dred and fifty-six, one hundred and fifty-seven,
and one hundred and fifty-eight of section one,
the words: '1 for preservation and improvement
of Boston harbor, Massachusetts, $375,000."
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to hear some
reason for that.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from
Massachusetts voted a short time ago in favor
of giving us only $300,000 for improvement
of the Mississippi river at the Des Moines
rapids, requiring, I suppose, the cutting out of
a channel two hundred feet wide in solid stone
for some twelve miles for the passage of steam-
boats, some five or six feet deep, or at any
rate four feet in depth. I do not see any
recommendation by the Secretary of War for
the improvement of this harbor.
Mr. SUMNER. Every item is recommended.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to know
what the necessity for this very large appro-
priation is. I have looked through the report
of the Secretary of War and I cannot find a "
recommendation. If some Senator will show
it to me, I shall certainly withdraw all opposi-
tion to this clause. It struck me, however,
that if we could get along with $300,000 to cut
a channel through solid stone for twelve miles
in order to pass over the lower rapids of the
Mississippi a commerce which in one year will
equal the commerce of Boston harbor for five
years, I ought to have some reason for voting
tkis very large appropriation, lihis is not the
first, nor second, nor third that I have given
willingly; and I now express my entire will-
ingness to vote for this appropriation, or even
a larger appropriation, provided I Sfm find any
estimate or any reason lor it; and if the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, who of course knows
