1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and examine whether it was or not a material
obstruction to the navigation of the Mississippi
river. We had their evidence. We took it,
together with that of the men who were inter-
ested in the navigation of the river; and taking
it altogether, there was no doubt in the minds
of the committee it was overwhelmingly proved
there was no material obstruction to the navi-
gation of the river.
The gentleman has read in the hearing of
the House to-day a certificate as sworn to,
where it is alleged the piers of that bridge are
not parallel with the current of thej river. I
unhesitatingly say those gentlemen are mis-
taken in regard to that fact. The evidence is
clear and satisfactory that the piers are set
directly parallel with the current of the stream.
This is the fact, as the evidence of Mr. Taylor,
the engineer of its construction, clearly shows,
who is sustained and confirmed by the distin-
guished gentleman from Massachusetts, chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and other gentlemen of this House,
who actually saw for themselves that these men
were entirely mistaken in regard to the matter.
The bridge itself is not at right angles to the
banks of the river. The current runs differ-
ently from the general coarse of the stream at
this point, and no competent engineer would
construct a bridge across so important a river
without planting his piers parallel with its
current.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How about
the Rock Island bridge?
Mr. FARQUHAR. I know nothing about
it except from the testimony before the com-
mittee, and that was slight. My information
is from the gentleman from Illinois in the
speech he made here last winter, and I would
like, if I had the time, to show the House the
misrepresentations, the misstatements, the mis-
understandings, I presume, of the gentleman
in regard to the Rock Island bridge, as applied
by him to the Clinton bridge on a former occa-
sion.
Mr. GRINNELL. Let me say a word in
reference to the Rock Island bridge.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I do not yield, as I can-
not spare the time. I desire to say in this
connection that there was evidence before the
committee that impartial and disinterested
men from other portions of the country tried
experiments by floats upon the river, giving
them free way in the current, and the result
was that they went clear of the piers and be-
tween them, showing that the current of the
stream was directly parallel with the length of
the piers.
The gentleman from Illinois says that hereaf-
ter from fifteen to twenty barges will be towed
by a single boat from the headwaters of the
Mississippi to the Gulf without breaking bulk,
but he forgets or omits to say that steamboat
men only place one barge upon each side of a
boat, the others being towed to the rear, and
that the bridge affords ample space for that
purpose.
But there is stronger evidence than that to
sustain this case. The bridge was completed
in December, 1864, mOre than two years since,
and there is not a case of damage or injury
established, with a single exception, during
the whole period of time from then until
now. No material obstruction whatever has
resulted from the construction of this bridge
t,o the navigation of the Mississippi river.
While the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burns] "Charges that sixty barges and boats
have been destroyed at Rock Island bridge, the
fentleman has not dared to charge before this
louse to-day that more than a single craft has,
been injured at this bridge. And, sir, there
are suspicions it was run against the bridge to
make an experimental case to test whether it
was a legal structure or not. Yet the gentle-
man would ask the committee to come into the
House and in the face of sworn evidence, and
after deliberate examination, to decide it was
an obstruction to the navigation of the Missis-
sippi river. We could not do it and serve our
constituents; we could not do it and serve our
country; we could not do it and stand before
this House and the testimony in this case. But
we come here impartial and disinterested, as
much so as the gentleman can be, taking the
facts as they came before the committee. This
bridge is one of the finest structures, not only
in America, but in the world. It cost over
five hundred thousand dollars, and the whole
purpose of the gentleman seems to be to tear
it down because it belongs to an incorporated
railroad company.
My friend says the House decided at the
last session that these bridges should be one
hundred and sixty feet span. Ay; and suppose
the gentleman from Illinois bad favored a
change during the war of the standard height
of enlisted men, would he therefore, because
of the increased height, discharge all the rest
of the men who had been taken into the service
whose height did not reach that standard ? Yet
that is the principle he proposes to apply to
this bridge case. Because Congress required
in anticipation of the fact that there might be
a time when that length of span would be re-
quired, he proposes to tear down this bridge
which has a span of less than one hundred and
sixty feet. I would say to that gentleman, Bide
your time, " sufficient unto the day is the evil
thereof.''
Let me say to the House that when this bridge
was being constructed the railroad company
whose road now passes over it were seeking
a terminus on the Missouri river, and they
employed engineers to examine and report
upon it. They reported that the draw of this
bridge, which is one hundred and twenty feet,
was then the widest span for a railroad bridge
known in the civilized world. Nowthese men,
knowing that fact, believed that it was all that
would be required. They built this bridge, a
structure so substantial and so permanent, re-
flecting such a credit on those who built it, that
it would be doing gross injustice to them, to
the country, and to the commerce thereof to
refuse that protection guarantied by the pro-
visions of this bill.
Mr. KUYKENDALL. I desire to ask the
gentleman whether this bridge was not built by
the permission of the States of Illinois and
Iowa?
Mr. FARQUHAR. I understand, from the
evidence, that the bridge was built by permis-
sion of the Legislature of the State of Illinois
and in conformity to the general law on the
subject of the State of Iowa. These gentlemen
came there and pursued the only legal course
marked out by law and constructed that bridge.
And now a word on the question of deten-
tion. I venture to say that no boat was ever
detained in passing through that bridge over
two or three minutes. There is no further
detention than that necessary. It is opened
by a steam-engine, and takes but two or three
minutes to open and close the draw.
The SPEAKER. The time yielded by the
gentleman from Massachusetts to the gentle-
man from Indiana has expired.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I ask the gentleman to
allow me a few moments more.
Mr. ALLEY. I cannot doit, because I have
promised to yield the floor to several other
gentlemen.
Mr. FARQUHAR. If the gentleman has
to break his promise, he may as well break it
in my favor. He told me that he would yield
me the control of the floor after calling the
previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from Massachusetts yield me the
floor for ten minutes ?
Mr. ALLEY. I will yield to the gentleman
for that time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am very
reluctant indeed to occupy the attention of the
House one moment longer nptm this bill, but it
is a public duty which I feel to be incumbent on
me to resist, by every means in my power, the
passage of this most iniquitous measure. I do j
not see why the gentleman from Indiana [Air. :
Fabquhar] should be surprised to find me in >
opposition to this measure. The gentleman ;
ought to know that he always finds me upon
the side of the people and against this out-
rageous legislation in favor of monopolies and
against the people. I am against everything
of this kind, and I submit to the House that
the gentleman from Indiana has not answered
the arguments which I submitted to the House.
I submit that he has traveled from the record
and talked about other things than the ques-
tion before the House. The gentleman from
Indiana, I suppose, was one of this junketing
party that went over this bridge, [Mr. Farqu-
har nodded assent,] and that he saw the bridge
and saw that it was an obstruction to naviga-
tion, and I am astonished that my honorable
friend, with his undoubted veracity and high
character, should here, in the face of this
House, undertake to say that this bridge, in
the light of the testimony of fifteen witnesses,
■is no obstruction. Sir, what was the testimony
before the committee? I have read it—against
the bridge the testimony of credible witnesses,
in a situation to know the facts, but on the
other side interested parties of men who have
a pecuniary interest in these measures, while
the great people who are interested are left
out in the cold and have no voice.
Now, as to my distinguished friend from New
York, [Mr. Davis,] who, in the first place,
wrote a similar bill, I understand that he is
directly interested in the passage of this bill,
being a stockholder in this company. I under-
stand that my distinguished friend from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Ames J has also an interest
somewhere in this direction; but I represent
no stockholders or railroad combinations, but
the people.
Mr. ALLEY. When the gentleman speaks
of a gentleman from Massachusetts as having
an interest in this matter, does he refer to me ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir.
Mr. D AYIS. When he alluded to the gentle-
man from New York did he refer to me?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I supposed
the gentleman from New York had an interest
in this bill.
Mr. DAVIS. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will tell him.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman can do it after my ten minutes expire.
I cannot allow him to interrupt me now.
Sir, considering the stupendous interest that
this corporation has, it is no wonder that after
this measure was defeated by fifteen or twenty
majority at the last session of Congress it has,
like the fabled Antseus, risen from its fall and
appeared here at this session. Sir, as Repre-
sentatives of the people we ought to interpose
our veto against a measure of this kind, but
alas! too often it is in vain.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Alley] has given us no reason why we should
make a discrimination in favor of this bridge
over every other bridge oil the river. None
can be given except the one to relieve the rail-
road companies from their liability to make it
conform to the requirements of other bridges.
We have said by our law that nobridge should
be built with a span of less than one hundred
and sixty feet, have we not? Then why make
an exception in this ease, unless it be at the be-
hest of this Albany corporation, the "Albany
Regency,'' and these railroad corporations?
Tell me why.
Mr. ALLEY. The bridge is already built.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman says the bridge is already built. Yes,
sir, they built a bridge which is an obstruction
to the navigation of the Mississippi, and they
know it. The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Fakqubab,] in reply to me, said I could give
no instance of this bridge acting as an obstruc-
tion to the navigation*of the Mississippi river.
I say to the gentleman that there have been
numerous instances in which, as I can prove
by incontrovertible testimony, this bridge, it is
estimated, has indirectly been a damage of
more than half a million dollars to the people
of the Northwest; that I know. And yet
because it is owned by these corporations, and
they have built a bridge which is an obstruc-
