1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We increased their jpay
last year twenty per cent., and it is a standing
increase.
Mr. YATES. With the consent of the Sen-
ate, I will modify my amendment by moving to
insert after the word "meters" in line eight-
eon the words '-the employes of the Senate
and House of Representatives whose salaries
do not exceed $1,500 per annum.
I offer this amendment because I happen to
know personally a good many clerks who have
families and who do good service, faithful and
efficient services. I think the amendment is
entirely proper. I think we ought not to dis-
criminate against this class of men. When
you have provided for the laborers and clerks
in every other Department, the Navy Depart-
ment, the War Department, the Paymaster
General's office, the Quartermaster General's
office, &c., I think this large class of men in
the employment of the Senate and House of
Representatives should not be overlooked.
We have been liberal to ourselves in increasing
our own pay; we have been providing for the
clerks and laborers in every other Department;
and I cannot see why there should be any dis-
crimination against this class. I believe I shall
ask for the yeas and nays upon the proposi-
tion.  
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope this amendment
will not be adopted. Every clerk and employe
about the Senate and 'he House receives now
twenty per cent, upon Ins salary, precisely the
same amount that we propose to pay to the
clerks and employes of the different Depart-
ments. This resolution only puts the clerks
and employes in the different Departments
upon the same footing with the clerks and em-
ployes about the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives. Now, to add twenty per cent, to
those whoso salaries are less than ยง1,500 and
exclude those whose salaries exceed $1,500
would be simply passing a law by which those
whose responsibilities are the least shall receive
the highest compensation, for it would put some,
of the persons who are engaged in unimportant
matters about the Senate above those who have
great responsibilities and arduous duties to per-
form. I hope that the amendment will not be
adopted.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Oregon
must be aware that there is a precedent for this.
We have already under the lead of the commit-
tee voted to pay certain cmploy6s of the Treas-
ury Department twice, and that is a very good
precedent to pay these employes twice. Fol-
lowing that precedent we ought to vote this.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does the Senator from
Kansas wish to give any persons forty per cent. ?
Mr. POMEROY. To follow the votes of the
Senate I must do it to be consistent.
^ Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to know if the
Senator wants to give any employes forty per
cent. ?
Mr. POMEROY. Many of the employes
of the Treasury Department have forty per
cent., and why should not our employ6s have
it also? I did not vote for that; but as the
precedent has been established in that case I
intend now to vote for this.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. CRAGHN. I propose to amend the
amendment in the seventeenth line by insert-
ing after the words " Treasury extension" the
words "watchmen employed in the Capitol
extension." There are nine of these watch-
men. One of them is employed in the archi-
tect's office, and is included in this resolution.
The other eight have precisely the same duties
to perform. Five of them are night watch-
men. They receive $2 50 per day. By the
resolution, I say again, the one in the archi-
tect's office will receive this twenty per cent.
He ij5 a night watchman. There are four others
precisely like him, night watchmen, who under
the resolution as it stands will not receive the
twenty per cent. I think if there are any ex-
ceptions made in the resolution this ought to
be one. They are men who work about four-
teen hoars per day.
1161
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose the same argu-
ment that would justify the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from New Hampshire
would justify an amendment including all the
workmen and laborers employed on the Capi-
tol and Treasury extensions. It is necessary
to confine this resolution to those who are
employed in t.he Departments and in the offices.
Now, it may so happen (because it is impossi-
ble in any bill to specify all the exceptions and
provide for every individual case) that by the
provisions of this, resolution one night watch-
man is included"while others are excluded;
but when you depart from the rule that this
appropriation shall be confined to the offices,
then you go to an extent that will embrace all
the workmen and laborers employed iu these
different kinds of business about the city of
Washington. The necessity of the case which
compels us to adhere to this rule requires the
Senate to oppose this amendment. These
watchmen, according to the statement of the
Senator, receive the same compensation, or
about the same compensation, that the laborers
and workmen do upon the Capitol and Treas-
ury extensions, and if they are to be paid the
additional compensation, then the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio ought to be adopted,
and all ought to be included.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I propose to amend
the amendment by inserting after the word
"meters" in the eighteenth line the words
''and the clerks at the Executive Mansion
whose annual compensation does not exceed
ยง1,800." I suggest this amendment simply
because of the clerks who are employed at the
Executive Mansion under the billjwhieh passed
at the last session some two or three, perhaps
three, were transferred, from the Treasury
Department. They were cleiks in the Treas-
ury Department at til,800, and they were trans-
ferred to the Executive Mansion at the same
salary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They were clerks in
the Treasury Department, but not at $1,800.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, at $1,800. Mr.
Sniffin is one, and I forgot the name of the
other. They were clerks in the Treasury De-
partment at $1,800, and were transferred to
the Executive Mansion at the same salary. If
they had remained at the Treasury Department
they would have had the benefit of the fund
that was appropriated, but by being transferred
to the Executive Mansion at least one of them
has been cut off from his proportion of the
$100,000 that was appropriated last year.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state to the Senate
what the persons employed about the Execu-
tive Mansion receive. The Private Secretary
receives $3,500 ; the assistant, $2,500 ; the
short-hand writer, $2,500; the clerk of par-
dons, $2,000; three clerks at $1,800; secre-
tary to sign land patents, $1,500; doorkeeper,
$1,000; messenger, $900; general service men
detailed to the President by the War Depart-
ment, $80 per month. These salaries, as it will
be seen, are large salaries. If there are three
clerks employed at the executive department
who were employed in the Treasury Department
at $1,800 a year, I suppose the greater honor
that they enjoy from belonging to the Executive
Mansion was sufficient inducement for them to
change. I presume the change was voluntary
on their part. They left the Treasury Depart-
ment and went into the employ of the Execu-
tive. If they had remained in the Treasury
they would have received the twenty per cent.,
but they now belong to the executive depart-
ment proper, and perhaps the honor of being
in that department is a sufficient equivalent
for the twenty per cent, which the Treasury
clerks receive. At any rate, I think their sal-
aries are very fair and reasonable and ought
not to be increased.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The remarks of the
Senator I think are not altogether just and
right. I do not propose to increase the salary
in any way of those persons whose salary was
fixed by the law of last year, who got the sal-
ary under that bill for the first time. Now, he
has read the salary of one officer at $3,500,
another at $2,500, and some at $2,000; but
there are three clerks that get $1,800 on this
same paper that he read from, and one gets
$1,500. Those are all that my amendment
would apply to. There is a doorkeeper and
also a messenger. The doqrkeoper gets $1,000
and the messenger $900. I propose to leave
them just where they are. But here are two
clerks who get $1,800, and one clerk $1,500;
and I want to provide for these two clerks at
$1,800, because they were transferred from a
Department where they would have had the
bcuefit of this resolution, and at least one of
them, with whom I am personally acquainted
and whom I esteem very much, was transferred
before the law in relation to the officers of the
Executive Mansion was passed. He was trans-
ferred by the Secretary of the Treasury to as-
sist the President because of the great pressure
of business at the Executive Mansion ; but he
was still a clerk in the Treasury Department.
I think when the distinguished Senator from
Maine was in the Department perhaps Mr.
Sniffin was at the Executive Mansion. I am
not sure just at what time he was assigned
to do duty there. Now, these three clerks
thus going into the Executive Mansion ought
not to be deprived of that which they would
have received had they remained in their De-
partment. My amendment only applies to
those three clerks.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. POLAND. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the word "now" in the
fifth line. It reads:
That there shall bo allowed and paid, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to the following described persons now employed in
tho civil scrviee at Washington.
This compensation, therefore, is only given
to those persons who are now, at the passage
of this resolution, in service in these different
Departments; but it goes back and reckons
this twenty per cent, upon their compensation
since the 30th day of June last. A very con-
siderable number of persons have been em-
ployed in these different Departments since the
30th of last June who are not now in service
there. Suppose that a man was employed for
six months following the 30th of June last and
was then dismissed from the Department for
some reason; another man is employed at the
same service and at the same salary during the
same six months and he is not dismissed from
the service; is there any justice in saying that
the one shall receive twenty per cent, upon his
salary during that period and the other not?
Atwsome time during the last fall, some months
after tho 30lh of June, there was a very con-
siderable change in the employes in several
of these Departments; and I believe it was
true, although it was probably accidental, that
those men who left the service about that time
were men who agreed in politics with the ma-
jority of this Congress; and by another sin-
gular accident those who took their places did
not. That perhaps makes no difference^ in
relation to the application of the rule of jus-
tice to the case, but it perhaps would make
some difference in tho feelings of gentlemen
in voting upon it.
But upon the justice of the thing itself, Mr.
President, if we go back to those who are now
in the service and reckon this twenty per cent,
upon their wages from tho 30tli of June for-
ward, is there any justice in saying that that
same per cent, of addition shall not be made
to those persons who were in service for some
time after the 30th of June and who have been
dismissed from the service before this time?
I can see no ground to make any distinction.
I think it ought to apply to all personswho
have been in service during this period of time ;
and that the man who served a fraction of a
year during the first portion of it is just as
much entitled to receive his pro rata allowance
from this additional compensation that is givon
as one who has served a fraction of the year
