186t
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1837
cable to all goods, wares, and merchandise
imported into the United States at any port
of entry and destined to the port of Albany.
That the Secretary of the Treasury may ex-
tend the privileges of the warehouse acts of
August 0, 1840, and March 28, 18-34, and the
regulations of the Treasury Department relat-
ing thereto, to the port of Albany.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and'
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to hear
some explanation of that bill before I vote for
it. Is it a proposition to make Albany a port
of entry?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; a port of de-
livery, the same as St. Louis; ana this is to
allow goods to arrive there in bond and pay
duties there the same as they do in St. Louis.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
pout of camden.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move now to take up
for consideration House bill No. 10G2.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 10i>2) relative to the port of Camden,
New Jersey, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
The port of Camden, in the State of New
Jersey, is by the bill annexed to the collection
district of Philadelphia, and an assistant col-
lector, to bo appointed in accordance with the
laws of the United States, is to reside at Cam-
den, who shall have power to enter and clear
vessels in like manner as the collector of Phil-
adelphia is authorized to do; but such assistant
collector shall nevertheless act in conformity
to such instructions and regulations as he shall
from time to time receive from the collector
of Philadelphia. The assistant collector is
to receive for his annual salary $1,500 in
full for all services to be by him performed,
and in lieu of commissions and fees. The
assistant collector is to be authorized to enroll
and license, according to the laws of the United
States, all vessels engaged in the coasting trade
and fisheries, owned in whole or in part by
residents of that portion of the Bridgeton dis-
trict lying north of Alloway's creek, in the
county of Salem, New Jersey ; and all such
enrollments and licenses shall be as valid and
effectual as if they had been effected in any
other port of the United States.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would respectfully ask
the committee whether that comes from the
Treasury Department? The collector at Phil-
adelphia heretofore has done the whole work.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is a mistake.
Mr. JOHNSON. I merely wish to know
whether the propriety of this measure is sug-
gested by the Secretary of the Treasury ?
Mr. CHANDLER. It is.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yery well.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
niagara siiip-canal.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R."
No. 344) to incorporate the Niagara Ship-
Canal Company.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator surely can- '
not hope to pass that bill to-night at this period ■
of the session. I presumed from the fact that I
he delayed calling it up so long that he would
scarcely call it up at all. It is a measure in-
volving $8,000,000 ; a proposition that will be
disputed and debated by the Senators from the
State of New York, in which the work is to be
buil' ; a proposition that involves the issuing \
of a large amount of bonds of the Government. |
It seems to me it ought .not to be taken up now.
To-morrow at one o'clock I shall have to ask
the Senate to take up the bill in regard to the
compound-interest notes—a question that ought
to be settled; it ought to have been settled be-
fore this. I trust the Senator will not press
this bill now. If he does, it will only lead to
debate and to a long session to-night, and there
is every probability of its being crowded off
to-morrow. We have now but five working
days in which to finish all the leading bills of
the session. It is utterly impossible, therefore,
that the Senator can expect to get favorable
action on this bill at this time. Under the cir-
cumstances I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is not debatable.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senator to
withdraw it.
Mr. SHERMAN.. I withdraw it for the pur-
pose of enabling the Senatpr to make an expla-
nation.
! Mr. CHANDLER. This is a bill in which
my constituents, as well as those of the Sena-
! tor from Ohio, have a very deep interest. I
want a test vote on it, and I am willing to have
that test vote on the question of taking it up.
I am exceedingly anxious to get a test vote
showing the strength of the bill in this body.
If that vote is had, and I am voted down, I
shall submit. I propose now that the vote on
taking up the bill by yeas and nays be re-
garded as a test vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. The question of taking it
up will be debated. I know Senators around
me will debate it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will not utter a syl-
lable.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am willing to make a
test vote of the motion to adjourn, if you choose.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is rather hard on
me at ten o'clock at night.
Mr. SHERMAN. I renew the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. FOWLER. I desire to make an appeal
to the Senator from Ohio. I have a small bill
on which I should like to have the action of the
Senate, and I am sure it will pass without
debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Discussion
is out of order unless the Senator from Ohio
withdraws his motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should be glad to oblige
the Senator, but it is rather too late to take up
bills now.
Mr. FOWLER. This is a little bill that I
desire to pass.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I withdraw my motion,
the Niagara ship-canal will come up.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will give way to allow the Senator from
Tennessee to call up his bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am willing to withdraw
the motion if the Senator from Michigan will
not press the canal bill, which will lead to an
interminable debate.
Mr. FOWLER. I believe he will not.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I withdraw my
motion.
Mr. FOWLER. I move to take up for con-
sideration Senate bill No. 557.
The PRESIDENTproiem^ore. That motion
is not in order. The motion of the Senator from
Michigan is before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I renew my motion
to adjourn.
The Senate refused to adjourn; there being
on a division—ayes 13, nays 18.
Mr. CHANDLER. Now I hope we shall
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 844.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion pending isto take up thatbill, and upon that
motion the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. LANE. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, let us have a test
vote on the Niagara ship-canal bill.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to; there
being on division—ayes 18, noes 19.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll, and
concluded the call.
Mr. BROWN. I had paired off on this vote,
but as I perceive the Senator with whom I paired
has voted I presume I had better do so. I vote
'' nay.''
Mr. WADE. I understood that my pair with
the Senator from Missouri was only in case he
was not present. I saw that he wa3 here, and
I therefore voted.
Mr. HENDRICKS, (who had voted in the
negative.) I forgot that the Senator from Cali-
fornia had paired me off with the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] who is confined to
his room by indisposition. I therefore ask
permission of the Senate to withdraw my vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no ob-
jection be made the vote of the Senator from
Indiana will be withdrawn.
The result was announced—yeas 19, nays
15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Conness, Doo-
little, Edmunds, Fogg, Fowler, liowc, Morrill. Po-
land, Pomeroy, ltainsey, Ross, Spraguc, Stewart,
Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Cowan, Cragin,
Creswell, Fessenden, Foster, Henderson, Lane, Mor-
gan, Norton, Saulsbury, Sherman, Willey, and Wil-
liams—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Davis, Dixon, Fro-
linghuysen, Grimes.Guthrie, Harris, Hendricks, How-
ard, Johnson, Kirkwood. McDougall, Nesmith, Nyo,
Patterson, Riddle, Van Winkle, and Yates—18.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
has been read, is in Committee of the Whole,
and the question is on the amendment to in-
sert as section twenty-eight the following:
Sec. 28. And be it further enacted. That this act
shall not take effect unless the Legislature of the
State of New York shall within two years from the
date hereof give its assent thereto.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I cannot at this time
enter into a debate on this proposition ; but I
regard the adoption of this amendment as fatal
to the commerce of this country and to the
intercourse of the nation from one State to the
other against the will of any particular State
that happens to choose to bar the passage
across it. I do hope the Senate will refuse to
adopt any amendment of this kind ; and upon
this amendment I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEWART. I certainly hope that this
section will be stricken out, because if the
States can obstruct commerce, and they have
got to be consulted about the removal of ob-
structions, I do not think the provision in the
Constitution that Congress may regulate com-
merce is worth a cent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is not on striking these words out, but on
putting them into the bill on the recommenda-
tion of the Committee on Commerce. The
question is, Shall this amendment reported by
the committee be adopted ?
Mr. MORGAN. That amendment was
adopted at the last session, as I understand.
Mr. HOWE. No; you are mistaken.
Mr. MORGAN. I should like to have the
Chair, or the Clerk state what the record is,
whether that amendment has not been adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is advised that the amendment reported by the
committee proposed a period of one year in the
bill. An amendment to that was moved to
strikeout " oneyear" and insert in lieu thereof
"two years," and that amendment was made.
The question now is on the amendment as
amended. On that no vote of the Senate has
been taken.
Mr. MORGAN. What do I understand to
be the motion of the Senator from Vermont?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No motion at all. That
amendmentas it nowstands for two years never
having been agreed to, my suggestion was that
I hoped the Senate, as representing the com-
merce of this nation, never would agree to such
an amendment.
Mr. MORGAN. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from Vermont to object to one year or
two?
Mr. EDMtTNDS. I object to it entirely.
Mr. MORGAN. Very well. Mr. President,
this is a proposition for Congress to create a
corporation to enter into the State of New York
and construct a canal. I should like to ask the
Senator from Vermont if he can point me to
any cass in th« history of this country where
