898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
est of the people; and when he dies the peo-
ple's advocate will hare gone to
"That bourne whence no traveler returns."
! Sir, there are a few people other than those
in'Galena'who are interested-in: this matter.
Thereare a few people-bo® .east and west of
tteS; 'Mississippi who ate' interested in having
this continent spanned by-railroads, so that the
Atlantic and the Pacific regipns may be bound
together by band.s.df iron, if you stop them at
the Mississippi river what will the people East
and West do;fpr a convenient means of com-
munication across the continent ? Faith with-
out works is dead; and a railroadj across the
continent without bridges across the rivers is
almost-useless at some seaspns -of the.yeari
Arid-1 venture to say,-that if to-day you were
Standing upon the -banks of the Mississippi
river you might remain there shivering unable
to get -across if there were no bridges. The
steamboats cannot run, and the ice is not a safe
means of transit; and without a bridge there
would be a complete suspension of railroad
communication, or of any other kind.
This Clinton bridge differs from the Rock
Island bridge in this respect: the Clinton' bridge
stands in dead water, while the other bridge
stands in swift water. This bridge at Clinton
stands with the piers parallel with the channel,
as the engineers- testify'; and as the best and
strongest argument to the House in favor of
the passage of this bill I will say that for all
the years this bridge has stood there not a
single dollar of damage by it has been brought
into the courts for adjudication ; and so far as
I am aware no damage has been sustained from
it up to this time. If there had been, no man
upon this floor would be more willing than I
would be to remove it or to so change it that
it would: not be an obstruction.
Now, I was not one of the junketing party
to-which the1 gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washborne] has referred ;- nor do I come
within the argument of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schekck,] and which he illustrated
by reference to some Miami bridge. I do.not
own any stock in this Clinton bridge or in any
railroad connected with it, directly or indirectly.
So I am clear of all those insinuations. _ If
there was a bridge over the Misissippi river
-which impeded the navigation of it I would
be in favor of its removal. And I shall ask
this House before Congress adjourns to make
an appropriation to clear out the lower rapids
of the grandest river in the world, so as to
remove what is now one of the greatest obstruc-
tions to ita navigation. This bridge is no
obstruction to its navigation, and therefore this
bill ought to pass.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division, there were
—ayes twelve; noes not counted.
- Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, said: I call
for tellers upon ordering the yeas and nays. I
hope gentlemen are not afraid to place them-
selves upon the record. Let us see who are in
favor of monopolies and who are against them.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Washburne,
of Illinois, and Mr. Alley were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes thirty; noes not counted.
So, one fifth voting in the affirmative, the
yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I rise to a question
of privilege. I was a member of the board of
directors that ordered the construction of this
bridge. In order to secure its construction
we had to issue bonds, and I am the owner
of some of those bonds. Now, as some may
regard that as a clear case of interest I ask that
I maybe excused from voting; and I hope
every other member who may be interested will
do the same thing.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the member
from Illinois [Mr. Wbntworth] be excused
from voting upon this bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I will say that if I am
compelled to vote I will vote for the bill.
The motion of Mr. Thayer was agreed to ;
and Mr. Wentworth was accordingly excused
from voting.
The question recurred upon the passage of
the bill; and being taken, it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 101, nays 43, not voting 47 ;
as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Alley,- Ames, Ancona, James M.
Ashley, Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman. Bergen, Bidwell,
Bingham, Boutwell, Boyer, Broomall, Buckland,
Buiidy. Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Cooper, Cul-
ver, Dawes, Defrees, Delano, Dixon, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eldridge, Farnsworth. Far-
auhar, Ferry, Garfield. Glossbrenner.Grinnell, Hart,
Henderson, Higby, Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Bern as
Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Edwin N. Ilubbeli,
James R. Hubbell, Humphrey. Hunter, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Kerr, Koonti, kuykendall,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lc Blond,
Longyear, Lynch, Marston, Maynard, McKee, Mc-
Ruer, Mercuv, Miller, Morrill, Myers, Niblack, Nich-
olson, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham,
Plants, Price, Radford, Raymond, John H. Rice,
Ritter, Rogers, Rollins, Sawyer, Scofield, Sitgreaves,
Spalding, Strouse, Taber, Nelson Taylor. Thayer,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Warner, William B. Washburn, Welker, Whaley,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom. and Winfield—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Baker, Benjamin,
Bromwell, Campbell, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Cul-
lom. Dawson, Deming, Denison, Fin'ck, Griswold,
Aaron Harding, Abner C. Harding, Hawkins, Hise,
Hogan, Chester D. Hubbard, Johnson, Kelso, Ket-
cham, Latham, Leftwich, Loan, Marvin, McClurg,
Noel], Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall, Ross,
Shanklin, Stokes. Nathaniel G. Taylor, John L.
Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Andrew H. Ward,
Hamilton Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, Williams, and
James F.Wilson—43. _ , ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Banks, Barker, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Conk-
ling, Darling, Davis, Dumont, Eggleeton, Eliot,
Goodyear, Hale, Harris, Hayes. Hotchkiss, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Hulburd. Jones, Kelley, Laflin. Mar-
shall, McCullough, Mclndoe, Moorhead, Morris,
Moulton, Newell, Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Alexander
H. Rice, Rousseau, Schenok, Shellabarger, Sloan,
Starr, Stevens, Stilwell, Francis Thomas, Robert T.
Van Horn, Henry D.Washburn, Wentworth, Wood-
bridge, and Wright—47.
So,the bill was'passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. THAYER said: I desire to announce
that my colleague, Mr. Kelley, is absent, by
leave of the House, on business of the Naval
Committee.
When the call of the roll was concluded,
Mr. DAVIS said: I wish to ask to be excused
from voting.
The SPEAKER. That request should have
been made before the roll-call had commenced.
It is too late now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. On what
ground does the gentleman desire to be excused?
Mr. DAVIS. On this ground: that though
I am not interested in this bill, yet as I was
not allowed an opportunity to answer the ques-
tion put to me by the gentleman from Illinois
I have not been able to explain that I have no
interest.
The result of the vote was then announced
as above stated.
Mr. SAWYER moved to reconsider the vote
Just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. McDonald, its Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that that body had passed House bill
No. 380, to fix the times for the regular meet-
ing of Congress, with an amendment.
Also, House bill No. 508, to amend the
organic acts of the Territories of Nebraska,
Colorado, Dakota, Montana, Washington,
Idaho, Arizona, Utah, and New Mexico, with
amendments, in which amendments he was
directed to request the concurrence of the
House.
Also, a bill (S. No. 494) for the relief of the
Winona and St. Peters Railroad Company,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
COMMITTEE ON TIIE MILITIA.
The SPEAKER announced the appoint-
ment of Messrs. Banks and Van Aernam to
fill vacancies upon the Committee on the
Militia.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER announced as the first busi-
ness in- order after the morning hour the
consideration of the joint, resolution (H. R.
No. 224) giving additional compensation to
certain employes in the civil service at Wash-
ington.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a privileged motion, and move to proceed to
business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to; there being—
ayes 61, noes 48..
MEETINGS 05 CONGRESS.
The first business on the Speaker's table was
Senate amendment to the bill (H. R. No. 830)
to fix the times for the regular meetings of
Congress.
The amendment was read as follows:
Strike out all of section two after the enacting
clause and insert in lieu thereof the following:
That no person who was a member of the pre-
vious Congress shall receive, any compensation as
mileage for going to or returning from the additional
session provided for by the foregoing section."
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move that the
House non-concur in the amendment. As I
understand, it allows constructive mileage.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Well, I would like
to understand the effect of the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
part proposed to be stricken out.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section seventeen of the act approved July
28, 1866, entitled "An act making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30,1867, and for other purposes." be so
amended that no Senator or Representative in Con-
gress who has been a member of the Congress next
immediately preceding shall receive any allowance
for mileage for traveling to the place of meeting to
attend such additional session provided for in the
foregoing section.
Mr. WENTWTORTH. As I understand, the
House bill provided against constructive mile-
^e. The Senate amendment, if I understand
"ifeorrectly, allows constructive mileage.
A Member. Oh, no; it prohibits it.
Mr. WENTWORTH. If that is the fact, I
.have nothing further to say.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. WARD, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was
concurred in ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SUFFRAGE IN TIIE TERRITORIES.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
508) entitled "An act to amend the organic
acts of the Territories of Nebraska, Colorado,
Dakota, Montana, Washington, Idaho, Ari-
zona, Utah, and New Mexico."
The amendments were read, as follows:
Strike out all of the bill after the enacting nlause
and insert the following:
That from and after the passage of this act there
shall be no denial of the elective franchise in any of
the Territories of the United States, now or hereafter
to be organized, to any citizen thereof on account of
race, color or previous condition of servitude; and
all acts or parts of acts, either of Congress or the Legis-
lative Assemblies of said Territories, inconsistent with
the provisions of this act, aro hereby declared null
and void.   , , „ .
Amend the title of the bill so as. to read. An act
to regulate the elective franchise in the Territories
of the United States."
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move that the
House concur in the amendments of the Sen-
ate; and on that motion I call the previous
question. . ,,
Mr. ALLISON. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Territories [Mr.
Ashley, of Ohio,] whether or not the provis-
ions of this bill, if it becomes a law^will apply
to the Territories of Colorado and Nebraska,
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Yes, sir; while
Territories it will apply to them. I now insist
on the call for the previous question.
The previous question vraa seconded and
the main question ordered.
