1162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
during the last half of it. If there is any
ground to make any distinction between the
two, I presume the gentleman having charge
of that resolution can tell us what it is; I am
not able to see it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no doubt that the
resolution in its present form will operate with
hardship in some individual cases. Every gen-
tleman seems to suppose that the resolution
must necessarily provide for every individual
case within his knowledge. There must be
some rule on this subject. This appropria-
tion must be confined to persons now in the
employ of the Government, or it must extend
to persons who are not in the employ of
the Government. It may be if the word
"now" is stricken out of the resolution,
and it is made applicable to all persons who
have been in the employ of the Government
since the commencement of the present fiscal
year, that some persons who have been dis-
charged for misconduct in office will receive
this twenty per cent, upon their salaries. I
suppose that some persons have been dis-
charged from the different Departments on
account of their political views or opinions,
but I am perfectly satisfied that the number is
very limited, and that it is not necessary to
change this resolution and make it embrace
persons who are outside of the city of Wash-
ington and elsewhere in the country for the sake
of meeting some such cases. It would devolve,
it seems to me, great trouble upon the Depart-
ment to find out where these persons were,
and the circumstances under which they were
discharged, and when they were discharged.
It would tend very much, in my judgment, to
embarrass the proceedings under this resolu-
tion. I hope, Uicrefbre, that the amendment
will not be adopted.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ofiferan amendment,
to add as an additional section the following:
And be it further enacted. That all acts or parts of
acta heretofore passed authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to apportion or distribute among the
clerks oi his Department any sum of money by way
of additional pay or compensation, are hereby re-
pealed; and atlor the passage ot this act no money
shall bo p.lid to any officer, clorls, or cmploy6 of tho
treasury Department except such as maybe fixed by
law.
Mr. CONNESS. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator whether it would not be well, if there is
a balance of the fund, to provide in this section
for its being paid back into the Treasury'!
Mr. FESSENDEN. It goes back as a mat-
ter of course.
Mr. CONNESS. If it goes back by course
ol huv it is all right.
Mr. HENDERSON. My view in presenting
tho amendment is this: 1 believe there "were
$250,000 appropriated at one session for this
purpose and $100,000 at another, making
$110,000. I find from the report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury that he has distributed
$310,000 of that money, leaving $100,000 yet
unused. Now, if we undertake to say what
the compensation of the clerks shall be, and
fix: it by law, [ think it is altogether proper
that we take the power away from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to have any charge made
against him of favoritism. I make no such
charge; but I know perfectly well that if we
now fix the compensation, (he Secretary of the
J reasury may increase it if he sees proper. 1
think it is proper for us to fix it, now that we
have the subject before us. and if the addition
now proposed is not sufficient let us increase
it to an amount that is sufficient. I think this
amendment ought to be adopted.
•ii i I hope this amendment
will be adopted. I voted against the appro-
propnation of $160,000 to enable the Secretary
of the I reasury to do what was supposed to be
justice to the clerks in his Department. I
was satisfied then that one of the purposes'for
which the money was asked was political. I
think the money has not been expended with-
out a view in many eases to that purpose. At
all events, as we are now establishing a new
rate of compensation for the clerks in the dif-
ferent Departments, I think we may as well
repeal that act of 1866 so far as the remaining
balance is concerned.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think, if I understood
the proposed amendment, there is no objection
to it. I should like to hear it read once more.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN.' I have some doubt as
to whether the last clause had not better be
left out. He is obliged io employ additional
clerks, and it may apply to them.
Mr. HENDERSON. It,does not affect
them at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I had some doubt
about it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I thought of that. I
am satisfied that it will not interfere with the
additional clerks that may be appointed by the
Secretary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the last clause be
read again. I do not think it adds any strength
to the section.
The Secretary read the last clause of the
amendment, as follows:
And after the passage of this act no money shall
bo paid to any officer, clerk, or employe ot the Treas-
ury Department except such as may be fixed bylaw.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest that the words
as additional compensation," or something
of that sort, be inserted. I do not think the
last clause necessary. The first portion, re-
pealing this authority, is sufficient.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am not particular
about the language. The Senator sees what I
am aiming at. I think the amendment accom-
plishes it. If the Secretary appoints an addi-
tional clerk he is authorized by law to classify
him; he is put either in the first, second, third,
or fourth class, and when he is classified his
compensation is fixed by law of course.
Mr. HOWARD, This amendment simply
takes away from the Secretary the power of
granting favors and exercising his discretion
in the compensation of his clerks.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is all.
Mr. HOWARD. And returns to the Treas-
ury the balance which remains of the appro-
priation of $100,000. I think it is high time
we did as much as that at least.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have another amend-
ment to offer, to come in after " 1866," inline
twenty-two :
In all cases where said persons now receive an an-
nual compensation or payof less than81,800; in eases
where they rcceive not less than $1,800, and not
exceeding $2,500, they shall receivo an additional
compensation of fifteen percent.; and in cases whore
they receive more than $2,500 and not exceeding
i.poo, they shall receive an additional compensation
of ten per cent, as aforesaid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would not attempt
to grade them.
Mr. HENDERSON. I may be wrong in
this,_ but I think not. The first-class clerks
receive $1,200; second-class clerks, $1,400;
third-class, $1,600; fourth-class, $1,800; chief
clerks of bureaus, $2,000 ; Auditors, $3,000 ;
and^ assistant heads of Departments, $3,500.
If Senators will take up the report which has
been referred to by the Senator from Oregon,
(House Executive Document No. 30,) they
will find that clerks of the first and second
classes have had given to them about one hun-
dred dollars extra compensation, and the clerks
of the third and fourth class and the chief clerks
have received from three hundred to seven hun-
dred and fifty dollars each. The chief clerks,
who receive $2,000 salary, have generally re-
ceived from six hundred and seventy-five to
seven hundred and fifty dollars each extra. It
may be that they are perfectly entitled to it;
it may be altogether right and proper that they
should have it,; it may have been given entirely
on account ot merit; but if my amendment be
adopted it will work perfect justice, in my judg-
ment, among these clerks, or very nearly so.
Take the head of a bureau who has received
an annual compensation of $3,500 and also
an extra compensation of $1,000. Under this
resolution he will receive $700 more, being
twenty per cent, on liis salary, making his
compensation for the year $5,200," whereas a
first-class clerk, who receives $1,200, will get
his twenty per cent, making $1,440, a second-
class clerk will get his twenty per cent., making
him a compensation of $1,680, and a. third-
class clerk will receive an additional compen-
sation of twenty per cent., giving liim $1,920;
and these th ee classes have already received
nothing extra except $100, while the gentle-
men who received the largest compensation,
salaries of from $2,000 to $3,500, have gene-
rally received from $450 to $750 extra. They
have all received their twenty per cent., and I
propose to allow them ten per cent, additional
still.
Take the case of a chief clerk with $2,000
annual salary who has received $750 extra
compensation. He will get under this reso-
lution $400 more, making his compensation for
the year $3,150; whereas a first-class clerk
has received but $100 extra, and many of them
not a cent, and some of the second-class clerks
have received nothing and some only $100.
Thus the first and second class clerks will re-
ceive very little more than their regular salaries,
while the chief clerks will receive $3,150.
This may be just, but it does not strike me so.
My impression is that inasmuch as the men
who get the larger salaries have received the
larger portion of the extra compensation fund,
we ought to scale the percentage that we grant
under the provisions of this resolution. Dnless
we do so, the result is to give them a very large
compensation, larger in my judgment than we
ought to give, and larger than we design to give.
i offered my first amendment for the purpose
of preventing any charge of favoritism arising
hereafter, and really for the purpose of pre-
venting the Secretary of the Treasury from
paying to the well-paid clerks a larger com-
pensatio.n, and making the aggregate amount
to $5,500 or $6,000, as he might do and proba-
bly would do if we were to carry out the same
policy adopted last year. I think the amend-
ment I now offer is but just. It is certainly
right to those men who scarcely receive com-
pensation enough to support themselves and
families that they should get a larger propor-
tion of this fund. I think those individuals who
last year received six or seven hundred dollars
extra compensation each can very well afford
to take the ten per cent, which I propose.
Mr. FESSENDEN,- My idea is that we shall
only get ourselves into difficulty if we attempt
to make any distinctions or grades. The com-
mittee went on the idea that it was best to give
twenty per cent, to all except those whose
offices have been recently created, and whose
salaries have lately been increased. The Treas-
urer, by a recent law, gets $6,500, and the
Comptroller of the Currency $5,000. This res-
olution does not apply to them, but to those
who get $8,500 and less. The committee
thought it was not worth while to make any
distinction between those whom the resolution
covers, and that the result of it would be only
to get us into difficulty. Let me say to the
Senator from Missouri that those whose sal-
aries are $3,500, if they get just as much as he
says^ they do, would not be paid more in pro-
portion according to the value of their services,
considering what kind of men they are and what
they do, than the $1,200 clerks or the $1,400
clerks. You cannot expect to pay a boy what
you pay a man.
Mr. HENDERSON. They are not boys.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Many of the SS 1,200
clerks are boys under age ; and they are getting
more there than they could get anywhere else.
It is true, there are some individuals of that
class, men of families, who may notgetenoogh ;
but as a general rule that class of clerks are
paid better, and will be paid better under this
resolution in proportion to the service they
render than those who get larger salaries. I
think I may say 1 know that, l think we shall
only get ourselves into difficulty by attempting
to make these different grades of percentage.
1 hope the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think the honorable
Senator from Missouri has left out of view in
