1840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
in the States is worth that, [snapping his fin-
gers.] The old charter of the United States
Bank was only sustained upon the ground that
it was chartered for the purpose of being a
fiscal agent for the Government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Has not the Supreme
Court recognized these tanks?
Mr. COU'AN. I know nothing about that.
I never knew the question had been started
whether they have recognized them or not;
but the Supreme Court recognizing an institu-
tion when there is no question before them
as to ita authority is not very much guide for
the law. When the question comes up as to
the right of the Federal Government to thrust
itself into the States and create banks and
corporations for the purpose of banking there,
and not for the purpose of making them fiscal
agents of this Government, not necessary for
the collection and disbursement of revenue—
when that question comes up and the Supreme
Court decides it in the affirmative, then I will
agree that the law is settled on that point.
That has been the difficulty I have had with
national banks from the outstart; and you run
into the same series of difficulties, you iuvolve
the country in the same troubles, by that sys-
tem, except to a smaller extent, that you do
by incorporations which have for their object
the creation simply of common carriers.
Mr. President, if we desire to preserve the
Union, if we desire to preserve harmony
among the States and preserve their rights,
their right to govern theii; own internal con-
cerns, which I believe never was denied on
the part of anybody, and if that is essential to
the maintenance of the Union, then we should
be exceedingly careful about things of this
kind. When you get into a controversy with
the great State of New York, with its lour or
five million inhabitants, when your sovereignty
comes to clash with that, and you find Penn-
sylvania and other great States, such as Ohio,
backing New York, you may have more diffi-
culty in preserving this Union than you had
in coercing the South into sustaining it.
These are things to make wise men pause,
to make them hesitate, and make them be
exceedingly careful before they set their foot
down to know that it is on firm ground. I think
this time of national excitement, this time when
all is turbid water and nobody is able to see
very clearly, is not the time to adventure upon
a usurpation of this kind, however much the
work may be necessary, however much it would
be policy evfn, if you please, that the national
Government should expend its money and
make a gratuitous work of it. That is an en-
tirely different thing. I suppose the State of
New York would have no objection to that; I
suppose she would waive perhaps her right to
tax any gratuitous effort that was made by the
General Government to get around the falls
there ; but 1 am very certain tkat she will never
give up the right to tax any corporation you
may put there; and I am very certain she will
never, when she understands it, give up the
right of her courts to control that corporation;
nor would she have any right to do it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, it is so
long since I studied the law of common carriers
that I cannot exactly understand the full force
of the argument of the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania—it is so long since I thought that
had anything to do with great public law. The
law of common carriers may be very well from
Beading to Philadelphia in the carrying of coal
and iron; but the law of common carriers does
not govern the relations of our inter-States and
inter-nations. The authority for doing this is
in this simply: that it is a great question of
national interest, not involving the State of
New York as a specialty. New York has but
little to do with it; it comes from Lake Supe-
rior ; it comes from all the rivers that flowinto
Lake Superior; it comes from Lake Michigan;
it comes from Lake Huron; it comes trom
Lake Erie; it comes from all the country that
has an outflow into the St. Lawrence, on our
great northern lines; and the enterprise is
altogether national.
The Senator from Pennsylvania is laboring
under the difficulty that a Senator from South
Carolina once did—an illustrious man now
gone to his fathers. He did not know that
there was such a river as the Mississippi until
he was invited with great earnestness to go out
to the great convention held at Memphis. He
(for he was of illustrious fame) was chosen as
president of that convention, and he came
back to the Senate of the United States and
organized a committee here in this body and
made a report, and he found out that the Mis-
sissippi was a great sea, and his entire idea of
policy as to how improvements should be made
within the lines of our continent had been
changed. He changed them, and Mr. Cal-
houn's report to the Senate was probably a
retreat equal to the retreat of Xenophon, or
Moreau out of the Black Forest. The Senator
from Pennsylvania may have occasion to find
when he has not only crossed the Alleghanies,
but crossed the Mississippi, that he has many
things to learn that have not yet come within
the range of his immediate comprehension.
Sir, this work is one which should have been
accomplished long since. In the hands of any
other Government it would have been done.
1 The objection to it as a question of constitu-
! tional law cannot be enforced by any one. It
is a great work required by the Government
for great public purposes, and it is inter-State
and international both. It is a long time since
that we have learned, and most students have
learned, that we have to accomplish these great
works by the united force' of the united Gov-
ernment. I do not know of any enterprise
that is more demanded of the united Govern-
ment of the States of North America than this
work now, to make a pathway from the lakes
to the Atlantic on our own soil. England
started long in advance of us. We have not
even stepped upon her footpaths. It is no
honor to us that we have failed so long to make
this pathway to the ocean.
As for the question of constitutional law, in
discussing constitutional law we should remem-
ber that the Constitution is not all written in
words. It was organized in the minds of men.
It is to be understood and comprehended by a
larger sense than the mere form of words.
Our right to give organization to this enter-
prise, to give it birth and strength and life is
as unquestionable as anything that belongs to
congressional legislation.
Mr. MORGAN. I think it is late enough
for the Senate to adjourn. It is for the Sen-
ate to determine whether they will adjourn or
not. It is now near eleven o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator make a motion?
Mr. MORGAN. If Senators wish to adjourn,
I should be glad to do so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator -will
allow me, I wish to give notice that I shall be
obliged to-morrow to call up the Army appro-
priation bill. The bills left unfinished that
require the action of the Finance Committee
are that bill, the miscellaneous appropriation
bill, which has been sent to us and which the
committee must take up to-morrow, and the
tax bill, upon which the committee must enter
at once. It will be impossible, in my judg-
ment, unless we go on with these bills imme-
diately, straightforward, to get through or
begin to get through with the business of the
session. It is for the Senate to jndge how long
a time they will spend in debating this bill,
and what is to be done with it. The bills I
have mentioned must take precedence if the
Senate mean to complete the work of the
session.
Mr. HOWE. Let us have a vote on this
bill now.
Mr. MORGAN. I shall not press the Sen-
ate to adjourn ; but if they conclude to go on
with this bill I must read a communication
that I have here from the comptroller of the
State of New York. I read it for the purpose
of showing that the views I entertain on this
subject are entertained by the financial officers
of the government of New York.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will give
way I will make a motion to adjourn. We
ought not to weary ourselves out now, as we
shall have so much to do this week.
Mr. MORGAN. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
" The motion was agreed to ; there being, on
a division—ayes 15, noes 14; and (at ten
o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.) the Sen-
ate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 26, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. Justin D. Fulton, D. D.,
of Boston, Massachusetts.
On motion by Mr. ANTHONY, and by
unanimous consent, the reading of the Journal
of yesterday was dispensed with.
congressional printer.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the election of a Congressional
Printer.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the rule
which requires the election of officers of the
Senate to be made by ballot be dispensed with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can be
dispensed with by unanimous consent. No
objection being made, that rule is dispensed
with.
Mr. ANTHONY. I nominate John D. De-
frees, of Indiana, for Congressional Printer.
The nomination was agreed to.
credentials.
Mr. FOGG presented the credentials of Hon.
James W. Patterson, elected a Senator by
the Legislature of the State of New Hampshire
for the term of six years, commencing on the
4th day of March, 1867 ; which were read, and
ordered to be filed.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memorial of the Legislature of Wisconsin, in
favor of an appropriation to improve the har-
bor at Pere Marquette, in the State of Mich-
igan ; which was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the central
executive committee of the Een. Butler Re-
publican clubs of New Orleans, Jefferson, Al-
giers, and Gretna, Louisiana, recommending
Hon. R. King Cutler for provisional governor
of that State; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a petition of
the National Bank Note Company of New York,
praying that the Postmaster General may be
authorized to settle their accounts with the
Post Office Department upon a just and equit-
able basis ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. LANE presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Indiana, in favor of the equal-
ization of soldier's bounties; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. YATES presented the petition of Mrs.
M. E. Estabrook, whose deceased husband
was captain of company D, seventh regiment
Illinois volunteers, praying to be allowed a
pension; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN presented a peti-
tion of officers and members of the New Jer-
sey Historical Society, praying that the his-
torical library of Peter Force may be pur-
chased by the Government; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. POMEROY presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of the
establishment of certain mail routes in that
State ; which were referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL presented a memorial of the
Maine Historical Society, praying that the his-
torical library of Peter Force may be purchased
