1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1165
ging," in which my colleague has performed a
very conspicuous part.
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot yield to the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Lb Bloxd] if he takes
this occasion to lecture his colleague.
Mr. LE BLOND. Yery well; if the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts will yield to niy
colleague that he may interpose a proposition
of this kind he must expect that I shall reply
in the same spirit.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr, Spaldinc] rose
to a question of order. He did not-appeal to
any one except the Chair.
Mr. LE BLOND. The Chair will permit
me with all respect to say that my colleague
appealed to the gentleman from Massachusetts
to cut me off.
But, Mr. Speaker, I desire tocontinue my
statement of the reasons why this bill should
not be hurried through. As I was remarking,
this Reconstruction Committee has reported
no legislation on this subject that has met
the approval of the majority of this House.
If that committee has been permitted to go on
in this way through the last session and the
principal part of this without producing any-
thing for the good and harmony of the coun-
try, that is no reason, no excuse, no apology
to justify the majority, at the very close almost
of this Congress, in thrusting upon the House
a proposition that ignores States, subverts civil
government, and subverts the Constitution.
Legislation of this sort cannot be justified or
excused on the ple^that the session has nearly
expired, and that some action is necessary.
Mr. ELIOT. I resume the floor.
Mr. LE BLOND. Very good; then let him
move the previous question.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, I have been
hoping to hear some suggestion instead of an
argument. I am desirous of having this re-
conciled, and it seems as though I meet with
obstacles from one side and the other. Will
gentlemen be good enough to say what they
want ?
Mr. LE BLOND. I will tell the gentleman,
and he might have inferred it from what I have
said; leave the bill open so there may be
reasonable debate on the proposition, before
you move the previous question, and thus give
the minority a chance.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 call on the gentleman to
state what time he wants. In view of the short
existence of the session and the pressure of
business, I ask what time they think is required?
Mr. LE BLOND. I will state to the gentle-
man 
Mr. ELIOT. I yield to my colleague on
the committee.
Mr. BOYER. I simply desire to suggest
to my colleague and to the members of this
House, on a matter so important, involving
the very existence of a State and the continu-
ance of a State constitution, that we should
pause until the reports which have been made
by the committee, of which the gentleman from
Massachusetts is chairman, have been printed
and the House has had an opportunity to read
them. I desire to inquire of my colleague how
it happens gentlemen on the other side seem
to be so well posted in reference to the facts
involved in this question and the merits of the
government of Louisiana so they are ready
without debate to give their decision? I desire
to ask whether my colleague knows the testi-
mony taken by the committee in this case has
been privately printed and also privately cir-
culated among the Republican members of the
House?
Mr. PIKE. No.
Mr. BOYER. Yes, sir; so that they have
had an opportunity to "post" themselves and
to get the version of facts known to my col-
leagues on^he committee, while my associates
on this side have been denied that privilege.
Mr. ELIOT. Let me answer that question
right here. No such thing has been done. The
gentleman has had all the opportunity any one
has had to see all the evidence in print and
manuscript. There has beon nothing done he
is not aware of; nothing taken from the Print-
ing Office except what has gone to him as well
as to me.
Mr. BOYER rose.
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot have this kind of in-
terrogation at this stage of the case upon the
floor between a member of the committee and
myself.
Mr. BOYER. . I simply desire to correct my
colleague.
Mr. ELIOT. I resume the floor.
Mr. BOYER. My colleague misapprehends
me entirely in supposing I sought for any infor-
mation. I am entirely "posted" in reference
to the facts of this case ; but I should like to
have an opportunity of discussing those facts
before the House.
Mr. ELIOT. What time does the gentleman
want? I am trying to find out how much time
is wanted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman yield
to me ?
Mr. ELIOT. If I can get an answer, with
pleasure.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We do not want unrea-
sonable time to debate this bill. As I under-
stand from those around me we want to debate
it fairly and fully, to have a fair and reasona-
ble opportunity to debate.
Mr. ELIOT. How long?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Until the subject seems
to have been exhausted. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELIOT. That is altogether too much.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No one can say exactly
how much.
Mr. BOYER. The House will always have
within its own control the power to put air end
to the debate, and why not then throw the de-
bate open until the House in its judgment
shall see fit to close it?
Mr. LE BLOND. 1 want to say a word.
Mr. ELIOT. If the gentleman will give
me an answer I will yield.
Mr. LE BLOND. As the gentlemat\from
Pennsylvania has already said, the majority of
this House has the power to close the debate
when in their judgment it has progressed a
sufficient length of time, and put the bill on its
passage. That is sufficient ior us on this side
to say now. It may take to-day and to-mor-
row ; it may take only to-day ; but leave it
open and let debate go on until the House in
its judgment shall say it has gone far enough
and the debate should be closed.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, I have tried to
get an answer, but 
Mr. FINCK. I propose to the gentleman
that this debate go on till to-morrow at four
o'clock, and then close.
Mr. ELIOT. That is utterly out of the
question.
Mr. LE BiLOND. Will the gentleman say
why it is out of the question?
Mr. ELIOT. Because there is not sufficient
time at this stage of the session to do that and
do justice to the other business of the House.
The state of the business demands more speedy
action.
Mr. LE BLOND. That is what the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction and the gentleman
from Massachusetts ought to have considered
long ago.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, having_ tried in
vain to obtain a reasonable proposition from
the other side, I will say to the gentlemen that
I do not intend to call the previous question for
two hours; but at the expiration of two hours
I propose to do it. During that time I think
gentlemen will find no difficulty, if they will
be brief, in expressing all their views for and
against the bill.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman de-
sire to have it understood that two hours for
debate is to be given to those who are opposed
to the bill ?
Several Members. Yes, yes.
Mr. ELIOT. I understand it to be the
desire on this side of the House that the minor-
ity should have the whole of the time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair then recog-
nizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Bo^sb,] the minority of the committee, as
entitled to the floor,
, Mr. ELIOT. Allow me to ask what will be
the effect of a motion to recommit the bill?
The SPEAKER. It will be to prevent
further amendment.
Mr. ELIOT. I now make that motion.
Mr. BAKER, Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts-yield for a suggestion ?
The SPEAKEB. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Botes] has the floor.
Mr, STEVENS. I hop-e my colleague [Mr.
Boyer] having the floor, will move to post-
pone this till to-morrow, for the purpose of
going on in the mean time with the bill which
was unfairly thrust aside to take up this.
The SPEAKER. Does tha gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Boxer] yield to allow a
suggestion from the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Baker,] to the chairman of the Commit-
tee?
Mr. BOYER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BAKER. I desire to suggest a verbal
amendment in the fifth line by inserting the
word "provisional" before the word "gov-
ernor."
Mr. ELIOT. There is no objection to it:
I will accept it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to make a sug-
gestion about the printing of the bill if the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will yield.
Mr. BOYER. I will do so.
Mr. GARFIELD. The suggestion is this:
there have been but some forty copies of this
bill printed, and it is not on the desks of more
than one third of the members here. Now, I
hope wo shall not proceed with the discussion
of a bill with a proposed amendment to it until
every gentleman can have it on his desk; and
I trust, by unanimous consei^, it will be laid
over until that can be done.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state if
this is postponed by unanimous consent, unless
other orders are postponed by unanimous con-
sent., it will not be reached during the remain
der of the session.
Mr. BOYER. If I understood the sugges-
tion of my colleague lie would be willing to
accede to a proposition for the postponement
of the bill till to-morrow, or until some future
day, reserving, however, our rights to debate,
and leaving that question to remain as it is.
If my colleague desires to make such a motion
I will yield the floor for that purpose.
Mr. ELIOT. That is not in accordance with
the order of the House. I have yielded for no
such purpose. There are two hours given for
debate.
The SPEAKER. Such a motion would be
in order. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Boykr] is on the floor and entitled to
move it. The gentleman from Massachusetts
has yielded two hours for debate.
Mr. E LI OT. It comes out of the two hours.
Mr. BOYER. 1 yield to my colleague if he
desires to make that motion.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to postpone the
further consideration of this bill until to-mor-
row.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if it is postponed until to-morrow it probably
will not be reached at all during the present
session.
The question was taken ; and there were—
ayes 40, noes 83.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. BOYER. Would it be in order to move
that this, together with all the other special
orders, except the bill from the Reconstruction
Committee, be postponed until to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. It would be by unanimous
consent. The Chair stated yesterday that the
House had, by unanimous consent, which is the
highest form that the action o#"the House can
take, directed that certain bills should be taken
up in their order—the military hill, from the
Committee on Reconstruction; the indemnity
bill, and the bouuty bill; and the House can-
not, by any lower grade of motion reverse the
action so taken.
Mr. BOYER. It is desired by gentlemen
