1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1841
by the Government; which wa8 referred to the
Committee on the Library.
Mr. CHANDLER presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Michigan, in favor of the
protection of tho fisheries of the upper penin-
sula of that State from the encroachments of
foreigners; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to
be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Michigan, in favor of an appropria-
tion to aid in the improvement of the channel
of navigation between Lake Superior and
Eagle Harbor, in the county of Keweenaw, in
that State; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Michigan, in favor of a donation of
lands for the endowment of female colleges in
the several States; which were referred to the
Committee on the Library, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HOWE presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of the es-
tablishment of a mail route from Rural to
New London, in that State; which were
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mj. TRUMBULL presented a petition of
soldiers in the war to suppress the late rebel-
lion, praying for the passage of the bill which
allows a bounty of eight and one third dollars
per month to all soldiers for the terms of their
respective service; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Claims be dis-
charged from the farther consideration of the peti-
tion of the Adams Express Company, praying that
the Secretary of the Treasury may be authorized to
issue to them Treasury notes in the place of the t
notes lost by the sinking of the steamer Bio Bio at
New Orleans on the 22d of March, 1863; and that the
petitioners have leave to withdraw their petition and
papers.
reports from committees.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Charles W. Whitney, praying for addi-
tional compensation for building the iron-clad
gunboat Keokuk, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. FIIELINGHUYSEN, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 36) referring the
papers in the case of P. A. Gibbons and P.
X. Kelley to the Court of Claims, reported it
with amendments.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom were referred the peti-
tion of the McGregor Railway Company, pray-
ing aid to extend their railroad from O'Brien
county, Iowa, to Yankton, Dakota Territory,
and the bill (S. No. 504) to improve the value
of Government lands on the line of the Mc-
Gregor Western railway, by aiding said railway
company to construct said railroad, asked to
be discharged from their further consideration ;
which was agreed toi
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
609) to amend certain acts in relation to the
Navy, reported it with amendments.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 177) to provide for the
payment of certain awards for losses sustained
byjoyal Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
trial op ridqwat's battery.
Mr. NYE. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 290) authorizing the Secretary of
the Navy to grant the use of guns for trial of
Ridgway's battery, have directed me to report
it without amendment; and as it is very brief
and simple in its terms I ask for its present
consideration.
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 116.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution, which authorizes the
Secretary of the Navy to grant the use of two
eleven-inch Dahlgren guns to John Ridgway,
of Boston, for use in experimental trials of
Ridgway's patent-revolving battery.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen- !
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
james fulton. ;
Mr. FOWLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 577. '
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 557) for the relief of
James Fulton, paymaster United States Navy. ,
It directs the proper accounting officers of the
Government in the settlement of the accounts
of James Fulton, paymaster United States
Navy, to allow a credit of $17,213 95, for
clothing and small stores abstracted from the
inspection building in his charge while on duty
at the navy-yard, Washington.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there a report in
that case?
Mr. FOWLER. The Committee on Naval
Affairs have made a very full report on this
subject. I ask that it be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not care to have
it read if the Senator will state what it is.
Mr. FOWLER. The Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Cragin] can explain it fully.
Mr. CRAGIN. I made the report in this
case. It is the case of Mr. Fulton, who was
paymaster at the Washington na vy-yard. When
he took possession of the yard a large amount
of property these came into his hands as in-
spector, and there was a clerk who had been
employed by the former inspector there who
was continued under him. This clerk was
recommended as an honest and faithful man,
but it turned out afterward that he was guilty
of stealing this property, and he has been in-
dicted by the courts here and is now awaiting
his trial. On investigation it proves that some
seventeen thousand dollars of property had
been taken. It does not appear that it was all
taken while Mr. Fulton was paymaster in
charge there; a portion of it may have been
taken while his predecessor was in the office ;
but the Department are clearly of the opinion,
and so are the committee, that Mr. Fulton is
in no way to blame. He was charged with
very onerous duties there. It was at the time
of the breaking up of the rebellion. He had
not only to pay some fifteen hundred laborers
employed at the navy-yard, but some twenty-
five hundred men who had been employed upon
the Potomac were all thrown upon his hands,
and a large amount of property was turned
over to him at the close of the rebellion. It is
in evidence that he had to work night and day
and even Sundays to keep up with his business.
He is an entirely trustworthy and honest man,
and it was by the criminality of his clerk that
he has been brought into this position. The
case is one of great justice, ana the bill ought
to be at once passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What was the property ?
It was not money?
Mr. CRAGIN. Clothing, silk handkerchiefs,
hat ribbons, and those things that this clerk
could conceal under his coat and carry off day
by day from the office unbeknown to anybody.
"Mr. TRUMBULL. Isthisamountof$17,000
the estimated value of the goods?
Mr. CRAGIN. That is the amount of the
value of the goods stolen in' all, dating back
some time. This clerk was employed under
the former paymaster, and the presumption is
that a portion of the goods were taken before
Mr. Fulton came there.
Mr. FOWLER. I will read for the infor-
mation of the Senate the letter of the chief of
the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing on this
subject:
Bureau or Provisions and Clothing,
February 11,18t>7.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of the letter of Hon. J. W. Grimes, chairman of the
Naval Committee of the Senate, with the papers in
the case of Paymaster J. Fulton, referred by you to
this bureau, and to report:
That Paymaster Fulton has always maintained the
highest reputation at the Department and in the ser-
vice for integrity and fidelity in the discharge of his
duties.
Owing to the insufficient number of paymasters in
the Navy at the time he was ordered to the Washing-
ton navy-yard, in February, 1865, it was impossible
to assign another paymaster with whom to divide the
duties, which were of so laborious and complicated
a nature as would otherwise have made it advisable
to do so.
His accounts for the expenditure of very large sums
of money have bt>en promptly and fully settled.
His duties in disbursing money were such that he
was much absent from the inspection building, and '
\ this gave to his clerk, who was -thus necessarily left
\ in charge, the opportunity to pursue a continuous and
| systematic course of dishonesty.
1 Mr. Fulton received from his predecessor the very
, highest recommendation of this clerk for honesty and
ability, ftnd therefore very naturally gave him full
access to articles of value at the inspection building,
, when other duties obliged him to give his personal
attention at the pay office, in another part of the
yard.
Such confidence had this clerk inspired that Mr.
Fulton, aswell as those paymasterswho had preceded
him, had taken the clerk's written account of the
articles on hand, instead of making that thorough
! personal examination which would have been desir-
] able.
I In Mr. Fulton's case, more than in any other, this
was pardonable, sincc, owing to tho pressurcof busi-
ness incident to the close of tho war, his duties were
I more arduous than had ever been performed by any
paymaster at that yard.
i The difficulties of Mr. Fulton's position, owing to
I the breaking np of the Potomac flotilla, were very
; great, and I have no doubt that he gave to the pub-
lic property intrusted to him all the care and atten-
tion which he would have given to it had it been his
own.
Considering Mr. FultoiA case an exceptional one,
I hope that an examination of the papers in the
case (which are herewith returned) nill secure a
favorable report for that officer.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
H. BRIDGE, Chief of Bureau..
Hon. Gideon Welles, Secretary of the Navy.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
d. randolph martin.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up for con-
sideration House joint resolution No. 271.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 271)
authorizing the Secretary of War to adjust and
settle the claim of D. Randolph Martin, as-
signee of the Washington, Alexandria, and
Georgetown Railroad Company. It authorizes
the Secretary of War to adjust and settle the
claim of D. Randolph Martin, assignee of
the Washington, Alexandria, and Georgetown
Railroad Company, for the use and occupation
of the road of the company by the United States
from and after the 11th of January, 1862, until
August, 1865, and to pay him such sum as may
be found equitably due for such use and occu-
pation.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
henry p. blanchard.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1051, for the relief of Henry P. Blanchard. It
is a bill which has already passed the House,
and which at two former sessions passed the
Senate. Now, it is only necessary to pass it
here to complete the act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator will
let us get up some public business.
Mr. SUMNER. This will only take a min-
ute.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have got charge of a
bill which has passed the House of Represent-
atives which I know the Senator is for.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will be for
this also. It is a bill that has twice passed the
Senate at former sessions, and it has now
passed the House. It is a bill for the relief of
Henry P. Blanchard, who was marshal at Can-
ton.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
! consider the bill. It directs the Secretary of
l! the Treasury to pay to Henry P. Blanchard. for
