402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I present a me-
morial of citizens of Elizabeth, New Jersey,
praying that that city be made a port of entry,
and that an appropriation be made for the
purpose of erecting a suitable building there
for the accommodation of the custom-house,
post office, collector and assessor of internal
revenue, and for holding the Federal courts;
and I will simply add that the growing im-
portance of that city commends this memorial
to the favorable consideration of the Senate.
I move that it be referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the memorial of
G. W. Harding & Co., proprietors of the Lud-
low Woolen Mills, Ludlow, Vermont, and the
memorial of Holmes, Whitmore & Co., manu-
facturers, of Springfield, Vermont, remonstrat-
ing against the extension of the letters-patent
of Stephen R. Parkhurst, dated May 1, 1845,
and now expired; which were referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. MORRILL presented the memorial of
A. F. Bradbury, T. R. Campbell, and Amos
Abbott & Co., of Dexter, Maine, and the me-
morial of William Hill, president of the North
Berwick Company, remonstrating against the
extension of the letters-patent of Stephen R.
Parkhurst, dated May 1, 1845, and now ex-
pired ; which were referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office.
He also presented the memorial of citizens
of New York and owners of sea-going steam-
ships, remonstrating against the passage of
Senate bill No. 467, to amend an act entitled
'' An act further to provide for the safety of the
lives of passengers on board of vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam, to regulate
the salaries of steamboat inspectors, and for
other purposes," approved July25,1866; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HOWE presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Wisconsin, praying for the passage of
House bill, No. 718, to provide increased rev-
enue for imports, and for other purposes; which
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORGAN presented four memorials of
manufacturers of wool and of constructors of
burring machines, remonstrating against the
extension of the letters-patent of Stephen R.
Parkhurst, dated May 1, 1845, and now ex-
pired ; which were referred to the Committee
"on Patents and the Patent Office.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
490) to amend an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide a temporary government for the Territory
of Idaho," approved March 3, 1863, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial
of C. B. Gardner, praying for compensation
for brick used by the United States Army
during the siege of Nashville, Tennessee, in
the month of December, 1864, submitted an
adverse report.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom Was referred the petition of Benton
Jones, praying to be reimbursed for money
alleged to have been expended while acting as
postmaster of the cavalry command in the de-
partment of Mississippi, reported that the peti-
tioner have leave to withdraw his petition and
papers; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of A. L. H. Cran-
shaw, praying for compensation for property
alleged to have been destroyed and taken by
the United States military authorities in Mis-
souri while he was held a prisoner on suspicion
of being a rebel spy, submitted an adverse
report; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William N. Smith,
of Grundy county. Missouri, praying for com-
pensation for a tavern-house, alleged to have
been burned in the townT>f Glasgow, Missouri,
through the Orders of the military officers in
command there, submitted an adverse report ;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Frank Pugsley,
praying for pay and allowances for services
rendered as a private in the Army, submitted
a report accompanied by a bill (S. No. 499)
for the relief of Frank Pugsley, late a private
in company I of the third regiment of New
Hampshire volunteers. The bill was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
STEAMSHIP SCOTLAND.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the memorial of
the marine underwriters of New York, praying
for an appropriation for the removal of the
iron steamship Scotland, wrecked on the bar
outside of Sandy Hook, has directed me to
to report a joint resolution on that subject, and
I ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 156) to provide for the removal of
the wreck of the steamship Scotland was read
three times and passed. It is a direction to
the Secretary of War to cause the removal of
the wreck of the iron steamship Scotland, now
on the bar outside of Sandy Hook, near the
entrance of New York harbor. It is proposed
to appropriate $100,000 for this purpose. The
Secretary of War, after notice given in one or
more newspapers in Philadelphia, New York,
and Boston, is to receive sealed proposals for
the removal of the wreck, and to make a con-
tract for its removal with the lowest bidder,
the contract price not to exceed the sum appro-
priated.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LANE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
500) to amend the twenty-first section of an
act entitled "An act to amend the several acts
heretofore passed to provide for the enrolling
and calling out the national forces, and for
other purposes," approved March 3, 1865;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
501) amendatory of an act to provide a tem-
porary government for the Territory of Mon-
tana, approved May 26, 1864: which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Territories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 502) respecting the town site of Shasta,
California; which was read twice by its title-
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. CATTELL. I desire to state that I was
unavoidably absent yesterday when the vote
was taken on the bill to regulate the elective
franchise in the Territories, and that if pres-
ent I should have voted for that bill, and also
for the bill regulating the time for the meeting
of Congress.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE!.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 965)
declaring Clinton bridge across the Mississippi
river at Clinton, in the State of Iowa, a post
route, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 508) to amend
the organic acts of the Territories of Nebraska,
Colorado, Dakota, Montana, Washington,
Idaho, Arizona, Utah, and New Mexico, and
had also concurred in the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 830) to fix the
times for the regular meetings of Congress.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (II. 11. No. 840) for the relief of the
sureties of James T. Pollock, late receiver at
Crawfordsville, Indiana; and
A bill (H. R. No. 966) for the relief of Ernest
F. Kleinschmidt, of Cincinnati, Ohio.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
joint resolution (S. R. No. 151) appropriating
money to defray the expenses of the joint
select committee on retrenchment, the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 508) to regulate the elective
franchise in the Territories of the Unite'd States,
and the enrolled bill (H. R. No. 830) to fix the
times for the regular meetings of Congress;
and they were thereupon signed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore of the Senate.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 965) declaring the Clin-
ton bridge across the Mississippi river at
Clinton, in the State of Iowa, a post route;
the bill (H. R. No. 964) in regard to the com-
pensation of route agents in the Post Office
Department, and the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 229) to procure a site for a building to
accommodate the post office and United States
courts in New York city, were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The bill (H. R. No. 956) to enforce the thir-
teenth amendment of the Constitution of the
United States, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 840) for the relief of
the sureties of James T. Pollock, late receiver
at Crawfordsville, Indiana, anithe bill (H. R.
No. 966) for the relief of Ernest F. Klein-
schmidt, of Cincinnati, Ohio, were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that Joseph Hill
& Sons have leave to withdraw their petition
and papers. It is a claim upon which there
has been no report.
The motion was agreed to.
NORFOLK NAVY-YARD.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs bo
instructed to inquire into tile expediency of tempo-
rarily closing the navy-yard at Norfolk, Virginia,
and placing it, for the protection of the public prop-
erty there, in charge of the commander of the Marine
corps.
BALTIMORE AND OHIO RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of
Columbia be directed to inquire into the legality and
expediency of a certain ordinance, now pending be-
fore the councils of the city of Washington, conced-
ing the use of certain of the streets of said city until
the year 1910 to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company; and that they report by bill or otherwise.
adjournment to monday.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it
be to meet on Monday next.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. It.
No. 718) to provide increased revenue from
imports, and for other purposes, reported it
with an amendment in the nature of a substi-
tute, and oue thousand extra copies of the
amendment were ordered to be printed.
printing of the bankrupt bill.
Mr. POLAND submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That two hundred and fifty copies of
House bill No. 593. with the Senate amendments
thereto, be printed in bill t'orm for the use of the
Senate.
pension agents.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 69 for consideration.
