1842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
his sen-ices as marshal at the port of Canton,
in China, from February 22, 1858, to July 1,
1860, the sum of $2,854 24.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and
read the third time. •
Mr. HOWE. I should like to know what
that bill is.
Mr. SUMNER. I have already stated that
it is a bill that has passed this body twice and
has now passed the House of Representatives.
It is reported from the Committee on Foreign
Relations. There is a report accompanying
it which was made to this body some two years
ago.
Mr. HOWE. I thought it was a bill that
had come from the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no, it is a different
bill. It is for services as marshal at Canton. ,
Mr. CONNESS. It is entirely right. There
is no doubt on the subject.
The bill was passed.
MESSAGE FEOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendment
of the Senate to the joint resolution (H. R. No. \
213) to extend the provisions of the act in re- j
gard to agricultural colleges to the State of j
Tennessee. j
The message further announced that the 1
House had agreed to the amendment of the
Senate to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 224) i
giving additional compensation to certain env '
ploy£s in the civil seriice of the Government !
at Washington, with amendments, in which it :
requested the concurrence of the Senate. ]
The message also announced that the House 1
insisted upon its amendments to the bill (S.
No. 220) for the relief of certain contractors j
for the construction of vessels-of- war and steam
machinery, disagreed to by the Senate, agreed
to the conference asked by the Senate on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Ithamar C. Sloan of
Wisconsin, Mr. Columbus Delano of Ohio,
and Mr. Sajiuel McKee of Kentucky, man-
agers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the second and disagreed
to the first amendment of the Senate to the
joint resolution (II. It. No. 222) prohibiting
payments by any officer of the Government to
any person not known to have been opposed
to the rebellion and in favor of its suppression,
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Columbus Delano of Ohio, Mr. John B.
Alley of Massachusetts, and Mr. Anthony
Thornton of Illinois, managers at the same
on its part.
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 276.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 276) to establish
a Department of Education. It proposes to
establish at the city of Washington a Depart-
ment of Education for the purpose of collect-
ing such statistics and facts as shall show the
condition and progress of education in the
several States and Territories, and of diffusing
such information respecting the organization
and management of schools and school sys-
tems and methods of teaching as shall aid
the people of the United States in the estab-
lishment and maintenance of efficient school
systems, and otherwise promote the cause of
education throughout the country.
There is to be appointed by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, a Commissioner of Education, who is
to be intrusted with the management of the
department, and who is to receive a salary of
$4,000 per annum, and who is to have author-
ity to appoint one chief clerk of his depart-
ment with a salary of $2,000 per annum, ohe
clerk with a salary of $1,800 per annum, and
one clerk with a salary of $1,GOO per annum ;
which clerks are to be subject to the appointing
, and removing power of the Commissioner of
Education.
It is to be the duty of the commissioner to
present annually to Congress a report embody-
ing the results of his investigations and labors,
together with a statement of such facts and
recommendations as will, in his judgment, sub-
serve the purpose for which this department
is established. In the first report made by the
commissioner under this act there is to be
presented a statement of the several grants of
land made by Congress to promote education,
and the manner in which these several trusts
have been managed, the amount of funds
arising therefrom, and the annual proceeds as
far as they can be determined.
The Commissioner of Public Buildings is
directed to furnish proper offices for the use-
of the department herein established.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to amend the bill
by striking out the word "department" where
ever it occurs and inserting the word "bu-
reau." I do not see how we can avoid con-
siderable complication by calling this, which
is to be but a bureau, a department, when we
have Departments, and the degree of their con-
sequence is well understood. The head of a
Department is entitled to seat in the Cabinet.
The distinction is so clear and well established
that I think there can scarcely be a difference
of opinion as to the propriety of keeping it up.
It certainly can add nothing to the dignity or
to the efficiency or usefulness of this establish-
ment to call it a department as contradistin-
guished from calling it a bureau, which it is to
be. A department, meaning one great branch
of the administrative part of this Government,
should not be dwarfed by giving the term and
name and designation now to an establishment
which is to have two or three clerks. The
head of the department is called a commis-
sioner, the same term and designation that is
applied to the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, of Agriculture, and the other bureaus
of the second order of importance in the Gov-
ernment. I hope the Senator having charge
of the 'bill will see the propriety of this change.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think there is
any great importance in the word that is em-
ployed here. I beg leave to say, however, to
the Senator from California that there is no law
that makes the head of a Department a mem-
ber of the Cabinet.
Mr. CONNESS. I am aware of that. I did
not say there was.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Sena-
tor to say that the heads of Departments were
members of the Cabinet.
Mr. CONNESS. That is true.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No ; I have never un-
derstood that the distinguished head of the
Agricultural Department is a member of the
Cabinet.
Mr. CONNESS. That is not a Department.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe it is so called
in the law.
Mr. SUMNER. By law it is a Department.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is by the law called a
Department; and I do not understand 
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will pardon
me, I will say right here that it is now stated
to me by a Senator that the head of that Depart-
ment, I will call it, has upon more than one
occasion declared that although entitled to a
seat in the Cabinet by reason of the dignity of
the Department, yet he has never contended
for it and never sought it.
Mr. WILSON. He thinks he will get it
soon. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONNESS. This is no matter to jest
about. If the term has been introduced in
connection with the Bureau of Agriculture, I
hope it will not be continued as to this.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I attach no very great
importance to the word, whether it be bureau
or department. This is a House bill, and I
will state to the Senator from California one
reason for having it a department: that the
head of it may select and appoint his own
clerks. If it is a bureau you cannot confer
that power upon him. The Constitution au-
thorizes Congress to vest the appointment of
inferior officers in the heads of Departments,
but not in the heads of bureaus. I think it
would be somewhat important, that the man
put at the head of this department, if the bill
becomes a law, should have the selection of
the two or three clerks that the bill authorizes
him to employ. I think it would be better
than to have them appointed by the head of
one of the Departments of the Government;
and to what Department will you attach it?
If the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia should prevail, it would be necessary to
make several other amendments in the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator will allow me
to make a suggestion, it seems to me all this
difficulty may be obviated by uniting this de-
partment with the Agricultural Department,
and thereby we shall secure the services of the
eminent gentleman who is at the head of that
Department, and who is undoubtedly well
qualified for this. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. That Department seems
to have business enough of its own, and this is
a separate matter; and I do not wish, as the
Senator from California says, to treat it jest-
ingly at all. I regard the bill as one of great
importance to this country. It is particularly
important now. If peace and harmony are
ever to be established among the people of this
Republic we must educate them; and now, in
the disorganized state of southern society, when
all their schools have been broken up for years,
and a generation is growing up without edu-
cation, it is important that we have some head
to this educational interest in the country.
The nation has done a great deal for education.
In all the new States we have appropriated a
section of land in every township for that pur-
pose. We have also donated large tracts of
land for seminary purposes and for agricultural
colleges. The nation has been doing much to
educate the children of the land. But, sir, we
have no head to this. No means have been
devised by which the improvements in science
and education may be brought together and
disseminated throughout the land.
Although some Senators affect to treat it
with a smile as an unimportant matter, I believe
it to be one of the great interests of this nation
which should be fostered. I have always been
in favor of donating lands for educational pur-
poses. Sir, if we had a head to this branch
of affairs, those lands would not have been
squandered as they have been in many of the
new States. Oftentimes from a want of sys-
tem one of the first things the first settlers
who have gone into a township have done has
been to sell the sixteenth section for a trifling
sum. Instead of waiting till the country became
somewhat settled and the land valuable they
have let it go for nothing. If we had had a
department of education from the beginning,
I believe it would have been one of the best
bureaus or departments which the Government
could have had.
I do not wish to take up time in regard to it;
but I trust that the Senator from California
will not persist in his amendment, which would
require some other amendments. There can
. be no great importance in it, at any rate ; it is
a mere name; and it would involve the neces-
sity of sending the bill back to the House of
Representatives, as well as making other
changes in the bill; and there is one reason
which I have suggested to him, which I am
sure he will appreciate, why it is better to use
the word "department." Under these circum-
stances I trust the amendment will not be
made.
Mr. DIXON. I agree with the Senator from
Illinois that this bill is important; and when
we look to the condition of the country and
the great changes which are taking place in
the country, and especially in the great mat-
ter of suffrage, it seems to me the bill is
doubly important; for, sir, he is blind who
cannot see that sooner or later the whole peo-
ple of this country are to vote. If so, how .
