1166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
near me that I should state that there is no un-
derstanding on this side of the House that the
debate upon this bill should be confined to two
hours, and that then the vote should be taken
upon the passage of the bill by common con-
sent.
The gentleman from Massachusetts said that
he would not call the previous question until
after the expiration of two hours; but I did
not understand that there was any arrangement
entered into with gentlemen on this side of the
House, that at the end of two hours they would
interpose no objection to closing the debate. I
state this now in order that it may not be here-
after said that there was any misunderstand-
ing or any want of good faith on the part of
gentlemen on this side.
Mr. ELIOT. Let me state that it is rather
late to interpose that caveat now, after the gen-
tleman has obtained the floor in pursuance of
that arrangement.
Mr. BOYER. I certainly did not understand
the gentleman from Massachusetts to offer two
hours for debate upon this bill as a proposition
to be accepted upon conditions by this side of
(lie House; it was an announcement on his
part, uncoupled with any conditions; as such
1 understood it, and as such I believe it has
been understood by my associates on this side
of this Chamber.
Mr. UPSON". I rise to a point of order:
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Boyer] is not discussing the bill before the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. BOYER addressed the House. [His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker,
I have been a somewhat attentive observer of
all that has transpired in this House for some
six years past. During the war there were
many gloomy periods when the friends of the
Union seemed to despair. There were certain
men who predicted that war never could
restore this Union. I was one who thought
otherwise. I did hope and believe that when
the rebellion in the South was subdued, when
there was no longer any armed resistance to be
found there, whatever politicians might desire,
n public sentiment would come from the North
as well as from the South calling for and de-
manding peace and restoration too strong to be
resisted. But, .sir, the war is over. There is not
to be found anywhere a man in arms against the
Government, of the United States. Some eight-
een months have rolled away since the termi-
nation of the war; yet hero we are as far from
the restoration of the Union as we were at any
time during the war, and I fear further. Now,
gentlemen may think as they please, but the
question before us is one that is worth thinking
about. ■ Every man who loves his country,
every man who loves the Union of the States',
ought to pause and reflect and ask himself
whether we arc moving toward a restoration
of the Union or directly the opposite course.
I may be wrong ; I hope I am ; but to my mind
the cause of the Union this day is more hope-
less than at any former period. My imagina-
tion pictures to me now more danger than at
any time during the war.
_ Now, sir, in regard to these various propo-
sitions before the House, the one called the
" military bill,'' with the several amendments
coming from different sources, and the one
now reported, I care not a % which of them
may pass, if any one must pass. This last
bill, the one now before the House, while it
shades to some extent the horrid and bloody
features of the "military bill" is, in truth,
nothing more nor less than the same thing,
dressed up and vailed a little to conceal its
enormity from public view. To my mind
there is one thing very certain, that the tem-
per of the Representatives here as well as of
people.elsewhere must undergo a great change
before there will ever be a restoration of the
union of those States. Sir, it is alarming that
such a bill as that "military bill" should be
seriously considered in this House. It is one
of the alarming signs of the times that such'a
measure should find support from any quarter
whatever; for it proposes to establish a su-
preme, unlimited, and absolute despotism over
nearly one third of the people of this Union ;
to surrender to the military authorities supreme
power; nay, to enthrone despotism here in the
United States. I say it is alarming that such
a proposition should meet with any sort of
favor here; and it is not less startling to hear
the utterances and witness the temper with
which certain gentlemen have defended this
very bill.
Foj; example, let me allude to a remark that
was made by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] in support of this horrid "military
bill" at the time when he assumed to "close
the door of mercy" and proclaim that the day
of grace was passed. I was astonished and
alarmed to hear him utter his solemn fiat, his
terrible anathema, his withering curse which
is to doom forever some eight or ten million
people of the South. The inquiry would natu-
rally suggest itself, "Who is this that stands
here and lifts up his voice like a trumpet, clos-
ing up the day of grace and sealing the doom
of eight or ten million human beings?" One
would suppose it to be some being that had
suddenly made his appearance in the Amer-
ican Congress from some higher and holier
sphere, from some sinless clime, one that had
never felt the need of mercy, one that knew
nothing but stern justice unmixed with mercy,
one that having never sinned himself had no
sympathy with sinners; one wrapped in im-
maculate purity and holiness, standing here and
proclaiming with trumpet voice to the people
of the United States that the day of grace was
ended, "the door of mercy closed forever,
locked, and the key thrown away." We were
naturally shocked and alarmed ; but on draw-
ing a little nearer and making closer observa-
tion we find that this being is one of us, one
of Adam's fallen posterity, one who had been
a rebel against the government of Heaven and
a sinner all his days.
The alarm was gone, the fright was over,
and. our shattered nerves became steady again ;
but we were still amazed and wondered to see
a poor, puny mortal—
" Drest in a littlo brief authority
"Play such fantastic tricks before kighheaven,
As make the angels weep."
A Member. Remember he is a preacher.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Mr. Speak-
er, that must be a slander. I have heard it
before but it must be a mistake. I take up no
slanders against any man. It cannot be ; no
man who ever bore the message of " peace on
earth and good will to man," no man who
ever expounded the pure and suMime truths
of Christianity, could have indulged such feel-
ings and sentiments.
I would like to argue with that gentleman
in reference to this matter. I entertain for
him, as I do for all men, no unkind feelings.
I would if I could reclaim him from the error
of his ways. But to what standard am I to
appeal that will affect him? You cannot argue
a question of the power of Congress with a
man who ignores the 'Constitution. There
must be a common recognized standard from
which there shall be no appeal.
I do not know even whether the gentleman
would recognize the binding validity of the
Bible. If I did, then I would take that as the
standard of authority and argue with him in
reference to that awful anathema he uttered.
You tell me he is a preacher. How can
that bo, when a man is anathematizing eight
or ten millions of his fellow-men? How can
he say, 1' Forgive us our trespasses as we for-
give those who trespass against us?" Never.
None but merciful men can hope for mercy,
for it, is written, "He shall have judgment
without mercy," who shows no mercy. The
gentleman will reflect that at the time he is
closing up the door of mercy against his fellow-
men he closes it against himself; for the
decree has gone forth, "He that shows no
mercy shall have judgment without mercy."
Why, sir, the gentleman was dependent on
mercy, and mercy alone, for the very breath
with which he proclaimed in regard to the
people of ten States that, "The door of mercy
was closed forever, locked, and the key thrown
away!" Ye9f-sir, if the Bible be true, then
the gentleman closes the door of mercy against
himself unless he withdraws that terrible arnth-
ema and changes his temper and feelings.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as to the constitution-
ality of the military bill, this pending measure,
or any kindred proposition, I will not insult
the judgment of legal men by arguing_ such a
question. The man who is prepared to indorse
this as constitutional is prepared to vote for
anything, and argument, however powerful,
would be of no avail. Ten years ago all law-
yers here know that any law student would
have disgraced himself by contending that Con-
gress has any constitutional power to pass such
a bill as this. That side of the House has been
schooled and driven up to this bloody military
bill. They have been led on from one extreme
measure to another until now they seem to be
prepared for anything.
Mr. Speaker, there was another gentleman
from Ohio  •
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a question.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Yes, if it
will not come out of my time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman suggests
that this side of the House is unmerciful. I
want to ask him if in all thfe late confederate
States not now represented in Congress the
rebels themselves are not now in authority,
having entire control, and show no mercy to
the Union men?
Mr. HARDING, of KentuckyWell, sir,
I cannot stop to argue that question, because
the facts are assumed to be true. But suppose
they are true; suppose there are rebels who
do these things, if you refuse to show mercy
are you any better than they? There is no
argument in anything of that sort, and yet if I
have time I will consider these stories that are
told about crimes that prevail in the South. I
admit that the fact is so to some extent, but it
is quite as true in regard to the North as the
South. But, sir, there is nothing in these re-
ports that should mislead or deceive a ten-year
old boy. Why should you be gathering up
such reports from one section of the country
and making a great^ parade about them, over-
looking the same kind of outrages that occur
in another section?
But, sir, I was about to refer to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] with a part
of whose speech here the other day I was well
pleased. He broke out here the other evening
in true loyal style, declaring that there never
had been a time during the war when any of
the southern States was out of the Union; that
never had " one rood" of any of them become
foreign territory. It was very true. Moreover,
he went on to repeat some six or seven statutes
that had been passed, all of which clearly rec-
ognized the stubborn fact that these were States
in the Union during the war, and were still in •-
the Union. He went even so far as to refer to
various bills that gentleman had voted for, and
coming down to. the Freedmen's Bureau bill,
he said that every man who voted for that bill
had declared two things on oath : first, that the
insurgent States were States in the Union ; and
secondly, that the people inhabiting them were
citizens of the United States. I was glad to
hear that from the gentleman from Ohio. I
was glad to see the gentleman—better late than
never—stand up for the Constitution and re-
mind gentlemen of the oath to support it. He
also ^said the idea that these States are out of
the Union he " repudiated with scorn-and con-
tempt." ^ I sympathized with him in«that also.
But, sir, I confess I was a little surprised
when I found him a few moments afterward
making certain admissions which knocked his
previous argument all into pi, as the printers
say. [Laughter. ] If the gentleman had stopped
right there his argument would have been all
