1867.-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1167
sound and truthful; but the mischievous gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldkidge] kept inter-
posing and asking questions, such as, "Ifthese
Slates are in the Union how, under the Con-
stitution, do you reconcile to yourself the estab-
lishment of military despotism over them?"
And, then, the gentleman suddenly fell into one
of hia radical spells, the monomania of radical-
ism came over him, and he was gone in a mo-
ment, and declared that he "embraced the
general purpose of the bill with all his heart."
Then the gentleman from Wisconsin pressed
upon him the question, "How do you reconcile
your views of the Constitution with the estab-
lishment of a military despotism?" and the gen-
tleman from Ohio answered, "Why, by the un-
limited powers of the Constitution for the com-
mon defense." A clause in the Constitution
to which my attention had never before been
called as proof to support such a position!
Turning to the Constitution we find a clause
which provides that Congress shall have power
to pay the debts and provide for the common
defense and general welfare of the United
States. How? By la3>ing and collecting taxes,
duties, imposts, and excises; but all duties,
imposts, and excises shall be uniform through-
out the United States.
That was the clause I suppose the gentleman
intended to refer to: strange proof for such a
purpose 1 If the gentleman will look a little
further he will find another clause which pro-
vides that Congress shall, have power "to
regulate commerce with foreign nations, and
among the several States, and with the Indian
tribes." This would have suited his purpose
fully as well; it is just as clearly in point as
the lirst, because neither of the clauses can
possibly be so tortured as to have the remotest
bearing or lend the least support to his posi-
tion.
Now, sir, I do not know whether it was a
mock fight or not. But while the gentleman
from Ohio was ready to embrace most heartily
this bloody monster of a bill, he would yet
vail it a little in the preamble ; he would have
the words " so-called" stricken out. Deny-
ing that the loyal citizens of the South were a
conquered people or had ever forfeited any of
their rights, he is yet ready to establish an
absolute despotism over loyal and disloyal
alike, as this bill does.
He quarrels with the preamble—with the
shadow—yet embraces the substance. If that
scene in which the gentleman figured was but
a mock fight for the leadership of that side of
the House, then if I had a vote in the matter I
should say, lot the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Stevens] continue in the leadership,
because he is more open and undisguised: ho
seeks no concealment; he does not. vail from
the public^ gaze a proposition, however mon-
strous, which he is ready to embrace, nor will
you ever hear him argue that the power is de-
rived from the Constitution to pass such a bill
as this. Not at all. lie takes the ground now
that he took some two or three years ago, that
"all compacts between the North and South
were abrogated and destroyed, and that thence-
forth the late of each section depended upon
the will of the conqueror, under the laws of
war and the laws of nations." Grant him his
premises and he is always consistent in his
conclusions; and certainly he will always con-
tend boldly for his premises, whether you grant
them or not. I think that they are ail wrong ;
I am sure they are ; but, as 1 have just said, the
gentleman is too good a lawyer to claim power
under the Constitution to pass such a bill. He
claims it outside of the Constitution, fram the
laws of war and conquest.
I wish to call the attention of gentlemen to
two predictions made by two great men—men
great, however, in very different ways. All who
were here during the period of which I speak
will remember that from 18iil all through the
war it was proclaimed publicly by the Presi-
dent over and over again, and by all his most
distinguished supporters, that the Union was
and m'jst be perpetual; that it could not be
dissolved or destroyed except by successful
revolution. They all stood together upon that
platform, and claimed and seemed to be Union
men. But I recollect very distinctly that some
two or three years ago the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] rose and repudi-
ated the whole of that theory, and announced
the doctrine "that all previously-existing com-
pacts between the North and the South were
abrogated and destroyed ; and that thenceforth
the doom of either section depended upon the
result of the armed conflict; that if the South
was conquered it would be subject to the abso-
lute will of the conqueror!" and if the North
should be conquered it would in like manner
be subject to the South. That utterance called
out quite a number of assailants, and members
on that side of the House, from Massachusetts
and elsewhere, combatted his theoi-y as ruin-
ous and false. A fierce debate upon that the-
ory sprung up at the time, and it found no favor
from any quarter; but the gentleman poised
himself and remarked that "he was generally
a little in advance," that he was regarded as a
pioneer; "but," said he, "after awhile you
will all be with me." Two or three years have
elapsed—that prediction is, verified; and to-day
these gentlemen are all with him, all ready to
proclaim the same disunion doctrine.
The other prediction I wish to recall is that
of another great man, from a different section
of the country, and, as 1 have said, great in a
very different way—a man who loved his coun-
try above all things else, a man who looked
into the future with almost tho vision of a
prophet—Daniel Webster. He is reported to
have exclaimed on one occasion—
" Let these infernal fanatics get control of the Gov-
ernment antl they will treat the decisions of tho
Supreme Court with contcmpt; they will make laws
to suit themselves; they will lay violent hands on
all who oppose them : they will bankrupt the country,
and finally deluge it with blood."
Now look at what has been done. That very
party obtained control of the Government.
There has been war ; that war is over, but the
Union is not restored, and at this very moment
the public debt, mountain high, is casting its
deadly and blighting shadow of bankruptcy
over the whole country. We are literally bank-
rupts to-day ; and generations to come must be
ground to the earth under the crushing weight
of this monstrous debt. Has not the land
been deluged in blood, been literally reddened
all over with the blood of half a million men?
And last, has not the Supreme Court been
treated with contcmpt here in this very Hall?
Yes, sir, we have seen here the attempt to
bring into ridicule and contempt tho last refuge
of liberty for the oppressed. The only hope
that now lights up tho darkness of the horizon
is that court; and that court has been rudely
assailed here in this Hall, and why? Because it
proclaimed a truth known to every lawyer who
has read at all. That truth was that a "mili-
tary commission taking charge of a citizen not
connected with the Army or the Navy, and
trying and executinghim is guilty of murder."
That is the whole of it. And I aver now that
whenever a civilian, not connected with tho
Army or tho Navy, is tried by a military com-
mission, sentenced and executed, that is an
act of cold-blooded murder; and there is not
a lawyer in the United States who can frame
even a plausible defense for such an act. And
for declining that truth the Supreme Court of
the United States has been assailed and every-
where treated with contempt. And now, right
in the face of that decision of the highest judi-
cial tribunal of this country, it is proposed to
reenact and sanction these bloody military
commissions.
Now, as I said before, if any of these bills
is to pass, I care not which it is. The one
coming from the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Eliot] is only vailed and concealed
a little. It provides for military rule, for a
brigadier general who is to command in Louisi-
ana, and to have all the force he desires to
carry out his will. There is the absolute con-
trol, the bloody despotism of military power ;
though kept a little in the background, it is
not a whit better than the other bill.
Now, I again call on gentlemen who deny
that the Union has been dissolved, for I sop-
pose this military bill is to pass if any does, to
pause before they take this last and final step.
What does this bill do? It proclaims'the Union
dissolved; it declares that ten States are out
of the Union ; and if ten States are out all arc
out; tho Constitution holds and binds all to-
gether or it holds none. It proclaims that
the Union is dissolved; that the experiment
of man's capacity for self-government is a fail-
ure. This is the last struggle, and I fear its
result will be as sad and melancholy as that of
former republics. All along the stream of time
you can see the wrecks of departed republics.
The last experiment is now being made in
this country. And yet gentlemen are disposed
to rushmadly upon the passage of a bill de-
claring in substancc that the Union is dissolved,
establishing an absolute military despotism
over ten States with a population of eight or
ten million people, giving to the military com-
mander unlimited and absolute power over
life, liberty, property, and all things else. True,
it is said—and it is all the more humiliating
that it is said—that when a military commis-
sion shall try and pass sentence of death upon
a citizen, he shall not be executed until the
brigadier general commanding shall approve
the sentence. That is, a man is not to lose
his head until there is time to prepare an ax
and block.
And, then, another provision of the bill is
still more humiliating ; that while the writ of
habeas "corpus is suspended everywhere in the
southern States it is placed under the absolute
control of military officers, and a commissioned
officer, a colonel in the Army, may, as an act
of sovereign grace and mercy, give authority to
tho Chief Justice of the Supreme Court to issue
a writ of habeas corpus. Now, how humiliating
it is to talk about passing a bill that puts the
judicial power of tho United States, with all
laws, constitutions, and courts, absolutely
under the ieet'of military power !
And yet as an act of mere grace you say to
a justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States, if a colonel in the Army shall write
giving you permission to do so, you may issue
a writ of habeas corpus, but not otherwise.
Now, sir, it would be folly to inquire whether
a bill like this finds any favor in the Constitu-
tion. That is a question which does not de-
serve argument. Every man who gives the
subject impartial consideration mustknow that
there is not a shadow of constitutional author-
ity for it. Let me remind you, sir, that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs]
does not protend to claim constitutional au-
thority for it. Why. sir, when West Virginia
was erected into a State that gentleman him-
self declared that there was no constitutional
authority for that step, and that he found no
warrant for it in the Constitution, and that he
voted for it on oilier grounds.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will per-
mit me, I desire to state that what I said on
that occasion was this: that I did not vote for
the erection of that State under any provision
of the Constitution giving us authority. My
idea was that to call on Virginia as then or-
ganized to give consent to the formation of the
State of West Virginia was absurd. I held,
although all my friends on the other side of
the House did not all coincide with me, that
as part of the conquered territory of tho na-
tion, we had a right to deal with that State as
we pleased. I voted for the bill on that ground.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I under-
stood it so, precisely. But in that ease, as in
others, the gentleman from Pennsylvania was
a pioneer. The gentlemen on the other side
have all adopted his doctrine, at least enough
of them to sustain him in contending that the
Union was dissolved and that the Constitution
was no longer applicable to the question. I
say it to the credit of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania that he is always, logical and
consistent in his argument, though his prem-
ises on these questions are, as I think, always
wrong; but grant his premises and you cannot
