1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
#08
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the bill (S.
No. 69) to provide for the payment of pensions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is on the first amendment reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary to the
amendment proposed by the House of Repre-
sentatives, which is in line eleven of the House
amendment, to strikeout" January" and insert
'• October."
Mr. HOWE. I move an amendment to
that, to strike out " October" and insert
" July."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The vote
was taken on that amendment and it was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. Very well.
The amendment of the committee to the
House amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Judiciary Com-
mittee was in line twelve of the House amend-
ment, to strikeout "six" and insert "five."
Mr. HOWE. 1 hope that amendment will
not be agreed to. If it is, the effect of it is,
if it has any effect, to dismiss from office in
thirty days every pension agent who has been
appointed since the 1st of October, 1865. But
if we disagree to this amendment the clause
will only remove those who have been ap-
Eointed since the 1st of October, 1866, and I
ope the Senate will not agree to the amend-
ment of the committee. I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senate will only listen
to the effect of the amendment asked for here
by the committee it seems to me they will dis-
agree to it. If we agree to that amendment,
as I said before, we throw out of office every
agent who has been appointed since the 1st
of October, 1865. If we do not agree to it
nobody will be displaced except those who
have been appointed since the 1st of October,
1866.
Mr. SUMNER. That does not go back far
enough.
Mr. HOWE. I think it does go back far
enough.
Mr. SUMNER. The month of August was
a very destructive month. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. It is a curious fact, Mr. Pres-
ident, that, however destructive the month of
August may have been to other officers, it is
not known to have struck down any pension
agent. I cannot hear of one in the United
States. It is a remarkable fact, but I think
we ought to give due credit to it and be grate-
ful for it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have heard no argu-
ment yet that satisfies me that this amendment
or any such amendment ought to be adopted.
I understand that the object ia to remove
from office certain persons who have been ap-
pointed, so as to make the offices vacant and
put it in the hands of the President to make
new appointments. I suppose that these ap-
pointments which have heretofore been -made
are regarded as objectionable, and for that
reason it is thought to be advisable to remove
them. But what assurance have we that the
new appointments will be any better than those
that have already been made? Is there any par-
ticular necessity for this amendment ? Will any
advantage be gained to anybody by its adoption ?
I have no doubt that the appointments hereto-
fore made, many of them, are exceptionable ;
and if the Senate had any remedy it would be
well enough to apply that remedy ; but if they
are removed I suppose, if not the same men,
similar men will be appointed by the President
and> their appointments must be confirmed by
the Senate or there will be no persons to dis-
charge the duties of these offices. I should
like to know what is to be gained by this pro-
posed amendment.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, I have but
very little knowledge of this bill, and there-
fore, although I have called it up frequently, I
have not attempted to say anything in relation
to it. The bill was originally passed by the
Senate at the last session, and the purpose of
it was to give the appointment of these officers
to the President of the United States, subject
to confirmation by the Senate. They have
been heretofore and are now appointed by the
Secretary of the Interior; and while the office
was of little importance it was perhaps well
enough that the incumbents should be ap-
pointed in that way, but these offices have
become now of great importance. These men
have the distribution of large amounts of
money, and their offices are very important.
After its passage by the Senate this bill was
taken up in the other House and amended, as
Senators will see by examiningthe print before
them ; and I apprehend that unless we agree to
the House amendment in some form, the bill
may not pass and become a law. Therefore,
although so far as I am concerned personally
I have little care about this amendment, I think
it better that it should be adopted substantially
as it came from the committee, and I hope that
it will be done and that we may be able to dis-
pose of the bill at the present time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Iftheamendmentwhich
is now before the Senate should be adopted,
would it then be in order to move to strike ont
all of the proviso in the House amendment
and substitute other words ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Such a
motion would be in order, but the Chair is
advised that there is already an amendment to
the proviso proposed by the committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to strike out all
after the words "provided further" in line
nine of the House amendment to the close of
that amendment, and to insert other words.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Such a
motion in the opinion of the Chair will clearly
be in order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But it is not in order
now, as I understand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not while
another amendment is pending. The question
now is on the amendment proposed by the
committee to strike out "six" inline twelve
and insert "five," and upon this amendment
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yea 1, nays 30 ; as follows:
YEA—Mr. Chandler—1.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cattell, Con-
ness, Cragin, Edmunds, Fogg, Foster, Frelinghuysen,
Grimes, Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Kirk-
wood, Lane, Morgan, Morrill, Norton, Patterson,
Ramsey, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sum-
ner, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, and Williams—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cowan, Creswell, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Fowler, Guthrie, Harris,
Henderson, MeDougall, Nesmith, Nye, Poland, Pom-
eroy, Kiddle, Ross, Trumbull, Wilson, and Yates—21.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The next amendment of the Judiciary Com-
mittee was to strike out of the House amend-
ment the following words:
And that the Pscyident shall, within fifteen days
from the passage of this act, nominate to the Senate
persons for pension agents in the several agencies in
which pension agents have been appointed since the
said 1st day of January, A. D. 1866: and that all pen-
sion agents appointed prior to said date last named,
and now acting, shall continuo in their respective
offices until tlieir successors shall he nominated and
confirmed in accordance with the provisions of this
act.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
And of all other pension agents when successors
shall be dub* appointed in their places.
So as to make the House amendment read :
That the number of pension agencies in any State
or Territory shall in no case be increased hereafterso
as to exceed three, and that no such agency shall be
established in addition to those now existing, in any
State or Territory in which the whole amount of pen-
sions paid during the fiscal year next preceding shall
not have exceeded thesum of $500,(XX): And provided
further. That the term of office of all pension agents
appointed since the 1st day of October, A. D. 1866,
shall expire at the end of thirty days from the passage
of this act, and of all other pension agents when suc-
cessors shall be duly appointed in their places.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment of
the House of Representatives as amended.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend the
House amendment by striking.out the whole
proviso after the word "further" in the ninth
line to the end of the twenty-third line, and in
lieu of those words inserting:
That the term of offiee of all pension agents now
in office shall expire when successors shall be duly
appointed.
As the section now stands Congress will
legislate out of office pension agents who have
been appointed since the 1st day of last Octo-
ber and leave all other pension agents to go
oat of office when their successors shall be
duly appointed. I do not think the Senate of
the United States would want to occupy that
position, legislating with reference to a few
office-holders in one way, and to another set of
office-holders of the same class, appointed by
virtue of the same authority, holding their
offices under the same law, in another, mode.
I do not know of any instance in which Con-
gress have legislated the incumbents out of
office where they have changed the office so as
to make it subject to presidential instead of
a departmental appointment, but have left them
to go out of office as all other officers do when
successors are properly appointed. Now, why
not do that in regard to this set of officers? I
propose here that hereafter pension agents
shall be appointed by the President, subject to
confirmation by the Senate, and that the pres-
ent incumbents shall go out when successors
are thus appointed. I think that would be
decent legislation on the part of Congress; but
to select a few men and legislate them out and
legislate others in is not becoming this body,
as I think.
Mr. LANE. BythebillastheSenatepassed
it at the last session it was provided that all
pension agents should be hereafter appointed
by the President, subject to confirmation by the
Senate. The amendment of the House, as now
amended, is, that the term of office of all pen-
sion agents appointed since the 1st of October,
1866, shall expire within thirty days after the
passage of the bill, and it shall be the duty of
the President to send in others: and all pension
agents appointed prior to that time hold their
offices at the pleasure of the President subject
to be removed, and their offices expire when-
: ever he shall nominate successors who shall be
confirmed by the Senate. My object in voting
i for this amendment of the House is simply to
limit the term of office of those who have been
appointed since the 1st of October, 1866, and
who have displaced Republicans appointed
under a Republican Administration, honest,
faithful, andcompetentmen, with out any charge
having been made against them, but simply for
political considerations. I give this vote know-
ingly and most willingly with a view to limit
j the term of office of all those who have received
i appointments since the 1st of October, 1866,
and I hope my colleague's amendment will not
prevail. I vote with that express object to
legislate out of office those gentlemen who have
been appointed to supply the places of others
from mere political considerations.
Mr! BUCKALEW. I should like to know
whether this amendment if agreed to strikes out
the amendment of the committee at the end of
the section which has already been adopted.
I understand the object to be to get rid of the
whole of the section commencing with the word
"and" in the ninth line. What I want to
call attention to is the provision which the Sen-
ate has agreed to as reported from the com-
mittee that these officers shall hold their offices
until their successors are duly appointed. I
desire to call the attention of the Senate to the
| fact that we are establishing these offices during
' the pleasure of both the President and the Sen-
ate. We may be creating what may be equiva-
lent to life officers, or very nearly that, instead
of following the policy which has prevailed to a
great extent in recent legislation of limiting
terms of office, giving them some fixed dura-
tion. I think it is hardly worth while for the
purpose of disturbing a few officers, if there
are indeed any who have been appointed since
the 1st of October, to intrude this principle
into our legislation.
