1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1843
important, is it that the people should be edu-
cated and how educated ? Not by colleges, not
by high schools ; they are very well; but tliey
are out of the reach of the great mass. They
are to be educated by common schools. The
New England system of common school educa-
tion must reach the whole mass of our people,
or this country, perhaps we may say, cannot
be sustained. In view of that, this bill is im-
mensely important. I trust the bill will pass.
I shall take up no time in speaking upon it,
because I know it is important to bring it to a
vote at once.
Mr. SUMNER. I am unwilling that this
bill should be embarrassed by any question of
words. I am for the bill in its substance,
whatever words may be employed. Call it a
bureau if you please, or call it a department;
I accept it under either designation. The
Senator from Connecticut has not too strongly
depicted the necessity of the case. We are to
have universal suffrage, a natural consequence
of universal emancipation, but that I fear will
almost be a barren scepter in the hands of the
people unless we give them also education.
From the beginning of our troubles I have fore-
seen this question. Through the agency and
under the influence of the national Govern-
ment education is to be promoted in the rebel
States. To that end we need some central
agency. That, if I understand it, is to be sup-
plied by the bill now before us.
Call it then I say a bureau, or call it a
department; but give us the bill, and do not
endanger it, at this moment, in this late hour
of the session, by any unnecessary amendment.
For myself, sir, I would if I could give it the
highest designation. If there is any term in
our dictionary that would give it peculiar sig-
nificance I should prefer that. Indeed I should
not hesitate, if I could have my way, to place
the head of the Department of Education in
the Cabinet of the United States. In that we
should only follow the practice of one of the
civilized Governments of the world. I refer to
France, which for years has had one of its
responsible members of the cabinet a minister
of education. But there is no such proposition
now before us. The question is simply on a
name; and I hope we shall not take up time
with regard to it.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts, though a more powerful advocate of
education, is not a more earnest one than my-
self.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course not.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not understand the
value of the Senator's argument when he says
that he is prepared to make this a department,
giving the head of it a seat in the Cabinet. If
he is disposed so to dignify it and render it
important, then he certainly or the friends of
this measure have fallen very far short of that
object. I do not understand the legitimacy of
bringing such an expression to bear in favor
of the form the bill now has, when the Senator
has failed to give it that importance and dignity
in the preparation of the bill. I think that the
question of making this complication is one of
consequence. I agree to the importance of a
bill of this character; but I do not agree with
the Senator from Illinois when he claims the
degree of merit which he did while he was up
for this measure. It will not at once regulate
the great subject of education and control it in
the States of this Union. I do not see, indeed,
by the provisions of the bill that it is in any
considerable degree to effect any such purpose;
but I do agree that it is an important measure
in the initiation of what may become, to some
extent, a controlling and useful and necessary
power. But if Senators are not prepared to
give it the importance and dignity of a depart-
ment of this Government, then I ask them not
to complicate the question by calling it a de-
partment with three clerks.
As to the objection to sending the bill back
to the House with an amendment, there is no
force in that as I think. The Senator from
Illinois said that it was important to give the
head of this bureau, or so-called department,
the appointment of the clerks. I think so,
too ; but that may be given by an amendment,
which I propose to suggest, striking out at the
end of the second section all after the words
"per annum " and inserting the following:
And the said clerks shall be appointed by the Sec-
retary of tlie Interior, on the nomnuilionof the com-
missioner. |
It need not be claimed that this is taking
away the appointment from a source author- i
ized by law, because the appointment may be
made out of a number selected and presented
by the commissioner, thus securing persons of
educational ability for those offices. I thought
when I made the suggestion of amendment
that it would at once meet with the approba-
tion of the Senators who promise so much for
this bill.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, the struggle to
emancipate the nation is just ended. The
struggle to enfranchise the nation is almost
ended. The struggle to educate the nation is
just commencing, and commencing with this l
bill. I shall not detain the Senate, except so
long as to say that viewing it in that light I
shall give my vote and my whole heart to this
bill. That it is the best bill that could be pre-
pared I shall not affirm, for I do not know.
I believe that any effort is better than no effort.
I believe that to amend this bill, or to attempt
to amend it, tends only to defeat any effort;
and therefore I shall oppose any amendment
that can be offered, and I shall vote for the
bill just as it stands.
Mr. HOWARD. I shall vote for the bill;
that is, for the principle of the bill, for it is one
which I favor; but I do think there is great
weight in what the Senator from California has
said with regard to making it a department. I
think the word " department" as it is used in
this bill, is rather an unconstitutional applica-
tion of the word. What does the Constitution
contemplate as a department of the Govern-
ment ? Its language is quite plain on that sub-
ject.
"He [the President] may require the opinion, in
writing, of the principal officer in eaoh of the Execu-
tive Departments upon any subject relating to the
duties of their respective offices," &c.
Now, sir, it has been the usage of the coun-
try, it has been the understanding of the peo-
ple from the foundation of the Government,
that a Department of the Government of the
United States is such an institution as has at
its head a gentleman who is a member of the
Cabinet, who is a Secretary of State, or of the
Treasury, or is Attorney General, or Post-
master General. This view seems to me to
derive additional strength from the use of the
phrase in the succeeding section, "heads of
Departments" as connected with the power of
appointment to office under the Government
of the United States. It seems to me when
the Constitution, therefore, speaks of a De-
partment it means such a department whose
head has, under the Constitution, a right to
appoint, if the law so allows, to offices, as is
the case in all the heads of Departments. I
do not think that the simple calling of what is
in reality a bureau a department, and giving it
a head, gives to that head any additional power
or authority under the Constitution. In short,
sir, I think it is a misapplication of terms to
call it a department; and I think we com-
mitted an error when we called the Agricul-
tural Bureau a department; and for one I
regret that I voted to give it such a designa-
tion. I hope, therefore, that the slight amend-
ment of the Senator from California will pre-
vail. It cannot delay the passage of the bill,
for I am quite sure the House will at once con-
cur in what is merely a correction of the desig-
nation of the officer.
Mr. NORTON. Understanding this bill as
I do, that it is merely for the purpose of estab-
lishing here at the seat of Government a bureau
to disseminate information generally through-
out the country-in regard to education, I shall
vote for it; but if I understood it, as it seems
the Senator from Wisconsin and the Senator
from Illinois do, and perhaps the Senator from
California, that it will lead to the establishment
of a bureau or department here which, under
the direction of Congress, shall have control
of the school systeitis of the various States and
shall regulate those systems, I should certainly
oppose it. I believe that the cause of educa-
tion in the various States is best promoted by
being exclusively under the direction of the
States, and that each State should have the
exclusive management and direction of its
school funds and the disposition of all grants
made by Congress for the establishment and
maintenance and support of schools within its
limits. Now, we have in the State of Minne-
sota adopted a school system; we have adopted
a system of disposal of our school lands, deem-
ing it the best that could be devised, and it is
one that is satisfactory to the people of the
State of Minnesota.
I should be very reluctant, indeed, by any vote
I might give here to seem to approve of a prop-
osition that any authority or any power out-
side of the State should interfere with the dis-
posal of those lands or interfere with the man-
agement of the proceeds of the sales of those
lands. Believing, however, this bill to be
merely the establishment of a bureau here for
the purpose or disseminating information in
regard to schools and education, informing one
State of the progress of education in another,
informing one State of the manner of conduct-
ing schools and the school systems to be found
in another, and believing that to be beneficial
and of advantage to the country, I approve of
it; but I repeat, if I thought it had the scope
that the Senator from Illinois seems to intimate
it might have, or that it would lead to legisla-
tion which would effect that, I should certainly
oppose it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from California.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
•The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. When this measure was first
introduced, I hardly thought that its patrons
were serious in urging it. It seems to me to
be more of a device to create officers and
patronage and to make drafts on the Treasury
than anything else. Instead of increasing the
bureaus in the Departments, I would be willing
to discontinue about half a dozen of them. I
think there are a great deal too many already.
Mr. President, I do not believe that Congress
is competent to take under its care and man-
agement the subject of education, except in
this District. In the States I am firmly con-
vinced that that all-important matter can be
much more wisely and successfully provided
for by the State authorities and the people of
the State. In addition to that, I doubt seriously
the power and the competence of Congress to
pass this measure. This thing of Congress
drawing into the vortex of the power of the
national Government so many subjects and
interests that, according to my judgment, belong
Eeculiarly to the States, and were intended to
e left exclusively to State management, and
that can be so much more wisely and success-
fully and beneficially managed by the States
than by Congress, is a very mistaken policy.
That is my humble opinion. I have merely
said what I have said to express my entire
dissent from this measure.
Mr. YATES. I wish to say a very few
words on this bill, because I desire to identify
myself with it. I believe it will pass; I be-
lieve it ought to pass. I think it will produce
beneficial results to the nation, now and here-
after, through all the future history of the
Government.
I did not like the tenor of the argument of
the Senator from Minnesota, and also of the
Senator from Kentucky, in introducing the
question of what belongs to the States and
what belongs to the General Government. I
think we have had lessons enough in the past
to know and understand that for all time to
come we are a nation, not States merely, but a
nation, with the powers and attributes of sov-
