1168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
combat his argument. He never .held that
there was any authority in the Constitution for
the bill creating the State of West Virginia,
nor does he take the ground that there is any
authority in, the Constitution for this military
bill. As the gentleman from Pennsylvania is
now in his seat I will repeat a remark which I
made a short time ago ,when he was abseht.
I said that he was the first to make the start-
ling announcement here in this House a few
years, ago, "That all compacts between the
North and the South were abrogated, and that
the laws of nations and of war thenceforward
controlled the destinies of each party in the
conflict then pending." That is his ground.
He is too good a lawyer ever to claim that
there is any warrant in the Constitution for
this bill. He will not do it. Yet gentlemen
on that side, of the House who pretend to
repudiate his doctrine follow him in the sup-
port of this measure.
If they had taken his ground they would at
least have made a show of consistency. When
lie made the announcement to which I refer I
was a little startled, and I remember that two
or three gentlemen whom I see here sprang
upon their feet and drew him into a- sharp
debate. But he said that he was a pioneer.
The idea then occurred to me that with a sort
of mischievous foresight he was looking for-
ward to the termination of the war. He saw
that this Union platform would only bear their
expenses to the close of the war, and antici-
pating, what now occurs, that when the war was
over and the rebellion suppressed, atsd these
States being States in the Union there would
be no constitutional ground for keeping them
out. Hence he took the ground that he did,
two or three years ago, looking forward with a
degree of foresight that seemed to belong to
none other of his party to the time when the
States in rebellion should be conquered—the
time when the war would have ceased. Hence
he took the ground that the Union was dis-
solved, and all compacts between the North
and the South abrogated, that the conquered
would be subject to the will of the conqueror.
Having taken that ground two or three years
ago he now /eels that he can consistently
occupy it when the war is over.
At that time the doctrine of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania did not find a single in-
dorsee Yet he declared to those of his own
party who took issue with him that he was a
pioneer, and that they would all in due time
come forward and occupy his ground. This
has come to pass, and it seems to me that the
whole host of that party are now madly rush-
ing this Government headlong to destruction.
Without stopping to argue in reference to this
bill, 1 ask gentlemen who love republican gov-
ernment whether they are not alarmed at the
idea that such a measure as this should find
any favor here ?
Think of the idea of establishing and en-
throning a supreme, absolute despotism over
eight or ten million people in the ten States of
the South! Think of surrendering up every
power into the hands of the military 1 But a
few months ago you were alarmed at the mere
shadow of monarchy in Mexico. The Monroe
doctrine was urged against tolerating monarchy
anywhere upon this continent, and yet gentle-
• men seem to have forgotten all that; they are
now ready to establish and enthrone an abso-
lute military despotism over ton States of the
Union.
How long do you suppose there will be any
respect felt for republican government in any
part of the country? When the Supreme Court
of the United States and the Chief Executive
of the nation are denounced, when both are
ridiculed and brought into contempt, when one
third of our whole territory is surrendered up
and passes into the hands of a bloody des-
potism, how long will the people revere the
Constitution ? How long will these military
men in the South be satisfied with this power,
with absolute and supreme power over one
thiri of the Union? Does any man suppose
they will be content with that? How long will
it be before that despotism will extend and
enlarge itself until it covers the whole Union?
Mr. Speaker, those military men who receive
these appointments, who are to be intrusted
with this absolute power of life and death over
loyal and disloyal must of necessity have the
spirit of tyrants. It is utterly impossible it
can be otherwise.' No matter what is intended,
such is the result. You are going to place
absolute power in the hands of the worst^men
to be found in the United States. There is no
true patriot, no friend of his country, who will
ever aid in subverting and destroying its liberty.
In other words there is no man who will con-
sent to do the work of a tyrant who is not a.
traitor and a tyrant himself. I say it boldly
whenever you pass this bill, any man—I do not
care what his fame may have been before—
who accepts an office like this of absolute
power of life and death over one third of the
whole country must necessarily be a tyrant and
traitor.
Mr. Speaker, I repeat, no man who is not a
tyrant himself can fill the office and do the
work of a tyrant. You are, then, proposing
to establish an absolute despotism withojat liny
hope that any other than a tyrant will fill the
office. You cannot escape this conclusion;
and I ask the House to mark it well.
Now, sir, we have been told the South have
forfeited their rights. If they have, do you
acquire constitutional power by reason of that
forteiture ? Such has been the strange argu-
ment we have heard upon this floor, that we
have the power to do this, that, and the other
thing to establish a despotism over ten States
of this Union. And why ? Because they have
forfeited their rights. Does any lawyer here
contend that a forfeiture of rights enlarges the
constitutional power of Congress? I)o you
acquire power in that way? No man who has
a reputation as a lawyer can successfully up-
hold any such doctrine.
Let us look at it a little further. Gentlemen-
admit that there are loyal men in those States
and loyal men have been there during the whole
war, but loyalty it seems is to go for nothing
under this bill. This military despotism is to
press alike upon the loyal and the disloyal. It
is therefore a cruel mockery to talk about the
loyal people in the South when you establish a
military despotism like this over loyal as well
as disloyal. Loyal_ as well as disloyal, aged
men and women, infants in the cradle, all
alike to be crushed under this despotism !
Ah, but most of them are disloyal, you say.
Are they? Does any man in his sober senses
believe it is the right way to make them loyal
to tax them without representation and treat
them as slaves ? Will they learn to love and
reverence a Government when they are visited
by nothing but its merciless cruelty and op-
pression?
And now, sir, in regard to all these stories
of crime in the South that we have heard again
and again until we are weary of their repeti-
tion. I do not pretend to say but what there
are outrages in the South in almost every
county, and possibly even in every neighbor-
hood. But what of it? Suppose a record had
been made up of the horrid crimes and bar-
barous erulties that have occurred in any sec-
tion of the North; is there a child that need
be misled by it? The truth probably is, that
the whole community in the North, South,
East, and West has become to some extent
demoralized. They have been accustomed to
look upon the shedding of human blood with
less horror than formerly. The whole land
has been deluged as it were in blood. A ter-
rible war has prevailed for four years, and the
natural result is demoralization, and I appre-
hend there is quite as much of it, if not more,
in the eastern States as anywhere else.
Let me cite a few examples. Only a few days
ago we read an account of two aged females,
(white women, one aged sixty and the other
seventy,) living in a quiet, secluded place in
the State of Maine, whose house was entered
by ruffians, who first brutally violated their per-
sons and then murdered them. You may look
long before finding in the dark catalogue of
crime a more brutal and savage outrage.
Mr. PERHAM. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I cannot do
so just now.
Mr. PERHAM. I wished to state a fact
which may not be known to the country in con-
nection with that outrage.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Another ease
is reported as occurring in the State of Ohio
quite recently. A lieutenant in the Federal
Army, named Blackburn, after serving in the
war, married a widow, who had a child (a
little daughter) seven years of age. They had
not been married but a short time until these
monsters conspired together, by a systematic
course of fiendish cruelty, to murder and put
this child out of the way. They beat and abused
her from day to day, and when she complained
of the bruises and pains in her limbs they thrust
her arms upon a red-hot stove and roasted them
until they were black and charred to the bone.
Another case, not quite so recent, occurred
in the State of l,rew York, where a clergyman
named Lindsley whipped to death his own
little boy, three or four years old, because, as
it was first stated, the child would not say his
prayers. The clergyman was tried the other
day, convicted and sentenced for manslaughter.
This was a white boy.
Then there was another case that I know
more about, where' a white man rushed upon a
free woman and cut her throat without provo-
cation. Her daughter and son rushed to her
relief; he attempted to murder them" and they
narrowly escaped. But this free woman was
white and her husband was the murderer, and
all the murdered victims I have mentioned
were white persons, and hence we have had no
strolling vagabond committees prowling over
the country to hunt up and report the facts.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. The perpetrators were all
arrested •
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. How do you
know that? [Laughter.] I could gather up
from any section of the country cases enough
of brutal outrages by husbands upon their
wives and embody them in a document that
would seem to be alarming. But what would
it all amount to in the estimation of any sensi-
ble man? And this is what has been done in
regard to cases in the South. It was narrated
and published all through the land some time
ago that some ten or fifteen negroes had been
beaten almost to death, and were found con-
gregated in the streets of Lexington, Ken-
tucky, in a most pitiable condition. General
Fisk was reported to have published this case
in a speech at Cincinnati. The Legislature of
Kentucky promptly ordered a committee of
investigation ; General Fisk was notified to
attend. The investigation was made, and it
was established by irrefragable proof that the
whole story was a sheer fabrication. Well,
the general may have thought so; he may
have thought it was true. But we all know
that those stories are very much exaggerated ;
and after all, you may go to the South and
gather up all the worst cases you can hear of,
yet the picture will not be so bad as that pre-
sented in the New England States—in Massa-
chusetts or in Maine.
As to these stories of the South, is it not
well known that during the last session of Con-
gress letter-writers were sent all through the
South to gather up such stories and send them
home to the North? Why was it done ? Be-
cause these radical politicians wanted a fiery,
burning, sectional sentiment at home in the
North to sustain them, and they sent out their
agents to find or manufacture stories and send
home to feed and lan it and keep it aliv.e and
burning.
Mr. PERHAM. I wish to say, by way of
explanation, that the horrid murder referred
to, which was committed in the State of Maine,
was committed in my own district; and in jus-
tice to my constituents I must add that the
man, who has been arrested, and who has con-
fessed his guilt, has also confessed that he was
