1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
405
Some court may think they have a right to
sry without a jury.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. It isin the
power of the Senator from Vermont to accept
that amendment and make it a part of his own;
but this is an amendment to an amendment, in
the second degree, and is not susceptible of
further amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was about to suggest to
the Senator from Vermont that he had better
amend his proposition in that way by inserting
the words " upon trial and conviction thereof
so as to read " guilty of a high misdemeanor,
and on trial and conviction thereof, he shall be
punished," &c., in the first, second, and last
sections of his amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will accept the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maryland out of
respect to his opinion.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. The amend-
ment to the amendment will be so modified.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to call the attention
of the Senator from Vermont to what he may
not think of much importance ;.it is the penalty.
I observe that there is a maximum penalty
fixed, but not a minimum penalty. Now I
will ask the Senator, upon the whole, consid-
ering the whole subject, whether it would not
be advisable to have a minimum penalty. I
can imagine, and I think the Senator can, a
judge who, taking advantage of the language,
might, for instance, inflict a fine of one dollar,
five dollars, or something that would be trivial.
I would suggest to him, therefore, to guard
against that by fixing a minimum penalty;
say $500 or $1,000. It seems to me that any
person who can be convicted under a statute
of such importance ought not to escape with
a small penalty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has been general, al-
though not universal, in the enactment of penal
laws to fix the maximum of punishment and
not to fix the minimum, leaving it to the sound
discretion of the tribunal before whom the
offender may be convicted to decide how small,
down to merely a nominal punishment, the
penalty which the law should visit upon the
offense should be; and that, in my opinion, is
the true principle as a general rule upon which
penal legislation ought to proceed. Therefore,
I did not think it advisable, and I think my
friend from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] who was
very usefully instrumental in the drawing up
of these additional sections, will agree with
me in thinking that it would not be wise in this
instance more than in any other, for the pres-
ent at least, until we shall find that the courts
abuse the discretion which we leave to them,
to fix any minimum to the punishment. The
provisions of the sections now extend to every
ofiiccr in the Treasury Department who can
by any reasonable possibility have any connec-
tion or agency, no matter how small, in paying
out money illegally to these persons, or in
passing any account or voucher, or giving them
a commission, or doing an) thing in the chain
of transactions which shall result, or may re-
sult in getting the public money into the hands
of persons who may not be entitled to receive
it. Now, cases may happen, and they do un-
fortunately generally happen, where if any-
body is to be prosecuted it is some minor of-
fender. He who, if there should be any vio-
lation of this law. is most likely to be the chief
offender, whether a President or a Secretary,
or whoever violates it; and I do not mean by
this to intimate that either of those gentlemen
would wish to violate it; but whoever the chief
offender in such a matter is, generally is not
the person who is prosecuted; but the law
seizes upon some easy victim; and it is almost
always the case. Now, I think, just as we all
think in general on such subjects, that there
ought to be a discretion in the court before
whom the offender shall be tried and convicted
to take into consideration the extenuating cir-
cumstances of his offense, the humbleness of
his position, the temptation to which he was
exposed, and all those circumstances which in
the wise adm inistration of criminal justice enter
into and compose a part of the consideration
which imposes the penalty, and to leave it thus
to the judge to say down to the nominal point
how much the penalty should be. That is my
opinion.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall make no motion on
the question; but as I am going to defer en-
tirely to the Senator from Vermont, I should
like to have his attention merely for the minute
or two in whiek I shall reply. I am not aware
that the usage of the statutes is as uniform as
the Senator represents. Indeed, I think he
will find that in all the earlier legislation there
was a maximum and a minimum penalty. I
think the disposition latterly has been to have
only a maximum penalty.
However, without going into that question,
looking at it simply as a question of reason and
expediency, I have only now to ask yon to con-
sider whether, under the peculiar circumstances
of this case, there may not be special reasons
for a minimum penalty. You wish a statute
that shall really be stringent, that as you read
it shall seem to carry its penalties through,
right to the mark. Do you do so if you have
simply the maximum penalty? The answer is
obvious, that a judge, if so disposed, may abso-
lutely or almost nullify your statute. He may
hear the trial, listen to the verdict of guilty, and
theu let the offender go. Now shall it be, sir?
Shall we not in this case, where political tempta-
tion may intrude on the bench, make a provis-
ion that shall at least secure a certain degree
of punishment.
That is what I have to say in reply to my
friend from Vermont. If it does not impress
him as it does me, I shall leave him to follow
his own judgment; I shall not interfere with
his bill by a motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend is mistaken,
as he rarely is, respecting the state of the pen-
alties in the early statutes. The first penal
statute that was ever passed by the Govern-
ment of the United States of America, or
about the first one, the act of 1790, the general
criminal code of the United States, does not
provide, so far as I observe, holding it in my
hand, by a rapid examination, any minimum
penalties at all, except it may be for the pun-
ishment of treason, which is death, which is
both the maximum and minimum at the same
time; and then the second section for misprision
of treason punishes the party by imprisonment
not exceeding seven years and a fine not ex-
ceeding SI,000, and so on. The observations
which the Senator from Massachusetts has
submitted to us are undoubtedly entitled to
great weight as applied to the circumstances
that now exist, and to respect; but let me tell
him that the difficulty is, when you are passing
a penal statute, or any other statute which
requires the judicial departments of the Gov-
ernment to enforce it or to punish violations
of it, if in framing that statute you act upon
the theory of distrusfr-of the judicial tribunal
that is to vindicate it, you may just as well
not pass the statute at all, because if you have
a judge before whom any offender against this
act is to be tried who is so swerved by polit-
ical bias or any other improper motive as to
induce him to mitigate the punishment below
what in justice it ought to be, he never will
suffer a conviction at all. I need not tell
my learned friend from Massachusetts, who
is familiar with the courts of that Common-
wealth, as pure and as able as any in the
country, how easy it is for a judge, without
exposing himself to the least degree of sus-
picion, to overthrow a criminal prosecution.
Nothing is easier in the world. Therefore, we
cannot have any safety in the administration
of this law if we go upon the theory that wo
cannot trust the courts to punish the infraction
of it. If we cannot, we may as well not pass
it, except as vindicating ourselves and provid-
ing such further means as, if this passes, we
shall be provided with for asserting the majesty
of the law in another way against any person
who offends against it, where some other than
the ordinary judicial tribunals of the country
will be the grand tribunal before whom the
trial and conviction, if conviction ought to
follow, will be had.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I assisted
in the preparation of these amendments, and
I concur in the views expressed by the Sena-
tor from Vermont, for the reason, in the first
place, that this is a new offense created by
statute, and it does not define a crime in-
volving moral turpitude, but rather a political
offense ; and there is some ground to suppose
that mistakes may be made under this law by
persons in office, and I think that insueh cases
there should be a large discretion left to the
court. As was suggested by the Senator from
Vermont, this law applies as well to subordi-
nates as to the principals who may be con-
cerned in administering the law, and if a pros-
ecution should be directed against a subordi-
nate instead of the principal, as it maybe, then
I think the court should have a discretion to
proportion the punishment to the circumstances
of the accused.
But I will suggest to the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts that where a person is tried and
convicted under this law, he is not only to be
fined or imprisoned, or punished in both ways,
but certain disqualifications follow the convic-
tion. Whenever a person is convicted under
this law, he is convicted of a felony, and ac-
cording to the law of this country whenever a
man is convicted of a felony, he becomes dis-
qualified to hold any office at any future time;
and that of itself I should regard as a very great
punishment to any man who might be, while
engaged in the discharge of the duties of his
office, prosecuted and convicted of malfea-
sance and condemned to the punishment which
the law directs—a penalty which is followed by
a disqualification to hold any office, and in
many of the States he is also disfranchised
upon such a conviction. I think there is no
danger to apprehend that this law has not suf-
ficient terror in it to prevent its violation.
Mr. HOWARD. I concur fully in the view
taken of this amendment by the Senator from
Massachusetts. It seems to me clear enough
that under a strict construction of this amend-
ment a court would not be departing from it^
duty, its strict, legal duty, if it should refuse to
inflict any punishment at all upon the offender
after he had been formally tried and convicted,
because the amendment declares that he shall
not be punished by fine exceeding a certain
amount, without fixing any_ minimum, and
shall not be punished by imprisonment beyond
a certain number of years.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator misunder-
stands the language. It does not say he " shall
not be punished by fine exceeding," but it says
he shall be punished by a fine not exceeding
$10,000.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well. How then is
the court to affix any penalty at all ? The
court is not bound to impose one cent of fine
or one hour of imprisonment, is it? .Suppose
a court should omit to sentence the offender
at all, would the court be violating its duty
under this act ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes.
Mr. HOWARD. I confess, Mr. President,
I do not see it exactly in that light. It strikes
me as being an anomalous mode of criminal
legislation. There certainly ought to be some
certain penalty fixed and established in the
statute, so that the offender shall know to a
certainty when he commits the offense that he
is to be punished to some extent—at least that
he is not to go scot free, or go with a mere
nominal punishment; that the business of legis-
lation here has in view his actual punishment
for the purpose of deterring him and others in
like'ease offending for the future.
Beside all that, Mr. President, it seems to
me to be throwing upon the courts of justice a
very irksome and in many cases a very painful
duty to measure out at their own discretion,
without reference to the statute and the will_of
the Legislature that has expressed no_ opinion
at all, the punishment which is to be inflicted.
