1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1169
formerly in the rebel army; so that he is one
of the very kind of men that we propose to
take care of by this bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Well, would
it have been any better if he had been in the
Federal Army? Blackburn, the man in Ohio,
had been in the Federal Army, and yet he
helped to roast his step-child over a red-hot
Stove. A man is neither better nor worse for
having been in the Army. The crime, the
murder, is neither aggravated nor extenuated
because the criminal has been in any army,
north or South.
Why, sir, the returns from all the eastern
States show an increase of crime there. The
number of white children who are flogged there
almost to death is quite alarming. Then there
was that Philadelphia case, of which I am just
reminded, where a whole family were out up.
But what of all these things? Every sensible
man knows that such instances can be multi-
plied to any desired extent by whoever will
take the trouble to collect all the cases of
crime occuring in any one section of the coun-
try, especially now when crime has been so
much increased by the presence in the com-
munity of returned soldiers from the armies.
[Laughter.] Yes, sir, that is true; and it is
perfectly natural that it should be so. Because
while it is certainly true that largo numbers of
good and patriotic men went into the Army, it
is equally true that the drift-wood floated in
too. When war comes it is unavoidable that,
however many good men may go into it, the
lawless, violent, and reckless will certainly go
too; and when peace comes and these reckless
men are thrown back into the community, an
increase of violence and crime is the certain
result.
Well, here we are. And what has this Re-
construction Committee done? Formed in
spite of all that could be said against it, and
clothed with almost absolute power, that com-
mittee has "investigated" and reported, and
reported, and reported, until now it is manifest
it has become entirely demoralized, and unless
some wholesome reconstruction process is
speedily applied to it the Republican party is
gone. [Laughter.] Now, some friends of
that party ought to interpose. Gentlemen of
the Republican party, you are in an emergency ;
your Reconstruction Committee is demoral-
ized ; its members are at war with each other,
and cannot agree upon anything; and you
ought to confer upon the Speaker power to
disband and discharge them from the service.
They have certainly done enough for their
country, and it would be very cruel and hard
to insist upon their continued service. There-
fore I say the Speaker ought to have power to
discharge tliem and appoint a new committee ;
having due regard, of course, to the Constitu-
tion, taking care to select men good and true,
without regard to race or color, [laughter,]
and then something might be done. I yield
the balance of my time to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Fincic]
Mr. FINCK. Iiow much time will there bo
for me V
The SPEAKER pro tempore, [Mr. Br.ou-
WEI.L. ] The gentleman will have eight minutes.
Mr. FINCK. It will be impossible for me
in the course of the few minutes allowed me
to enter fully upon any argument in regard to
this measure. What is the particular question
involved ? It is no less a questior^than that
of the power of Congress to upset and over-
turn a State government, and to substitute a
government of its own in its place. This bill,
Mr. Speaker, proposes by its first section that
there shall be appointed by the President of
the United States, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, a Governor for the State
of Louisiana. Here is a proposition for the
appointment of a Governor of a State to be
made by Federal authority—a Governor to be
so appointed for a State in the Union, having
all its courts and its legislative and executive
departments organized and in full operation.
This bill goes upon the theory that Louisiana
is one of the States of this Union ; because it
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 74.
is described in this bill as " the State of Louisi-
ana." The first section provides—
That'the President of thcWnited States shall nom-
inate and, by and with the advice and consent of tho
Senate, appoint a Governor for the State of Louisi-
ana, who shall hold his office for one year, unless
sooner removed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, or unless sooner
superseded by a successor elected undor the provis-s
ions of this act. Such (Joveraor so appointed shall
have attained the age of thirty years, shall be a cit-
izen of the United States and of the State of Louisi-
ana.
The second section provides—
■ That the President shall forthwith nominate and,
by and with the advice and consent of tho Senate,
appoint a provisional council, consistingof nine per-
sons, who shall have the same qualifications as are
herein prescribed for the officoof Governor, and who,
belore being confirmed by the Senate, shall on oath
make, sign, and file with said Secretary tho same
oath as is prescribed for the Governor. Such coun-
cilors shall continue to hold theirofiico, unless sooner
removed by tho President, by and with the advice
and consent of tho Senate, until a Legislature shall
be duly elected and quahfipd under the provisions
ot this act. Such provisional council shall, with the
Governor, huvo all legislative power in such State.
Now. here is involved in this bill the import-
ant propositions of the power of the Federal
Government to make the Governor and the
Legislature for a sovereign State of this Union.
Where do you get your power to do that? I
deny at the outset that there is any power
under our Constitution for the Federal Gov-
ernment to appoint the Governor for the people
of the State of Louisiana, or to intervene and
select a Legislature for that State. What is the
Federal Government and what are the powers
conferred upon the legislative branch of the
Federal Government? It is a Government
created by a written Constitution, enjoying and
exercising certain fixed and limited powers.
And by a provision of that Constitution it is
prohibited from tho exercise of any power
which has not been conferred upon it by the
Constitution of the United States. And no such
power as is assumed by this bill is conferred
either upon the General Government or any
department of it.
You might as well invade the jurisdiction of
tho State of New York, depose its Governor,
set aside its Legislature, and appoint a new
Governor and a new Legislature for the people
of that great. State, because that power • is
assumed by the provisions of this bill. Sir, I
deny any such power. From the earliest rec-
ords of our history, from the first settlement
of the American colonies by our ancestors, the
people of each of the colonies and each of the
States have exercised the right of regulating
their own internal concerns. These are rights
that belong to a free people. Now, by this
revolutionary legislation you seek to overthrow
these first principles of government, to ignore
the great doctrines which were established by
our fathers, and which are written down not
only in our past history, but in the constitu-
tions of the several Slates and in the Constitu-
tion of the Federal Government. You not
only propose to do that by this bill, but you
propose to do more.
You propose by this bill to exercise the right
of declaring who shall be the electors in the
States of the South, or at least who shall be the
electors in the State of Louisiana. From
whenee do you obtain that power? Is it con-
tained within the Constitution of the United
States? Have you a right to go into the State
of Ohio, or into the State of North Carolina,
and declare who shall there exercise the right
of suffrage? If you cannot do it in Ohio, you
cannot do it in Louisiana, bccause it is one of
the States of this Union, equal in all its rights
and dignities with the other States of the Union.
Now, I utterly deny the doctrine of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] that
Louisiana is held as a conquered territory. I
hold, as this bill declares, that Louisiana is to-
day one of the States of the Union. And being
one of the States of the Union, you have no
power whatever to invade its jurisdiction, and
appoint its Governor and Legislature. Andwhy
do you propose to do it? Is Louisiana to-day
in a state of rebellion against the Government
of the United States ? Not a word of evidence
to that effect is before this House. Is her gov-
ernment not republican in form ? . We have
no allegation in this bill to the contrary, and
eyery man knows that her government is re-
publican in form.
And by what arguments do you propose to
support this bill? The only argument I have
heard, is that in July last a riot took place in
the city of New Orleans. Is it upon that
ground that this bill is to be passed into a law?
A riot did, indeed, take place there, most shock-
ing and terrible_, and a disgrace to all those
who united to bring it about or to carry it on.
But the fact of that riot does not add a par-
ticle to the constitutional power of Congress
to invade that State and frame, a government
and appoint a Governor and Legislature for its
people.
[Ilere the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The hour allowed to the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Harding] has
expired. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Eliot] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FINCK. Will not the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] allow me ten min-
utes longer?
Mr. ELIOT. Willit not answer the purpose
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Finck] if I
allow him ten minutes of my time after the
previous question has been seconded ? I have
no objection to allowing him ten minutes then
if that will satisfy him.
Mr. ROSS. I would like to inquire of the
chair by what authority the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] has the floor at
this time?
The SPEAKER. , The Chair will explain to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ross] and
to the House. Thegentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Hakdikg,] who obtained the floor for the
second hour of debate yielded by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, gave up the re-
mainder of the hour, at the conclusion of his
remarks, to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Fin'uk.] Thegentleman from Ohio inquired
of the Speaker pro tempore [Mr. Buomwell]
how much time there remained to him, and
was informed that there were eight minutes
remaining. Those eight minutes have now
expired, and the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Eliot,] having reported the bill,
now resumes the floor.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, after the pre-
vious question is seconded, if the gentleman
from Ohio desires ten minutes more I will give
it to him with pleasure. I withdraw the motion
to recommit, and call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Eliot] is entitled to the floor to
close the debate.
Mr. ELIOT. I yield ten minutes to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Finck.]
Mr. FINCK. Mr. Speaker, is there a state of
war existing in this country? because it is upon
this assumption, as I understand, that the legis-
lation of this Congress in regard to the south-
ern States is to be based. _ I deny that there is
a state of war existing within the Union. There
is not in any one of these States a single^ arm
upraised against the just authority and juris-
diction of the United States. We are in a state
of peace. The people of the State of Louisiana
are in a state of peace. There is within that
State no resistance to 4<he Federal Govern-
ment. There would be-tio difficulty about the
restoration of these States to their just and
rightful relations to the Federal Government
but for the attempt of the majority of this Con-
gress to perpetuate their power in defiance of
the will of a majority of the people of the
thirty-six States of this Union. The purpose
is to compel thes§ States to indorse the policy
of these Radicals, whose doctrines, if carried
out successfully, would subvert the Constitu-
tion and disrupt the Union.
Sir, these men are not the friends^ ot the
union of these States under the Constitution.
By their legislation they have committed them-
selves in favor of a .dissolution of the union.
They are not the friends of the Union, because
