1170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12 >
the very effect of this bill and. kindred meas
ures before the House is to prevent the union,
of the States and to strike down the great
right of local government in the States. For,
sir, if you may put the State of Louisiana under
this kind of government to be organized by
Congress, and deprive her people of the free
exercise of their constitutional rights, exclude
their Senators and Representatives from Con-
gress until such time as it may please a ma-
jority of this House and the Senate to admit
them, you may by the same exercise of power
invade the rights of any other State and thus
effectually subvert the constitutional rights of
the people of any of the States and destroy
their governments.
Mr. Speaker, the voice of the people of the
United States is not fairly represented on this
floor. Not only are ten of the States utterly
ignored and denied all representation in either
House of Congress, but even the people of the
States which are' represented have not their
fair proportion of power here. Look at my
own State, for I cannot go into an examination
of al! the States. Look at Ohio, with her two
hundred and thirteen thousand Democratic
voters and her two hundred and fifty-six thou-
sand Republican voters at the last election.
What is her representation upon this floor?
That State has nineteen Representatives in this
House, seventeen of those represent the Re-
publican element in Ohio; two represent the
Democratic and Conservative element of that
State. Two hundred and thirteen thousand
voters are represented by two members on this
floor, one hundred and six thousand five hun-
dred to each member! Two hundred and fifty-
six thousand voters are represented on this
floor by seventeen members. It therefore
requires nearly one hundred and seven thou-
sand of the Democratic voters of Ohio to ex-
ercise one vote here on this side of the House,
while each fifteen thousand Republican voters
of that State have one vote on the other side
of the House. -So that in effect it takes seven
Democratic voters of Ohio to equal one Re-
publican voter in that State in the power of
representation on this floor; and this gross
inequality, I believe, exists almost to the same
extent in some of the other States, while the
Democratic element of the six New England
State,s have not a single voice in the legisla-
tion of this House.
I repeat, it, therefore, the voice of the people
is not fairly represented upon this floor. It is
a struggle on the part of those who iiave power
here to maintain that power, in my judgment,
against the will of the actual majority of the
people of these thirty-six States.
When I denounce this measure, as I have
already done, as revolutionary in its character
I say but what is the truth. If you have the
power under the Constitution to make'govern-
ments for those States, not only to dictate their
governments, but also to dictate who shall be
their executive, legislative, and judicial officers,
then you have the power,to destroy all govern-
ment within the States. It is an attempt, sir,
not only to overthrow a government existing
in one of the States, but it is an attempt to con-
trol that government, to take it out of the hands
of your own race and to confer power upon
another race who have heretofore been the ser-
vants'of the white race of Louisiana.
• You propose by this bill to exclude and dis-
franchise the white citizens of Louisiana, and
to enfranchise the negroes of that State so that
they may have the power and control of the
government of that State. And where do you
get that power to do all this ? Anywhere in
the Constitution? You look in vain for any
such authority in that instrument. Yet you
assume it, and by what authority? By the law
ot nations and the law of war? They Mr.
Speaker, have no application to this 'case.
You cannot rightfully to-day exercise any
jurisdiction over these States by the law of
nations; the only warrant you have for au-
thority in the exercise of jurisdiction is the
Constitution of the United States, and that
confers none which authorizes this bill.
But, sir, I cannot in the few minutes allowed
to me enter into any detailed examination of
the provisions of this Jill. Indeed, this mon-
strous measure is proposed to be pushed upon
the House without any information or state-
ment of facts why it should be passed. Your
committee sent out to investigate the riot at
,New Orleans have made a report, and yet,
before that report has been printed and before
we can examine the facts gathered by the com-
mittee, we arc called upon to vote upon a meas-
ure like this, which is revolutionary,' which
overturns one government and establishes an-
other in its stead over seven hundred thousand
people in the State of Louisiana. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts, the chairman of the
committee, whose magnanimity went so far as
to yield two hours for debate, was kind enough
tosay that these two hours were to be used by
this side of the House, and he did not even in
the opening of this debate venture upon any
statement in justification of this revolutionary
measure of deposing a State government by an
act of Congress and creating another by the
same assumed power.
I admit, Mr. Speaker, this is not so startling
a proposition as the one we had up the other
day, because this affects but one State while
that affects ten. But the doctrine is still the
same. Both invade the rights of the people;
both usurp power; both are revolutionary in
their purposes; both are unwarranted by the
Constitution; both postpone indefinitely the
restoration to the people of these States their
just rights and relations with the Federal
Union; both invade the foundation upon
which this Government rests, that-all Govern-
ments derive their just powers from the con-
sent of the governed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELIOT resumed the floor.
Mr. WARD, of New York. I wish to ask
the gentleman a question. *1 understand the
report which the committee have made to
charge, in substance, the President of the Uni-
ted States at least countenanced and encour-
aged this New Orleans riot. It is apparent
that he is wedded to these rebel governments of
the _ South. I desire, therefore, to ask the
chairman of the committee whether he thinks
it is safe to vest in the President the power to
appoint the provisional governor and the other
officers contemplated by this bill, to which the
President is opposed? And I ask further
whether there is any warrant in the Constitu-
tution to confer this power on the head of the
War Department whom we know to be loyal
and true and sound upon this question ? Will
he not yield to me to propose an amendment
to that effect?
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, of course I can-
not yield to my friend for any such purpose.
Ihe question of safety is always embarrassing
Sometimes it may be safer to do a thing which
at other times would be very dangerous. We
have examined with a great deal of care the
question which the gentleman from New York
has suggested, and I am free to say, as I un-
derstand the provisions of the Constitution, it
would not be right for us to legislate so as to
give the power of appointment elsewhere than
as provided by this bill. But the power is
guarded very carefully, and the gentleman will
hnd upon examination of the provisions of the
bill that before any officer contemplated by the
hrst and second sections can enter upon his
duties he has not only to take the oath and
produce the proof called for, but to obtain the
action of the Senate confirming the action of
the President. If it should so happen, which
I trust will not be the ease, that a nomination
siiouici be made of men who, having power
would use it against the Union men who have
already suffered from men in power there it is
my belief that the power of the Senate under
the Constitution will be sufficient to restrain
that action.
Mr. WARD, of New York. A single other
question. Does the gentleman think this power
could not be constitutionally vested in the Sec-
retary of War, the head of the Department
which is called upon more than any other to
execute this law? Why could you not vest
-the power in a friend of the law?
Mr. ELIOT. It is very manifest if the power
should be conferred upon the Secretary of
War it would in substance and effect be con-
ferred upon the President, for the Secretary
of War is one of the servants of the President,
and may be removed without notice. There
is no provision that I am aware of by which
we could obtain the action of the Senate ex-
cept through a nomination by the Executive.
There have been various propositions urged by
different members of the House, and upon the
whole it has seemed to me and to the commit-
tee that the safest course to recommend is
that which has been embodied in this bill.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the committee have re-
ported this bill upon the order of the House.
They have done so upon facts examined into.
In the judgment of a majority of the commit-
tee it was the bounden duty of this House, if
in point of fact there is an obligation resting
upon the Government to support, defend, and
protect its own constant efforts against men
who through the rebellion have been its con-
stant enemies, that there should be action in
this direction.
Now, sir, I do not remember since I have
he hi a seat on this floor that I have ever been
unwilling to forego the pleasure of speaking
for the sake of voting. I should be glad to
defend the provisions of this bill, but in point
of fact there has not been one provision of it
attacked. The gentleman who has just resumed
his seat [Mr. Finck] was the only one on the
other side, if I am not mistaken, who thought
it worth while to discuss in any respect the pro-
visions of the hill. Those who preceded him
have used up the time by 
Mr. LE BLOND. Will the gentleman yield
to me for about five minutes? I wish to call
his attention to some of the provisions of the
bill.
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot say no to that appeal.
I will yield five minutes if he will give us his
help to pass the bill when his time has expired.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. LE BLOND. Of course we on this side
will do what is right, but I will not agree to
vote with the gentleman. [Laughter.] The
gentleman says no member on this side has
attacked the provisions of the bill. Sir, it is
not necessary that it should be attacked. The
whole theory of the bill is radically wrong when
you take into consideration the fact that we
have a Constitution that we have sworn to sup-
port and to be governed by. But, sir, the other
side of the House has ignored the Constitution.
And here let me say that in the conflict of
opinion on that side of the House there is no
one who foresaw the difficulties that we were to
encounter so well as the distinguished gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] At
an early period in this contest he foresaw
where we were drifting, and for the purpose
of meeting it he at once took the position that
these States were conquered provinces, whose
people were mere subjects to be dealt with ac-
cording to the will of the majority of Congress.
But who does not remember that when he pro-
claimed that doctrine in this House there were
not within these walls ten men who approved
it? Since that period a change has come over
the spirit, the dreams of the other side, and
we now find them, if not yielding themselves
willing suJi^ects to his doctrine, at least willing
to vote for provisions quite as bad and quite as
revolutionary as any that have been indicated
by that gentleman.
_ Now, sir, as to the provisions of this bill in
its detail. Here you will find in the fifth section
ot this act that they have provided that any
man who has lived in the State of Louisiana
one year, though it may have been twenty
years ago, may return to that State and vote
or the men who are to be elected to the con-
vention to frame a constitution. I will call the
gentleman's attention directly to that provis-
ion. The fifth section says that—
The following persons, and no others, shall be
