1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
move to strike out of the third section all after
the word "thereafter" in the sixth line, to
the close of the section. I do it upon two
grounds 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Ohair
will suggest that the amendment of the com-
mittee having been agreed to, and that being a
substitute for the entire bill, the motion of the
Senator is not now in order. It will be in order
in the Senate. The section having been agreed
to in committee, it cannot be amended as the
Senator proposes. The amendment will be in
order when the bill shall have been reported to
the Senate.
Thebill was reported to the Senate, asamended,
and the question was stated to be on concurring
in the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Must I offer my amend-
ment now before the amendment is concurred
in?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It may be
moved as an amendment to the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I move to strike
out all of the third section after the word "there-
after" in the sixth line. The words which I
move to strike out are:
And if no appointment, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, shall be made to such office
so vacant or temporarily filled as aforesaid, during
such next session of the Senate, such office shall re-
main in abeyance, without any salary, fees, or emol-
uments attached thereto until the sameshall be filled
by appointment thereto, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate; and during such time ail the
powers and duties belonging to such office shall be
exercised by such other officer as may by law exer-
cise such powers and duties in case of a vacancy in
such office.
I move to strike this part of the section
from it, because in the first place I think it is
in violation of the Constitution as the Constitu-
tion has been uniformly construed. The Con-
stitution provides that—
"The President shall have power to fill up all
vacancies that may happen during the recess of the
Senate, by granting commissions which shall expire
at the end of their next session."
This will depend altogether upon the con-
struction which shall be given to the words
i! happen during the recess of the Senate."
Many have thought that that language means
such a vacancy as takes place or begins during
the recess; but the construction has obtained,
and I suppose it is as settled as any construc-
tion well can be, that the words mean vacan-
cies that may exist or be during the recess of
the Senate. The Government has been carried
on upon that construction. Where a vacancy
exists during the session of the Senate, and is
not filled before the adjournment, it has been
understood and construed as a vacancy hap-
pening during the recess, and the President
has uniformly filled such vacancies. If this bo
the proper construction of the Constitution,
then there is no power to pass the section as it
now stands.
But, sir, suppose that the Constitution does
not forbid the legislation which is proposed ;
is it good policy to adopt it? Here is a period
perhaps of some months during which the Son-
ate may not bo in session. The appointee of
the President may not be agreeable to the Sen-
ate for that time ; yet that appointee can only
hold the office until the close of the next ses-
sion ; it is but a temporary appointment; and
no great harm can take place or be suffered
because a person holds office whose political
views are not agreeable to the Senate for that
length of time. What may be the consequences
of the adoption of this section it is difficult for
us to tell. The office is to remain in abeyance;
it is not to be filled in the case which is stated
in the section, the case being where an appoint-
ment is not made during the session by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate.
From the time of the adjournment of the Sen-
ate the office is to bo in abeyance ; and to get
away from the practical difficulties the section
provides that—
, During such time all the powers and duties belong-
ine: to such ofilco shall bo exorci.^cd by sm h other
officer ns may by law exercise such powers ami duties
in case of a vacancy m such office.
I do not know in how many cases that pro-
vision would be applicable. Take the case of
a collector of internal revenue; suppose the
Senate and the President fail to agree upon an
appointee for that office, and an adjournment
of the Senate takes place, the office becomes
vacant; who then is to exercise the powers and
discharge the duties of that office ? I do not
know. The important collections ought to be
made in the month of June; but that office
being vacant during the summer, who shall
exercise the powers and discharge the duties ?
The Secretary of the Treasury cannot do it,
nor can he appoint anybody to discharge those
duties. -This section is framed as if in case
of a vacancy in any office there is always pro-
vided by law somebody who may discharge the
duties of the position ; but I think in point of
law that is not the case. It would be a very
serious matter if in some of the districts the
revenues, for instance, should not be collected.
The question is a very plain one. I need
not discuss it further. If I am right that the
Constitution does not allow this legislation,
that is an end of debate on the subject. If I
am wrong on that, I think the other considera-
tions I have stated ought to govern the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator
from Indiana moves to strike out the latter
clause of section three for the reason, as he
alleges, that it is not in accordance with the
Constitution. During a former Congress I had
occasion to give this subject some attention
as a member of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary ; it was at a time when there was no such
political agitation as disturbs the minds and
the judgments of some men now. That com-
mittee was instructed by this body to inquire
into the power of the President to make just
such appointments as are contemplated by the
clause to which the gentleman's motion refers,
and they came to* the conclusion, and I think
very properly and correctly, that the President
has no such power under the Constitution.
The Constitution declares that the power of
appointment shall be lodged in the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate. No appointment, therefore, to an
office can, properly and legally speaking, be
made without the concurrence of these two
branches of the Government. The President,
who consults the Senate as to the propriety of
a contemplated appointment, does so in the
shape of a nomination, and the assent of the
Senate is given to that nomination to make it
effective. Without these preliminary steps it
is impossible under our Constitution that a legal
appointment to an office can be made. I think
the honorable Senator from Indiana will not
dispute this proposition. It may be wrong: it
may have been possibly unwise in our fathers
who framed and ratified the Constitution to
insert such a clause in the instrument. That,
however, is not now the question. The ques-
tion is as to what they actually intended by
the language they used. It is, in other words,
a question of power, authority, jurisdiction.
The clause in the Constitution to which I
refer proceeds farther to declare that the Presi-
dent may fill up all vacancies that may happen
during the recess of the Senate, not by making
appointments, but by issuing commissions:
which shall expire at the termination of the j
next session of the Senate. I agree with him
that the practical precedents of the Govern-
ment thus far lead to this interpretation of the
Constitution, that it is competent for the Presi-
dent during the recess of the Senate to turn
out, of office a present incumbent and to fill his
place by commissioning another. This has
been, I admit, the practice for long years and
many generations; out it is to be observed at the
same time that this claim of power on the part
of the Executive has been uniformly contested
by some of the best minds of the country.
What is it, sir, to fill up a vacancy? The
President and the Senate make the officer—give
him his appointment. It is very true that the
last act is to be performed by the Presideut.
which is the issuina; to the officer of a commis-
sion. Now, is it in accordance with the lan-
guage used in the Constitution that one branch
of the appointing power may create a vacancy?
Is it according to the just and fair usage of
language to say that the agent making the
appointment may remove the incumbent and
thus create the vacancy which by the terms of
the Constitution is to "happen?" I think not.
I think it is a misuse of language. The lan-
guage itself is "vacancies that may happen,"
plainly, indubitably, according to the ordinary
use of language, implying contingency, chance,
uncertainty; at all events excluding the agency
of the person who bestows the appointment to
the office. I suppose that when the framers
of the Constitution used this language they
used it in reference to the common law of
England; and how by that law does a vacancy
in an office "happen;" in other words, take
place, come into existence? It happens, as
we all know, by resignation, by death, by
absolute inability to discharge the functions of
the office; but it never is spoken of as happen-
ing in consequence of a removal from office by
the executive power.
Then, according to the view I take of the
Constitution, the first clause of the third sec-
tion of this bill is simply a restatement in more
full and accurate language of the real intention
of the Constitution itself. It declares—
That the President shall have power to fill up all
vacancies that may happen during the recess of the
Senate by reason of death, resignation, expiration of
term of office, or other lawful cause, by granting com-
missions which shall expire at the end of their next
session thereafter.
And I believe that such is the full extent
under the Constitution, according to its true
and most natural interpretation, of the power
of the President over vacancies; and if that
be the true interpretation it follows logically
that where the vacancy has not been filled dur-
ing the session of the Senate at which it should
have been filled, during the whole of the
succeeding recess of the Senate that office
must necessarily remain in abeyance; in other
words, vacant, without an incumbent. It ia
really a mere reenactment of the true sense of
the clause. I cannot vote to strike out this
clause of the third section, because I think it
very necessary it should be retained in order
to remove all doubt.
I have said, sir, that it is not in the power
of the President to create such a vacancy by
the appointment of a successor. The right of
the Senate and the duty of the Senate is plain.
An appointmeut proper cannot be made with-
out consulting them and obtaining their con-
sent. The country looks to them for their
advice, for their opinion, for their interfer-
ence, in order to secure suitable qualifications
and to restrain the wayward exercise of this
assumed power by the Executive whenever
such a ease shall exist; and it is beyond
doubt that during the last year this power
of removal has been exercised most wantonly
and most injuriously 111 multitudes of cases,
and greatly to the detriment of the true inter-
est of the country. And the cases are almost
innumerable in which the names of persons
have been sent tons and put in nomination for
offices, and those nominations rejected, and
still after the adjournment of the Senate the
President, in utter contempt of the opinions of
the Senate, has proceeded to issue temporary
commissions to persons thus rejected.
Sir, I believe there is 110 member of this body
who will rise in his place and declare that under
the Constitution it is competent for the Presi-
dent after the rejection of such a nomination,
and during the succeeding recess of the Senate,
to issue to that person a temporary commission;
and why? Because it is too plain to every
mind that in reference to the particular indi-
vidual the Senate having passed an unfavorable
judgment, it was virtually forbidden that person
to hold the office, and such a temporary appoint-
ment by the President is a complete contempt
of the opinion of the Senate expressed in con-
stitutional form.
Now, sir, 1 believe Congress have full power
over this subject, and that it is our duty now
(although this perhaps is not the fittest time at
