1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1171
electors and entitled to vote at all elections held un-
der the provisions of this act, namely: ever}; male
citizen of the United States, without distinction of
race or color, who has attained to the age of twenty-
one years and has resided in Louisiana one year, and
who has never borne arms against the United States.
So that you propose by this bill to let in men
who have resided in that State at any time for
one year go down there and control the elec-
tions, even against the will of the men whom
you claim to be the exclusively loyal citizens
of that State.
If that is not your intention, why not say that
those who shall have resided in the State for
one year next preceding the election shall be
allowed to vote ? But it seems to me that that
was intentionally omitted, so that even the
"loyal" citizens of that State might be'con-
trolled and that no constitution might be framed
that would not meet the views of the party in
power.
Turn to another section, the ninth. There
you give to the military authorities power to
take a man out of the hands of the civil authori-
ties and retain him, without limit as to time.
Why make that provision? Why not provide
a legal remedy in such cases, and let the civil
authorities dispose of them ? This gives to any
military officer there, under certain circum-
stances, a right to arrest a man, and fixes
no time when he shall be required to release
him.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's five min-
utes have expired.
Mr. ELIOT. I was in the middle of a sen-
tence when the gentleman from Ohio inter-
rupted me, and now I have absolutely forgotten
what the beginning of it was about, and I will
not ask the reporter to let me know what it
was. 1 send up to the Clerk's desk to be read
a portion of a letter which I received yester-
day from a citizen of New Orleans, Julian
Neville, a grandson of General Neville, of rev-
olutionary memory, and a great-great-grandson
of General Daniel Morgan, whose name and
character are known to most of the members
of this House. Now, sir, let the letter speak
for itself. I ask the Clerk to' read the por-
tions that I have indicated by lines in the
margin.
The Clerk then read a portion of the letter,
as follows:
"Can nothing bo done to relievo us of this incubus,
this misrule? There is no doubt that the quiet, peace-
able citizens, planters included, would hail with joy
a government, military or otherwise, that would pio-
tect them from this infernal tyranny under which we
now exist. It is composed of the samo parties who
forced the State into rebellion, who are active, vigi-
lant. and unscrupulous. .
"Cannot patriots do something for our relief? Ami
something must be done soon or we shall be so far in
the "slough of despond" that it will be impossible
to drag through. Oh, my friend, I never despaired
before, and myself and friends arc now resisting, and
will do so as long as we are able. Thct Governor
stands up to the line of battle firmly, refusing to give
an inch, but he requires encouragement Iromyour
body, and for the sake of loyalty and for the sake
of God extend a helping hand to us, or the Union
men of the South will become scape-goats of the
party and carry all the sins on our back and eventu-
ally bo compelled to loave our homes; it will be im-
possible to exist.
" Very truly, yours, with fcrcat respect and consid-
eration, JULIAN NEVILLE."
Mr. ELIOT. Now I desire to have read
by the Clerk certain resolutions which were
adopted last night by the southern loyalists,
now in this city, representing the various States
named in the document.
The Clerk read the following:
Office of Southern Republican Association,
Washington, D. C., February 11,1867.
At a meeting of the Southern Republican Asso-
ciation this evening, the following resolutions were
adopted unanimously:
Bcsolved, That this association, having carefully
considered tho principles and details of the bill for
the reconstruction of civil government in Louisiana,
introduced this day into the House of Representa-
tives by Hon. Thomas D. Eliot, chairman of the
committee to investigate the New Orleans riots,
heartily indorse the same, and request Congress to
pass it; and also request Congress to pass a similar
bill for the reorganization of the other unrecon-
structed States on the same principle.
Jietolved, That members of this association sign
the foregoing resolution, specifying'the State to
which they respectively belong, and that the presi-
dent cause a certified copy to be placccLin the hands
of Mr. Eliot, to be by him communicated to Con-
gress.
Alabama. Georgia.
ALBERT GRIFFIN. G. W, ASHBURN.
WILLIAM H. SMITH. HENRY G. COLE.
J. J. G1ERS. JAMES L. DUNNING.
D. II. BINGHAM. If. P. HARBIN.
WILLIAM MARKHAM.
Arkansas. P. GUDGLR.
t\t a$P?rrnxraA-\.T Louisiana.
M. L. SlEPIIENbON. „ TrT1-,or_ .
-A. M. BISHOP. B. niESTANCE.
JOHN KIEKWOOD.
V. DELL. W JUNG
. . R.KING CUTLER.
Muemsippt. W. J. BLACKBURN.
JAMES W. FIELD. JOSEPH GARLISIIE.
I approve cordially of
MlRsnvri tlle loading principles
„ „ of tho bill, and hopo
C. E. MOSS. it will bo passed.
THOMAS J. DURANT.
Virginia.
JAMES T.PRICHARD. Texa'-
J. J. ROLLEW. E. M. PEARE.
JOSEPH WILLIAMS. A. J. HAMILTON.
\Y. MILLER. J. H. BELL.
A. SXRATTON. GEORGE W. PASCIIAL.
J AS. W. IIUNNICUTT. LORENZO SlIERWOOD.
DAVID W. HALL. ' A. J. BENNETT.
JOHN nAWXHURST. JESSIE STANCH.,
JAMES H. CLEMENTS. W. B. COFFEE.
A true copy from the minutes:
THOMAS J. DURANT,
President Southern liepublican Association.
D. II. Bingham, Secretary.
Mr. BOYER. Will my colleague on the
committee [Mr. Ei.iot] allow me to state the
antecedents of some of those gentlemen who
liave signed the paper just read in behalf of the
Union men of Louisiana?
Mr. ELIOT. Certainly not.
Mr. BOYER. It would not be suitable.
Mr. ELIOT. I now propose to yield a por-
tion of my time to 
Mr. NOELL. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] to yield to me for
a half an hour. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELIOT. How much time have I left,
Mr. Speaker?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has thirty minutes of his hour
remaining.
Mr. ELrOT. Of course the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Noiji.l] will perceive that I could
hardly yield him all the time I have left. I
will yield him ten minutes.
Mr. NOELL. Then I will take the ten
minutes.
Mr. ELIOT. And after that I will yield to
my colleague on the committee, tho gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Siiellabauger.]
Mr. NOELL. Mr. Speaker, the bill which
is now under consideration contains in it feat-
ures diametrically opposed to the whole policy
of the party that is pressing it at this time.
Living in the State of Missouri for some years
past, I and others there have had a taste of the
kind of government that is attempted to be set
up by this bill in the State of Louisiana.
Now, ignoring the question of the constitu-
tionality of the provisions of this bill, I shall
proceed to address myself to the political re-
sults which will naturally follow the adoption
of this measure. By it the whole theory of our
Government is attempted to be changed. That
theory is that the Government derives its pow-
ers from the consent of the governed. We
are now to start a new theory, that the people
of the States derive their power from the peo-
ple of some other portion of the Union, and
that a majority of a fraction of the Union shall
control the whole nation. Following up that
theory a government is to be imposed upon, and
a constitution is to be prescribed—mark the
word, "prescribed"—which shall be adopted
by the people of that State.
Mr. ANDERSON. Will my colleague [Mr.
Noell] allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. NOELL. Very well.
Mr. ANDERSON. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether when he speaks about the
people of Missouri having had a taste of what
this government will be he meant the fruits
of his victory when ho was first elected to Con-
gress, andif the taste of that fruit gathered on
that occasion is notyet vividly upon his tongue?
Mr. NOELL. I cannot perceive that the
question has any pertinence to the subject be-
fore us j and I have no time to address myself
to mere personalities.
Tho constitution which is prescribed by this
bill for the State of Louisiana is not repub-
lican in form ; but it is the same thing which
was foreshadowed by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] in his amend-
ment proposed to the military bill reported
from the joint Committee on Reconstruction a
few days ago. I do not know whether he
attempted to anticipate' and steal the .thunder
of tho gentleman who reported this bill, or
whether the one who reported this bill was
trying to steal the thunder of the gentleman
from Masssachusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
Now, hero is a bill by which the Secretary
of War, known to be in the interests of a par-
tisan faction in this country, is to appoint
officers for the State of Louisiana. The Gov-
ernor and Legislature of Louisiana are to be
appointed by the Federal power. The gov-
ernment of Louisiana is to be set up by the
power of a government to be perpetuated in
the hands of such men as the Secretary of
War shall designate.
Now, I ask what is tho difference in the ap-
pointment of men for Governor and the Legis-
lature and the appointment of the voters who
shall elect those men? Allow me to designate
who shall vote and to strike off from the regis-
ter those who are politically opposed to me,
and I will control the action of any State in the
Union. By this bill civil government is at-
tempted to be followed up by a system of mili-
tia to be established upon the same qualifica-
tions that are prescribed for voters. The militia
of the State is to be composed of men who are
qualified voters under this act. We have already
had introduced here a bill for the establishment
of a great " national guard," to extend all over
this country, and to exercise supreme military
control. And by its provisions all other mili-
tary and police organizations arc to be dis-
banded and the members of such organizations
punished.
Wo are coming upon the times when this
country can no longer trust to the devotion of
the people for its support, but like an eastern
prince it must trust to the power of armed jan-
izaries to uphold its power. The Secretary of
War, a man altogether loyal, is to designate
the voters and tho registering officers and pre-
scribe rules and regulations for the government
of the citizens of Louisiana. The gentleman
from Massachusetts described the situation of
the State of Louisiana as the great heart of
loyalty, through whose great rivers and chan-
nels of commerce the great arteries of loyalty
extend into all the country. In establishing
this heart of loyalty it is the object of the gen-
tleman to make it as black as possible.
In the bill under consideration it is proposed
that the President of the United States shall
appoint these officers by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate. From the threats
which are thrown out here it is very clear that
if the President does not appoint men who
will carry out the partisan ends of those who
desire tliis measure, they will then, in the lan-
guage of tho gentleman from .Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks,] ''drop legislation and proceed
to consider the condition of the country/'
It has been said of old, "accursed is the
nation whose prince is illegitimate," for when
the prince or Government devotes its time to
keeping itself safe by armed force, there is no
time to administer the Government for the
good of the people. When we in a repub-
lican form of government attempt to prescribe
constitutions and designate portions of the
people of any State who are to possess all
authority in that State, we must neglect the
interests of the people to uphold our authority.
Not only have we presented to us a proposition
under which a fraction of the people of the
South are to carry out the revolutionary
