1172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
scheme of subordinating the white race to the
control of ihe negroes, but this is coupled with
threats of confiscation, which clearly mean
that the property of those people is to be con-
fiscated on the pretext of giving negroes social
pow'er, and thrown into the hands of political
speculators.
The gentleman from Massachusetts said on
Saturday last that the duty of Congress was
embraced in three words—liberty, emigration,
census.
[Here the hammer fell.] '
Mr. NOELL. I have some documents
which I desire to have printed as a portion of
my remarks.
No objection was made, and leave to print
was accordingly granted.
The documents are as follows:
To his Excellency the President of the United States:
Tho undersigned, as United States assessor for tho
sixth collection district of Missouri, would respect-
fully submit to your Excellency the following state-
ment in regard to the unfortunate and disturbed con-
dition of things in tho county of La Fayette, my
residence: , ^
1. Martial law has been proclaimed by the Grov-
ernor in said county, as he avers "he is satisfied that
ordinary process cannot, bo cxccutcd, and a sufficient
posse will not respond to the call of the officer for
that purpose." It is not alleged that civil process
has been resisted or that the citizens have been called
upon by the proper officcr and refused to respond,
which alono could, under tho Constitution of the
United States, authorize the placing of the county
under martial law and the calling out of the militia
of the State. Tho facts aro that no process has over
' been resisted in the county; that the citizens have
nover failed or refused to respond to the call of tho
civil officers: that tho great mass of tho citizens of
the county aro ready and willing at any andall times,
if needed or called upon, to aid tho civil officers in
tho enforcement of tho laws against all offenders;
that tho civil officers of the county stand ready at all
times to oxccutc the laws, and say they need no mili-
tary aid in doing1 so: and it isnot at their requostnor
by their dosire that martial law has been proclaimed
and troops quartered upon the people of the county,
and there is no necessity whatever to justify ouch
interposition of tho Governor.
2. Since such quarteringof militiafrom other conn-
tics they have by their lawlessness and violence in-
terrupted tho execution of tho oivil laws and also
the levonuo laws of tho United States bv driving out
tho sheriff and his deputies, and tho United {States
assessor and collector of said district, whoso lives aro
threatened if they return. Thoy havo taken tho
Unitod States assistant assessor a prisoner. •
3. They arc committing such aots ot violence upon
tho citizons of said county as to causo many of them
to fleo from their homos and business, and to causo a
oomplcto suspension of business in said county. For
tho further information of your Excellency wo enu-
merate the following among the many acts of blood-
shed and violence perpetrated by said militia, who
arc m tho main composed of desperate men, some of
whom wero known during tho lato war as confeder-
ate bushwhackers. William II. Bowen, county clerk
for the county, was attacked and beaten by them
and driven from his office and his iifo threatened.
Alexander Mitchell, a prominent Union man and
banker, was stopped upon tho street by one of the
militia, a revolver presented to his head, and he
compelled to remain quiet while ho was robbed.
Next morning, in company with Major Kelly, of
General Hancock's staff, he called upon Major Mont-
gomery, tho commander of tho militia, and pointed
out tho man who robbed him. Somo of tho stolen
nropcriy was found in his possession. Tho lifo of
Mr. Mitchell was then threatened and ho was com-
pelled to fico tho county. On tho same night Mr.
Mansfield, a gentleman from Michigan, and four
Other gentlemen wcro robbed and boaton in tho
streets. Three went to tho residence of John Aull,
county treasurer, drew their rovolvors, and threat-
ened to shoot his wife. A squad of them attacked
Major John E. ilyland, who was during tho war in
the United States military seivice, and wore about
to maltreat him when Major Montgomery coming
tip compelled them to desist, telling them to have
no controversies with citizens on tho streets, but if
anj'citizen insulted them to shoot him down at once.
lucre was a citizcn named Richardson shot on tho
streets and killed since they havo boon in the city.
Ihe murderer has not yet been identified. The Uni-
tedStates Express has been robbed by them. A quiet
and peaceful citizen named Mason was shot by thein
and dangerously wounded. A largo number of Union
citizens, among whom wo name James M. Poole,
the sheriff ot the county, and who was in the United
States service during the entire war; his deputy, Ja-
cob A , Price, a prominent Union man, and his two
sons;/. Ilyland, who also served during the war in
the United States service; the county attorney for
the county, It. Beverly Vaughan; the United States
assistant assessor, and who was daring the war also
m the united States military, service, and many
others overtaken oy the militia and held as prisoners
and sorao of them badly beaten and otherwise mal-
treated, and when discharged wero told by the com-
mander that if any of his men wore hurt or injured
that no matter who did it they should beheld re-
sponsible. The commanderof the militia threatened
to set fire to the City Hotel, and ordered turpentine for
the purpose, but was prevailed upon to desist, If
fired itwoul^have burned the most valuable business
square in the city. Squads were searching for the
United States assessor for the district, threatening
his life. All the roads leading out of the city were
guarded by them, and I escaped by the ferry over
tho river, which a few minutes afterward was also
guarded by them. The lives, liberty, and property
of the citizens are at the mercy of those desperate
and. lawless men, sent into tho county, it is said, by
order of the Governor, some two weeks before the
issuing of his proclamation, which is herewith in-
closed, and they are now being rcenforced by large
numbers of the most desperate men in tho State,
under the call of the Governor for troops. A state-
ment of the facts, signed by loading citizcns of the
county, was laid before the Governor, and he was
solicited to remove them or protect the citizens,
assured of the ability of the civil officers to enforce
the laws if tho militia were withdrawn, and of tho
willingness of the citizens to aid them in doing so.
The only response to that application was forwarded
by the Governor to the commander of the militia at
Lexington, who, with a squad of his men, mobbed
Colonel Casper Grubor, a leading Union citizen, be-
cause he had aided in having the application or state-
ment made to the Governor.
Tho United States revenue laws cannot be exe-
cuted in tho district while this lamentable condition
of things exists. The United States assistant assessor
for Ray county is also made a prisoner by the militia.
In view of tho interruption to tho United States
laws in said district, and the fact that civil officers
of the United States cannot remain in said district
without protection against the violence of these law-
loss men, who aro now in possession of tho county,
we respectfully solicit the interposition of your Ex-
cellency to protect us in the discharge ot our duties
as assessor in said district, and that your Excel-
lency will take such steps as will lead to a full and
complete investigation of the outrages perpetrated
upon a loyal and peaceful peoplo under this un-
founded and false pretext, that the law cannot be
oxecuted in said countv.
RICHARD C. VAUGHAN,
United Slates Assessor, Sixth District, Missouri.
We, tho undersigned, citizons of Lexington and
county of La Fayette, state that we know the forego-
ing recital of some of the outrages perpetrated upon
the people of La Fayette county, as sot forth by the
United States Assessor, li. C. Vaughan, to be true, and
they can be established by the concurrent testimony
of tho great mass of the people of the county, includ-
ing tho civil officers. And we most earnestly and re-
spectlully unite in the prayer of said petition for
protection, under tho laws of the United States, to
our lives and property, and that an investigation
may bo instituted at tho earliest period practicable.
A. GREEN.
ALEXANDER MITCHELL.
THOMAS 13. WALLACE,
United States Marshal, Western District of Missouri.
Jepfebso.v City, Missouri, December 12.
The Governor has issued tho following supplement-
ary proclamation:
To the citizens of La Fayette and Jackson counties .•
Having become satisfied that the ordinary process
of law cannot bo executed in your counties, and that
a sufficient posse will not respond to the call of an
officer for that purpose, I havo, by authority of the
net of tho General Assembly of tho 11th of March,
1806, entitled ''An act to provide for the enforeo-
mcut of the civil law," <fcc„ called into active service
twenty-lour companies of cavalry and ten compa-
nies of infantry for duty in the counties of La Fayette
and Jackson, which counties will bo required to raise
by taxation the amount necessary to pay said force.
Whenever I am satisfied that the people of the coun-
ties named will cnforco the law against all men who
have violated it, as thoy can and ought to do, and
shall, by their support of civil authority, give the
usual legal protection to the law-abiding citizens,
and each evil-doer has a proper fear of the punish-
ments of the law, the troops ordered there will be
withdrawn.
In to3tiniony whereof, I have hereunto set my hand
and caused to bo affixed the great seal of the State
of Missouri. Bone at the city of Jefferson, this 12th
day of Dccomber, in tho year of our Lord 1866, and
of tho independence of the United States tho ninety-
first, and of tho State of Missouri the forty-seventh.
^ „ THOMAS 0. FLETCHER.
By tho Governor:
Francis Rodman, Secretary of State.
St. Louis, December 21, 1868.
I have the honor to state that during nearly two
years of the past war I was in command of the Uni-
ted States forces in the district of country herein
referred to. I hat I am personally and intimately
acquainted with the signers of this petition and state-
ment, and know that they, were original Union men
and have ever been such, and that they are men of
unblemished reputation and character. I also say
that I am personally acquainted with the men who
have been sent by the Governor to La Fayette county
as militiamen, either personally or by their general
reputation, and know them to be men of bad char-
acter, a portionof whom were dishonorably dismissed
the service for bad conduct, and some of them have
the reputation of having been rebel bushwhackers.
E.B.BROWN,
Late Brigadier General Volunteers.
St. Louis, Missouri, December 20,1866,
To the President of the United States;
The undersigned, citizens of the State of Missouri,
respeotfully represent that thoy are well acquainted
with Messrs. R. C. Vaughan, Amos Green. A. Mitch-
ell, and Thonias B. Wallace, who have signed the
accompanying statement in relation to the deplora-
ble condition ot aftairs in the city of Lexington, and
county of La Fayette, in this State. They arc gentle-
men of unblemished private character and of well-
known loyalty. Mr. Vaughan was among the first
to take arms for the Government during the late
rebellion, and was made prisoner by therebels at the
time of the capture of Colonel Mulligan, and served
subsequently until neartiieclosc of the war, with the
rank of brigadier general in the service of the State.
Mr. Green is a lawyer of high character and social
position in Lexington, and known to the whole com-
munity as a firm and decided Union man. idr.
Mitchell was also in the scrviee during the war pa a
quartermaster, with the rank of major. Mr. Wallaco
was appointed United States marshal for the western
district of Missouri by Mr. Lincoln at the begmuing
of his Administration, and has been reappointed to
that position by your Excellency.
The undersigned, therefore, do not hesitate to in-
dorso fully the btateinentof these gentlemen and call
upon your Excellency to exert the power of the Gov-
ernment to arrest and punish the outrages which
have been, and are now being committed upon an
unoffending and unresisting community, whom the
Executive of this State, in violation of law and with-
out any justifiable pretext, has made the victims of
robbery and murder.
The extraordinary occurrences detail ed in the state-
ment of Messrs. Vaughan and others would natur-
ally excite incredulity, if the history of this State for
the past few years had not prepared most men of in-
telligence and observation to expect such a catas-
trophe.
The government of the Stato of Missouri has long
since ceased to be republican except in its mere name.
The present Governor of the State and State offi-
cers were clectcd in the midst of the recent war. At
the sametime a constitutional convention was called
to consider amendments to our constitution. At that
time the great body of patriotic citizens of our State
who were exerting themselves to put down the re-
bellion were absent from the State serving as sol-
diers in the armies of the United States; war was
flagrant in almost every county of the State, and in
many- places the polls surrounded by armed men
from other States and the militia of our own State.
The result was the success of those who clamored
most loudly against the rebellion, but whose conduct
in remaining at home during the war showed a keener
appetite for civil office, as a means of its overthrow,
than for the hardship and danger of service in tho
field. The constitutional convention thus elected
passed an ordinance vacating almost all the civil
officcs in the State, even those elected at the same
time and by the same votes by which their own power
was conferred, and gave to the Governor of the State
the power of appointment to all the offices thus va-
cated. The Governor, under this authority, reap-
pointed such as were his friends and partisans, and
filled tho other vacancies from the same class of per-
sons. Tho convention then made a new constitution
which was not submitted to the people of the State
for ratification, but to those of the people only who
would take an oath which the convention had pre-
scribed, which oath is believed to be in violation of
the Constitution of the United States, and which
thousands of our most loyal citizens could not con-
scientiously take, and least of all those who favored
the oath and forced it upon tha peopl« of the State.
The result was that eighty-five thousand votes only
were cast at the election upon the ratification of the
constitution, less by some twenty thousand than tho
number of soldiers contributed by the State to the
Armies of the Union, and only one half of the num-
ber of votes polled in this State at the presidential
election of I860. The new constitution was pro-
claimed to be ratified by eighteen hundred majority;
some of the strongest Union counties at the first out-
break of the war giving the heaviest majorities against
it, and some of the strongestsecession counties in the
State at that period giving majorities for it. Thus at
an election in which more than one half of the peo-
ple were disfranchised by an unconstitutional test
oath, many thousands of those th'us disfranchised be-
ing in tho service as soldiers of the Republic, by a
minority vote of the people this new constitution was
fastened upon the State as its fundamental law. The
constitution required a registry law to be put in force
and one was enacted born of the spirit which made
the constitution and intended to retain the power
of the State in the hands of the minority who had
made it.
This registration law gave the Governor the au-
thority to appoint a supervisor who was to appoint
the registrars for every county in the State, and the
registrars thus appointed had the powersubstantially
to appoint the voters. Thoy could with or without
evidence reject the vote of any one or admit W tho
franchise whomsoever they pleased. The judges of
election were appointed by the judges of the county
couits, all of whom were appointed by the Governor
and the clerk of the county court, whose duty it was
to give the certificate of election to the successful
candidates, was also appointed by the Governor. No
single link of the chain of despotism by which the
absolute control of the elections was given to the
Governor will be found wanting in this elaborately
contrived plan. So shameless and careless even of
appearances were the contrivers of this palpable
fraud that at the last election in this State a large
number of the registrars and supervisors were them-
selves candidates for the most lucrative offices in th©
seyeral counties while making out the lists of quali-
fied voters,
The result of the election, if that can be called an
election in wbicn <one political party had the power
to disfranchise i£s political antagonists, was, a-s i-t
