1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1849
which I now seek to put a stop to was got up
after the war. When the first attempt at mil-
itary organization there was made, General
Slocum, commanding the department of the
Mississippi, issued an order forbidding it as
dangerous to the country ; but that order was
afterward arrested by the action of the Pres-
ident. Many of these organizations exist, offi-
cered by rebels and wearing the rebel uniform,
and they go up and down the country taking
arms away from men who own arms, and com-
mitting outrages of various kinds; and in one
county they have threatened to drive out of
that county every emancipated man. Indeed,
the Governor of Mississippi has had to use his
influence to prevent outrages. In North Car-
olina and South Carolina and other quarters
attempts have been made to organize militia.
General Sickles told me the other day that he
believed he had prevented the organization of
forty or fifty regiments in his department, and
in doing as he did he acted without authority
of law and without direction of the President;
but he regarded it as the most fatal thing that
could be done to permit any of these rebel
organizations to be formed. This provision will
not interfere with the enforcement of proper
police regulations, but it prevents armea rebel
organizations in any of these States until mat-
ters are settled; then these States will be at
liberty to organize their militia as the other
States do. 1 am surprised that anybody could
be in favor of allowing for one moment an
armed organization of militia forces in these
States, completely as they are in the hands of
rebels. These organizations, I say again, are
completely rebel, not only in the men who
compose them, but in the spirit which animates
them, and I think they should not be permit-
ted. The public safety requires that they
should not be at present. When matters are
settled and these States are again represented
here they can form their militia organizations
as the other States do.
Mr. WILLEY. Certainly, Mr. President;
I am not the advocate of any armed rebel
organizations in these States; nor would I
favor any measure that would cherish or en-
courage any such organizations, nor by any
voice of mine obstruct or defeat legislation
that might prevent organizations of that char-
acter; but I understand the effect of this
amendment to go further than that; to prevent
all kinds of organizations of the militia. We
may very well imagine that the loyal militia
of the southern States may be needed under
certain contingencies to put down these rebel
organizations. It might be an efficient instru-
mentality, under proper management and ju-
risdiction, to accomplish that object. As I
understand the purport of this amendment, it
takes the right to bear arms away from every
citizen of the southern States, loyal and dis-
loyal, deprives even the loyal men in the south-
ern States of the aid of loyal militia organiza-
tions for the purpose of maintaining the public
peace. I should be very willing to favor dis-
criminating legislation that would regulate the
use of arms by the militia in the South; but a
sweeping enactment of the character that I
understand this to be does not meet my appro-
bation as at present advised.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It seems to me this
proposition ought not to be moved to an
appropriation bill, at a time, too, when the
Senate is very thin. I think of scarcely any
measure of greater importance than the one
now proposed. I did not expect it, and I
think a good many other Senators were not
expecting any general legislation on this bill.
I observe that many seats are empty at this
hour. I am not able to see how the propo-
sition can be adopted by the Senate, in view
of the second article of the Amendments to the
Constitution, which declares, '• a well-regu-
lated militia being necessary to the security
of a free State, the right of the people to keep
and bear arms shall not be infringed." If this
infringes the right of the people to bear arms
we have no authority to adopt it. This pro-
vision does not relate to States alone; it re-
lates to people, wherever they may be tinder
the jurisdiction of the United States. Of
course in time of war people bearing arms
in hostility to the Government would not be
protected by this provision of the Constitu-
tion ; but when there is no war, in a time of
peace, certainly the provision of the Constitu-
tion applies now, if it ever does. I suggest to
the Senator who has offered this section that
it ought to be presented as a distinct and sep-
arate bill, so that it can receive proper consid-
i eration, and it should not be brought in by
j way of amendment to an appropriation bill,
i Mr. WILSON. It was reported the other
I day in an Army bill, and the Senator from In-
| diana had it stricken off, and I had to yield to
him because we had not a quorum present and
I could not call for a division. I do not pro-
pose to yield now ; I do not mean that rebels
shall be armed ; and I intend to adhere to this
amendment and submit the question to a vote
, of the Senate. I have had to yield the prin-
ciple of the amendment several times before.
I am surprised that anybody here should advo-
cate the arming of rebels, for it is nothing more
and nothiDg less. All our military men in that
country are opposed to it. There is but one
voice from them. General Slocum put his hand
on the first attempt that was made ; General
Sickles lias done the same thing; and other
generals have done it.
I am willing, howevfer, to modify the amend-
ment by striking out the word "disarmed."
Then it will provide simply for disbanding these
organizations. The militia organizations organ-
ized in these States are not in unison with the
country; they are hostile tp it; and therefore
I propose to disband them until matters are
settled.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator did omit
from a bill the other evening at my suggestion
a proposition something like this; and I believe
that the propriety of striking that provision
from that bill was appreciated by every Sen-
ator in the body. That was a bill to increase
the pay of the officers of the Army, and I think
the Senator had dragged into that bill every
loose piece of legislation that was floating about
Congress, certainly everything that struck his
own imagination, and this among the rest. He
started out with a bill of many sections, an
omnibus concern, where one matter would carry
another through, and closed with a bill of but
few sections. I thought the Senator did very
right in striking out this provision from that
bill at that time, and I think he would do very
right in dropping it from this bill at this time.
I think the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance will agree that it is not a safe system of
legislating to incorporate general principles of
legislation in appropriation bills. Appropria-
tion bills ought to come in and go out as clean,
naked appropriations according to law. But
legislating in regard to a policy to be adopted
by the Government in an appropriation bill is
never, in my judgment, except in very rare
cases, advisable. I do not intend to discuss
the question further. I think it is unsafe.
Mr. WILLEY. The amendment as modified
is very much more acceptible to me than it was
originally. The idea, by a sweeping enactment
attached to an appropriation bill, of disarming
the whole people of the South seemed to me to
be so directly in the face of the Constitution
itself, as to strike me somewhat strange. I
desire to suggest to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, whether he cannot still further modify
his amendment so as not to prevent the loyal
portion of the militia of the South being em-
ployed when necessary for domestic peace and
protection. His amendment, as I understand
it, without authority given hereafter by Con-
gress, would prevent the employment of any
portion of the militia of the South for any pur-
pose whatever, or at least the arming and em-
ploying them as such. It would deprive the
United States of the benefit of the loyal militia
iu the South until further legislation on the
part of Congress. It would deprive the officers
in command of tho forces of the United States
in the South of the opportunity of calling to
their aid the loyal militia of the South to aid
them in executing the laws and maintaining
order. It strikes me it ought to be modified
so as not to deprive the country of the benefit
of the services of men into whose hands it
would not be dangerous to place arms.
Mr. WILSON. I do not suppose there is a
regiment or company of loyal militia in these
States. I think they all ought to be disbanded,
and none of them permitted to exist until mat-
ters are settled, because they cannot be any
support to the country in the present condition
of things. I ask for the yeas and nays on my
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LANE. This measure was well con-
sidered and well matured by the Military Com-
mittee. They had no doubt whatever as to
the propriety and necessity of the proposed
legislation. In many of the southern States
companies of rebel soldiers have been, and are
being armed, and we suppose that they are
dangerous to the public peace and to the
security of Union citizens m those States. I
can see no possible propriety in sending a reg-
ular force there to keep the peace and keep
these people in subjection, and at the same
time arm them and authorize them to organize
a local militia in these States until their status
and condition is established by Congress, until
we have the certainty that they are loyal and
will fight for instead of against the Govern-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall be obliged to
vote against this amendment, simply for tlie
reason that I am opposed to general legisla-
tion on appropriation bills. As to the pro-
vision itself on its merits I am in favor of it,
and in the proper place I should vote for it
without any hesitation.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 23, nays 11; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler: Con-
ness, Cresirell, Fogg, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes,
Howe, Lane, Morgan, Morrill, Nye, Poland, Pome-
roy, Boss, Sprague, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
son, and Yates—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Dixon, Fessenden, Henderson,
Hendricks, Johnson, Norton, Patterson, Riddle.
Sherman. Van Winkle, and Willey—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckalew.Cattell, Cowan, Cra-
gin, Davis, Doolittle, Edmunds, Foster, Guthrie,
Harris, Howard, Kirkwood, McDougall, Nesmith,
Ramsey, Saulsbury, Stewart, and Williams—18.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. I offer this amendment to
come in after line seventy-four of section one :
To enable the Secretary of War to pay the expense
of making a complete surrey of a national park in
Washington, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate passed on the 18th day of July, 1866, $2,500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ts that in pursuance
of law? A resolution of the Senate does not
authorize such an amendment.
Mr. POLAND. On the 18th of July last a
resolution passed the Senate authorizifig the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
"to employ a practical landscape gardener or
topographical engineer to examine the different
tracts of land offered to the committee" for
the purpose of a park, "who shall report to
the committee in December next." The com-
mittee applied to the War Department, and a
topographical engineer was detailed to make a
survey and make the maps. I have a commu-
nication from the War Department showing
the amount of expense incurred. The bill
which has been passed by the Senate at this
session was founded upon that survey, and this
amendment is to pay the expense of the survey
which has already been made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
that communication read.
Mr. POLAND. I have a letter from Gene-
ral Michler, who made the survey, and also from
General Hnmphreys, chief of Engineers. I
send them both to the desk to be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Engineer's Offices,
G and Twenty-second Steeits,^
W a shim.ton, February 4. li&7.
Sir: In reply to my communication of July 31,1866,
informing you that I had been detailed to make tho
necessary examinations and surveys for the location
of a park and site for a Presidential Mansion, and to
