1174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
and that not voluntarily, after 4th March, 1864,
to prove these facts in a United States court
by the evidence of persons who have ever been
loyal. And on such proof and subscribing on
the court records an oath to that effect such
private soldier is entitled to a certificate enti-
tling him to vote.
The seventh section requires the Secretary
of War to cause a complete registration of such
electors to be made, and a week before each
general election published, and this to be done
by qualified electors.
The eighth section authorizes these same
electors upon the third Tuesday of October,
1867, unless Congress should otherwise pro-
vide, to elect from persons eligible for Gov-
ernor a convention to frame a permanent con-
stitution for Louisiana, which must contain the
three irreversible provisions:
1. That the United States shall enforce the
perpetual union of the States ;
2. That no distinction in the rights of men
shall be permitted on account of race; and
_3. That no rebel debt nor pension nor gra-
tuity shall be paid by the State.
And this constitution may be presented to
Congress for approval and admission of rep-
resentation, but on such terms as Congress
may prescribe.
The eleventh section requires all the laws
passed by any provisional Legislature to be,
as soon as possible, presented to Congress for
approval; and makes them void from date of
the receipt of the disapproval at supreme court
of Louisiana. ,,
The tenth scction creates the militia out of
them who are electors, requires them to be
organized and equipped; and, during the pro-
visional government, puts them under the para-
mount control of the United States commander
for Louisiana.
The sixth section makes every act of disloy-
alty prima facia voluntary; and to avoid the
resulting disqualification to vote or hold office
permits it to be shown by testimony of them,
who have always borne true allegiance to the
United States that it was involuntary.
The thirteenth section keeps in force, until
modified or repealed, all the present laws of
Louisiana which are not inconsistent with this
act nor with the Constitution nor any other
law of the United States.
And the ninth section provides that when-
ever from any cause the civil authority shall
fail promptly to enforce, in favor of all men,
the criminal and other laws of both State and
United States, including all election laws there,
the United States military forces (to be sta-
tioned by the President in Louisiana for the
purpose under a United States officer not be-
low brigadier general) shall arrest and hold
offenders until prosecuted by civil courts; and
shall, so far as requisite to insure full execu-
tion of the laws, give support and aid to the
civil authorities.
Such is the exact substance of this entire
bill. I wish to state a few things with regard,
first to the legal right, and second in relation
to the duty of Congress to pass this or some
similar bill.
I shall confine what I say touching the power
of Congress to pass the bill principally to our
power to employ the military forces for the
purpose of enforcing order and law, as this
Ml and the one reported by the Reconstruc-
tion Committee do; because, as the greater
includes the less, if it shall appear that we can
use the military force as provided by the bill,
a fortiori we can the civil authority also.
Are, then, this State of Louisiana and its
people in that condition and state of fact
which under our Government make it legal to
control thorn by military force? As I said the
other day, this is a question of law dependent
for its answer upon a state of fact. That
question of fact is exactly this: is there in
Louisiana such a remaining state of hostility
insubordination, and rebellion to and against
the authority of the United States as that the
courts cannot or will not redress personal
grievances nor protect the loyal people ? Now,
before inquiring how this fact is, let me allude
to some general principles ofpublicandof con-
stitutional law which belong to and control the
powersof our own and all other free Govern-
ments in those conditions of society which I
shall seek to show are now upon Louisiana.
And first of all it must be ever remembered
that the laws of nations, including the laws of
war, are part of both our Constitution and of
our common law as one of the family of civil-
ized nations. This is so expressly written in our
Constitution (article one, section eight, clause
eleven) where it assumes that, in absence of
any statute or constitution, an act in violation
of the law of nations will be an "offense;" and
that all that Congress need be empowered to do
is "todefineandpunish "these offenses."
Chancellor Kent, the foremost jurist of this
age, in the opening sentence of the greatest
work upon the law produced in our age, declares
that—
" When the United States censed to be a part of the
British empire, and assumed the character of an in-
dependent nation, they became subjcct to that system
of rules which reason, morality, and custom among
the civilized nations of Europe, as their public law."
Next, it must be-borne in mind that the great
body of the citizens of Louisiana have for four
years been engaged in the most fierce, huge,
and bloody war for the destruction of the Gov-
ernment which is known to "human history, and
that most of their awns-bearing white men are
to-day prisoners of war.
Next, it must be remembered that the fla-
grant war is only just ended, and that not by
any voluntary surrender or upon professions
of changed views, of purposes, or of sorrow ;
bin only by reason of a crushing defeat in war.
These things being kept in mind, let us ap-
proach this inquiry: whether over this people,
in such condition, the United States may ex-
ert military and other police force for the en-
forcement of the law, when the fact is found
to bo that the spirit of the rebellion remains
so strong and insubordinate as to prevent the
courts from enforcing the law and from pro-
tecting the lives, property, and other rights of
the friends and citizens of the Government.
Now, Mr. Speaker, to ask such a question in
an assembly of men supposed to be above idiocy
seems like an insnlt, and to answer it is like
mockery. Why, sir, in the name of all the
gods at once, has it come to that? Must a Gov-
ernment which can expend four billions of
treasure, an ocean of tears such as would almost
float your navies, of blood that would turn all
your rivers into crimson, lives that would peo-
ple and enrich an empire, must a Government
that can do all this for the crushing out of a
rebellion against its life stop short at the mo-
ment of overthrow of hostile armies and let
every man, woman, and child in one half of
the Republic—and who would not fight it—be
either assassinated or banished on account of
their invincible love of country, and all this be
suffered because the rebel assassin is not doing
his work while drawn up in the lines of armies
or in martial array?
, Why, sir, is it so that there can be no rebel-
lion^ no absence of public safety, except when
war is flagrant and armies are in the field and
the_ glare of battle lights up your valleys?
Neither reason nor law nor history permits
but one answer to this. There is no Govern-
ment, and there can be no Government long
which applies such a rule to the defense of its
citizens and its own life in time of great public
danger and disorder.
When they were arranging in your country
the terms of your Constitution upon this sub-
ject they were enacting in Prance the terms
of her constitution under which the state of
might be declared in which the empire
of the law is suspended ; and this is arranged
'°i."e exac'.'y libe your own when invasion or
rebellion brings " imminent peril to the public
secamtj'." And under these terms of French
statutes the emperor, as well as the governors
of provinces and commanders of posts, have
been permitted to declare a state of siege as
well where there was no flagrant war as where
there was.
With a provision in the English Constitution
that the privileges of this writ of habeas corpus
'shall ever be had by all the people, the Parlia-
ment has suspended the writ " when for what-
ever cause the ordinary administration of jus-
tice has been arrested in any part of Great
Britain." (Wheaton, 520.) And English his-
tory is full of examples of the enforcement of
martial law in times of profound peace, of
which we have had an example, I believe,
within a few months in Ireland. I allude to
these foreign examples only to show what all
good and free Governments deem to he requi-
site for the preservation of government.
But the powers of your own Government in
this regard are not to be learned alone from
the practices of other Governments, but are
settled by your own authorities.
Now, what by your own authority is that
state of public danger in which this writ may
be suspended in the United States ? Must
war be actually flagrant? or is it enough that
the courts are so obstructed by a foreign or
a domestic enemy of the United States as
that they cannot protect the citizens nor over-
come the unfriendly force which hinders the
execution of the laws? It is most manifestly,
as well in the latter as in the former state of
insurrection and danger, that the United States
may suspend the writ. This is virtually and
almost expressly declared by Chief Justice
Marshall in ex parte Ballman, (4 Cranch, 75.)
Let it be remembered that this case arose out
of an arrest and suspension of the writ during
Burr's conspiracy in 1807. Then there was
no war, no battles, no armies, and it is to-day
a matter unsettled by your history whether
there was even any conspiracy unfriendly to
your Government.
And yet, in that state of things, not only did
Mr. Jefferson seek to suspend the writ, not
only did the Senate unanimously order the writ
suspended, (in which the House did not, how-
ever, concur,) but it was in, and as to, that
state of the country that Chief Justice Marshall
uses the following words:
" If at any time the public safety should require
the suspension of the powers vested by this act [Ju-
diciary aoj of 1789] in the courts of the United States,
it is for the Legislature to say so. The question de-
pends on political considerations, on which the Legis-
lature is to decide. Until the legislative will be ex-
pressed this court can only see its duty and must obey
the laws."
Now, I do not allude to this language, nor
to this alleged conspiracy of Burr, to say that
the country was in fact in such a state of danger
as to demand the suspension of the privileges
of the writ of habeas corpus, nor to show that
Judge Marshall so decided. But I do allude
to it to show that nobody then pretended that
an actual conflict of arms or array of armies
was requisite to authorize the writ to be sus-
pended by Congress. I allude to it to show
that both Jefferson and the entire Senate did
deem that to be a tinfe when the writ should
be suspended. But •Especially and above all I
allude to this language of Marshall to show that
he deemed the country even then to be in such
a state of danger, though there was neither a
flagrant war or rebellion, nor any battles, nor
armies, nor possibly even conspirators as that
it was then competent for the Legislature to
"say that the public safety required the sus-
pension of the powers vested in the courts."
Mr. Lawrence in his Notes to Wheaton (page
517) quotes with apparent approval the follow-
ing words from a speech by Mr. Bayard, in
United States Senate of 28th January, 18G2:
"But I deny, unless you mean to abrogate the
Constitution entirely, that such a principle can apply
to any Portion of the territory of the United States
are not. suspended in consequence
m the possession of either a domestic or
m yoi^uence of the courts not
being open for the redress of personal grievances."
W, neither Mr. Lawrence nor Mr. Bayard
can be accused of showing an excess of favor
to a liberal use of war powers against this re-
bellion ; and yet here these men expressly
admit that this military power may be exer-
