1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
Here was a law that it was expected would be
put in force. It was the duty of the President
to execute it. He could not execute it except
by the appointment of an officer. This was all
contemplated by Congress when they passed
the law at an hour of the session when it was
impossible for the President to make a nomina-
tion and for the nomination to be confirmed.
The only reply that is or can be made is,
that whenever a vacancy of that sort might
occur the Senate should be called to consider
the nomination. I think that is not practi-
cable, and it is, to say the least of it, very in-
convenient.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Allow me to ask, would
it not be easy in cases ,of that kind, if this
becomes a law, to provide in the law creating
the office for a special appointment?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Why, Mr. President,
I am talking of the construction that Congress
has put on this clause of the Constitution.
The construction put upon it by the executive
department has been uniform since, I believe,
the very first session of the First Congress
under the Constitution ; and now I refer to a
case in which the Congress of the United States
has put upon it a construction by passing a law
at the last hours of the session, when it was
impossible that there should be a confirmation
of a nomination. Every Senator knows that
the attention of the President for the last day
or two of the session is occupied in consider-
ing the bills that are passed. Congress might
have provided as the Senator suggests possibly;
but it would have been a singular provision.
It would have been a funny law. If it could
have been illustrated in some of the pictorials,
such a law as that would have been vastly
amusing. But it was not done. I am simply
speaking of what Congress did do.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I do not think the Sena-
tor understands me. If this bill shall become
a law, hereafter, when an office is created at
the end of the session, will it not be easy in ,
the law creating the office to provide for a spe-
cial appointment in that particular case by the
President to run until the next regular meeting
of Congress ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. If that be*so, what is
the use of passing this ? Why not leave him
where the Constitution leaves him? The Sena-
tor from Iowa suggests the statesman-like prop-
osition that Congress shall, by general provis-
ion of law, provide that a vacancy shall not be
filled by the President, provided that vacancy
existed at the adjournment of the Senate, and
then to meet the practical troubles which will
be found every year, he suggests that in each
particular law we shall for that particular case
repeal this general law which he says must now
be passed.
Mr. EDMONDS. Will my friend from
Indiana allow me to interrupt him?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to remind him,
because I need not inform him, for he is un-
doubtedly aware of it, that he has forgotten
that there are many instances in the legislation
of Congress when new offices have been created
by law where in order to give the President
power to fill them in the vacation for the first
time an express provision to that effect has
been inserted in the act of Congress; so that
there is no such practical construction on that
point as my friend from Indiana seems to sup-
pose on his side of the question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What law does the
Senator refer to?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I can refer the Senator
to several instances, but have not the memo-
randa at hand at this moment. There are
several such instances.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I cannot question what
the Senator says; but his compliment to my
intelligence is not deserved. I have not ob-
served them. I shall not question what he
says, that they exist. I referred to his ease as
showing the construction Congress has put on
this provision of'the Constitution.
Mr. PIOWARD. The Senator from Indiana
puts the question whether it was not expected
in the cases to which he referred that the Pres-
ident should fill these offices by temporary
appointments during the vacation. I suppose
that is the point of his question, offices created
at one session of Congress to which no regular
appointment has been made during that session
of the Senate. Well, sir, in the view which
the Senator takes of that matter, it seems that
he construes the action of Congress, or rather
of the Senate, in adjourning and going home,
as an assent to the power of the President to
fill the offices thus created.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator does not
state it exactly as I undertook to state it.
Mr. HOWARD. Perhaps I do not.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am speaking of laws
passed at the session when Congress necessa-
rily adjourns on the 4th of March. On the 3d
of March Congress passes laws requiring the
appointment of important officers to execute
laws passed at that date. Now, I say the
Senate contemplated that the President should
make those appointments after consideration,
after an opportunity to consider the claims of
the different applicants that should be made.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not think that Con-
gress contemplated any such thing. They have
not said so in any statute or in any resolution.
They leave the matter to stand upon the Con-
stitution. They always leave it there as a
matter of course.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator from
Michigan allow me to ask him a question?
The act organizing the Freedmen's Bureau
was passed on the 3d of March. I think the
Senator will concede that it was practically
impossible for the President to consider of his
nomination at that hour of the session. The
Senator knows that the President's attention
at that time is entirely occupied with the
examination of bills with a view to his signa-
ture. The Senator knows that at the short
session more perhaps than one half of the
laws are approved on the 3d of March. Now,
a law passed of that character establishing
the Freedmen's Bureau, would the Senator
have held the President to be without blame
jf he left that law unexecuted for nine months
when the Senate necessarily adjourned within a
few hours after the passage of the law ? Was it
the duty of the President to execute that law?
Mr. HOWARD. As to the duty of the Pres-
idect to execute the laws I wish to say one
word. He is bound by his oath of office to
see that the laws are faithfully executed. There
is no doubt about this obligation, nor the form
in which it is assumed j he is sworn to do so;
but if the Senator from Indiana takes the
ground that the President of the United States
can constitutionally derive from that grant of
power any authority whatever which is not
granted to him in other portions of the Consti-
tution, then I must say that J differ entirely
with the Senator from Indiana. The oath of
office of the President of the United States
gives him no power whatever: he derives no
additional authority or additional functions
from his mere oath of office; he is sworn to
see that the laws are faithfully executed, and
of course as Congress make the laws and im-
pose this obligation upon him it is their duty
to provide the proper and necessary instru-
ments to enable him to perform this duty to
which he is thus sworn. He uses, and he can
use, only such instrumentalities as are furnished
him by statute of the United States for the pur-
pose of seeing that the laws are faithfully ex-
ecuted. He derives no additional authority
from that clause of the Constitution. Congress
are under oath, and each member of Congress
takes an oath faithfully to discharge his duty,
and he is sworn to furnish the necessary facili- i
ties to the President in the shape of legislation j
to enable him to perform his duties; and that
is the beginning and the middltf and the end of j
the whole thing. If Congress fail to furnish j
the necessary instruments, then the President I
of the United States is blameless if the laws i
go unexecuted: because it is not his fault, but, ;
on the contrary, the fault of Congrebs. We
stand in the place of the responsible party. II
Well, sir, as to the particular case put by the
honorable Senator from Indiana, the head of
the Freedmen's Bureau was not appointed at
the particular session to which he refers. The
President on the_ 3d of March, he tells us, is
usually engaged in the examination of bills.
True, he generally is; it is inconvenient and in
some cases perhaps it may be said to be morally
impossible that he should on that day, before the
close of the session, fill the office. I grant that;
but what is the logical consequence 1 Nothing,
except his inability to perform a duty which
rested upon him. But here is a further facility
placed in the hands of the President. He sees
when he reads the bill on the 3d of March that
it requires the appointment of an officer to per-
form the functions created by the statute; he
is unable on that day to designate a proper
person to the Senate to fill the office. The
Constitution enables him at any time to call
the Senate together; he may by a single word
of his mouth direct a note to be published in a
newspaper, or a note to be sent to each mem-
ber of the Senate, convening them on the 4th of
March, for the purpose of acting upon execu-
tive nominations, and this one among others;
and that has been the usage of the President
from the beginning of the Government. At the
close of a^ost every session of Congress the
Senate has been detained in executive session.
Mr. CONNESS. Every short session.
Mr. HOWARD. And I think occasionally
at the end of every long session where cases
of this kind came up. It is the commonest
thing in the world. He has the power to fill
the office by regular appointment by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, if he
will take the trouble to notify the Senators to
be in their seats. Is there any difficulty what-
ever in that ? Certainly the honorable Senator,
in the face of these constitutional provisions
and this usage, cannot, I think, contend that it
was the understanding of Congress on the 3d
of March that the President should make a
temporary appointment to fill this so-called
vacancy during the recess of the Senate. I do
not see how the two things are connected with
each other; I do not see any immediate con-
nection between the gentleman's premises and
his conclusion, in other words. The Consti-
tution affords every facility for the appointment
to office by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate; while on the other hand it does
not, for it cannot provide for every casualty,
every contingency, in the public service, and
against every inconvenience that may arise
from death, from resignation, or from other
accident. It would be necessary, in order to
guard against every such inconvenience, to
enlarge the Constitution to the dimensions of
the statutes themselves, and even beyond that
size in order to meet all those contingencies.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will furnish to my friend
from Indiana one of the precedents to which I
alluded, and there is any number of them.
This one goes back to the good old times when
no partisan motives which he seems to be so
suspicious of can be imputed to Congress or
to the President. By the act of the 7th of
May. 1822, providing for certain collection
districts in Florida, it was declared that the
President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, should appoint a collector and
surveyor for each of the districts, and then it
proceeded to provide further:
"But the President, in the recess of the Senate,
may make temporary appointments of any such col-
lector or surveyor, whose commission shall expire
in forty days from tho commencement of the next
session of Congress thereafter."
So that at that time, as at all the other times
to which I have referred, when new offices were
created, it was thought necessary to confer upon
the President the express power of filling up
those offices unless they were filled before the
Senate adjourned.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to move an exec-
utive session.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will the Senator give way
to me a moment to make a motion in connec-
tion with this bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
