1176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
for the States lately in insurrection; upon
■which Mr. Kelley was entitled to the flootf.
Mr. STEVENS. ' Will my colleague [Mr.
keller] yield to me for a moment, for some
business that will occupy no time?
Mr. KELLEY. Certainly.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table and
have referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions the amendments of the Senate to House
bill No. 01*8, making appropriations for the
service of the. Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending Jfane 30, 1868, and for
other purposes.
No objection was made, and the reference
was accordingly made. ;
PENSION APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. STEVENS. I also ask unanimous
consent to have taken from the Speaker's
table and referred to the Committee on Ap-
gropriations the amendment of the Senate to
[ouse bill No. 903, making appropriations
for the payment oC invalid and other pensions
of the United States for the year ending June
30, 18C8._ _ *
No objection was made, and the reference
was accordingly made.
Mr. RADFORD. I move that the House
now take a recess.
The motioh was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.)
the House took a recess till half past seven
o'clock p. m.  
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
HENRY E. EAltLE.
Mr. LYNCH asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House the peti-
tion and papers in the case of Henry E. Earle.
CAPITAL AND LABOR.
Mr. KUYKENDALL. I ask unanimous
consent to present, have printed in the Globe,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, the following petition of citizens of
Oberlin, Ohio, upon the subject of capital and
labor.
No objection was made.
The petition is as follows:
To thr Senate and House of Representatives of the United
Slates in Congress assembled :
Your petitioners, inhabitants of Oberlin, Ohio, re-
spectfully represent, to your honorable body that tho
masses o£ laborers in tho United States aro yet unin-
formed on tho subject of national finance, or tho
proper institution of money, and therefore not pre-
pared to act in the premises. Their ignorance as to
tho power of capital ovor their liberties and lives is
second only to that of the slave, and they havo been
too willingly lolt so by the owners of capital for sim-
ilar reasons to those which kept tho slave in igno-
rance and under the lash. Our papers are as silent
concerning tho curses of the present system as were
ever tho southern sheets concerning the abominable
iniquities of slavory. Those aro under the control
of tho money power; those were under control of
the slavery power.
We therefore pray you that all important action
on this subject may bo deferred until sufficient time
and opportunity havo been given the people for
discussion, for tho interests it involves are vital to
liberty. The masses aro beginning to get awake to
this matter, and they should havo timo to deliberate,
a«i<( to give their voice before anything is done by
which.the nation shall be expected permanently
to abide. If this time is not given it will only lead
to greater complication in the final settlement of the
question, when the masses havo considered and do-
cided it.
Capitalists have done nothing by which they are
ffiS of lUlUbor?ra.reSt °° thdr b°ndS fr°mthe
rohni«°fnnr^h?U^lltu!l.cl,llatt,es aSainst treason. The
rebels fought the battle against liberty, or labor in
the front, and capitalists fought us in our rear and
right in our line*. 4fcUU
¥e therefore pray you that nothing may be done
by y our honorable body by means of wliich the heavy
burdens now imposed upon the laboring masses shall
be sought to be made permanent
But if action now is unavoidable we pray you to
act in behalf of the musses, in behalf of liberty and
of labor; forsuch action must bo had if the perpetuity
ot the nation is secured; and we would respectfully
suggest that the only safe method of doing this is to
, abolish the present national banking system," and
resort to the issue of legal-tender Treasury notes
only tor a system of national currency. The people
are -satisfied with these, and only with these.
We want a currency which has for a basis nothing
less than the assets of the entire nation and the per-
petuity of our republican institutions, and in the
safety and perpetuity of which every individual in
the nation is personally interested.
miss sue murphy.
On motion of Mr. MAYNARD, the bill of
the Senate, No. 418, for the relief bf Miss Sue
Murphy, of Decatur, Alabama, was taken from
the table and referred to the Committee of
the Whole, and placed upon the Private Cal-
endar.
CALIFORNIA CENSUS MARSHALS, ETC.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am instructed by the
Comrpittee on Appropriations' to ask that' that
committee be'discharged from the further con-
sideration of a resolution referred to them, and
that the same be referred to the Committee of
Claims. The resolution was one directing the
Committee on Appropriations to inquire into
the expediency of making an appropriation for
the payment of census marshals for taking thfe
eighth census in California'of the amouiit or bal-
ance remaining due, $9,460 48; also, an appro-
priation for the payment of outstanding Cali-
fornia war bonds, $10,188 63.
The motion was agreed to.
pennsylvania district judge.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am also instructed by
the Committee on Appropriations to ask that
that committee be discharged from the further
consideration of a petition of members of the
Philadelphia bar, asking an increase of the
salary of the United States district judge for
the eastern district of Pennsylvania, and that
the same be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
mrs. ^ollvina fort.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Appropriations, to which was
referred the petition of Mrs. Glorvina Fort,
praying an appropriation to her of the sum of
$2,934 07, the amount awarded to her father
by the United States district court of New York
on June 26, 1793, for loss of the cargo of the
bri^ Catharine, captured by the French frigate
L'limibuseade, be discharged from the further
consideration of the same, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Mr. McCLURG asked and obtained leave of
absence for the remainder of the week for his
colleague, Mr. Benjamin.
sale or gold.
_Mr. STARR, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution, which was read,
considered, and agreed to: '
Resolved, That tho Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency be, and they are hereby, instructed to inquire
into tho expediency of prohibiting by law the sale of
gold by the Secretary of the Treasury of the United
States; and also by the national banks; and to report
by bill or otherwise.
taxation of national banks.
Mr. STARR also submitted the following
resolution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Banking and
Currency be, and they are hereby, instructed to in-
quiro into the expediency of exempting from State
or other local taxation that portion of the capital
of the national banks invested in United States
loans; and to report by bill or otherwise,
new mexico lincoln.
Mr. DARLING, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Territoriesbe
requested to inquire into the propriety of changing
the name of the Territory of New Mexico to that of
Lincoln; and to report by bill or otherwise.
message fbom the senate.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed House bill No. 598,
to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughput the United States, with amend-
ments, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrcuce of the House.
It also requested the return of House bill
No. 269, for the relief of certain officers of
volunteers, yesterday postponed indefinitely
in the Senate.
government of insurrectionary states.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 1143) to provide for the more
efficient government of the insurrectionary
States, on which Mr. Kelley was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, by leave of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kel-
ley,] I desire to make a statement to the Souse;
and after making that statement, to ask con-
gent that the amendments which I have offered
may be published in the Globe, together with
the bill reported by the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] so that
to-morrow members may be able to understand
exactly the effect of the amendments.
By an inadvertence the Public Printer in pub-
lishing my amendments has preceded it by the
words "srike out the parts within brackets,"
instead of saying ' • insert the parts within brack-
ets." All that is not included in brackets is
the original bill, word for word, as it was re-
ported from the committee by the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania. The portions
marked in brackets are what I wish to incorpo-
rate in the bill. In order that members may
fully understand the issue between the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania and myself I ask con-
sent of the House that my amendments, together
with the bill, be published in the Globe.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
that this error occurred in the public Printing
Office; that the document was correct as it was
sent from this House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I know that.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] together with the original bill,
will be published in the Globe.
Theft was no' objection.
The bill as proposed to be amended by Mr.
Bingham is as follows, the amendments being
included within brackets:
Whereas the pretended State governments of the lata
so-called confederate Statesof Virginia,North Caro-
lina, South Carolina, Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama,
Louisiana, Florida, Texas, and Arkansas, were set up
without the authority of Congress and without the
sanction of the people; and whereas said pretended
governments afford no adequate protection for life or
property, but countenance and encourage lawless-
ness and crime; and whereas it is necessary that peace
and good order should be enforced in said so-called
States until loyal and republican State governments
can be legally established; [whereas it is expedient
that the said States lately in insurrection should, at
the earliest day consistent with the future peace and
safety of the Union, be restored to full participation
in all political rights; and whereas the Congress did,
by joint resolution, propose for ratification to the
Legislatures of the several States, as an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States, an article in
the following words, to wit:
Sec. 1. All persons born or naturalized in the Uni-
ted States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of the United States and of the State wherein
they reside. No_ State shall make or enforce any law
which shall abridge^ the privileges or immunities
of citizens of the United States; nor shall any State
deprive any person of life, liberty, or property with-
out due process of law, nor deny to any person within
its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.
Sec.2. Representativesshall be apportioned among
the severalStates according to their respective num-
bers, counting the whole number of persons in each
State, excluding Indians not taxed. But when the
right to vote at a ny election tor tho choice of electors
fc>r President and Vice President of the United States,
Representatives in Congress, the executive and judi-
cial officers of a State, or tlie members of the Legis-
lature thereof, is denied to any of the male inhabit-
ants of such State, being twenty-one years of age
and citizens of the United States, or in any way
abridged, except for participation in rebellion or
other crime, the basis of representation therein shall
be reduced in the proportion which the number of
such male citizens shall bear to the whole number
of male citizens twenty-one years of age in such
State.
Sec. 3. Ino person shall be a Senator or Represent-
ative m Congress, or elector of President and Vice
President,_or hold any office, civil or military, under
tne united btates, or under any State, wlio, having
previously taken an oath as a member of Congress
or as an officer of the United States, or as a member-
^n^,^ate Legislature, or as an executive or judi-
cial olheer of any State, to support the Constitution
ot tne United States, shall have engaged in insurrec-
tion or• rebellion against the same, or given aid or
comtort to the enemies thereof. But Congress may,
