1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41S
man from Ohio [Mr. Delano] to withdraw the
report,
The SPEAKER. That can be done by unan-
imous consent, but the report having been
made by the authority of a committee, the
gentleman cannot withdraw it himself.
Mr. BLAINE, I hope no gentleman will
object to having the report withdrawn in order
that the House, at some future day—not just
now—may give it impartial consideration.
* No objection was made; and accordingly
leave was granted, and Mr. Delano withdrew
the report.
SURETIES OF JAMES T. POLLOCK.
Mr. DELANO also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do pass, bill of the House No. 840,
for the relief of the sureties of James T. Pol-
lock, the question being upon ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. DELANO. I ask that the bill be put
upon its passage now.
Mr. PR J CE. Is there any report aecom-
pMiying this bill ?
filr. DELANO. There is a report, but I
can perhaps state the principal facts more
briefly than the report.
Mr. PRICE, if the gentleman prefers to
make an oral statement of the facts rather than
have the report read I will not insist upon the
reading of the report. But I think we should
have some statement of the facts before we
are called upon to vote for a bill of this char-
acter.
Mr. DELANO. In 1837 this Pollock was
appointed receiver of the land office in Indiana,
and gave bond and surety with twenty-six sure-
ties. One year afterward he was discovered
to be a defaulter in the sum of §56,000. Imme-
diately afterward a distress warrant—accord-
ing to the practice at that time, as I understand :
—was issued for the collection of the amount \
of this defalcation and placed in the hands of j
Marshal Taylor, of Indiana. At the time the
warrant was placed in the hands of the mar-
shal Pollock was possessed of unincumbered
real estate of the value of $20,000. The mar-
shal holding this distress warrant neglected to
levy and proceed with the warrant until this
real estate of Pollock became incumbered by
subsequent judgments, which entirely consumed
it. Suit was then brought against the marshal
for non-feasance ; that suit was continued from
term to term until 1851. In 1850, by some
means, a bill was passed by Congress releasing
Marshal Taylor and his sureties from the lia- j
bility growing out of their non-feasanee in ex- j
ecuting the distress warrant against Pollock. |
So that the property of Pollock was gone in •
consequence of the neglect of the marshal of :
the General Government; and the Government ]
then stepped in and abandoned all its claims !
against Taylor, the marshal. Now, after alapse
of twenty years, and when all of the twenty-six
sureties of Pollock, except three, are either
dead or insolvent, the Government is proceed-
ing to collect the debt from the sureties.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will my colleague [Mr.
Delaxo] yield to me for a moment?
Mr. DELANO. 1 will.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to state that it
appears that in the case of a collector of cus-
toms at Petersburg, Virginia, there was a simi-
lar defalcation on the part of the collector, and
a voluntary release of the sureties upon his
bond. The Thirty-Sixth Congress, by an almost
unanimous vote, released the sureties under
circumstances similar to those just stated by
my colleague.
Mr. DELANO. It will be observed by those
who h'ave heard me that it was through the
non-feasance or malfeasance of an officer of
the Government that this debt was not col-
lected from the principal, who at the time had
sufficient property unincumbered to satisfy the
debt. And then the Government voluntarily
surrendered its claim against i^s officer who
was guilty of this neglect.
Mr. DRIGGS. Can the gentleman state how
long after tin: distress warrant was issued was
it before the property of Pollock became in-
cumbered ?
Mr. DELANO. Some eight months, I un-
derstand.
Mr. ROSS. I would like the gentleman to
inform the House how the original judgment
was released.
Mr. DELANO. There never was any judg-
ment in the case.
Mr. ROSS. There never was any judgment
in the case? How could you have a distress
warrant without a judgment?
Mr. DELANO. It was issued by the Treas-
ury Department, according to the practice at
that lime.
Mr. ROSS. I do not think there is anything
in this case to justify Congress in discharging
these sureties. They became responsible to
the Government, in default of the principal, to
pay the Government this amount. I think the
Government has made no statement to justify
the action asked of us. I do not think we
should set such a precedent at this time.
Mr. DELANO. I now call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; which was upon
ordering the bill to be engrosged and read a
third time.
Mr. ROSS. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a thirdtime; and being engrossed, it
was*aecordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
'by which the bill was passed; and also moved !
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ERNEST F. KLEINSCHMIDT.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Ernest
F. Kleinschmidt, of Cincinnati, Ohio: which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read at length, proposes
to authorize and direct the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Ernest P. Kleinschmidt. of
Cincinnati, Ohio, $1,250, to reimburse him for
money to that amount paid by him to the col-
lector of internal revenue for the second dis-
trict of Ohio, for four city lots in Cincinnati,
which were sold by the collector to Klein-
Schmidt for the payment of internal revenue
tax, which tax was subsequently declared by
the superior court of Cincinnati to have been
illegally assessed, and the sale of the lots to
have been null and void.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed aud
read the third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed : and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES IIOOPEH.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of James
Hooper, of Baltimore, Maryland; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read at length, proposes
to authorize and direct the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Hooper $l(i,000, to reim-
burse him for the destruction and loss at sea
of the bark General Berry while in the mili-
tary service of the Government, on the 9th of
July, 18f>4.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is there a report in this
case ?
The SPEAKER. There is.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to hear it
U The SPEAKER. It will be read.
The Clerk read the report.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, any claim
involving but a few hundred dollars, standing
upon its own peculiar facts, and having been
examined and reported upon by a committee
of this House, ought generally, in my opinion,
to be allowed to pass upon the judgment of tie
committee and the report which they make.
The amount of the present claim, however,
is considerable; and the character of the claim
is such as will make it a representative case
for what may be a very large class of claims.
As I understand the facts in brief, the owner
of this vessel undertook to convey from New
York to Portress Monroe a lot of hay and straw,
at the rate of $7 50 per ton; and a bill of
lading was signed in the usual form, with the
exception that if the vessel was sent up the
river from Fortress Monroe to unload, the war
risk, as it is called, was to be assumed by the
Government. It appears that this vessel was
lost by being overhauled by a rebel cruiser. I
did not understand from the report whether
the carrier was held responsible for the loss of
the cargo ; I presume he was not; nor did I
understand whether he bad been paid for the
carriage. If this fact is mentioned in the report
my ear failed to catch it. Whether that was
so or not I do not know that it would vary the
condition of the case.
The question involved in the case is, whether
a party employed as a common carrier, or in
any other service that might be called civil ser-
vice, or analogous to ordinary civil service in
time of peace, stands in any different legal
attitude from those who are employed by pri-
vate parties. The auditor who, under the law
of Congress, has examined this case, has de-
cided that a party who undertakes to carry for
the Government as a common carrier assumes
precisely the same risks and the same respon-
sibilities as a party carrying for private indi-
viduals. In this decision I think the auditor
was clearly right. To hold that the Govern-
ment is responsible for the loss of this vessel
would, so far as I can see, make the Govern-
ment liable for her loss in any other way—by
going down upon a shoal which was not laid
down on the charts, or by any other of the
thousand casualties to which this kind of ser-
vice is always liable.
It, is urged that the presence of the rebel
cruiser was not in this instance known. That
may be true ; but it was known that the sea was
thus infested 
Mr. DELANO. Allow me, as I understand
the morning hour is about to expire, to sa,j
there are some other matters the Committee of
Claims desire to get before the House, and if
this is going to lead to debate I hope the gen-
tleman will yield and let me move to refer the
bill to the Committee on the Private Calendar.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am not prepared to
vote for this bill.
Mr. DELANO. At the suggestion of my
friend from Maryland, [Mr. J. L. Thomas.]
who is interested in the question, I will, with
the consent of the House, withdraw the bill and
report aud take some other occasion to submit
them for action.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object, and move the
bill and accompanying report be referred to
the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar, and ordered to be printed.
Then we will have an opportunity to examine
into the mutter.
Mr. DELANO. I agree to that.
The motion was agreed to.
E. J. CCRLEY.
Mr. MeKEE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back Senate bill No. 433. for the relief
of E. J. Curley, with the recommendation that
it do pass.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay or cause to be paid E.J. Curley, out of
an}' money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated. the sum of 834,248 52, as eompensa-
tion in full for corn purchased of him by Cap-
tain E. B. \V. Reslieaux. assistant quarter-
master on the part of the Government.
Mr. ROSS. I make the point of order that
the bill makes an appropriation and must have
