414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
its«£rst consideration in the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar.
Mr. McKBB. -I should like to inquire
whether, this bill having once been in the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Cal-
endar, and taken therefr-om andreferred to the
Committee of Claims, the point of order is a
good one?
The SPEAKER.- . It isanappropriation bill.
Was it considered in the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar at this Congress ?
Mr. McKEE. At the last session it was
taken from the Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar on my motion, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER. The rule is, .the bill must
have its first consideration in the Committee of
Whole House on the Private Calendar. It
seems" it went to that committee, but by unani-
mous consent was taken from that committee
and referred to the Committee of Claims.^ It
has not had a consideration in the Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar
provided for in the rule.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, and
with the accompanying report ordered to be
printed.
margarette ann laurie.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported back Sen-
ate bill No. 441, for the' relief of Margarette
Ann Laurie, with the recommendation it do not
pass; and it was accordingly laid upon the
table.
adverse reports.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also
moved that the Committee of Claims be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
following cases, and that they do lie upon the
table:
Petition of J. W. Nye, assignee of Peter
Bargy and Hugh Stewart; and
Petition of George C. Hager, claiming pay-
ment for rent of blacksmith shop, &c.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the votes just taken ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The morning hour then expired.
murdell 01? united states soldiers.
Mr. PIKE. I ask, by unanimous consent,
that the order to print documents accompany-
ing the message of the President in reference to
the murder of soldiers in South Carolina be re-
scinded. They are voluminous, and the com-
imittee will be delayed in its action. When the
report is made, if necessary they can be grdered
to be printed.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
•young men's christian association.
Mr. KOONTZ, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill supplementary to joint resolu-
tion of June 28,1864, incorporating the Young
Men'sChristian Association ofthecity ofWash-
ington; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
george d. dousman.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of George D. Dous-
man, one of the securities for William H.
Bruce, late sub-Indian agent at Green Bay, in
the State of Wisconsin; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
enrolled joint resolution.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 151) appropriating money to de-
fray the expenses of the joint select committee
011 retrenchment; when the Speaker signed the
ocean brazilian steamers.
The SPEAKER laid before**the House a let-
ter from the Postmaster General, in reply to a
resolution of the House respecting the mail ser-
vice performed by the ocean Brazilian steamers;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
military road in dakota.
The SPEAKER also presented the memorial
of the Legislature of Dakota Territory, praying
for the establishment of a military road from
Elk Point to Sioux Falls, in said Territory;
which was referred to *he Committee on Mili-
tary affairs, and ordered to be printed.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. KASSON. I move the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole, on the state of the
Union on the legislative, &c., appropriation
bill.
Mr. DELANO. I move to go into Commit-
tee of the Whole House on the Private Cal-
endar.
The SPEAKER. The latter motion takes
Drscedencc.
Mr. DELANO. I will say to my friend that
I will move that the committee rise at the ex-
piration of an hour for the purpose of reaching
lis business.
Mr. KASSON. I dislike certainly to inter-
fere with the Private Calendar, but the appro-
priation bill has been pending a long time,, and
I would like to get through with it.
Mr. DELANO. What I propose is that we
spend an hour on the Private Calendar, and I
propose to consider only such bills as there is
no objection to.
Mr. KASSON. I suppose I ought to waive
my motion in view of the fact that the day is
assigned to private business, but I hope the
gentleman will allow the appropriation bill to
come in, if possible, a little earlier.
Mr. DELANO. I will, if possible.
Mr. KASSON. I then withdraw my motion.
Mr. DELANO. I ask that, by unanimous
consent, to-day be considered as "objection
day."
No objection being made it was so ordered.
private calendar.
The question was taken on the motion of
Mr. Delano ; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
a Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Bhoom-
all in the chair,) and proceeded to the consid-
eration of bills and joint resolutions on the
Private Calendar as on "objection day;"
which were disposed of as indicated below.
Those bills to which no objection was made
were laid aside to be reported to the House
with the recommendation that they do pass;
and such bills and resolutions as were objected
to retained their place upon the Calendar.
hiram paulding.
A bill (H. R. No. 457) for the relief of Hiram
Paulding, rear admiral United States^ Navy.
The bill, which was read, directs the auditing of
the accounts of Hiram Paulding while a cap-
tain in the United States Navy, covering his
expenditures in the entertainment of the for-
eign officers and people who visited the frigate
St. Lawrence, under his command, at South-
ampton, not exceeding the sum of $963 92;
and also his expenditures in entertaining the
officers of the Governments of Bremerhaven
and Stockholm in the years 1848, 1849, and
1850, not exceeding the sum of $2,690.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection?
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
objection comes too late.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I believe I
made it in time.
The CHAIRMAN. Did the gentleman rise
from his seat ?
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I did hot.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the bill will be
laid aside to be reported to the House.
corporation of washington.
A bill (H. R. No. 710) to pay and discharge
certain debts and expenditures to the corpora-
tion of the city of Washington.
Mr. DELANO. I think I must ask that this
bill be laid over.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio is understood as objecting.
tuller and fisher.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 175) to audi*
and pay the claim of Tuller & Fisher, of Mis-
souri. [Objected to by Mr. Benjamin.]
john r. beckley.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 174) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to audit and pay
the claim of John R. Beckley. [Objected to
by Mr. Allison.]
henry s. davis.
A bill (H. R. No. 820) for the relief of Henry
S. Davis. [Objected to by Mr. Washburne,
of Illinois.]
james pool.
A bill (H. R. No. 311) for the relief of James
Pool. [Objected to by Mr. Allison and Mr.
Ross.]
alexander f. pratt.
An act (S. No. 435) for the relief of Alex-
ander F. Pratt. [Objected to by Mr. Wash-
burne, of Illinois.]
.tosiah o. armes.
An act (S. No. 16) for the relief of Josiah
0. Armes. [Objected to by Mr. Ames.]
Mr. DELANO. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to withdraw his objection so as
to allow me to move to refer this bill to the
Committee of Claims. It has never been there.
Mr. WINDOM. I object. '
sufferers by portland fire.
An act (S. No. 428) for the relief of the
sufferers by the late fire in Portland. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. McKee.]
john t. jones.
A bill (S. No 122) for the relief of John T.
Jones, an Ottawa Indian, for depredations
committed by white persons upon his property
in Kansas Territory. [Objected to by Mr.
Thayer.]
mrs. abby green.
Joint resolution (S. No. 112) for the relief
of Mrs. Abby Green. [Objected to by Mr.
Allison.]
donahue, ryan and sec0r.
A joint resolution (S. R. 141) for the relief
of Donahue, Ryan & Secor, builders of the
iron-clad monitor Camanche. [Objected to by
Mr? Davis.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask if there is not a
report in that case ?
The CHAIRMAN. There is none upon the
table. .
Mr. MAYNARD. Has the joint resolution
ever been referred to a committee of this
House?
The CHAIRMAN. TheChairdoesnotknow.
Mr. MAYNARD. If it has not been and it
is proper I will move to recommend that the
Committee of the Whole House be discharged
from the consideration of this joint resolution,
and that it be reported to the House with the
recommendation that it be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in
order.
george w. lane
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 211) for the re-
lief of George W. Lane, superintendent of the
branch mintat Denver, Colorado, and Assistant
Treasurer of the United States. [Objected to
by Mr. Allison and Mr. Cobb.]
bolmer and weber.
A bill (H. R. No. 821) for the relief of Bol-
mer& Webes^pf St. Louis, Missouri. [Objected
to by Mr. Allison and Mr. Ancoxa.]
Mr. HOGAN. I, hope the gentlemen will
i withdraw their objection.
