1178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
Executives arc not at liberty to deny that they
are subservient to the will and orders of the
acting President of the United States. They
are not such republican governments as Con-
gress can recognize. They are known to Con-
gress and to the people to be the offspring of
executive usurpation and instruments of power
in the hands of a usurper, and must be declared
void and set aside.
But gentlemen cry, " That will produce
anarchy; we must not leave the people without
government and law." No such consequence
will ensue. When we brush away these foul
usurpations the law will arise that was in force
when Lee and Johnston surrendered. The
difficulty is that the false man upon whom
crime devolved the presidency will not execute
that law. He has given us his construction of
it, and we have the results before us. I shall
attempt to depict those results as I proceed,
though conscious that my poor effort will sadly
lack color and effect. It is important, there-
fore, that we embody that law, coming to us
as it does through the progress Of civilization
from its dawn to the close of the last war, in
statutory provisions, and hold him responsible,
under our power of impeachment, for the faith-
ful execution of every clause we enact.
Gentlemen will not deny that we have that
power if war still exists. The distinguished
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger,]
whose views on that point I accept, says that
we are not now engaged in war flagrante; that
it is war ccssante. And what is war cessante 1
It is when two armies rest under stipulations
of armistice or temporary treaty ; that no life
shall be taken and no position changed during
a given interval. Our condition is nominally
that of war cessante; but it is war flagrante on
the part of the rebellious people of the so-called
or pretended States, for they give neither
^justice nor safety to the friends of the Union.
They slay them by night and by day, sleeping
or waking ; giving to. quasi war horrors that
do not belong to it within entrenchments or on
tented field.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks,] defining our condition,said: "It was
not peace, it was not war; it was a state of
siege." Sir, I would like to know whether he
regards a state of siege as a condition of war
or peace ? Does he think the people of Leyden
and Utrecht heard the drowsy hum of peace
during the siege which they endured ; and that
the tender women and children who cowered
in caves during the siege of Vicksburg were
vexed by doubt as to whether peace or war
prevailed? Was Valdez in doubt on that point
when he demanded the surrender of Leyden,
and received from Dousa the reply that'' When
provisions failed the people of that city would
devour their left hand, reserving their right to
defend their liberty?" Sir, when the people of
that city, gathering arouhd the good burgomas-
ter Va.ndenwcrf, presented their wasted forms
and cried for bread, he know they were suffering
war's most agonizing horrors, and, like a true
soldier, replied: " Bread I have none ; but if
my death can afford you relief tear my body in
pieces and let those who are most hungry
devour it I"
Sir, when the gentleman said our condition
was that of a state of siege, he declared it to be
that most ruthless form of war which knows not
sex or age. What man in all Protestant Chris-
tendom has not thrilled at the horrors of war,
and at its glories, too; at the burst of pride
with which Walker welcomed those citizens
or Londonderry, who had searched his cellar
to find whether he had food- to sustain him in
uttering such brave words of resistance, and
came to tell him that there was nothing within
his premises for tho sustenance of wife or child
But who, sir, are the besieged; who are the
starvelings of this slate of siege which is not
war ' Who exist furtively upon the bleak
mountain side or bury themselves in the mias-
matic swamps? They are Union men, our
friends, the companions in arms of the soldiers
who, carrying our flag, broke the military power
of the rebellion, and who, if we will but pro-
tect them, will break its spirit and curb even
its proud leaders and make of them at least
passably good citizens. If there be a siege
they are its victims, and this bill will enable
their fellow-soldiers, those who stood beside
them in the battle-field, to restore them to their
homes and shield and protect them.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Le Blond,]
more logical by far than the gentleman from
Massachusetts, asserts that the old States still
exist, and says that we should not expect—
"That perfect peace would prevail throughout
those States as soon as the war ended. It was in the
nature of things there would be lawless conduct on
the part of many citizens."
But he also asserts that—
"The civil authorities there have been using the
power they have to keep down this lawlessness and
to punish men for the commission of offenses."
Sir, had the latter assertion been well
founded, the Thirty-Ninth Congress might pos-
sibly have adjourned without enacting such a
bill, and escaped the reproaches of our constit-
uents and the hissing curses of southern Union
men. War, while it calls forth the noblest
attributes of individuals and communities, is,
and must ever be, a great demoralizer. We
therefore do not hold the people of the South
responsible for individual acts of violence.
We have felt the demoralizing effects of the
late war all over the North. Crimes of unusual
magnitude and turpitude have been commit-
ted in almost every city of the North. But
the treatment of their perpetrators in con-
trast with that of murderers of Union men at
the South serves to distinguish between a state
of war and peace. This contrast shows that
in passing such a bill as this we will not be
legislating to meet individual cases of violence,
but .to restrain a community that is at war with
the Government and all who sustain the Gov-
ernment. At the North perpetrators of great
crimes have been pursued and brought to trial
and punishment. Their forms have graced the
gibbet and admonished those who would offend
in like degree that they are in a land of law.
But will gentlemen who deny the existence
of war tell me what one murderer of a Union
soldier has been brought to trial and punished
by the civil authorities of these pretended
States? The military arrested some few mur-
derers and tried and convicted them, but
through the machinations of Andrew Johnson,
the present leader of the rebellion, they have
been turned loose and have received the wel-
come of their fellow-citizens, "Well done,
good and faithful servant." Thus the crimes
of individuals are assumed by the communities
of which they are members, and in the crimes
and their assumption by the community we
find a reply to the question whether the gen-
tleman's state of siege be war or peace. Sir,
if the present condition of the Union men of
the South be peace, may God pity the most
courageous and hardy of those whose country
is at war! Let us in mercy assume that it is
not peace, but war, and arm the Union men
for their defense of home, family, and life.
The bloody barbarities of the rebel captors at
Port Pillow disgrace the annals of civilized
warfare; but atrocious as they were they are
exceeded by the horrors inflicted by the so-
called civil authorities of New Orleans upon
the unarmed members of the constitutional con-
vention and its friends gathered around it in
that city. And, sir, the loathsome details of
the sacking of Badajos are exceeded by the
atrocities reported to us by the committee to
inquire into what gentlemen on the other side
of the House mildly term the "Memphis
riots.. . Our abhorrence of the atrocities at
Badajos is mitigated by the fact mentioned by
Napier, that hundreds of soldiers attempted,
and many lost their lives in the attempt, to stay
the outrages. There is no mitigating fact of
that kind in the report of the '' Memphis riots''
committee.
, The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] has
given us a picture of the condition of the
f/nion men, soldiers and citizens, white and
black, of South Carolina; and the report of
the committee of which he is chairman con-
tains, I am told, much more than we have yet
heard. I beg leave to turn to the State of
North Carolina for a few illustrations of their
condition throughout the South generally. I
select it, not because I regard North Carolina
as the worst of these so-called States, but be-
cause, with the single exception perhaps Flor-
ida, a Union man is as safe in North Carolina
as elsewhere in the insurrectionary district.
I remember, sir, that more than a year
ago three friends of mine from New England,
one of whom must be known to gentlemen
from Massachusetts—Mr. Thomas Drew, of
Boston, formerly editor of the^Massachusetts
Plowman—returned to this city from North
Carolina. They had gone thither to invest
capital in renting or purchasing a plantation.
They proposed to carry capital, seeds, and im-
plements and New England culture and thrift
to tjie people of that State and to settle among
them. But they had made no settlement.
They were returning to cold and sterile Massa-
chusetts. Do gentlemen ask why? It was
because when they were about making a con-
tract of lease or purchase for a property one
Roddick Carney and his father had notified
the owner of the property that if he rented to
the "Yankees" they would burn his dwelling and
outbuildings, and with the same frank amia-
bility notified my friends that if they purchased
every freedman they employed or "Yankee"
they brought there to work should be mur-
dered. "But did you believe them?" said
I. " Oh, yes," said Mr. Drew, " for Roddick
Carney had but a pw days before, as he said
for fun, shot two negro boys to show how good
a marksman he was."
Some, few weeks ago a discreet and coura-
geous friend from another quarter of the coun-
try was going into the same State, and I begged
him to let me hear his views of the condition
of the people. . I received a lengthy commu-
nication from him last Saturday. I will offer
some extracts from his interesting letter, from
which it appears that Roddick Carney would
probably have executed his threats had my
friends persisted in their patriotic and philaj'
thropic enterprise. The writer says :
" Some fourteen months since one Roddick Carney
with a few friends committed a number of outrages
upon the loyal citizens of Beaufort and Pitt counties,
and in mere wantonness shot and killed two negro
boys. The civil authorities, neglecting or refusing to
take any measures to arrest and punish these murder-
ers, a lieutenant with a squad of men was sent to
arrest them. While they were endeavoring to arrest
him Carney shot and killed the lieutenant. Another
unsuccessful attempt to arrest him was made by ftie
military, and he is now living undisturbed in Beau-
fort county.
"This murderer, Carney, has in his possession a col-
ored boy, named Joseph Wiggins, the son of a respect-
able negro man, and he refuses to give him up. The
civil authorities profess that they are afraid to arrest
him or have anything to do with Carney for the relief
of the enslaved negro."
Fourteen months ago this man Roddick
Carney perpetrated two unprovoked murders.
Nearly fourteen months since he murdered a
lieutenant of your Army engaged in the per-
formance of duty; and if the civil authorities
are discharging their duties, and if there be
peace there, why in the name of law and justice
is he living unmolested and respected in the
community in which he dwells ?
But let me read another extract from this
same communication:
"Near Hillsborough, in Orange county,in Novem-
ber of 186S, a freedman who had raised a small quantity
of corn invited a few of his friends to assist Jiim in
shucking it. In the evening while the party were
singing and dancing, a rebel named C heard
them, armed himself with a gun, went to the frecd-
man's house, and with oaths and curses demanded to
know what they were doing. The freedmen, fright-
ened, attempted to escape, when he deliberately shot
one of their number, killing him almost instantly
The coroner s jury returned a verdict of ' aceidentai
homicide, and there the matter rests."
Do not these statements portray a capital
state of peace?
My informant is a cool, courageous, business
man, a man of veracity, upon whose statement
and judgment I confidently rely. He indicates
the reason for these crimes and this impunity
in a brief passage, as follows:
It must be understood that four fifths of the white
