1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
Mr. ALLISON. No, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is there a report in this
case ? If there is I ask that it be read and there
may then be no objection to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill is objected to.
Mr. ANCONA. I desire to withdraw my
objection to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] also objected.
Mr. SPALDING. I renew the objection.
timothy i/eyden.
A bill (H. R. No. 822) for the relief of Tim-
othy Leaden.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to Timothy Ley-
den, of Parkersburg, West Virginia, (who was
a teamster employed by Captain H. D. Patton,
assistant quartermaster of volunteers, on the
1st day of May, 1864, at Martinsburg, and was
captured on the 2d day of May following by the
enemy, while with his team on duty near Win-
chester, and was imprisoned until the 15th day
of December following, and was confined in
hospital from diseases contracted in prison
until the 2d day of March, 1865, and whose
service was never paid nor reported to the
Quartermaster General by said assistant quar-
termaster,) the sum of ยง302 in full for such
service, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
No objection being made, the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House.
johnson a. dawson.
A bill (H. R. No. 823) for the relief of John-
son A. Dawson, of Mount Sterling, Kentucky.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, for the faithful service
performed in time of war by Johnson A. Daw-
son, of Mount Sterling, Kentucky, contractor
on mail route No. 9556, between Mount Ster-
ling and Stanton, Kentucky, to pay to -said
Johnson A. Dawson the sum of ยง300 in full
for all extra allowances for such service.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask that the report
accompanying the bill be read.
The report was read. It states that the
petitioner, on the 1st of July, 1862, contracted
to carry the mail on horseback on route No.
9556, from Mount Sterling to Stanton, Ken-
tucky, twenty-fij-e miles, twice a week, for
$18G per annum, or $1 78 per round trip of
fifty miles. The petitioner executed his con-
tract faithfully for the. term of three years
under the most discouraging circumstances.
During the said term the prices of forage and
subsistence advanced on the route at least one
hundred per cent., rendering it doubly expen-
sive for this humble contractor, whose only
ambition seemed to be to gain a frugal liveli-
hood by his personal service. The route was
nearly abandoned as a thoroughfare of public
travel, the roads in the winter season becom-
ing nearly impassable and infested by rebel
guerrillas and robbers, by whom petitioner was
robbed of his clothing, arms, horse and equip?
age, but succeeded, however, in concealing
the mail and in delivering it according to con-
tract. It is in evidence that while he was fre-
quently waylaid and attacked by rebels he pur-
sued his route in the night-time if there was
danger of being captured by day, and that the
mail never failed. The petitioner, in view of
his losses and sacrifices, asks an appropriation
of $100 per annum additional to his contract
price.
The committee have seriously considered
the facts and circumstances presented in this
memorial, and in view of his devotion to his
country, and of the faithful services rendered,
though in an humble capacity, under adverse
and dangerous circumstances, by the peti-
tioner, recommend the relief prayed for, and
therefore report the accompanying bill.
No objection being made, the "bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House.
edward blanchard.
A joint rcsolution_(H. R. No. 824) for the
adjustment of the claim of Edward Blancliard,
executor of Captain Evan M. Buchanon.
The joint resolution was read. It author-
izes the proper accounting officer to settle the
account of Captain Evan M. Buchanon, and
to allow a credit to his estate on said settle-
ment, for money and vouchers taken from him
at the time of his murder, not to exceed
$400 36.
Mr. ROSS. I ask that the report accom-
panying the joint resolution he read.
The report was read. It states that on Sep-
tember 28,1864, said Evan M. Buchanon, then
on duty and duly commissioned a commissary
of subsistence in the Army near Winchester,
Virginia, was captured by the rebel guerrilla
Mosby and brutally rrftrdered after surrender;
that at the time he had on his person money
belonging to the Government and vouchers for
money expended, amounting to $400 89, which
was taken by the guerrillas. His administrator
prays that said amount be credited to said Cap-
tain Buchanon on settlement of his account;
and your committee deeming the claim just
and proper therefore report back the accom-
panying joint resolution, and recommend its
passage.
No objection being made, the joint resolu-
tion was laid aside to be reported to the House.
henry rudd.
A bill (H. R. No. 825) for the relief of Henry
Rudd, of Henry county, Iowa.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Sectetary of the Treasury to pay to Henry
Rudd, of Henry county, Iowa, the sum of
$9,150 out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, in full for all losses
and compensation to said Henry Rudd for
horses purchased and delivered under a con-
tract with the Government.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the reading of
the report.
The report was read. It states that on the
3d of Februar/, 1864, Captain James A. Ekin,
chief quartermaster of the Cavalry Bureau and
assistant quartermaster of the United States
Army, on behalf of the United States, con-
tracted in writing with petitioner for the deliv-
ery at Fort Des Moines, Iowa, to the United
States Government, of five hundred head of
cavalry horses, at an average price of $126 TO
per head. Said horses were "'to be sound in
all particulars; not less than five nor more
than nine years of age ; from fifteen to six-
teen hands high; bridle-wise, and of size suf-
ficient for cavalry purposes ; compactly built;
in good flesh, and free from all defects." It
was further agreed that said horses, upon de-
livery at the Government stables in Des Moines,
should "be examined and inspected without
unnecessary delay by a person or persons ap-
pointed by the United States; and after such
inspector shall have certified that they are in
all respects as contracted for, and fully equal
to the specifications aforesaid, they shall be
received and become the property of the Uni-
ted States; and all such horses as may be
condemned and rejected by said inspector shall
be removed from the Government stably within
one day after the contractor had been notified j
of the rejection." It was further agreed that j
petitioner should be paid by the U"nited States
at the officc of the quartermaster of the United
States Army, at Washington city, District of
Columbia, as follows: $124 for each and every
horse of the first two hundred delivered; $128
dollars for each and every horse of the second
two hundred delivered, and $129 50 for each
and every horse of the last one hundred so
delivered, making an average as above stated.
This contract was executed in Washington,
District of Columbia, about fifteen hundred
miles from the place where it was to be ful-
filled. The petitioner proceeded at once to
Iowa, where he associated with himself J. P.
Johnson and Robert Carter, of Henry count}',
Io^a, for the -purchase and delivery of said
horses, and for the more speedy and certain
fulfillment of said contract. Ou the 17th of
February following they had over two hundred
and fifty head of the specified quality of horses
at Fort Des Moines, Iowa, ready for delivery
and inspection, but the Government had neither
stables nor other means of receiving and dis-
posing of said horses as specified in said con-
tract, and the petitioner was compelled to keep
them at an expense of fifty cents per head per
day for forty days, or until the 28th of March
following, when, for the first time the Govern-
ment was prepared to receive and inspect
them in pursuance of said contract. On the
5th of February, 1864, but two days following
the execution of said contract, the Cavalry
Bureau, by order of the Secretary of' War,
issued a circular of " instructions for inspect-
ors of cavalry horses," prescribing rules and
requirements for inspectors entirely different
from and more stringent than those which pre-
vailed at the time of the execution of said
contract, many of which were in absolute con-
flict with its express terms. By these new
instructions the senior inspector was required
"to cause the horses furnished under each
contract to be placed in the inspection yard at
least twenty-fourhours before inspecting them.
Horses that are rejected for being under age,
in poor condition, or temporarily injured by
transportation or otherwise, shall be lightly
branded on the front part of the fore hoof,
near the coronet, with the letter 'R.'. When
horses are doubtful before branding they may
be kept three or four days under guard, at the
expense of the contractor, be again originally
examined, and then finally disposed of in ac-
cordance with the foregoing rules. Horses
will be fed at the expense of contractors till
they have been branded and accepted."
The report further states that the committee
find that the petitioner had no knowledge of
these new instructions until they had presented
the said two hundred and fifty head of horses
for inspection on the 17tli day of February,
1S64. That so soon as he became aware of
their nature and extent, and of the new terms
thereby imposed upon his contract, he imme-
diately proceeded to Washington aud made
application to the War Department, through
Captain Ekin aforesaid, that said contract be
annulled, and that he be released from the
delivery of said horses; but Captain Ekin, on
the part of the Government, utterly refused,
reminding him that the Secretary of War had
is=nod an order for the arrest and imprison-
ment of contractors refusing to comply with
contracts, and at the same time assuring htm
that the rules would be changed, and that the
Government would idemnify him for all losses
sustained by a compliance with the contract.
Hon. James Harlan, then United States Sen-
ator for the State of Iowa, was consulted with
the officers of the Government on this occa-
sion, and as the friend ofthe contractor, advised
him to deliver the horses, as the Government
was in much need of them, relying upon Con-
gress for idemnity for his necessary and reason-
able losses. This advice was likewise given by
the Governor and adjutant general of the State
of Iowa. Under these circumstances the peti-
tioner and his said associates proceeded with
the purchase and delivery of said liorses and
the fulfillment of said contract; but soon there-
after. and before the purchase of the remain-
ing two hundred and fifty head, the Govern-
ment. by its agents, entered directly into the
open market for the purchase of horses, estab-
lishing depots for that purpose throughout the
Northwest; raising the price paid for horses at
these depots from $140 to $150 for cavalry
horses, and as high as $160 for artillery horses.
This change of price, on the part of the Gov-
ernment, prior to the time of the purchase and
delivery of the horses under petitioner's con-
tract, while it would seem to be a motive for
annulling the contract, or for modifying or
releasing the petitioner from the strict terms
and provisions of the contract, raised the price
of horses to the maximum throughout the
northwestern country, and particularly the
State of Iowa, compelling the petitioner^ to
purchase the remaining two hundred and fifty
horses at those figures. For these untoward
events no blame can attach to the petitioner.
He eomnlied with his contract, though at. a
