416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
considerable logs,, resulting, it would appear,
from the immediate action of the Government,
which no protest could avert, and no fore-
thought could provide against. The Govern-
ment h,as paid him the contract price only of
$126 70 per head, while the others it paid from
$140 to $150 for the same quality of fiorses.
The petitioner claims ,8, less of $17,000 under
the contract, and there is reason to believe
that it approximates to that amount; yet it
appears that many of the items of this loss
might be excluded- in a judicial adjudication of
the claim.- The committee, in arriving at what
to them appears an equitable allowance of the
claim, are of opinion that, from the date of
the "circular of instructions" to cavalry in-
spectors, the 5th of February, 1864, the said
contract should be regarded as void, and that
the petitioner should be released from its pro-
visions ; that the petitioner should be paid for
the horses delivered on said contract an aver-
age price per head of that paid at the same
time and in the vicinage by the Government
to others for the like quality of horses. The
committee find this average price to be $145
per head, and the amount that petitioner is
justly entitled to should be the difference be-
tween the amount already paid him on the
contract and the amount of five hundred head
of horses at $145 per head, which is...$72,500
Deduct five hundred head at $126 70.. 63,350
Amount due petitioner.,
',150
For which amount the committee report the
accompanying bill and recommend its passage.
Mr. MAYNARD. It seems to me that this
is a proper case to go before the Court of
Claims. Would a motion to that effect be in
order?
The CHAIRMAN. It would not.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I must object to
the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I hope the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] will
withdraw his objection until some explanation
can be made of it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have no objection to
hear any explanation that can be made."
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Washburn] I believe is
familiar with this case, having had charge of it
in committee. I am satisfied that he can make
such a statement as will lead the Committee
of the Whole to allow this bill to be laid aside
and reported to the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Mr. Chair-
man, this case originated under a certain con-
tract, or rather certain contracts, entered into
by parties with the Government for the delivery
#f about eleven thousand horses by different
parties. The larger part of the contractors,
owing to a rule which was established by the
Department after the contracts were entered
into, refused to deliver the horses. This man
came here from Iowa, and under the instruction
of the quartermaster and of the Senator from
his State, -as well as of other parties, went on
and delivered the horses in pursuance of his
contract. The other contractors, upon an ap-
peal to the Judge Advocate General, obtained
adecision as to the point in controversy, releas-
ing the binding force of the contracts. That
decision is as follows:
"Whore, after a contract for horses had been for-
mally entered into, a circular was issued by the Cav-
alry Bureau requiring horses offered for inspection
to be detained twenty-four hours at the expense of
-the owner, and then, if not accepted, to be branded
*K' for 'rejected'—held that this circular introduced
new conditions, and conditions contrary to law, into
the agreement; and as it was thereafter almostimpos-
sible to obtain the same supply of horses as before,
practically prevented the performance of the agree-
ment on the part of tjie contractor; that branding in
the manner proposes by the new circularwould have
subjected those who engaged in it to an action at law;
and that the Government could notforce acontractor
to deliver up his property to be subjected to.a wrong."
The Committee of Claims found that out
of the eleven thousand horses contracted for
only six hundred were delivered—five hundred
by the party hero claiming compensation. He
went on and executed his contract at a large
expense to himself, relying upon the promises
made here that he would be indemnified. -He
claims that he expended more money than this
bill proposes to pay him. The committee
inquired whether he had any other contract,
for horses, and found that this was the only
contract in which he had ever engaged. He
faithfully delivered the horses, fulfilling his
fconciact in every particular/ He furnished
the horses below the market price, while the
other contractors, refusing to carry out their
original contracts, obtained high prices for the
horses which they furnished.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, honest con-
tractors were so very rare during the war that I
believe I will make an exception of this case
and withdraw my objection.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
norman j. hall.
A bill (H. R. No. 483) for the relief of Nor-
man J. Hall.
The bill was read. It provides that in settling
with the Treasury of the United States the
accounts of Lieutenant Norman J. Hall, first
United States artillery, acting assistant com-
missary of subsistence, and assistant quarter-
master at Fort Sumter, South Carolina, there
shall be allowed to Hall the sum of $965 72,
on account of the loss of money and of vouchers
for money paid, the amount being public funds
and vouchers in his hands, destroyed by the
blowing up of a magazine at Fort Sumter,
South Carolina, during the bombardment of
that fort by the rebels in the month of April,
1861; the loss being without neglect or fault
on the part of Hall.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the reading of
the report.
The Clerk read the report. It states that
the claimant was, in the month of April, 1861,
first lieutenant of the first regiment United
States artillery, stationed at Fort Sumter, in
the harbor of Charleston, South Carolina, and
was on duty at that fort by order of Major
Robert Anderson, commanding there at the
time of the bombardment and reduction of the
same, as acting assistant quartermaster and
commissary of subsistence of Major Anderson's
command; that at the time and during the
bombardment claimant had in his possession
$774 02 public money of the United States,
which he had previously drawn from the Assist-
ant Treasurer of the United States at Charles-
ton, by the direction of Hon. John A. Dix,
then late Secretary of the Treasury of the
United States, and also vouchers for the ex-
penditure of $191 70, as acting assistant com-
missary as aforesaid, which money and vouchers
were placed and kept together in a box for
that purpose in the fort, and which box, with
money and vouchers, on the 12th or 13th of
April, 1861, were destroyed or burnt up and
wholly lost by the fire of the enemy and the
explosion of a service magazine in said fort,
without the fault or neglect of the claimant.
These facts, the committee state, are suffi-
ciently established by the evidence of Major
Generals Dix and Anderson, and, in the opinion
of the committee, entitle the claimant to the
relief sought for by the introduction of this bill.
The committee, therefore, recommend that
the Secretary of the Treasury and the proper
officers of that Department be directed to credit
the claimant, in the settlement of his accounts,
with the gross amount of $965 72, for public
money and vouchers so lost and destroyed as
aforesaid, and to this end recommend the pas-
sage of the bill.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House.
goldsmith brothers.
A bill (S. No. 192) for the relief of Gold-
smith Brothers, of the cities of San Francisco,
California, and Portland, Oregon, broklrs.
[Objected to by Mr. Maynard.]
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, announced that the Sen-
ate had_ passed a joint resolution (S. No. 156)
to provide for the removal of the wreck of the
steamship Scotland; in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
purchase of property.
A bill (H. R. No. 666) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to purchase certain property for
military purpose. [Objected to by Mr. Ross
and Mr. Henderson.]
accident insurance company.
A bill (S. No. 290) to incorporate the Na-
tional Life and Accident Insurance^Company
of the District of Columbia. [Objected to by
Mr. Wentworth.]
Mr. KASSON moved that the committee
rise and report the bills which were laid aside.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and Mr.
Broomall reported that the Committee of the
Whole House, according to order, had the
Private Calendar under consideration, and had
directed him to report the following bills to the
House, with the recommendation that they do
A bill (H. R. No. 457) for the relief of
Hiram Paulding, rear admiral United States
Navy;
A bill (H. R. No. 822) for the relief of Tim-
othy Leyden;
A bill (H. R. No. 823) for the relief of
Johnson A. Dawson, of Mount Sterling, Ken-
tucky ;
A bill (H. R. No. 824) for the relief of Ed-
ward Blanchard;
A bill (H. R. No. 825) for the relief of
Henry Rudd, of Henry county, Iowa; and
A bill (H. R. No. 483) for the relief of Nor-
man Hall.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the bills will be considered in gross.
There was no objection.
The bills were ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, they
were accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
amendments of this rules.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a privileged question. The Committee on the
Rules have directed me to report an amend-
ment to the 51st Rule, merely for the pur-
pose of facilitating the transaction of business
on Mondays by curing the source of delay and
trouble.
I move to amend the 51st Rule by striking
out all that part of it which provides for a call
of committees for bills, to be referred to the
Committee of the Whole, during the morning
hour on alternate Mondays; and amend the
130th Rule by providing that the States and
 Territories shall be called during the morning
hour on every Monday, first for bills for leave
to be referred without debate to tlieir appro-
priate committees, not to be brought back into
the House by a motion to reconsider; and
that on said call joint resolutions of State and
territorial Legislatures for printing and refer-
ence may be introduced.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am also
directed by the Committee on the Rules to
report a concurrent resolution looking to the
establishment of a joint committee on public
buildings and grounds. The matter was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Rules, and they
have determined, in view of the great import-
ance of such a committee in reference to the
extension of the Capitol grounds, &c., it was
best to make the committee a joint one.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the fol-
lowing be added to the joint rules of the two Houses,
namely:
Bulk—. There shall be a Joint Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, to consistof fiveuiembers
on the part of tho Senato and soven members on the
part of the Houso, whose duty it shall be to consider
