1180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
simple one. A State consists of territory, peo-
ple, and political organism. The territory of
Texas belongs to the United States; the terri-
tory of Louisiana and of Florida belongs to the
United States. It was &U acquired by pur-
chase. We paid for them out of the common
Treasury. Florida we bought of Spain, Louis-
iana of France, auci Texas we bought with the
gold and blood of a war with Mexico. The soil
belongs to the United States, and the people
■^ho are on it owe their allegiance to the Gov-
ernment which exists in conformity to the
Constitution of the United States, which has
been decreed to be the supreme law of the
land.
The territory could be taken from us but by
successful war. Passing by the right of con-
quest, the allegiance of the people might be
transferred with the soil. But those who at-
tempted to transfer this territory, to a foreign
confederacy failed. The soil belongs to our
country and tlie allegiance of the people is due
to our Government. In so far they are still in
the Union.
But there was, as I have said, another thing
that entered into the organization of a State.
Over the soil and over the people was a thing
known as a Constitution; in one instance of
Texas, in another of Louisiana, and in a third
of Florida. Those constitutions contained lig-
aments binding them to the Union. The fourth
and sixth articles of the Constitution of .the
United States show how States are bound to the
Union and interwoven with each other. We
are to surrender fugitives from justice, and pub-
lic acts, records, and judicial proceedings of
each State are to be accredited in all others.
There are many provisions by which the States
are bound together in a Union. They have
direct relations to the Union through the courts,
the custom-houses, the postal system, and in
divers other ways.
The insurgent States were overthrown, and
if they were not out of the Union, to borrow
a figure from that distinguished son of Mary-
land, Fred. Douglass, they had got the Union
pretty thoroughly out of them. There were
within the limits no United States courts, the
judges of their courts took no oath to support
the Constitution of the United States as it
provides, 110 United States laws were in force
there, and judgments in favor of our fellow-
citizens were of no effect. Fugitives from our
justice, after poisoning our wells and dissem-
inating disease among us, flew among them,
and our indictments against them were not
recognized by any of their Governors.
There were no States then known or related
to the Union, nor are there any there now.
The territory is ours, and the rebellious people
having been conquered by our armies are sub-
ject to our control. We are bound to guaranty
them a republican form of government. There
are no States there, and if we would execute
the law which this House adopted to-day we
must pass this bill providing for a military
government over them, so that our Army may
give safety to the agents designated by that
bill, to those who through the long period of
the war cherished a love for the Union, when
they dared not avow it, and to those who,
loving the Union, followed its flag and periled
their lives on bloody fields in its behalf.
Sir, this was in accordance with the views of
Abraham Lincoln. General Weitzel made an
arrangement by which the members of the Vir-
ginia Legislature were to meet at Richmond,
and got Mr. Lincoln's consent to their visiting
that city. Butwhen it came to the President's
ears that they were not to go there as private
citizens but as legislators he canceled his order
and prohibited the assemblage. It was the
view of Andrew Johnson, expressed in mv
hearing and 111 a conversation in which I par-
ticipated, to General Gantt, of Arkansas. He
then rejoiced that eight months must elapse
before Congress was to come together, as
during that time it ivould be his duty simply to
secure peace and order through the military
power to the people of that broad district then
embracing Tennessee, and that during those
eight months, while they would have no civil
government, they would ascertain the end and
true foundation of government and come to
understand the people of the North : while
the people of the North would come to know
them better, and we would all be better able
to estimate tlie capacity of the negro for free-
dom and our duty to him.
This was immediately after Wilkes Booth
had invested him with the presidential office,
before he had yet entered the Presidential
Mansion as an occupant, and while he was yet
the guest of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hooper] a.nd holding executive levees
m the Treasury building. Then, if his words
might be believed, he had no thought save tha^
the Government having crushed the armies of
a powerful belligerent, it was his duty as its
executive head and Commander-in-Chief to
hold the territory until the law-making or
treaty-making power could exercise its func-
tions and determine what should be the future
condition of the conquered territory.
It continued to be his view until a later day.
When General Sherman made his ill-advised
peace with General Johnston he rcannounced
it. On the 22d of April, the day on which tie
terms of that arrangement were brought to the
President, he, after consulting his Cabinet, set
the agreement aside, assigning nine reasons
therefor. Those reasons were utterly inconsist-
ent with the idea that there were or could be
States in that territory until the law-making
power, which is Congress, should have exer-
cised its functions. Some of those reasons are
as follows:
"3. It undertook to reestablish the rebel State gov-
ernments that had been overthrown at the sacrifice
of laany thousand loyal lives and immense treasure,
and placed the arms and munitions of war in the
hands of the rebols at their respective capitals, which
might De used as soon as the armies of the United
States wore disbanded, and used to conquer and sub-
duo the loyal States.
"4. liy the restoration of rebel authority in their
respective States they would be enabled to reestab-
lish slavery." ********
"9. It formed no basis of true and lasting peace,
but relieved the rebels from the pressure of our vic-
tories and left them in condition to renew their efforts
to overthrow the United States Government and sub-
duo the loyal States whenever their strength was re-
cruited and any opportunity should offer.
Mr. Speaker, I might add to these the clause
in the proclamation establishing the so-called
civil governments in North Carolina, in which
he declared that all civil government had been
overthrown by the violent revolutionary force
of the people. But, sir, my hour is almost
spent, and I must hasten to a conclusion. And
in doing so I ask gentlemen not to regard this
as a measure of reconstruction, but as a meas-
ure essential to the execution of the bill we
passed to-day, and of similar bills* for other
parts of the insurrectionary district. I appeal
to them by the adoption of this bill, pure and
simple as it came to us, with the sanction of
the committee of fifteen, to give security to
every Union man in the South or avenge his
wrongs, and to allow those who now are held
in constrained hostility to the Government of
their fathers to avow a desire for peace at the
end of a long and disastrous war. Not alone
do I make this appeal; from thousands of
graves come ghostly voices chiding us with
having invoked men to our aid and then
shamelessly and pitilessly handing them over
to the unrestrained malice of revengeful ene-
mies whom they had aided us to conquer. The
widow and the orphan cry to us not to disgrace
their country and the Thirty-Ninth Congress
by leaving them unprotected in communities
which exult in the fact that it has taken the
lives of their husbands and fathers for their
devotion to our country and cause.
The passage of this bill or its equivalent is
required by the manhood of this Congress to
save it from the hissing scorn and reproach
of every southern man who has been com-
pelled to seek a home in the by-ways of the
North, from every homeless widow and orphan
of a Union soldier in the South who should
have been protected by the Government, and
who despite widowhood or orphanage would
have exulted in the power of our country had
it not been for the treachery of Andrew John-
son. In God's name, men of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, do not interweave your names igno-
njiniously with his by betraying the Union men
of the South and surrendering nearly one half
of the country to rebels whose power your
armies crushed.
Mr. ALLISON obtained the floor.
messagje from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that that body had
passed without amendment bills of the follow-
ing titles:
An act (H. R. No. 840) for the relief of
James Pollock, late receiver at Crawfordsville,
Indiana; and
An act (H. R. No. 813) for the relief of
Rufus C. Spalding, paymaster in the United
States Navy.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a joint resolution (S. R. No.
160) for the relief of Dempsey Reece, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
relies or volunteer officers.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the Senate:
In the Senate op the Unitep States,
February 12,1867.
Ordered, That the Secretary be directed to request
the House of Representatives to return to the Senate
the joint resolution No. 269, for the relief of certain
officers of volunteers, yesterday postponed indefi-
nitely by the Senate and returned to the House.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
this bill will be returned to the Senate as re-
quested.
There was no objection.
government of insurrectionary states.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, I have agreed
to yield twenty minutes of my time to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,] and
will do so now.
Mr. MAYNARD addressed the House. [His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, when the
question of the reorganization of these States,
known as House bill No. 543, was under consid-
eration a few days ago in this House, 1 voted
with the distinguished gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] who at the last ses-
sion reported the bill from the Reconstruction
Gommittee, in favor of seconding the previous
question and against'the reference of the bill
to the joint committee upon that subject, for
the reason that I believed it to be the duty of
this Congress at the present session to present
to the country some plan whereby the insur-
rectionary States could be restored upon the
basis of loyalty to this Government. We have
been told that that bill, by its reference to the
committee, has been consigned to " the tomb
of the.Capulets." Therefore, Mr. Speaker, [
rejoice that this day there is another bill affect-
ing^ temporarily- at least, this question of reor-
ganization. For one, I am in favor of this
bill, either as reported by the committee or
with any reasonable modification that may be
made to it in this House securing the adoption
of a general plan of reorganization upon the
basis of loyalty and justice.
There is, in my judgment, necessity for im-
mediate action on this general question; and I
think the action of the House to-day has shown
manifest progress. By our legislation to-day
we have declared to the country and to the peo-
ple of these ten States that the legislative iody
of this nation, representing its sovereignty,
repudiates and ignores the action of the
President of the United States in establishing
governments for those ten States. We have de-
clared by our action to-day that this Congress
has supreme control over this question; and
we have brushed away by a single vote the ques-
tion whether or not these are States within the
meaning of the Constitution and entitled to any
or all of the privileges and rights of a State.
We have taken full and complete control of
the State of Louisiana by the bill passed to-
day, and. decided that Louisiana can exercise
no functions whatever except as authorized by
