1856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
A joint resolution (H. B. No. 290) author-
izing the Secretary of the Navy to grant the
use of guns for the trial of Ridgway's battery.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1184) making appro-
priations for the construction, preservation,
and repair of certain fortifications and other
works of defense for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1868, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
compound-interest notes.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 628 relative to courts-martial in the
Army. It will not take a moment to pass it;
or I am willing to leave it as the unfinished
business, if Senators want to take a recess
now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We want to take up
another bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to take up the
compound-interest note bill.
Mr. WILSON. It will not take ten minutes
to dispose of this.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me get up the com-
pound-interest note bill, and then I will give
way to the Senator.
Mr. WILSON. Very well.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1220 to provide ways and means for the
payment of compound-interest notes, so that
it may be the unfinished business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the Chair.) It will be taken to be
the pleasure of the Senate to proceed to the
consideration of that bill if there be no objec-
tion. The bill will be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is hardly worth
while to take up that bill in the five minutes
that are left us before the time fixed for the
recess. ' t
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply want to leave
it as the unfinished business for this evening.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well. Imovethen
that the Senate take a recess until half past
seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
accordingly (at four o'clock and forty-one min-
utes) took a recess until seven and a half o' clock
p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half-past seven
o'clock p. m.
reports of committees.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 254) for the relief of Almanson Eaton,
receiver of public money for the laud office at
Stephens's Point, Wisconsin, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1173) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1868, and for other purposes,
reported it with amendments.
monuments to deceased senators. '
Mr. POLAND. Several days ago I intro-
duced a resolution directing the Sergeant-at-
Arms to have monuments erected in the Con-
gressional Cemetery in memory of the Senators
who have died since the 4th of July, 1861. I
introduced this resolution at the instance of
our Sergeant-at-Arms. Since 1861, some eight
or ten Senators have died'and no monuments
have been erected to their memory, as had
been the custom heretofore. The Sergeant-at-
Arms is placed in great embarrassment by this;
he is constantly called upon by the friends and
relatives of those Senators who have died to
know the reason why the ordinary mark of
respect has not been paid to them by having
monuments erected as before. So far as I
know it had been the custom for the Sergeant-
at-Arms to procurc these monuments and put
them up without any special direction from the
Senate; but there being eight or ten to be pro-
vided for, the Sergeant-at-Arms felt a delicacy
in undertaking the work without direction from
the Senate, and I have introduced this resolu-
tion at his request that he may have instruction
from the Senate whether to procure the monu-
ments and erect them, or have an answer to
make to the relatives and friends of those de-
ceased Senators by saying that the Senate have
refused to instruct him to do so. I move that |
this resolution be taken up for consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) Another subject having !
been under consideration at the time of the '
recess, House bill No. 1220, it requires unan-
imous consent to proceed to the consideration
of the subject named by the Senator from Ver-
mont, unless the unfinished business be post-
poned. Is there objection ?
Mr/POLAND. 1 wish merely to take a vote
on the resolution.
Mr. LANE. I rise to a point of order. This
evening was set apart, by a special resolution
passed some days ago, for the consideration
of pension bills. There are some forty-two
pension bills on the Calendar, and I have left j
a sick bed to come here to attend to them. \
No doubt the resolution of the Senator from
Vermont is perfectly correct, but I must insist
on the regular order of business unless the
Chair overrules me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair ;
is of opinion that the recess being merely a sus- |
pension of the business of the Senate for the
time being, on the reassembling of the Senate
the business in hand at the time of the recess, ;
being House bill No. 1220, to provide ways and ,
means for the payment of compound-interest
notes, is entitled to precedence as the subject
under consideration until the Senate shall, by
a vote, decide to proceed to the consideration
of the business named by the Senator from
Indiana or the business named by the Senator
from Vermont.
Mr. SHE RMAN. Under the circumstances
stated by the Senator from Indiana I cannot
resist the appeal made by him. I know that
he is rather unwell, and he says he came here
for the purpose of discharging his duty to pen-
sioners to-night. Under these circumstances
I move to postpone the unfinished business
until to-morrow at one o'clock, and that it be
made the special order for that hour, so that
we shall have no controversy then about the
order of business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question is the motion of the Senator from
Vermont to take up the subject named by him.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to that until this
business is disposed of.
Mr. POLAND. I do not know that the Sen-
ator can object to my making a motion to post-
pone other business and take up the resolution
to which I have referred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Vermont moves to postpone all prior
orders and proceed to the consideration of the
subject named by him.
Mr. WILSON. I shall ask for the yeas and
nays on that proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is to erect monuments
to people not buried here.
Mr. POLAND. I have said all that I desire
to say in reference to this resolution. All that
will be necessary will be for gentlemen to vote
upon it if it is taken up. I am not aware that
anybody desires to take up any time on it. I
certainly do not.
Mr. WILSON. I do.
Mr. POLAND. I shall not withdraw my
motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator from Ver-
mont insists upon breaking up the evening ses-
sion, be it so.
Mr. POLAND. It is perfectly immaterial
to me whether the Senate pass the resolution
or not. I have introduced the resolution, as I
stated, that the Sergeant-at-Arms may be re-
lieved from his embarrassment. I am perfectly
willing that the Seriate shall vote it down if
they choose. I have no care about it. I merely
desire to have a vote taken on the resolution.
Mr. WILSON. We cannot get a vote now.
We cannot divide.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask for the reading of
the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion which the Senator from Vermont moves
to take up will be read.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Revolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate
be instructed to have the ordinary monuments erected
in the Congressional Cemetery in memory of Senators
who have died sinec July 4,1SG1.
Mr. LANE. Can that resolution be con-
sidered to-day without unanimous consent?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reso-
lution is not offered to-day. It was offered on
the 15th of February, as the Chair under-
stands. The motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont is therefore in order.
Mr. POLAND. I certainly have no desire
to embarrass auvbody. That is not a part of
my vocation. If there is a general assent that
I may have this resolution taken up in the
morning and voted upon it will answer my
Eurpose as '-veil. I am merely acting in be-
alf of the Sergeant-at-Arms in seeking to get
an expression of the Senate on the subject.
It is quite immaterial to me whether he is di-
rected to put up these monuments or not. If
there is a general assent that the resolution
may be taken up and a vote had on it in the
morning I am willing to withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Chair understand the Senator from Vermont
to withdraw his motion to proceed to the con-
sideration of the resolution indicated by him?
Mr. POLAND. Yes, sir, I withdraw it.
compound-interest notes again.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the order of
business?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The busi-
ness before the Senate regularly is House bill
No. 1220, to provide ways and means for the
payment of compound-interest notes.
Mr. SHERMAN. As to-night was set apart
for pension bills, and the Senator from In-
diana. the chairman of the Committee on Pen-
sions, has come here, though unwell, to attend
to that duty, I am disposed to yield to him on
the question of priority. I move, therefore,
that the pending bill be postponed until to-
morrow at one o'clock, and be made the special
order for that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I desire at this time to sub-
mit an amendment to go with the bill which
has just been postponed. It is an additional
section.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of that
section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pro-
posed amendment will be read for information.
The Secretary read the amendment in-
tended to be proposed by Mr. Wilson to the
bill (H. R. No.1220) to provide ways and means
for the payment of compound-interest notes,
as an additional section:
Skc. —. And be it further enacted, That every na-
tional bank shall at all times have on hand, in lawful
money of the United States, an amount equal to at
least twenty-five percent, of tht aggregate amount
of its notes in circulation and its deposits; and it
shall be unlawful for any national bank to pay
interest on deposits made in said bank by any other
bank.
susan ten eyck williamson'.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In pursu-
ance of the order of the Senate setting apart
this evening for pension bills, those bills will
now be taken up.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. On behalf of the Com-
mittee on Pensions, I move to take up Senate
bill No. 623.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 623) granting a pension to Mrs. Susan Ten
Eyck Williamson, was read the second time
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
