1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
all subjects relating to the public e/Bfioesapdgrounds
within the city of Washington which maybe referred
to them ami report their opiniou thereon together
with such proportions relating thereto as may seem
to them expedient.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. 11AYM0ND. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Rules, to which was referred the
resolution in regard to the reports and reporters
of the Associated Press, to report the following:
Resolved, Thatthereportersof theAssociated Press
and tbercportsmadeby them beunder thesamcrulca
and regulations as the reporters and reports of the
Globe.
Sir. ROSS. Does that require them to take
an oath? I understand the reporters of the
Globe take an oath.
The SPEAKER. The reporters of the
Globe do not take an oath. They may else-
where; they do not here. [Great laughter.]
Mr. UPSON. Is the compensation to be
the same ?
The SPEAKER. It is not; that is a matter
of law.
The resolution was adopted.
EXTRA COMPENSATION TO CLERKS.
Mr. HILL. The Speaker yesterday laid be-
fore the House a letter from the Secretary of
the Treasury, transmitting,-in compliance with
the resolution of the House, information con-
cerning the disbursement of the fund of $250,-
000 and $100,000 as extra compensation to
clerks in his Department, which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means and
ordered to be printed. I move, by unanimous
consent, that reference be changed to the
Committee on Expenditures in the Treasury
Department.
There was no objection, and it was agreed
to accordingly.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL,
Mr. KASSON moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the^Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Lawrkxcr, of Pennsylvania, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of House bill
No. 896, making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, ana judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1867.
Mr. KASSON. Before taking up the pend-
ing question, I ask unanimous consent to cor-
rect a few errors that have been discovered on
a reexamination of the bill. The first is on
page 7, line one hundred and forty-three. I
propose to reduce the amount from $373 to
$240.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. The next amendment is on
page 8, line one hundred and seventy-two, to
strike out $12,058 for -laborers and insert
$12,158; also to add the following:
For Lewis Sanders, laborer in charge of the House
water-closet $538, at which sum the salary of tho
said laborer is fixed, and $100 additional tor a den-
cieney in tho present fiscal year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move further to amend
the bill on page 22, line five hundred and eigh-
teen, by striking out the word "Nebraska,''
and reducing the appropriation from $8.;:00
to $7,000, so that "the clause will read '"For
compensation of the surveyor general ot
Kansas, and the clerks in his office, $7,000.''
Also by adding the following :
For compensation of tho surveyor general of Iowa
and Nebraska, declared a surveying district by the
act of Congress, entitled "An act to remove the ouico
of surveyor general of tho States of Iowa ana \V is-
consin to Plattsmouth in Nebraska," approved July
2S, 1866, whioh is fixed at $2,000 per annum, and the
clerks in his office, 87,000.
This amendment is rendered necessary by
an act of the last session changing the survey-
ing districts so that Iowa and Nebraska now
copstituto one district, and Kansas another
and separate district.
The amendment was agreed to.
39tii Conu. 2d Sess. —No. 27.
Mr. KASSON. It is also necessary to strike
out the word X Nebraska" in line five hundred
and fifty-one, and after line five hundred and
fifty two to insert as follows:
For office rent of surveyor general of Iowa and
Nebraska, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
dental expenses, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move further to amend
on page 28, line six hundred and seventy-
seven, by so changing the clause as to read as
follows:
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau of
Yards and liooks, the civil engineer, chief elerk,
messenger, laborers, and the following-clerks and
draughtsmen which are hereafterauthorized. namely-
one clerk of class four, two clerks of class three, one
clerk of class two, one clerk of class one, and one
draughtsman at a salary of $1,800per annum, S16.&10.
This involves no change at all, except by
adding a draughtsman at the salary provided for
in the other bureaus of the Navy Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move further to amend
on page 29, in line six hundred and eighty-
nine, by changing the clause so as to read as
follows:
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau of j
Ordnance, and chief clerks, clerks, draughtsman,
(whose salary is hereby established at $1,800 per an-
num,) messenger, and laborers in his o£&oe, §16,620.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move further to amend
by inserting in line six hundred and ninety-
four, after the word "draughtsman," the words
'•whose salary is hereby increased to $1,800
per annum;" and also, by striking out the
words "increase of salary of the draughts-
man, $400.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move further to amend
by inserting in line six hundred and ninety-
eight,after the word '-draughtsman," the same
words as before, namely, ''whose salary is
hereby established at $1,800 per annum," and
by striking out the words " increase of salary
of the draughtsman, $400;" also, by chang-
ing the amount appropriated from $11,820 to
$11,220, and by inserting before the word
"clerk" the words "and of," and after the
word "two" the words "which is hereby
authorized." The clause will then read as
follows:
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau of
Steam Engineering, chief clerk, and the clerks,
draughtsman, (whose salary is hereby increased to
$1,800 per annum,) messenger, and laborer m his
office, $11,820; and of one clerk of class two, which
is hereby authorized, §1,400.
Mr. KASSON. In line seven hundred and
fifty-two I move to insert, after the word "to-
pographer," the words "three chief clerks."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. We have now reached the
point in the bill where the committee paused
when they were last in session.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending amendment
will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
On page 33. line seven hundred and eiahty-six,
strike out " eighty " and insert " forty-liveso that
it will read: ,
i:Y,r purchase of cereal, vegetable, and flower seeds,
and for labor in putting up seed, seed-bags, aud mis-
cellaneous items, 645,000.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, when this
question was up before, 1 made some com-
ments in relation to the conduct of the office
of the Commissioner on Agriculture, and iu
the course of my remarks I stated that the cost
of the printing of the monthly periodical
amounted to a large sum, and I made the state-
ment, perhaps, in rather a sweeping manner.
I did not know at that time how much it did
amount to, nor do I now. Since that time I
have, however, made inquiries, and^ I find that
the Commissioner claims that the printing does
not cost over $10,000. I am persuaded that
he is mistaken, for the late Superintendent ot
the Public Printing Office told me it might
reach for printing, paper, folding. Ac.,forty or
fifty thousand dollars.
I have no personal hostility against this
learned and distinguished officer. He is I
believe a very amiable gentleman. I am actu-
ated only by a desire to have this bureau con-
tinued and managed wish such success that the
country shall approve of it.
Now, since this gentleman has held this,
office I think there have been $500,000 appro-
priated, which he has expended, and what has
he to show for it? I admit that the annual
reports are among the best we have ever had,
but they are bought and paid for at the rate of
five dollars a page, as I understand. He also
has among his subordinates some very compe-
tent men. I give him credit for zeal and enthu-
siasm in his position ; but I think the place
might be better filled. And, sir, beside this
$500,000 already alluded to, and beside the
cost of printing this monthly periodical, there
is the whole cost of printing the annual reports
and various other documents. They are bound,
too, at the public expense, and some of them
rather expensively bound and distributed.
But, Mr. Chairman, I alluded also to the fact
that the business of this office has not been
conducted always with the highest order or
system, and that has been proven by the fact
, that he has sometimes, after spending all we
appropriated, called for appropriations to meet
large deficiencies. When we appropriate a
certain sum for a certain purpose, if I am not
misinformed, he expends it either for that pur-
pose or for any other which he sees fit. For
instance, we appropriated for the propagating
garden $10,800, and he is reported to have
expended $12,000. We appropriated for con-
tingencies $3,500, and I am led to believe that
he spent under that head $6,650. We appro-
priated for seeds and cost of putting them up,
&c., 854,000, and he expended $66,000; so I
have been told. He buys most of the seeds in
Philadelphia at second-hand, though some are
j his own importations, at an expense of about
twenty-eight thousand dollars, and then, if I
am correctly informed—and if not the chair-
man of the Committee on Agriculture will cor-
rect me—for putting up those same seeds he
expended over forty-tour thousand dollars,
when they would have been put up in any
respectable seed-store probably for half the
money.
This distinguished gentleman is in the re-
ceipt of a salary of $3,000. He has one son,
entirely worthy so far as I know, who is in the
receipt of a salary of $2,000, and another who
has a salary of $1,600. He has one nephew
who has. a salary of $1,400, and another who
has a salary of $1,000. These may all be ex-
cellent officers for aught I know : but besides
this, he owns a horse—an excellent horse very-
likely—which the Government has to support,
and a carriage which is said to be used exclu-
sively for his own benefit, and for which the
Government has been charged within the last
three years the sura of $3,000-—the Govern-
ment being charged one dollar a day for the
use and twenty-five dollars a month for the
keep of his horse. I do not charge any cor-
ruption : it m«y be all proper: but I think it
shows enough of the \ ankee in the Quaker to
take care of his own. Beside all this, he has
seven rooms in the Patent Office building, and
in addition to that hires two or three rooms out-
side—paying $000 and $1,200 rental—one of
which I believe is used on Sundays fora church,
and I have been informed the chairs or the fix-
tures of that church are supplied by the Gov-
ernment. I do not find fault with this. It
may be a proper charity if the permission of
Congress has not been asked.
But. Mr. Chairman, I only rose to call the
attention of tho House to the propriety of
reducing the appropriation as proposed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. B1DVTELL. Mr. Chairman, I do not
feel at liberty to go into a general explanation
in regard to the condition of the Agricultural
Department, for the reason that that subject
was submitted to the Committee on Agricult-
ure for investigation and they have not yet
reported. A large amount of testimony waij
taken by that committee and a great number
of facts were proved, sufficient to indues tais
