1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1181
act of Congress. I have had no difficulty for
myself upon this question of the status of the
rebellious States, and have always believed that
they were under the complete dominion of Con-
gress and subject to its sovereign will and power.
Now, sir, the President of the United States
has a plan of reorganization. His plan has
been before the country, and has been repudi-
ated by the people of the loyal States of this
nation, as it has been indorsed by the rebels
■who now control these ten States. It is a plan
whereby the rebels are to hold supremacy.
Opposed to it is the plan of the people of this
country, who desire us to declare by ouraction
here that those governments shall be placed
in the hands of loyal men. If we do not,
by our action here and now, place the control
of those States in the hands of loyal men we
shall be derelict to our duty, and shall have
forfeited the pledges which we made to our
constituents during the last year, and upon
which they acted at the polls, deciding by
unprecedented majorities against the policy of
the President and in favor of the policy that
"loyal men should govern a preserved lie-
public."
I do not quite agree with the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] wherein he tells
us that for two years and a half we cannot re-
store these States upon a loyal basis against
the will of the President, much less do I be-
lieve that we have within two or three days
reached the happy moment when the Pres-
ident will place himself in accord with the
views of Congress and the people upon this
momentous question. I have no faith, Mr.
Speaker, that the President has any intention
of yielding, in fact, one iota of the plan he has
marked out for the reorganization of the States
in rebellion. As I said before, his plan is
to place the rebels in supreme power there,
and anything which will contribute to that
object, will meet his approval, and whatever
will defeat it will not be sanctioned by him,
but opposed with all the power he possesses.
But let him pursue that plan as he will, if
we have the wisdom and the nerve to enact
laws, as we are authorized to do, placing the
power and control in the hands of the loyal men,
the President is powerless unless ho refuses
to execute these laws in good faitli; and if he
chooses the latter, we can then, if not before,
"take into consideration the state of the coun-
try," as rniidly expressed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Baxks.]
I know of but one way to surely and cer-
tainly place this control in the hands of loyal
men, namely, to treat as utterly void the gov-
ernments organized by the President in those
States. 1 am not aware that Congress has in
any manner recognized these governments.
But it lias acted as though they were usurping
governments without authority'or sanction of
law. Wo have certainly this day, in most
emphatic terms, so declared in relation to the
existing pretended government of Louisiana.
I so voted to-day and shall continue so to vote
as often as opportunity is presented. This
being done, we have only to authorize the loyal
men of those States, withoutdistinction of race
or color, to organize new governments upon
the basis of loyalty and justice. This should
be done without limitation and without quali-
fication. 1 want no property qualification, no
qualification of intelligence in the enjoyment of
the elective franchise. Let intelligence follow,
as it surely will, the enjoyment of this great
privilege of voting for those who shall govern.
If we thus place the ballot in the hands of the
loyal men I believe they have within them-
selves the power to control and direct affairs
in all those States. Especially will this be so
if leading and influential rebels are denied suf-
frage, even for a limited time. I have no fear
hut that now there can be found intelligence
enough among the blacks to prudently and
properly exercise the franchise.
I believe the hope of restoration of repub-
lican governments in those States rests in the
masses of the people, the uneducated, the poor,
and now powerless masses. Certainly not in
the aristocratic few, who, though vanquished
by our arms, are still wedded to the idea that
the strong should govern the weak at their own
pleasure and will without the consent of the
governed. Therefore I believe to stop short
of manhood suffrage in our legislation is to
trifle with the great subject, and render us
ridiculous in the eyes of all those who respect
popular government based on the will and
judgment of the people.
Mr. Speaker, I am not aware that there is
now any party in this country that arrays itself
directly against this principle of manhood suf-
frage. The leaders of the Opposition out of
this House, if not in it, recognize the justness
of the principle. The leading journal of the
Democratic party in the West urges its adop-
tion as the only feasible solution of our na-
tional difficulties; and even the New York
World, in a recent article, recognizes its
justice and the policy of adopting it in a
modified form, and in the debate to-day I
heard no one of the Opposition oppose the
Louisiana bill because it provides for suffrage
without reference to color. If this Congress
shall adopt it as an indispensable condition
of restoration, I venture to predict that no
party in this country would be found assailing
it, unless possibly a few of our Kentucky
friends on this floor might see in its adoption
the overthrow of free government. But no
one ~will be alarmed at their position, as that
State is always slow to adopt views consistent
with our advancing civilization. I believe this,
and such other conditions as the judgment of
this Congress may indicate, should at once be
presented to the people of the rebel States, in
order that they may know what we expect of
them, and that they may no longer rest under
the delusion that restoration will follow their
clinging to the repudiated theories of an Exec-
utive who has abandoned the principles, upon
which lie was elected and betrayed the party
that placed him in power.
To them anything is better than unrest and
uncertainty; like the criminal in the box, no
moments are to them so long as those between
the verdict of the jury and the sentence of the
court.
Mr. Speaker, T have but one word to add in
reference to the bill before the House. It is
denounced as a measure of despotism, placing
in the hands of t'lie military absolute power
over eight or ten million people. I admit that
it is a bill strong in its provisions. I am for
one as desirous of preserving the sacred rights
of the citizen as any other mail in this House
can be. I believe the privilege of the writ
of habeas corpus should be held sacred and
inviolate as far as it can bo. Tt has been held
sacred for too many centuries to be trifled with
lightly at this time. But, Mr. Speaker, we
are told, and from the overwhelming evidence
adduced we are compelled to believe, that in
these ten insurgent States life, liberty, and
property are unsafe. The civil governments
organized there manifest their hostility to this
Government and to loyalty as much now as
during the war. It is therefore the bounden
duty of the Federal Government, at all cost,
to protect the life, liberty, and property of its
citizens; and until we can do that by the or-
ganization of loyal civil governments we are
recreant to our duty, to them, and to ourselves
if we do not place over them the strong hand
of military power. The concurrent testimony,
so far as I have been able to read the letters
and examine the reports, is that in those States
neither the life, liberty, nor property of loyal
men is safe. Now, if that "be true, inasmuch
as they have no civil governments in those
States recognized by the law-making power
of the nation, we have the right, and it is our
duty, to place over them temporary military
governments.
Gentlemen who are supporters of the Presi-
dent need not be so much alarmed at this mil-
itary rule in the southern States. Until the
1st day of August, 18GG, all of those States
were virtually controlled by the military power
of this Government. They do not know that
long after the surrender of the rebel army in
18Q-5, along through the early part of 1866,
even up to August, the generals of our Army
were issuing orders contravening the enact-
ments of the Legislatures of these southern
States, expressly declaring by general orders
that the processes atad mandates of this Gov-
ernment should be obeyed as against the laws
of those States and the judgments of their
courts. General Grant himself, I believe, on
the 1st of July, 1860, issued a general order to
all his military commanders in those States to
arrest and hold men who had been charged
with crime in all cases where the civil courts
either neglected or refused to punish them.
General Sickles in 18(36, in South Carolina,
and General Terry, in Virginia, each set aside
statutes of those States by general orders,
which orders were indorsed at the time by the
President, and that long after the pretended
governments were organized by the President
and in full operation.
This military law is no new thing to these
rebel States. They have only been relieved
from it five or six months, and these have been
sad months to the Union men of that country.
Who in this House, on this side or the other,
believes that if military law had been in force
in New Orleans on the 30th of July, 180G,
they would have had that scene of wholesale
murder that transpired on that day? Who
believes that had it uotbeen for the telegraphic
dispatch sent by Andrew Johnson to Lieuten-
ant Governor Voorhees on the 28th of July,
those murders would have been committed by
rebel officers? By that dispatch he declared
that the military power of the Government
should be used for the purpose of enforcing the
dccreesand mandates of the rebel civil author-
ities in that city4 and with that encouragement
those murders were committed.
Now, I desire to say that it is because of
the interference of the President of the United
States with the military law which exists in
those States that this bill is rendered neces-
sary. In my judgment if wo had to-day aa
Executive who was desirous of enforcing the
laws of the United States to protect loyal men
in those States, instead of defending the rebel
element, this bill would not be needed. Those
people are yet in a state of quasi rebellion at
least. It is true, they have laid down their arms;
but they have no civil government that is worthy
of recognition anywhere as such. As was said
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley,] the President of the United States
himself has declared that those governments
are of no binding force upon the people of the
country until they arc recognized by the law-
making power of the country, the Congress of
the United States. Such assent has not yet
been given, and I trust it will never be given,
to a single one of these governments organized
in the interest of the rebellion.
Now, Mr. Speaker, believing as I do that
this measure is essential to the preservation
of the Union men of these States, and believ-
ing that their lives, property, and liberties can-
not bo secured except through a military law,
I am for this bill. But I say now frankly to
the distinguished gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, who has charge of it, that I hope some-
thing may be devised and added to it whereby
the loyal people in the southern SUtcs may
direst themselves of this military law by or-
ganizing civil governments that shall be repub-
lican in form and in fact,, and that shall recog-
nize the manhood of all men in these States.
Let there be such an enabling act as w 11 secure
to loyalty and loyal men the control and
direction of affairs, and then relieve th';n? from
the temporary power of the military authority
of this Government, as provided in tht> hill.
Mr. Speaker, we have but a few day? nioro
in which to pass this bill or any measure affect-
ing this subject and have it become a law over
the apprehended veto of the President. Fence,
I regret that I have occupied even so mu^.h of
the time of the House as I have upon this sub-
ject.
It is important, in my judgment, thai thia
