1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1188
Mr. RAYMOND. I think my friend from
Maine deals somewhat in rhetorical statements
when he says the proposition submitted at the
last session of Congress to move a constitu-
tional amendment as the basis of reconstruc-
tion was " kicked under the table" and treated
with scorn and contempt. I can understand
other reasons why it was not adopted without
resorting to a supposition so extremely disre-
spectful to the Reconstruction Committee of
Congress.
Mr. BLAINE. They helped to "kick it
under the table." [Laughter.]
Mr. RAYMOND. Then, sir, if they did
that after reporting it themselves, after spend-
ing six months of time upon it, after Submit-
ting it to Congress, if they., in general terms,
"helped to kick it," they are guilty of more
disrespect and faithlessness than I ever ven-
tured to charge them with, and that is saying
a good deal. [Laughter.]
I will say, Mr. Speaker, there is a sort of
fair dealing in this matter, aside from techni-
cal objections, from legal quibbles, from mere
words and phrases, upon which we base such an
inference. We are acting here as the Congress
of the United States. We lay down the basis
of reconstruction for restoring this Union. The
last Congress did that. The Reconstruction
Committee, appointed at the last session by
joint action of the two Houses of Congress,
laid down a basis of reconstruction. Well, sir,
we adopted that constitutional amendment,
and held it forth to the country as the'basis of
restoring the Union; and it was fairly pre-
sumed that if it should be accepted by the
southern States it should be conclusive. Ob-
jections having arisen to its adoption in terms,
men holding exactly opposite views joining in
opposition to it, it was laid aside; but not
twenty men in this House voted against it on
the ground that it did not provide for universal
suffrage in addition to the constitutional amend-
ment.
Now, I again ask the gentleman from Maine
to point me to a single State that added suf-
frage distinctly as an additional requirement
for the restoration of the southern States.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask the gentleman this
question 
Mr. RAYMOND. Let me first finish what
I have to say on this point.
I say that the joint Committee on Recon-
struction submitted to Congress and to the
country the constitutional amendment, which
was acquiesced in by the country with the
understanding that it was to be regarded as the
basis of reconstruction. It is possible they
have concluded to lay that aside, for I admit
that the changes of public opinion in this
House are about as frequent as the changes of
the moon.
Mr. BLAINE. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Raym.oxd] to
maintain that the Thirty-Ninth Congress ad-
journed at the close of the first session sub-
mitting to the people of the United States the
constitutional amendment as, in the opinion
of that Congress, the basis on which the dis-
loyal States should be received to representa-
tion here ?
Mr. RAYMOND. The gentleman uses epi-
thets ; he speaks of " the disloyal States."
Mr. BLAINE. Well, I will say the late
insurrectionary States. The gentleman knows
what I mean.
Mr. RAYMOND. I say that the Thirty-
Ninth Congress adjourned last session.^ haying
proposed an amendment to the Constitution;
and that they appealed to the people of the
United States at the polls with the constitu-
tional amendment as the only basis for recon-
struction ; that reconstruction must be on that
basis, if on any. The Congress had made no
other provision ; they had laid down no other
basis ; they had specified no other programme.
Now, what I wish to know is, can the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Blaine] name to me
some one State, or some two States, or any
number of States, which added to that basis
suffrage or any other distinct and specific
terms such as would require any additional
measures ?
Mr. BLAINE. I again call the attention
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Ray-
mond] to the preamble of the joint resolution
for the readmission of Tennessee, which has
already been read. The passage of that joint
resolution was, I repeat, about the last act in
reference to reconstruction which the Thirty-
Ninth Congress performed at its last session.
Mr. RAYMOND. Exactly; that is what I
have said: " ratified the amendment proposed
by the Thirty-Ninth Congress."
Mr. BLAINE. But that is not all; the
preamble farther says, "and has done other
acts proclaiming and denoting loyalty." Now,
the very last of these " acts proclaiming and
denoting loyalty" was the one ratifying the
amendment proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress.
Mr. RAYMOND. That was the last thing
required of them by Congress ; and there was
no requirement of suffrage embraced.
Mr. BLAINE. Oh, no.
Mr. McKEE. Will the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Blaine] allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. BLAINE. Certainly.
Mr. McKEE. I desire to ask him this
question: if the State of Tennessee had re-
lused to adopt or ratify that constitutional
amendment, would he have voted for her
admission, even though she had done all the
other acts recited in the preamble which he
has read?
Mr. BLAINE. Before I answer that ques-
tion I desire to say to the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Raymond] that he can show only
one State, his own, that ever accepted the con-
stitutional amendment proposed by Congress
as the only basis to be required for reconstruc-
tion. And I submit that however great New
York is, however overshadowing are her num-
bers, she cannot in that respect give law to the
great Union party of the loyal States.
Mr. RAYMOND. Is it not true, and does
the gentleman not know it to be true, that we
admitted Tennessee into this Congress upon a
telegraphic announcement that she had adopted
the constitutional amendment?
Mr. BLAINE. That Tennessee had done
that among other acts. And now I will say,
and that will answer the question of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. McKee,] that
if Tennessee had not adopted that constitu-
tional amendment she could not have been
admitted. But the gentleman takes the nega-
tive for the affirmative. That of itself would
not have been sufficient; without it she could
not have been admitted; nor could she have
been admitted with that ratification unless she
had accomplished certain other acts.
Mr. RAYMOND. That ratification was what
we waited for.
Mr. BLAINE. Because it was the last in
the order of the acts which distinguished Ten-
nessee from the other ten States. That, with
other things, is what the other ten States lack,
and that is the reason why they are to-day not
represented here.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to yield the re-
mainder of my hour to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.] But before doing so
I wish to inform the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Raymond] that the Republican party of
the State of Iowa, in its platform during the
last canvass, distinctly enunciated as one of
its planks a proposition in favor of universal
suffrage.
. I now yield the remainder of my time to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gakfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I would not ask the further
attention of the House upon this subject were
it not that I find myself very seriously misrep-
resented here and elsewhere in reference to the
remarks I made on this bill on Friday last,
1 would not have the worst rebel in the world
suppose me capable of anything like malignity
toward even him. I therefore take this occa-
sion to contradict the representation made to-
day by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Harding,] as I am informed for 1 did not hear
him myself, t.hatl had declared that though I had
hitherto been in favor of magnanimity toward
the people of the South, I was now in favor of
enforcing a blood-thirsty policy against them.
I have never uttered such a sentiment. All that
I did say was said directly and explicitly upon
the single question of the constitutional amend-
ment as a basis of restoration.
I did say the other day, and I say now,
that if the amendment proposed at the last
session of Congress had been ratified by all
the States lately in rebellion in the same way
that Tennessee ratified it, and if those States
had done all the other things that Tennessee
did, I should have felt myself morally bound,
though it fell very far short of full justice and
of my own views of good statesmanship, and
I believe the Thirty-Ninth Congress would have
been morally bound to have admitted every
one of the rebel States on the same terms.
Many members know that I have been op-
posed to taking further decisive action until
every rebel State had had full opportunity to
act upon the amendment. Now that they have
all rejected it, and considering their action as
final, I say, as I said on Friday last, that that
offer as a basis of reconstruction is forever
closed so far as my vote is concerned. The
time has come when wc must protect the loyal
men of the South; the time has come when
fruitless magnanimity to rebels is cruelly to
our friends. No other victorious nation has
ever so neglected its supporters. For a quar-
ter of a century the British Government gave
special protection to the tories of the American
Revolution, paying them ยง15,000,000 out of
the royal treasury. What loyal man of any
Slate, except Tennessee, has been honored or
defended by the Federal Government? It is a
notorious fact that it is both honorable and
safe in the South to have been a rebel, while it
is both dangerous and disgraceful for a South-
erner to have been loyal to the Union. They
are every day perishing as unavengeful victims
of rebel malignity.
I desire to say, also, that I am in favor of
placing these States under military jurisdiction
only as a temporary measure of protection
until republican governments can be organized
based upon the will of all the loyal people, with-
out .regard to race or color.
Now, Mr. Speaker, since the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Harding] volunteered to read
me a lecture on blood-thirstiness and reminded
me of the sinfulness of human nature as repre-
sented in myself, I will volunteer a few sug-
gestions and reflections to him and the party
with which he acts.
I remind the gentleman that his party and
the President who leads it have had it in
their power any day during the last twenty-
two months to close the bleeding wounds of
this grievous war and restore the States lately
in rebellion to their proper places in the Union.
I tell that gentleman that if, on any OTe day
during the war ho and his party had risen^ up
and said honestly and unanimously, "We join
the loyal men of the nation to put down the
rebellion," the war would not have lasted a
twelvemonth. The Army never feared the
enemy in its front; it was the enemy in our
rear, with their ballots and plots against the
Union and their sympathy with the rebellion,
which continued the war and wasted and
desolated the land with blood and fire. That
party is responsible for more of the carnage of
the war than anybody this side of the rebels.
But, sir, the gentleman and his party have
made a record since the war ended.
If the Democratic party, with the President
at its head, had, on any day since July last,
advised the people of the South to accept the
constitutional amendment and come in as Ten-
nessee did, it wciuld have been done. I have
information from a source entirely reliable that
but little more than one month ago Alabama
was on the eve of accepting the proposed
amendment to the Constitution when a tele-
gram from Washington dissuaded her from
doing so and led her to rush upon her own
ruin by rejecting it.
