1860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
J. AND O. P. COBB AND COMPANY.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1096.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (II.
R. No. 10061 tor the relief of J. & 0. I'. Cobb
& Co. was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It is a direction to the Treasurer of
the United States to pay to J. & 0. P. Cobb &
Co., of Aurora, Indiana, the sum of $7,892 18
out of any money applicable to the payment of
claims against the Quartermaster's Bureau, in
full discharge of their claim for hay taken and
destroyed by order of General Boyle, on the
the Ohio river, in July, 1863.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to hear some
explanation of that bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I supposed every Sen-
ator recollected the facts of this case; it was
fully discussed last year. A bill was then
reported by Mr. Clark, of New Hampshire,
from the Committee on Claims, but besides
what this present bill contains, it had an allow-
ance for the barges in which the hay was being
transported to Cairo; and because the barges
did not come within the contract the Senate
feared it would be establishing a precedent to
pay for the property destroyed. This is hay
that was purchased by the Government and it
was being carried under a contract for delivery
at Cairo. There never has been any question
in regard to the hay.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
john ii. hamlin.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up House
joint resolution No. 268.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 268) to pay Lieutenant
John H. Hamlin for military services was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It is
a direction to' the Paymaster General of the
United States Array to pay to John H. Ham-
lin, of Michigan, late a first lieutenant in the
seventh regiment of Michigan cavalry, the full
pay and allowances of a second lieutenant of
cavalry for the time from the 8th of January,
1863, being the date on which he joined his
regiment and entered on duty as a second lieu-
tenant, to the 28th of March, 1864, when he
was mustered in as a first lieutenant.
The Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia proposed amendments to the resolution.
The first amendment was in lines seven and
eight to strike out " 8th day of January" and
insert " 1st day of July."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight after
" 1863" to strike out the words "being the
date on which he joined his regiment and
entered on duty as a second lieutenant."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in. The amendments were ordered
to be engrossed and the joint resolution to be
read a third time. It was read the third time,
and passed.
ELIZA WELLS.
Mr. WILLEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 611.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 611) to extend to and for the benefit of
Eliza Wells letters-patent heretofore issued to
Henry A. Wells, deceased, was read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The preamble recites that Henry A. Wells,
late of the city of New York, obtained letters-
patent of the United States for valuable " im-
provements in the process of and machinery
for making hat-bodies," which letters-patent
bore date the 25th of April, 1846, and were
granted for the term of fourteen years from
that date; that he departed this life on the
27th of March, 1851, leaving Eliza Wells, his
widow, to whom letters of administration on
J his estate were duly granted; that the letters-
patent were reissued to Charles St. John, and
others, assignees, in two divisions, one bear-
ing date the 30th of September, 1856, and num-
bered three hundred and ninety-six, and the
other bearing date the 7th of October, 1856,
and numbered four hundred; that the reissued
letters-patent were duly extended by the Com-
missioner of Patents on the 25th of April, 1860,
for the term of seven years from the last men-
tioned date, for the benefit of Eliza Wells, ad-
ministratrix; that on the 4th of December,
I860, the reissued and extended letters-patent
were surrendered and again reissued to Henry
A. Burr, assignee, in two divisions, numbered
ten hundred and eighty-six and ten hundred
and eighty-seven ; that the extended term will
expire the 25th day of xVpril, 1867 ; that it ap-
pears that the invention is of great value and
importance to the public, and that Henry A.
Wells in his lifetime, and Eliza Wells, as ad-
ministratrix since his decease, failed to receive
from the use and sale of the invention a rea-
sonable remuneration for the time, ingenuity,
and expense bestowed upon it and its introduc-
tion into use. The bill, therefore, proposes to
extend the reissued letters-patent numbered
one thousand and eighty-six and one thousand
and eighty-seven, respectively, and bearing
date the 4th of December, 1860, to and for the
benefit of Eliza Wells, as administratrix of the
estate of Henry A. Wells, deceased, for the
further term of seven years from and after the
25th of April, 1867.
Mr. WILLEY. I move to amend the bill
in lines three and four by striking out the
words "one thousand and eighty-six and;" in
line four by striking out the word "respect-
ively;" and in line six, after the word " sixty,"
by inserting "and said reissued letters-patent
numbered thirteen hundred and eighteen, and
bearing date the 17th day of June, 1862;" so
that, if amended, the bill will read:
That the said reissued letters-patent numbered ten
thousand and eisyhty-seven, and bearing date the 4th
day of December. I860, and said reissued letters-pat-
ent numbered thirteen hundred and eighteen, and
bearing date the 17th day of June, 1862, be, and the
same {ire hereby, extended to and for the benefit of
the said Eliza W ells, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. I now move to amend the
preamble in the seventh line, on page 2, by
inserting after the words "ten hundred and
eighty-seven" these words:
And whereas said reissued letters-patent, num-
bered ten hundred and eighty-six, were surrendered
and again reissued on the 17th (lay of June, 1862,
said reissued letters-patent being numbered thirteen
hundred and eighteen.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
rear admiral iiiram paulding.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill 
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a point of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hen-
dricks in the chair.) What is the question of
order made by the Senator from Kentucky ?
Mr. DAVIS. It is this: the Senator from
Massachusetts was standing on the floor for
some minutes before he addressed the Chair.
The rule is that a member of the Senate shall
rise from his seat and address the Chair ; but
there were five or six members of the Senate
who had been standing for some minutes. We
are now engaged in a competing race, and I
want it carried on according to the rules.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. The next time 
Mr. DAVIS. I will waive my question of
order for the present.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 457, for the relief of Hiram Paulding,
rear admiral United States Navy.
Mr. WILSON. Thatis a bill that has passed
the House of Representatives, and can be taken
up here it any time, and besides is a private
bill. I am very anxious to get up a very im-
portant bill, that has got to go to the House of
Representatives, and must be passed before we
adjourn; for certain laws have expired in
regard to the Army, and great offenses com-
mitted in the service cannot be punished. I
am very anxious to get that bill up to-night. I
called it up this afternoon, but yielded to the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
Mr. SUMNER. If this takes any time, then
I shall yield. I am in favor of my colleague's
bill.
Mr. WILSON. This bill can be taken up at
any time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on proceeding to the consideration of
the bill named by the Senator from Massachu-
setts furthest from the Chair, [Mr. Sumner.]
Mr. SUMNER. I wish the Senate to under-
stand that here is a bill that has already twice
passed the Senate, and owing to its arriving at
the House 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the merits of the bill are not before the
body.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that; but the
question is on proceeding to the consideration
of the bill, and I am assigning reasons briefly
why it should be proceeded with. It has twice
passed the Senate, but owing to the late period
of the session when it reached the House it
was not acted upon there. It has now at this
session been acted upon by the House, and
come to the Senate. It has been considered
by the committee and is reported, and on your
table. I see no reason why a distinction
should be made between this and the numer-
ous bills that have been acted upon during this
evening.
Mr. WILSON. I can state the distinction.
This is a House bill. We can at any moment,
take it up and dispose of it. It is a private bill.
I have charge of forty bills, some of which have
passed the House of Representatives, some of
them original bills here, that I am very anxious
to act upon, many of them of a general and
public character. My colleague got up a bill
to-day and passed it. I am very anxious and
I have been struggling all day to get the floor
to cali up a bill that comes here with an indorse-
ment from the War Department as a matter of
absolute necessity to pass, and I am very anx-
ious to pass it to-night so as to get it to the
House of Representatives. Having stated this,
I withdraw all opposition to the motion that is
made by my colleague.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill would have been
disposed of in a shorter time than has been
occupied in this debate.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 457) for the relief
of Hiram Paulding, rear admiral United
States Navy. It directs the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to audit the accounts
of Hiram Paulding while a captain in the Uni-
ted States Navy, covering his expenditures in
the entertainment of foreign officers and people
who visited the frigate St. Lawrence, under
his command, at Southampton, not exceeding
the sum of $963 92; and also his expenditures
in entertaining the officers of the Governments
of Bremerhaven and Stockholm, in the years
1848, 1849, and 1850, not exceeding the sum
of $2,690.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
WALTER C. WHITAKER.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the Senate take
up House joint resolution No. 273, for the relief
of Walter C. Whitaker.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution, which declares
that Walter C. Whitaker is entitled to pay and
allowances as colonel of the sixth Kentucky
volunteer infantry from the 9th of September,
1861, to the 1st of January, 1862, inclusive,
