1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1*185
reported a bill (S. No. 594)' to provide for the
payment of compound-interest notes; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 578) to extend the provisions of
an act entitled," An act for the final adjustment
of private land claims in the States of Florida,
Louisiana, and Missouri, and for other pur-
poses," reported it without amendment.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 746) for the organization of land
districts in the Territories of Arizona, Idaho,
Utah, and Montana, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on
Gommerce, ,to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. iS1/*) to* amend the act entitled "An act
further to provide for the safety of the lives
of passengers on board of vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam, to regulate the sal-
aries of steamboat inspectors, and for other
purposes," approved July 26, 18G6, reported it
without amendment, and submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committeeon
Finance, to whom were referred the following
bills, reported them severally with amend-
ments :
A bill (H. R. No. 904) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th
June, 1868, and for other purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 912) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1868.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition'of Annie E.
Dixon, widow of Henry T. Dixon, late a major
of volunteers, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Pensions; which was
agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committeeon Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 246) for the relief of Town-
sand Harris, have had it under consideration,
and directed me to report it back with a recom-
mendation that it be indefinitely postponed.
In making this report I desire to say emphat-
ically that the committee were strongly im-
pressed by the value of the services rendered
to the country by this gentleman, who was
consul general of the United States at Japan,
in negotiating the treaty with that Government,
but they find no sanction in the law or in any
established precedent of the Government for
allowing the additional compensation which
he claims on account of that service. They,
therefore, with very great respect for Mr. Har-
ris, and with a sense of his eminent services,
have come to the conclusion that they cannot
recommend the passage of this joint resolu-
tion. I am directed, therefore, to report it
back, and to move that it be indefinitely post'
poned.
The motion was agreed to.
JAMES KEENAN.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 247) for the relief of
James Iveenan, have had the same under con-
sideration and have directed me to report it
back with a recommendation that it pass. As
this is a very short resolution, and as it has
been passed by the other House, I ask that the
Senate proceed with it now. It will take but
one minute.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury, in the settlement of the accounts of
James lieenan, late consul at Hong Kong,
China, to pay to his legal representatives the
amount of exchange to which he would have
been entitled for loss if he had drawn the sev-
eral balances due him on the adjustment of his
accounts.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 75.
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
PAUL S. FORBES.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the joint
resolution of the Senate (S. R. No. 99) for the
relief of Paul S. Forbes, under his contract
with the Navy Department for the building
and furnishing of the sloop-of-war Idaho, have
directed me to report it back with a few slight
amendments to the House amendment. I
think this matter ought to be disposed of, and
I therefore ask the Senate to proceed to its
consideration at once.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the House amendment. The first
amendment of the Committee on Naval Affairs
was in line six of the House amendment, to
strike out "upon payment" and insert "at a
price."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
"dollars" in line six, to add, "already paid
said Forbes, and which shall be in full dis-
charge of his contract with the Navy Depart-
ment on account of said steamship."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The House amendment, as amended, was
concurred in.
MAIL SERVICE TO CHINA.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution for the
printing of extra copies of the report accom-
panying Senate joint resolution No. 98, have
instructed me to report it back with an amend-
ment ; and I ask for its present considera-
tion.
The Senate proceeded to consider the reso-
lution.
The amendment of the Committee on Print-
ing was to strike out "one thousand" and
insert "five hundred;" and the resolution, as
amended, was agreed to, as follows :
Itcsolvcd, That five hundred extra copies of the
report No.llOof theSenate, to accompany jointreso-
lntinn (S. R. No. 98) to amend an not entitled " An act
to authorize tho establishment of ocean mail steam-
ship service between the United States and China,"
approved February 17,1865, be printed for tho use
of tho Senate.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to give notice
that I shall to-morrow or some subsequent day
ask leave to introduce a bill repealing all ex-
isting tariff laws, and imposing an equal duty
of fifty per cent, upon all articles imported into
tho United States from and after the passage
of the act.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 170) to facilitate the settlement
of claims for quartermasters' stores and sub-
sistence supplies furnished by loyal persons
to the Army of the United States in the late re-
bellion; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 595) to regulate the disposition of an irreg-
ular fund in the custody of the Freedmen's
Bureau ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 59G) granting lands to the States of Wis-
consin and Michigan to aid in the construction
of the Wisconsin and Lake Superior railroad
and its branches ; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 171) for the relief of Martha
McConk; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
PATENT BUSINESS.
Mr. WILLEY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That oil Friday next, at seven o'clock p.
m., the Senate will proceed to the consideration of
business relating exclusively to patents and the Pat-
ent Offioe.
PRESIDENTIAL 0VFI01!.
Mr. TRUMBULL, while reports of commit-
tees were being called for, submitted a motion
that the Senate procecd to the consideration
of House joint resolution No. 235.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask for the consideration
of the resolution in regartito the compensation
of the Senators from lennessee.
Mr. SUMNER. There is on the table a
resolution that I offered yesterday, of instruc-
tion to the Judiciary Committee, that was ob-
jected to. I should like to have it acted upon
now.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive the resolution of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. POLAND. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
directed to inquire into the expediency of amending
the Constitution of the United States so as, fust, to
restrict the offico of the President to a single tin ill,
anil for extending that term to a period of six years;
second, to abolish the ofiicoof Vice Pi evident; third,
to provide for tho election of Presidents directly by
the people, without the intervention of Electoral Col-
leges; and to report the proper articles of amend-
ment to bo proposed to the several States.
I will not ask that this resolution be con-
sidered now. I introduce it because the sub-
ject is before the Senate, and I desire that this
view of tho question may be submitted so that
the subject may be considered in every aspect.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will lie over under the rule.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. POLAND. Now, if I am in order, I
ask the Senate to proceed with the considera-
tion of tho bankrupt bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish that the Senate
would take up and pass the resolution of in-
quiry which I introduced yesterday. 1 wish to
get that subject before the Judiciary Commit-
f he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that there arc now four different
motions to proceed in the consideration of
business upon the table. The Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] is recognized by the
Chair as having made the first motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust the Senate will
proceed to the consideration of the joint reso-
lution which T have indicated.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to inquire of the
Chair whether the resolution which I ask to
have considered does not properly belong to
the order of resolutions, and whether it is not
a privileged question ? It is a resolution re-
ported by the Committee on the Judiciary^ for
the compensation of the Senators from 1 en-
nessee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Clntir
thinks there is no special^privilege in regard to
a resolution of that description, and no special
privilege in a motion to take up a resolution
upon the table over a motion to take up a bill
or a joint resolution. The Chair thinks the
practice of the Senate has been to recognize
any Senator who, after the morning business
is completed, makes a motion to takeup either
a bill, a joint resolution, or a resolution, with-
out regard to one having priority over the
other.
Mr. HARRIS. I am not at all familiar with
the rules of the Senate, but I was advised by
those who are familiar with them that this was
a question belonging to the order of^ resolu-
tions, and therefore had priority at this time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust we can take up
both questions this morning. If the Senator
from New York will allow tfee resolution which
I have moved to take up to come up, I think
