1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
individual who occupies the highest position
in the Department? I hope such will not be
the case.
Mr.'TJRO WBRIDGE. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I renew it. Mr.
Chairman, I have always felt a great interest
in this Department of Agriculture. I know its
whole history. I was here when it was first
established, and I have franked off a great
many of its seeds, and they have done a great
deal of good. I go further, and say that, in
my opinion, the gentleman they have now at
the head of the Department is the best quali-
fied for the office of any who ever did hold the
place. I say they have heretofore generally
been professed politicians or attorneys-at-law.
I understand that the present one is a practi-
cal farmer, and knows something about agri-
culture, a great deal about agriculture. But
he labors under some disadvantage. That dis-
advantage arises, in my opinion, from the law
itself. 1 think the whole Department needs
reorganization. Every one who follows the
present head under existing laws will give rise
to the same difficulties.
It is said his reports are bad, and that he is
disqualified for the position. Look at his re-
port. Only eleven pages are his own, while
the rest is by the most distinguished writers
of the country. If these writings had not gone
into this report they would have gone into
some agricultural paper, and would not have
had half the circulation and most of the people
would have been deprived of the information.
Before coming here I received a circular
from the Agricultural Department asking me
to write something for the report, and stating
how much I would be allowed per page, but
at the time I was engaged in a political con-
test and could not comply with the request.
When I leave the scenes of public life here,
and like Cincinnatus, retire to my farm, when
I go back to the prairies of Illinois and culti-
vate my farm for a living, I may be induced to
write for the agricultural report instead of
writing for some agricultural newspaper where
I would not get one half the pay and not one
tenth of the circulation. [Laughter.]
Some complaints are made about the pic-
tures in this report. It is not the fault of the
Commissioner if they are not better, because
he invites them from all parts of the country.
I think there are better animals in the United
States. But send him the pictures and he will
put them into the report. I have an artist in
view of my retiring to my farm to take the pic-
ture of my own animals, and it will be a mat-
ter of pleasure for me in private life to know
that my colleagues in this House will be frank-
ing off pictures of my animals to their constit-
uents. [Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Here Mr. CTLLOM took the chair.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Chairman, I have loft the chair in order to
say a word in defense of a friend. 1 want to
corroborate what has been said by my colleague (,
on the committee, the gentleman from Michi-
gan. [Mr. Trowbridge.] I wish 1 had time to
speak at length on this subject, but I have not.
I have seen manifested in this House to-day
what I consider a most illiberal and unjust
spirit toward this Department. You have ap-
propriated for the Secretary of the Treasury
more than a million dollars, and not a word
of inquiry was made on the subject. You have
made appropriations for other Departments,
and you propose to pass the bill without making
any question on the subject. But when you
come to the Department of Agriculture, which,
as my friend says, is one of the best in the
country, it seems every lawyer on the floor and
every professional man claims the privilege of
abusing the head of that Department without
making any charges. I venture to say, if the
investigation we made.last winter is spread be;
fore the Ilouse, there is not an honest man, i:
you except the chairman of the committee, but
will condemn the charges brought by men like
the ono whose pamphlet has been read.
One man stood before the committee, as my
friend knows, and swore that the imported
wheat was filled with various impurities; but
when it was exhibited to the committee it was
as clean as any you ever saw. That man was
said to be crazy and was turned out, not on
account of the testimony he gave before the
committee, but because he was mentally unfit
for the position. In the committee-room he
stated what was not true, yet he was turned
out because he was considered to be insane,
demented.
That is the kind of testimony upon which
you condemn Isaac Newton. He is not a lit-
erary man; he does not claim to be such; but
he is a man who has made his living on a farm
in Pennsylvania, and has shown himself enti-
tled to the respect and confidence of every one
with whom he has been associated. I venture
to say, if you will give mo a committee of this
House, I will prove more frauds, rascalities,
and profligacy in any Department of the Gov-
ernment than you can find in the bureau under
Isaac Newton. And who ever charged him
with dishonesty except some one who has been
turned out of the Department or who wants to
get in, like the man who was at the head of
the Census Bureau? These men have sent out
papers to Iowa and Illinois and all the western
States, to the agricultural fairs and committees,
asking them to indorse their statements against
Mr..Newton and send them back; these are
the men who get up charges against Mm and
are now attempting to break him down and
get his place. I am astonished that members
will lend themselves to help break down a
Department in this way by bringing charges
against an honest and faithful public officer.
I repeat, there is no man on this floor who
can prove an act of dishonesty against this
man, and I doubt whether there is a better
practical farmer in the country. If you want
to break down the Department, take away the
appropriation; but do not make charges against
an honest man like Isaac Newton, whose char-
acter is as dear to him as that of any member
on this floor. . _
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
Mr. KASSON. I would suggest whether it
is not time to bring the discussion to a close
on this clause. It is very important that we
should get through this bill. We are making
no progress. Every member knows how the
business is crowded on the Calendar of the
House, and I appeal to the House by unani-
mous consent to close debate on this paragraph
in five minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection?
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I object-
Mr. KASSON. Then I move that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. LAWRENCE, ofPennsylvania.resumed
the chair.
Mr. BID WELL. I hope the gentleman will
not debar me a word of explanation.
Mr. KASSON. I intend to move to close
debate in five minutes when the Hou=e resolves
itself again in Committee of the Whole, and
then the gentleman can have an opportunity to
be heard.
The motion that the. committee rise was
agreed to.
So the committee rose: and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Lawrence, of
Pennsylvania, reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, having
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly House bill No. 896,
making appropriations for the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial expenses ot the Government
for the year ending the 80th of June, 1867, had
come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. KASSON. I now move that when the
House shall again resolve itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union for
the consideration of the special order, all de-
bate upon the pending paragraph be closed in
five minutes.
Mr. KOONTZ. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will withdraw that motion and let
us have an understanding that to-morrow be
devoted to debate on the President's message.
Mr. KASSON. I wish members to consider
the condition of the business of the House.
The consideration of the unavoidable appro-
priation bills will render it impossible for ns
to make the progress that every member de-
sires unless every day during the remainder of
the session shall be given to the transaction of
the regular business. It is necessary that at
least three weeks constant attention should fee
given to the appropriation bills, to the exclu-
sion" of any other that may be presented.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washburne] submit Ms proposi-
tion to the House?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Gentle-
men object to it, and there is no use submitShg
it to the House.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to; And
thereupon (at four o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &e., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of I). J. Baldwin,
and 12 others, citizens ot Michigan City, Indiana, ask-
ing Congress not to withdraw or curtail the circula-
tion of the national currency, <fcc.
Also, the petition of John Conger, and 8 others,
soldier&of the war of 1812, residents of Albion, Michi-
gan, praying for a pension.
By Mr. ALLEY; The petition of Andrew Geyer,
and sundry citizens of Massachusetts, asking that the
law in regard to newspaper postage be so amended as
to allow semi-weekly papers to go -free of pi>s€age
within the county where published.
By Mr. BROOilALL: The petition of sundry citi-
zens of Decatur, Illinois, and also the petition of
citizens of Bement, Piatt county, Illinois, Doth pray-
ing Congress to pas? no law curtailing the currency.
By Mr. DEMING: The petition of cigar manufac-
turers of Hartford, Connecticut, for relief irom ad
valorem tax on cigars.
By Mr. DONNELLY: The petition of Stephen
Hewson, and others, citizens of lsanto county, Min-
nesota, in favor of tho adoption of.an amendment to
theConstatution of the United States giving Congress
the power to regulate suffrage in the States of tho
Union; and providing that no inequality should exist
in the rights of citizens of the United States by rea-
son of birth, race, or color; and that all such inequal-
ities should be immediately removed by Congress in
the District of Columbia, the Territories, and the
lately rebellious State?. -w,,.
By Mr. FARNSWQRTH: The petition of William
Coffin, and others, of Batavia, Illinois, against any
further reduction of the volume of currency, and
against an early return to specie payments.
Also, tho petition of cigar-makers of Aurora, lui-
nois, for a change in the law in regard to stamps, &o.,
of cigars, and other purposes.
By Mr. INGERSOlL: The petition of Mrs. Lydia
Winter, of Bureau county, Illinois, praying for a pen-
S1 Also, the memorial of Francis Dainesc, of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia. , . _
By Mr. HENDERSON: A jonjpresolution of tho
, Legislature of the State ot Oregon, in reference to
I ocean-steam mail service.
j By Mr. HILL: The petition of citizens of Madison,
Indiana, asking a reduction of tho tax on Bianufac-
: ture of cigars. „ . . y a*
t Also, the petition of citizens of Madison, Indiana,
! asking a reduction of tax on manufacture of cigars,
! By Mr. HUMPHREY: The proceedings of arneet-
• ing of the soldiers in the war of 1S12, held at Buffalo,
' New York, on the 8th day of January instant, rceom-
' mending the passage of a law granting pensions to
| ail persons who served in said war to the same extent
; a~s now allowed to soldiers of the war of the Kevolu-
hBv Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: Tho me-
morial of citisens of Claysville and vicinity, in the
county of Washington, Pennsylvania, charging A.
Johnson, aeting President of the United States, with
high crimes and misdemeanor, and asking his lm-
PeAl^fhe"petition of James Dougherty, of Greene
county, Pennsylvania, a soldier of-the war ot Iblz,
foBy°ilr'.°L\'NCU: Tliepetitionof W. I1. Abbot, and
others, for change in tax on cigars, ,
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of John Iloward, and
others, citizens of Milvraukeo county, Wisconsin, for
is,  -   - petition
of firidgct Donovan, guardian of minor children of
William Whelan, deceased, of company H, one hun-
dred and sixth Veteran volunteers.  
By Mr. RAYMOND: The petition of 1® Persons
engaged in the business of dressing fur skins   we
State of New York, nruying for an inort®e.oOlBtiej
on fur skins, dressed and partly dressed, imported
from abroad. • . e 
Also, a similar petition froai dressers of fur skins
in the State of Massachusetts. . ..
Also, a similar petition from dresser* of flu sbias
in Philadelphia.
