422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
■By Mr. SAWYERThe petition of W. Powell, and
90 others, citizens of Oshkosh, Winnebago county,
Wisconsin, praying for the impeachment of Andrew
Johnson, Vice President and acting "President of the
United States.
Also, the petition of James .% Elmore, and 80
others, citizens of Green Bay and Port Howard, Wis-
consin; praying for the improvement of Green Bay
harbor, at the mouth of Foxriver, in the State of
Wisconsin. ,
By Mr. STROUSE: The petition of cigar manufac-
turers at Pottsville, Pennsylvania, for a change in
the tax on cigatsi
Also, two petitions of citizens of Lebanon, Pennsyl-
vania, against any curtailment of the currency, &c.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of William L.
Stoughton, and 77 Others, citizens of Sturgis, St.
- Jcounty, Michigan, against the passage of any
act authorizing the curtailment of the national cur-
rency, or compelling national banks to redeem their
circulating notes in New York, or prohibiting tb em
from paying or receiving interest on bank balances.
By Mr. WARD, of New York: Tho petition of
Noble Hill, and others, of. Steuben county. New
York, for increase of the tariff upon wool.
t By Mr. W ASHBURN, of Massachusetts : The peti-
tion of H. S. Porter, and 53 others, citizens of Hat-
field, Massachusetts, for a reduction of the tax on
cigars, and that the tax be changed from ad valorem
to specific tax.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 12, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
committee of ways and means.
;Mr. MORRILL. I ask unanimous consent
that leave be granted to the Committee of
Ways and Means to sit during the sessions of
the House.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I ask the Chair
whether the members of the committee will
have the right to come in and record their
votes ?
The SPEAKER. Under the ruling of the
previous Congress members of the committee
can come in and have their votes recorded
before the result is announced, but not after-
ward.
There was uo'objection, and leave was granted
to the Committee of Ways and Means to sit
during the session of the House.
reward for jeff. davis.
Mr. UPSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill authorizing the payment of the
reward offered by the President of the United
• States in April, 1865, for the capture of Jeffer-
son Davis; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
union pacific railroad.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to secure the speedy
construction <# the Union Pacific railroad,
southern branch, and telegraph line, and to
secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
james m. bishop.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back House bill No. 496,
for the relief of James M. Bishop, who claims
$236, with the recommendation it do pass.
The bill directs the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury Department to ascertain and
allow to James M. Bishop, of Quincy, Illinois,
for services in March and April, 1863, to finish
the work left undone on the assessment lists in
the fourth district of Illinois by Mr. Lutkin,
an assistant assessor, at his decease, such a
sum as shall be equal to that now fixed by law
to be paid assistant assessors for such service;
the said sum of money, when ascertained, to
be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, and in full for his
claim, with interest since June 1, 1863.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Sneaker, I will state in reference to.this bill it
is for services rendered and deemed to be cor-
rect by the,Department on the decease of the
then assessor or assistant assessor. There was
no law under which the bill could be paid.
The committee thought it was a very just one.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read the third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time and
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
patents for land.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to declare the effect of
certain patents for lands; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
free trade.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means:
Bcaolved, That tho American Government ought to
protect American industry; butif thepeople arecom-
pelled to submit to free trade in the products of agri-
culture, they ought to have at the same time free trade
in tho products of manufacture.
robert m'candless.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill granting a pension to Robert
McCandless; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
rifle cannon.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I ask
unanimous consent to submit the following
preamble and resolution:
Whereas it is alleged that the Navy of the United
States is unprovided with riflo cannon of large cali-
ber corresponding with those used in European ser-
vice; and whereas experiments have been made by
American citizens in the construction of wrought-
iron cannon of large caliber suitable for rifle shot
and calculated to supply the alleged deficiency in tho
naval ordnance of the United States, if any such
deficiency in fact exists :
Resolved, That a select committee of five' members
be appointed from this House, with power to send for
persons and papers and to examine witnesses under
oath, and fully to inquire and report to this House as
to tho facts of such alleged deficiency of rifle cannon
of large caliber in the naval service of the United
States, and to ascertain and report what experiments,
if any, have been made by citizens of tho United
States to supply such deficiency, and the result of
such experiments; and to ascertain and report to this
House what transactions, if any, have Deen made
between tho Secretary of tho Navy or other Depart-
ments of the Government and citizens of the United
States in relation to the construction of wrought-
lron cannon of heavy caliber, and whether there are
any sums equitably due from tho Government in
consequence of such transactions, and to report bv bill
for the payment of the same, and to report by bill or
otherwise such measures as may bo required to place
the Navy of the United States in the supply of rifle
cannon of heavy caliber upon equality with the
navies of Europe.
Mr. KASSON.' I object, and demand the
regular order of business.
morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
commenced, and the first business in order is
the call of the committees for reports of a pri-
vate nature, commencing with the Committee
on Indian Affairs, where the call rested on
yesterday.
abial morrison.
Mi'. HENDERSON, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, reported a bill to indemnify
Abial Morrison, of the State of Oregon, for
property destroyed by hostile Indians in Wash-
ington Territory in the years 1855 and 1856;
which was read a first and second time. The
bill authorizes the payment of 83,492 out of
money due by the United States to the Yakima
and Klikitat tribes of Indians.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read the third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. HENDERSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
movAl that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
- The latter motion was agreed to.
bounties to pennsylvania volunteers.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the payment of bounties
to the soldiers of the one hundred and eighty-
sixth regiment of Pennsylvania volunteers;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
surgeon lewis dyer.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, Senate bill No. 382,
for the relief of Lewis Dyer, late surgeon of
the eighty-first regiment of Illinois volunteers.
The question was upon ordering the .bill to
be read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
proper accounting officer to audit and settle the
accounts of Lewis Dyer, late surgeon of the
eighty-first regiment of Illinois volunteers, and
allow him the pay and emoluments of a sur-
geon of volunteers from the 6th day of April,
1863, to the 26th day of May following, deduct-
ing therefrom any amount which may appear
to have been heretofore paid him by error.
Mr. WARD, of New York. If there is a
report accompanying the bill I ask that it may
be read.
_ The report was read. It states that the peti-
tioner claims pay as surgeon in the United
States Army from the 6th of April, 1863, to
the 26th of May following. It appears in the
evidence that the petitioner was surgeon on
duty with the eighty-first regiment Illinois
infantry, near Vicksburg, on the 6th day of
April, 1863, when, on account of some charges
preferred against him by the regivnental officers,
he was summarily dismissed the service. An
investigation was made at tbe request of Gen-
eral McPherson, which resulted in the res-
toration of the petitioner on the 26th of May
following. It is proved by the statement of
J. H. Baucher, medical director of the seven-
teenth Army- corps, and other officers then in
the service, that the petitioner continued to
perform the duties of surgeon (as if no order
for his dismissal had been made) during the
whole time between the 6th of April, 1863,
and the 2Gth of May following, and that these
services were demanded by the Army then in
the field and in need of surgeons. The peti-
tioner was dismissed the service, without a
hearing, at a time when the Government
needed his services. In view of the necessi-
ties of the service, although under sentence of
dismissal, he appears to have volunteered his
assistance to the officer in command, and his
services were accepted and faithfully ren-
dered. On examination of all the facts in
the ease, the committee are of opinion the
petitioner should be paid, and report the ac-
companying bill.
The bill was then read the third time and
passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the voto
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon tho
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mary a. ripley.
Mr. DEMING, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that the same do not pass, Senate bill
No. 546, for the relief of Mary A. Ripley.
The bill was accordingly laid upon the table.
adverse reports.
On motion of Mr. DEMING, the Committee
on Military Affairs were discharged from the
further consideration o£ the petitions of Peter
Van Ael, of Maximilian Rosenburg, of citizens
of New York for bounty or pensions to hospital
nurses, and of Daniel P. Cilley, chaplaiu of
the twenty-sixth'New York veteran cavalry;
which were laid upon table.
•order of business. *
Mr. INGERSOLL. _ I was absent when the
Committee for the District of Columbia was
called ; I ask unanimous consent that the com-
mittee may now be allowed their regular time
for bills of a private character.
