1186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
we can dispose of it in a short time. My motion
is that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the joint resolution (H. R. No. 235) to amend
an act entitled "An act for enrolling and call-
ing out the national forces, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3, 1863.
Mr. POLAND. I trust that joint resolution
will not be taken up. I am perfectly aware,
having been one of the committee that reported
it, (hat it is a subject which will lead to a dis-
cussion, and take a considerable time. I desire
to bring the bankrupt bill before the Senate
this morning and have a vote upon it, that we
shall determine it finally one way or the other.
It seems to me that |hat bill, having been con-
sidered so much, and having been once put
upon its final passage, I am entitled to have it
taken up and disposed of before new bills are
brought before the Senate which have not been
considered at all. I trust the Senate will not
vote to take up the joint resolution which the
Senator from Illinois proposes to take up, and
that they will come to a vote upon the bankrupt
bill, which I think can be determined in five
minutes.
^ Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust the Senator from
Vermont will not interpose and antagonize the
bankrupt bill against this joint resolution from
the House of Representatives. This joint reso-
lution repeals or suspends a section of a statute
passed some years ago which authorizes the
appointment of commissioners to assess the
amount which should be piiid to the owners
of slaves on account of their slaves having en-
tered the military service of the United States.
I think that section ought to bo repealed. The
House passed some time ago tkis resolution
repealing it; but I understand that commis-
sioners arc engaged in assessing damages under
the former statute, while there is no provision
for paying them. In this way expense is accu-
mulating; a pretense of a claim, at any rate, is
being made against the Government. I hope
the joint resolution will bo taken up and acted
upon.
Mr. WILSON. I agree with the Senator from
"Vermont that we had better not in this morn-
ing hour take up the joint resolution referred
to by the Senator from Illinois. It will take
some time to dispose of it, and I deem it very
important that we should this morning take up
the bankrupt bill upon which we can very soon
come to a vote. I am sure of one tiling, that
the measure which the Senator from Illinois
moves to take up will lead to a debate that will
consume the entire morning, and perhaps not
be settled then.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do you not think wo
ought to settle it at onee?
Air. WILSON. I think it ought to be settled
very soon, in a day or two.
Ah-. TRUMBULL. We may as well take it
up. It will take no more time this morning
than any other morning, unless the Senator
from Massachusetts means that it shall not
come up at all.
Mr. WILSON. I will do nothing to inter-
pose in its way ; but there was an understand-
ing last night that the bankrupt bill should
come upand be voted on this morning in order
that it may go to the other House, as there
maybe occasion for a committee of conference
upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know of no such un-
derstanding. Certainly there was no under-
standing in the Senate on that point.
Mr. POLAND. The Senator from Illinois
says that this joint resolution was passed by
the House of Representatives some days ago.
That is very true; but the bankrupt bill was
passed by the House at the last session, nearly
a year ago, and it is a bill which has been fully
considered, and we are on the question of its
passage, and it could have been disposed of in
half the time we hare taken up in talking on
the question of pi iority. I suggest that it be
allowed to be taken up and voted ou.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not raise the ques-
tion of priority; the Senator from Vermont
raised it. It is for the Senate to determine.
I consider that I Have discharged my duty in
reference to the matter. This is a joint resolu-
tion from the House of Representatives which
came to this House some time ago. They
thought it important that it should be passed,
and that the action of this commissioner in
some of the States should be stopped. There
are reasons, that it is unnecessary to go into
now, why we supposed it important that the
joint resolution should pass at an early day.
it went to the Committee on the Judiciary,
received the favorable consideration of that
committee, and is reported back to the Senate.
I consider it my duty as the organ of the com-
mittee to ask the Senate to consider it. If the
Senate will not do so, I shall have*discharged
my duty. I submit it to the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the joint resolution re-
ferred to by the Senator from Illinois will not
now be taken up. I see that one of the Sen-
ators from Maryland [Mr. Johnson] who takes
a deep interest in that subject, is not in his
seat. The State of Missouri is also considera-
bly interested in the subject, and I see neither
of the Senators from that State in his seat. I
hope those Senators will be permitted to be in
their seats before the Senator from Illinois
calls up that joint resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we ought to
dispose of the bankrupt bill. It now stands
on a motion to reconsider; and if we mean
to pass it at all, it ought to be sent to the
House of Representatives in time for action
there. It has been fully debated, and we ought
not to take much more time in discussing it. I
really think the Senator from Vermont is enti-
tled to have it considered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois, that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of House joint resolution No. 235.
The motion was not agreed to.
tub bankrupt bill.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understood the Senator from New York to
submit a motion.
Mr. HARRIS. I give way to the bankrupt
bill.
Mr. POLAND. I move to take up House
bill No. 598.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. 11.
No. 598) to establish a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy throughout the United States.
The PRESIDENT pro iejtipore. This hill
has boon read three times, and the question is
on its passage.
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. There are one or two
amendments that I desire to move to the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
is not amendable in its present stage.
Mr. WADE. We have tried your amend-
ments and rejected them.
Mr. SUMNER. So was the bill rejected.
I supposed the purpose of the reconsideration
was to give an opportunity to amend the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The vote
of the Senate ordering the bill to a third read-
ing must be reconsidered before the bill can,
under the rules, bo amendable.
Mr. SUMNER. I wasgoing to say, too. there
were two objections, each of a radical charac-
ter, to the bill; and when I make the objections
I do so in good faith, for I am sincerely a friend
of the bill. I have so declared myself and so
voted always. One of the provisions which it
seems to me ought to be introduced into the
bill is whai we will compendiously call the
Massachusetts provision, to the effect that there
3hall be no discharge where the assets do not
amount to fifty per cent, unless a majority of
the creditors consent. That was in the bill as
it came from the House of Representatives,
and ought to be. I am sure, in any well-con-
sidered bankrupt system. Then there is another
amendment which I wisli to see in the bill, and
that is an exclusion of all rebels or persous
who have been in the rebellion from appearing
before the judge as voluntary petitioners for
the benefit of this act. I had the honor of sub-
mitting that proposition when the bill was
under considei ation before. Since then further
reflection has confirmed me in the practical
value of the suggestion. Communications that
I have received from those who are the most
competent to judge of the operation of this
measure are all in one direction. I have re-
ceived important communications from per-
sons eminent in professional and judicial life,
and from others having the most extensive
business relations throughout the South, and
they have, according to my observation, but one
opinion on the importance of excluding all who
have partaken in the rebellion from any par-
ticipation in the benefits of this act, so far at
least as they may have them through their vol-
untary petition.
1 wish the bill was in such a condition that I
could make that motion again, and again have
the judgment of the Senate upon it. 1 do wish
to arrest the course of the Senate at this mo-
ment on a question which I deem of vital im-
portance. I insist that the time has not come
for any such measure of amnesty. These very
rebels are treating our kindred and our coun-
trymen with the most heartless cruelty, and
this is not the moment for us to endow them
with additional opportunities and advantages.
The time lias not come ; it will come, by the
blessing of God, if we are only true to our
duties, and throw the protection of Congress
over those to whom we are under the most sol-
emn obligations ; but to my mind this bill, so
far as it has any operation, is in this respect
an abdication of the solemn duty of protec-
tion which we owe to Unionists at the South.
I call it protection: we ought not to allow
their oppressors to get on their feet and acquire
new power and vigor to carry out their oppres-
sion. I protest against any such concession ;
it is unhappy; it is sinister ; I almost'fecl that
it is inhuman. I wish, therefore, that the bill
was in such a condition that I could repeat
that motion and again have the vote of the
Senate upon it. A Senator says I can move
to reconsider the vote. I am not so situated
that I can do so. I voted with the minority:
I did not vote with the majority. If any Sen-
ator who voted with the majority would move
to reconsider that vote, so that the Senate
might again act upon it, I should be very glad.
I do not wish to take time with it.
Mr. DIXON. I desire to say a single word
in reply to the remarks of the Senator from
Massachusetts in regard to the treatment which
he says is received by Union men in the South
from what he calls the rebels, meaning by that
the whole people of the South who were for-
merly in rebellion. This charge has often been
made; its*-is made every day; it lias gone
through the country, and it is believed gener-
ally by the people that throughout the whole
southern country the men lately in rebellion
are now engaged in one grand conspiracy, as
it would seem, of oppression and abuse against
those who were formerly Union men and against
the blacks. Sir, I wish to say that, in my judg-
ment, from inquiries which I have made, from
testimony satisfactory to my mind, these state-
ments are, to say the least, to use a mild ex-
pression, grossly exaggerated. Sir, there is no
evidence of such a state of things, although the
Senator from Massachusetts has read to us
many anonymous letters, which he may call
evidence. The.re being no evidence whatever
that such a statc\>? things exists at the South,
without meaning of course to apply the remark
to the Senator or to any individual but merely
speaking in the abstract I say the accusation
against the South seems to be a stupendous
falsehood. I saw the other day a gentleman,
formerly a member of Congress from the South,
always a Union man, by whom I was told that
the northern mind was utterly abused on this
subject. He said he knew the charge was be-
lieved, and it seemed impossible to get a con-
radiction, but he declared that the blacks
were as well treated in his State as the whites.
Mr. SUMNER. What State was that?
