THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
the usual remedy which the owner of jpe'rsori'al
property resort .to in a case of trespass or tro-
ver _t<j get a judgment against th'e'ma'ft who has
taken from the owner personal property which
it is adjudged has been improperly taken from
him. He holds it exempt frotn execution. He
setsat defiance the matt ^wfaose rights he has
infringed upon, and who has recovered a judg-
ment against him"; and there is no remedy by
which the plaintiff can collect the amount of
clamages awarded to him by the court. It may
be said, however, that instead of bringing an
action/of trespass and trover the man may
bring an action of replevin and thtts recover the
specific article taken. I answer that it is not
fhe province of the law to encourage expensive
litigation, but to leave the ordinary and usual
action open to every one whose right's of prop-
erty* have been 'infringed upon, and not only
enable him to recover judgment, but enable him
when he has recovered it to enforce it by exe-
cution, and not to enable the other party to
retain the property and set the law at defiance ;
and therefore, in my judgment, this is a proper
limitation.
Mr. INGERSOLL obtained the floor.
. Mr. BROMWELL. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will hear what the
gentleman has to s*ay.
Mr. BROMWELL. I desire to offer the
following amendment to the bill:
The officer charged with the execution of any writ
of attachment or execution shall ascertain the value
and amount of provisions to be allowed to any family
under this act by summoning three householders
of the District, who shall, being first duly sworn by
said officer faithfully to perform their duty, proceed to
set apart the provisions necessary for the debtor's
family, according to this act, if such provisions be
found on the premises or in the possession of the
debtor; and if not, they shall make out a return to
such officer of the value of such provisions, and the
samo shall be,allowed on any property of the debtor.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment of the committee, as
amended, was also agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
in line twenty-one, after the word "library"
to insert the words "not exceeding in value
$400."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was read a third time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. THAYER the title was
amended by striking out the word "the" and
inserting the word "certain;" so as to read,
"An act to exempt certain property of debtors
in the District of Columbia "from levy, attach-
ment, or sale on execution."
NATIONAL UFE AND ACCIDENT INSURANCE.
Mr. MERCUR. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia to ask unan-
imous consent that the Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar be discharged from the
further consideration of Senate bill No. 290, to
incorporate the National Life and Accident In-
surance Company of the District of Columbia.
No objection was made; and the bill was
accordingly read a third time. It declares H.
D. Cooke, Charles Knap, Abram B. Olin, S.
W. Lathrop, S. Powler, John C. Durant, S. A.
Peugh, John McKelvin, C. T. Sherman, Cal-
vin 0. Chaffee, John Murphy, John B. Hutch-
inson, A. M. Clapp, Giles F. Tilley, R. W. La-
tham, and Thomas Hood a corporation under
the above title.
Mr. THAYER. I wish to ask the gentlemen
on the Committee for the District of Columbia
to allow me to move an amendment, in the shape
of a proviso, that no insurance shall be effected
by this company until at least $30,000 of the
capital has been paid in in cash.
Mr. ALLISON. Better make it $100,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Suppose
they do not regard it, how will it appear that
they have not paid it in?
Mr.THAYER. If they were to insure in con-
travention of their charter they would be sub-
jected to instant forfeiture of all the franchises
granted by it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Thatwould
have to be done by a court.
Mr. THAYER. It would be done by a quo
warranto.
Mr. MERCUR. I suggest to my colleague
[Mr. Thayer] that instead of inserting a pro-
viso he move to increase the amount of the
first installmentfrom five dollars to twenty or
twenty-five dollars.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to consult the wishes
of the committee and I will therefore move to
increase the amount of cash required to be paid
on each share to thirty dollars.
Mr. MERCUR. The shares I believe are
fifty dollars.
The SPEAKER. The shares are $100 in'
the bill in the hands of the Clerk.
Mr. THAYER. I ask to have that part of
the bill read.
The Clerk read as follows:
. Said capital stock shall be divided into shares of
$100 each, and there shall be paid into the treasury
of the company by each subscriber to said capital
stock at the time of subscribing an installment of five
dollars on each share of stock subscribed for, and a
further installment of five dollars on each share at
such time thereafter, not less than thirty days from
the former, as this commission or incorporators may
determine.
Mr. THAYER. I move to strike out the
word "five" and insert "thirt)\''
A Member. The whole capital stock is
$1,000,000.
Mr. THAYER. But the minimum is
$100,000, and what I want is to require
$30,000 to be paid in at the outset.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the second section by inserting near
the close, after the word "incorporation," the
words " beyond the full amount of the shares
subscribed for by him;" so that the clause
will read as follows:
But no stockholder of said incorporation shall, in
any event, be liable in his privato capacity for the
debts and liabilities of this incorporation beyond the
full amount of the shares subscribed for by him.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I would ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mercur] whether the
subscription after the payment of the thirty
dollars per share, or the thirty per cent., is to
be secured in any other mode than by the notes
of the subscribers; whether there is any other
tangible security.
Mr. MERCUR. The bill provides—
That the accumulated funds of said company over
and above the expenses, losses, and the guarantee
fund may be invested in bonds, national bank stock,
real estate, bond and mortgage, deeds of trust, or
dividends, as the directors may determine.
Mr. DAYTS. The company is allowed to
go into business on the payment in of $30,000
or $100,000; therefore the public have only
the security of $100,000 in addition to the
security of the makers of the notes or sub-
scribers to the stock. I want to know if there
is any other security.
Mr. ALLISON. As I gatherfrom the read-
ing of the bill, the balance of the subscriptions
must be secured as the incorporators may see
proper to require. That is the provision in
relation to security. Now, I would like to ask
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mer-
Citr] who has charge of the bill a question.
I desire to know from the gentleman whether
or no there is any provision in this bill which
requires this corporation to make a statement
to the public of the condition of their affairs.
Mr. MERCUR. There is a clause requiring
the secretary of the corporation to make an
annual report to the Secretary of the Inferior
showing all the material transactions of the
company.
Mr. ALLISON. . I desire, then, to suggest
a further proviso to the bill. It seems to me
that the operations of this company should be
confined to the District of Columbia; other-
wise this corporation may extend its business
fo every State in this Union without being sub-
ject to the local and State jurisdiction, and the
people throughout the country may have no
accurate^ knowledge of the condition of this
corporation. Now, if it is a corporation de-
signed for the accommodation of the people
of this District its operations should be con-
fined to the District; and I therefore move to
add at the close of the last section of the bill
this proviso :
Provided, That the operations of thccompanyshs.il
be confined to the District of Columbia.
Mr. MERCUR. I take it that all these insur-
ance companies may take risks in any State of
theUnion, subject to the local laws ofthat State,
and even foreign corporations can do the same.
Hence I say that there is no reason for this
amendment, because before in any State they
permit corporations incorporated by Congress
to take risks they will take ample security for
their own citizens. I see no reason why an incor-
poration established by authority of Congress
should have its powers and authority limited
to the District of Columbia. There are insur-
ance companies authorized by virtue of State
legislation in most of the States of the Union,
and this company should stand upon the same
footing with them, subject to the laws of the
several States in which they attempt to oper- .
ate or perform any of their functions. I hope
the House will attach no restrictive clause to
this charter, because it will cripple the opera-
tions of the company.
Mr. ALLISON. It will be claimed by this
company that inasmuch as it is incorporated
by authority of the Congress of the United
States it is not subject, and cannot be made
subject, to State authority; I think, therefore,
that the business of this corporation should be
confined to the District of Columbia, wherethe
Congress of the United States has exclusive
jurisdiction, and I trust my amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. MERCUR. While I think this amend-
ment excessively objectionable, I would per-
sonally make no objection to a clause provid-
ing that all risks taken in any State shall be
subject to the laws of that State. That would
obviate the anticipated objection of the gentle-
man from Iowa, [Mr. Allison ;] but it seems to
me'that a clause restricting the operations of
the company to the District of Columbia would
be unjust and improper.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to move an
amendment to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Iowa, [Mr. Allison*.] I understand
him to propose that a limitation shall be laid
upon the operations of this company which
shall confine them to the District of Columbia.
Now, would it not be fair to allow a corpo-
ration created by Congress to transact its busi-
ness in the States of the Union on an equal
footing with corporations created by the State
Legislatures? In the State of Connecticut,,
for instance, there have been created by the
State Legislature many insurance companies ;
and they are not confined in their operations
to their own State, but come into Illinois and
into all the States, subject to the local laws of
those States, and come in competition with
the local institutions of those States, subject
to such local regulations as the States see
proper to impose upon them. I move the fol-
lowing amendment to the amendment:
That the operations of this company may be ex-
tended to all the States of the Union, subject to the
laws of the lcspective States.
The question was put on the amendment to
(he amendment; and there were—ayes 27, noes
22; no quorum voting.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired. The first business in order is the
consideration of Senate bill No. 456, for the
admission of the State of Nebraska into the
Union, which was pending as unfinished busi-
ness when the House adjourned on Thursday
last.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to postpone the
further consideration of that bill until the joint
resolution for the increased compensation of
