1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1865
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 27, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. William Adams, D. D., of
New York.
On motion by Mr. LANE, and by unanimous
consent, the reading of the Journal of yester-
day was dispensed with.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of the Commissioner of
Agriculture, submitting a memorandum of
matter contained in the Agricultural Report of
I860, for the information of the Committee on
Printing; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of Michigan, who were soldiers in the
late war and lost a leg in the service, praying
the passage of an act for the relief of soldiers
who, having lost a leg in the service, have ob-
tained an artificial leg at their own expense ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. FRELINGHUi'SEN presented a me-
morial addressed to him by Charles H. Bell,
praying that a pension may be granted to Car-
oline Swartwout, sister of the late Commodore
Swartwout, United States Navy; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented a petition of citi-
zens of Rhode Island, praying for the removal
of the five per cent, tax on manufactures;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
LAWS RELATIVE TO THE NAVY.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to postpone all prior
orders, and take up Senate bill No. 509.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The first section declares that so much of the
act to establish the grade of vice admiral in the
United States Navy, approved December 21,
1804, as provides that the vice admiral shall be
the ranking officer in the Navy of the United
States, shall be considered as having been
repealed by the act approved July 25, 1866,
establishing the grade of admiral, who shall be
ttie ranking officer of the Navy ; and the sixth
section of the act last named is so amended
that the secretary of the admiral shall be
entitled to the rank, sea pay, and allowances
of a lieutenant commander in the Navy, such
pay and allowances to date from the accept-
ance of his appointment, deducting any pay
already received by him under that appoint-
ment.
Section two proposes to repeal the acts of
August 5, 1856, and March 8, 1859, giving the
force of law to certain general orders of the
Navy Department establishing the relative
rank of staff officers, and to provide that here-
after the relative rank of staif officers shall be
established by regulations of the Navy Depart-
ment.
The third section provides that the number
of midshipmen authorized by law at the Naval
Academy shall be exclusive of those who, on
the 5th of March of each year, shall be mem-
bers of the graduating class of that year; and
repeals so much of the act to authorize the
Secretary of the Navy to provide for the edu-
cation of naval constructors and steam engi-
neers, and for other purposes, approved July
4, 1864, as provides that cadet engineers, when
appointed, shall be under eighteen years of age,
and shall have been employed at least two years
in the actual fabrication of steam machinery.
Section four provides that the officers of the
"volunteer naval service who are or may be
transferred to the regular Navy, shall be cred- i
ited with tho sea service performed by them
as volunteer officers, and shall receive all the
benefits of such duty, in the same manner as
if they had been during such service in the
regular Navy.
It is provided by the fifth section that the
storekeeper at the Naval Academy shall here-
after be detailed from the paymasters' corps
of the Navy, and shall have authority, with
j the approval of the Secretary of the Navy, to
procure clothing and other necessaries for the
midshipmen, in the same manner as supplies
are now furnished the Navy, to be issued under
such regulations as may be prescribed by the
Secretary of the Navy.
Section sixth proposes to amend the fourth
section of the act to provide a more efficient
discipline for the Navy, approved March 2,
1855, so that the authority therein given to
the commander of any vessel in the Navy to
convene summary courts-martial, shall require
the previous order of the Secretary of the Navy,
and may be suspended or withheld by him,
or by the commander of the squadron to which
the vessel belongs, if without the United States.
Section seven provides that to carry out the
provisions of the eleventh section of the act
for the better government of the Navy of the
United States, approved July 17, 1862, direct-
ing the surplus income from the naval pension
fund to "be applied to the making of further
provision for the comfort of disabled officers,
| seamen, and marines," there shall be paid out
! of that fund to every person who, from age or
I infirmity, is disabled from sea service, but who
| has served as an enlisted person in the Navy
or Marine corps for the period of twenty years,
and not been discharged for misconduct, in
lieu of being provided with a home in the Naval
Asylum, Philadelphia, if he shall so elect, a
sum equal to one half the pay of his rating at
the time he was discharged, to be paid to him
quarterly, under the direction of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions; and applications for such
pension are to be made to the Secretary of the
Navy, who, upon being satisfied that the appli-
cant comes within the provisions of the act, is
is to certify the fact to the Commissioner of
Pensions, and that certificate is to be his war-
rant for making the payment. Any disabled
person who has served in tho Navy or Marine
corps as an enlisted man for a period not less
than ten years, and not been discharged for
misconduct, may apply to the Secretary of the
Navy for aid from the surplus income of the
naval pension fund ; and the Secretary of the
Navy is authorized to convene a board of not
less than three naval officers, one of whom
shall be a surgeon, to examine into the condi-
tion of the applicant and to recommend a suit-
able amount for his relief, and for a specified
time, and upon the approval of such recom-
mendation by the Secretary of the Navy and
certificate thereof to the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, the amount shall be paid in the same
manner as is provided in this section for the
payment to persons disabled by long service in
the Navy ; but no allowance so made is to ex-
ceed the rate of a pension for full disability
corresponding to the grade of the applicant,
nor, if in addition to a pension, exceed one
fourth the rate of such pension.
Section eight provides that the commandant
of the Marine corps shall have the rank and
pay of a brigadier general of the Army.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Naval Affairs was in lines six, seven, eight,
and nine of section six, to strike out the words
" previous order of the Secretary of the Navy,
and may be suspended or withheld by him. or
by the commander of the squadron to which
the vessel belongs, if without the United
States," and in lieu thereof to insert "ap-
proval of the proceedings by the Commander-
in-Chief, when present in port, and in his ab-
sence, that of the senior officer present, in all
cases before carrying the sentence into execu-
tion ; and in all cases where the sentence
involves loss of pay, that part of such sentence
shall be subject to the approval or disapproval
of the Secretary of the Navy."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing additional section:
Skc. 9. And be it farther ertncteil. That the number
of midshipmen allowed at the Naval Academy shall
be one for every member and Delegate of the House
of Representatives, one for the District of Columbia,
ten at large, and twenty-five to be selected annually
from boys enlisted in tho Navy, arid who have been I
one Tear in the service on board a naval ve««el,
! should so many be tound qualified: Provided, hom-
M ever, 1 hat the reduction in the number of midship-
. men herein provided for "-hall not affect any already
appointed: An<l provided further. That so much of
the act of July 14, lijfij, and of July 16, IStiJ, as pro-
vides for the number of midshipmen that may bo
appointed to the Naval Academy, be, and the same
is hereby, repealed.
Mr. GRIMES. _ I move to amend this
amendment by striking out "twenty-five" in
line four and inserting "ten."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Are the ten at large
appointed annually?
Mr. GRIMES. They are.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. In line thirteen of section
one I move to strike out the word "com-
mander;" so as to read: "the secretary of
the admiral shall be entitled to the rank, sea
pay, and allowances of a lieutenant in the
Navy."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. After the word "Navy" in
the third line of the fourth section I move to
amend by adding " or Marine corps;" and at
the end of the section I move to insert the
words " or Marine corps."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to add to the fourth
section the words " and all marine officers
shall be credited with the length of time they
may have been employed as officers or enlisted
men in the volunteer service of the United
States."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move further to amend
the bill by striking out the second section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
| REMOVAL OF CAUSES FROM STATE COURTS.
Mr. HARRIS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 006) to amend an act entitled
"An act for the removal of causes in certain
cases from State courts," approved July 27,
1866, to report it with amendments. As this
is a bill that is unanimously agreed upon by
the Committee on the Judiciary, consisting, as
amended, of a single section of some import-
ance, and, as I think, it can be passed in a
few moments, I ask for its present considera-
tion.
By unanimous consent the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Wholo. It pro-
poses to amend the act approved July 27,1866,
so as to provide that where a suit is now pend-
ing or may hereafter be brought in any court
of any State lately in insurrection in which
there is controversy between a citizen of such
State and a citizen of another State, and the
matter in dispute exceeds $500. exclusive of
costs, such citizen of another State, whether
he be plaintiff or defendant, if he will make
and file in such State court an affidavit stat-
ing that he has reason to and does believe that,
from prejudice or local influence, he will not
be able to obtain justice in such State court,
may, at any time before the final hearing or
trial of the suit. fil<> a petition in such State
court for the removal of the suit into the next
circuit court of the United States to be held in
the district where the suit is pending, and offer
good and sufficient surety for his entering in
such court, on the first day of its session, copies
of all process, pleadings, depositions, testi-
mony, and other proceedings in the suit, and
doing such other appropriate sets as, by the
act of July 27. 1866, are required to be done
upon the removal of a suit into the United
States court: and it shall be thereupon the
duty of the State court to accept the surety
and proceed no further in the suit: and the
copies being so entered in such court of the
United States, the snit shall there proceed in
