1860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
the same manner as if it had been brought
there by original process; and all the provis-
ions of the act to which this act is amendatory
respecting any bail, attachment, injunction, or
other restraining process, and respecting any
bond of indemnity, or other obligation given
upon the issuing or granting of any attachment,
injunction, or other restraining process, are to
apply with like force and effect in all respects
to similar matters, process, or things in the
suits for the removal of which this act pro-
vides.
The second section provides that the plead-
ings in the suit, or copies thereof when trans-
ferred, shall have, in the courts of the United
States, for evidence and for all purposes what-
ever, the same force and effect which the origi-
nal pleadings would have had in the State court
under the laws and practice thereof existing
at the time of the commencement of the suit
therein ; and in all other respects the rules of
evidence applicable to the suit, in its progress
and on its trial, prevailing in the State court,
under the laws and practice of the State and
its courts in force at the time of the com-
mencement of the suit therein, shall be appli-
cable to it, and shall govern it in the courts of
the United States, any law or practice to the
contrary notwithstanding ; but no person is to
be excluded from testifying, or be deemed in-
competent as a witness, on account of his color
or race, in any suit or proceeding provided for
by this act.
The first amendment of the Committee on
the Judiciary was in section one, line seven, to
insert "State" before "court;" after "court"
to strike out "of any State lately in insurrec-
tion;" and in line nine to strike out "such"
and insert "the;" so as to make the clause
read:
That where a suit is now pending or may hereafter
be brought in any State court in which there is con-
troversy between a citizen of the State and a citizcn
of anothor State, and the matter in dispute exceeds
the sum of 8500, exclusive of costs, such citizen of an-
other State, whethor he be plaintiff or defendant, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
second section of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 502) to amend an act entitled "An act for
the removal of causes in certain cases from
State courts," approved July 27, 1866, asked
to be discharged from it^, further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the motion to
print two hundred and fifty additional copies
of the bill (S. No. 026) to authorize the crea-
tion of a Board of Survey of the Navy, reported
in favor of printing the same ; and the report
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the resolution to print ten thou-
sand additional copies of the letter of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting to the
House of Representatives the report of James
W. Taylor upon gold and silver mines east of
the Rocky mountains, for the use of the Sen-
ate, one thousand of the same to be placed at
the disposal of the Secretary of the Treasury,
reported it without amendment, and the reso-
lution was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 92.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive reports of committees as still in
order.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 265) amendatory of the act approved
July 4, 1864, entitled "An act to restrict the
jurisdiction of the Court of Claims," &c.,
reported adversely thereon, and moved its
indefinite postponement: which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom were referred thefollow-
ing subjects, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration: which was agreed to :
A petition of citizens of New Hampshire, pray-
ing such an amendment of the Constitution of
the United States as will prohibit legislation in
any State or Territory making a distinction
among the citizens thereof on account of race,
birth, or color;
A petition of employes of the Executive
Departments of the Government, praying that
the term of office now held in any of the De-
partments by honorably discharged soldiers
may be fixed to continue during good beha-
vior ;
Resolutions of the Legislature of Kansas, in
favor of such an amendment of the Constitu-
tion of the United States as will provide for the
election of United States Senator by the quali-
fied electors of the State Legislatures; and
A memorial of William Cornell Jewett, pray-
ing that Hannibal Hamlin may be declared bv
Congress constitutional President of the United
States of America, under section two, article
one, of the Constitution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2) to
amend the act declaring the officer who shall
act as President of the United States in case
of vacancies in the office both of President and
Vice President, approved March 1, 1792; and
to whom was also referred a resolution of the
Senate instructing the committee to inquire
what additional legislation is necessary to pro-
vide for the succession to,the presidential office
in case of the death or disability of the person
upon whom it may devolve by the Constitution
or the laws, report them back with a recom-
mendation that they be indefinitely postponed.
There is some difference of opinion in the com-
mittee as to the character of the law which
ought to be passed, and it is so late in the ses-
sion that it is thought no bill can be matured
at the present session. The convening of the
new Congress on the 4th of March it was
thought by the committee obviated, perhaps, the
necessity of immediate action. With that view
this report is made to postpone the matter at
the present session.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am very sorry indeed
that the chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary moves the indefinite postponement
of this bill. It seems to me one of vary great
importance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I stated the reason, that
there was some difference of opinion in the
committee as to the proper law which should
be passed. A bill has come to us from the
House on this subject, but it is so late in
the session that the committee were of opinion
that a proper bill could not be matured and
passed during the few remaining days of this
session; and as Congress is to convene again
on the 4th of March next, it obviated the neces-
sity which was supposed to exist to some ex-
tent for legislation at all, as we shall then have
an organized Congress: but at any rate the
subject could be then considered. The com-
mittee are not opposed to some action on the
subject; but it was in consequence of the late
period at which the House bill came to us that
we thought it better not to try to have action
at the present session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the indefinite postponement of the
bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish the Senator would
let it go over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection.
Let it go on the Calendar.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
will be pursued.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 589) to declare valid and conclu-
sive certain proclamations of the President
and acts done in pursuance thereof, or of his
orders, in the suppression of the late rebellion
against the United States, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, who
were instructed by a resolution of the Senate
to investigate and consider what legislation, if
any, is necessary to secure the enforcement
of the laws and the protection of citizens of
the United States in their civil and political
rights in the Territory of Utah, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be postponed indefinitely ; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills, reported
adversely thereon, and moved their indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to :
A bill (S. No. 301) regulating the service of
final proccss in suits at law and of orders and
decrees in equity of courts of the United States
in places out of their jurisdictional limits;
A bill (S. No. 572) fixing the time for choos-
ing electors of President and Vice President
of the United States ; and
A bill (S. No. 599) relinquishing the claim
of the United States to certain real estate in
W ashington city of which Caroline Hill died
seized.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am also directed by
the Committee on the Judiciary, who were
instructed by a resolution of the Senate to in-
quire what legislation is necessary for the pro-
tection of loyal citizens of the United States
whose property has been confiscated by the
so-called confederate government, to report it
back with a recommendation that it be post-
poned indefinitely. Several bills upon that
subject have already been passed, and it was
thought by the committee that all the action
had taken place which we could enact at the
present session.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 956) to enforce the thirteenth amendment
of the Constitution of the United States, have
directed me to report it back and recommend
its indefinite postponement. The same subject
was before the committee in the form of a reso-
lution, which was reported back with the same
recommendation. We think the whole subject
is covered by the civil rights bill.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. The joint resolution (H. R.
No. 297) instructing the Secretary of the In-
terior to order a survey of a bridge or bridges
across the Potomac river was referred, evidently
by mistake, to the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds. It should have been referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
I move that the first-named committee be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 489.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports
from committees are still in order.
Mr. HOWARD. I have a report to make,
and it is one in which the Senator from Kansas
is somewhat interested. The Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 267)
for the reduction of the military reservation
of Fort Riley, and to grant land for bridge
purposes to the State of Kansas, have had it
under consideration, and directed me to report
it back and recommend its passage; and I ask
the Senate to take it into present considera-
tion. It will occupy no time I apprehend.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the joint reso-
lution the day it is reported.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate yesterday
had under consideration a bill to establish a
department of education. We did not com-
plete it; and I trust we shall be permitted to
take it up and finish it this morning; and re-
luctant as I ain to object to considering this
