426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
January 12,
Union .1 move that:all debate on the paragraphs
relating to the Department of Agriculture be
closed in twenty minutes after the 'committee
shall resume the consideration of the legisla-
tive^ &cv, appropriation bill. "
Th^'motion was agreed to.
•Mr. KASSON moved that the rules be sus-
Bended, and the House; resolve itself into the
!6mmittee of the. Whole on the state of the
■Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Lawrence, of Pennsylvania, in the chair,)
and; resumed the consideration of House bill
No, 896, making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1867.
The Chairman stated the pending amend-
ment to be as follows:
On pago 33, lino soven hundred and eighty-six,
strike out "eighty" and insert " forty-five;" so that
it will road:
For purchaseof cereal, vegetable, and flower-seeds,
and for labor in putting up seed, seed-bags, and mis-
cellaneous items, $45,000.
He also stated that debate by order of the
House was limited to twenty minutes on the
pending subject.
Mr. BIDWELL. Mr. Chairman, in the de-
bate which occurred yesterday on this question
allusions were made to the investigation pend-
ing before the Committee on Agriculture. The
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill] ap-
pealed to me as chairman of that committee to
corroborate what he said. I wish to state in
advance it is not my purpose to exaggerate or
to misrepresent anybody. His question was
very general and my answer was general.
Jn addition, I will state now that I will not
corroborate all of the fects enumerated in every
■particular; but I will say, speaking generally,
that I believe the case will prove to be more
unfavorable than he stated it. But in saying
this I do not feel at liberty to so declare as
chairman of that committee, for the reason that
the majority of the committee differed from me.
In stating this, 1 state it as an individual mem-
ber of that committee, and as my own private
opinion on that question.
It was my intention, Mr. Chairman, to reply
to an intimation from the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr,trowbridge] that I was in a
minority on that committee. I never denied
it. I will prosecute what I consider to be my
duty in the investigation of the subject referred
to that committee by this House though I may
be in the minority. I am proud to be in a
minority so long as I consider myself conscious
of doing my duty. We differed on that com-
mittee, differed in opinion, and doubtless we
differed honestly in opinion. And if any one
has the curiosity to know whether my judgment
was correct or the judgment of the majority
of the committee, all they have to do is to call
for the testimony taken before that committee.
It was also my purpose to refer to a remark
made, Mr. Chairman, byyourselfj but on look-
ing over the report in the Globe I feel inclined
to believe I was mistaken. I thought the gen-
tleman, in alluding to the chairman of the com-
mittee and his difference with the majority of
that committee, inveighed against the minority
of the committee. In reading the language I
am happy to say I do not think it will bear that
construction.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I beg to say I hope
this appropriation will not be cut down. It
would be like cutting down the appropriation
for the War Department or any other Depart-
ment of this Government simply because the
head of it may be exceptionable. I think the
great agricultural interests of this country re-
quire this appropriation should be made.
I beg leave to say that the gentleman from
New York [Mr.'VAir Aernam] has an amend-
ment to make to this item in the appropriation
bill, which I think should meet with the con-
currence of the committee. I suppose it is in
order to move an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It will be. . I
Mr. BIDWELL. It is known to every one
there is a valuable and interesting collection
in the Department of Agriculture belonging to
the entomologist, Mr. Glover, which he has
spent years in forming, he. being a highly sci-
entific gentleman. It certainly would prove
of great value to the agricultural interest of
the country. It will form the nucleus of one
of the grandest museums in the world.
I think in making appropriations for the
Department of Agriculture, a certain amount
should be set apart in order to collect speci-
mens of natural history, especially those which
concern agriculture. This collection is now
about the only interesting thing in the Depart-
ment, and I hope the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York will be agreed to.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Mr. Chairman, I de-
sire to address myself for a moment or two to
the amendment before the House, which is to
reduce the appropriation for the collection and
distribution of seeds by the Department of Agri-
culture from $80,000 to $45,000. Last year
there was appropriated for this purpose the sum
of $65,000. This year the Department ask for
an increase of $15,,000. I understand the rea-
son is that they desire to extend the field of
distribution of these seeds into the region lately
in rebellion. I apprehend the mere statement
of this fact, coupled with the knowledge of mem-
bers of the House of the condition of that coun-
try, recently overrun by four years of devastating
war, and cut off during all that time from the
advantages of this distribution of seeds, will be
sufficient to commend and justify the appro-
priation. While perhaps no member of the
House will go further than I will in regard to
the political restoration or reconstruction of
these. States, I assume that it is the interest of
this country to encourage in every possible way
the development of agriculture; and that is all
that is proposed in this appropriation.
I desire to say one word in regard to the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Delano] to discontinue this Department be-
cause the head of it does not exactly suit him.
I have before me the bill creating and estab-
lishing this Department, and by an examina-
tion of it I find that the present Commissioner
has discharged his entire duty under it; and if
there is any fault to be found it is with Con-
gress for not having more extensively provided
for the necessities of the Department. I admit
that a reorganization of that Department—and
perhaps of some other Departments—by mak-
ing the head of it a Cabinet officer, would be
a very desirable tl jng ; but I do not think we
have arrived at that stage of development of
the Department to provide for that. It may
be proper at some future time; but since the
organization of the Department this country
has been directing its attention entirely to the
prosecution of a great war. The Department is
growing up and making itself useful, and in a
very short time, perhaps, it will be necessary to
reorganize it on a much more extensive scale.
But until it is reorganized I claim that a plain,
practical business man is better at the head
of it than a scientific man, as suggested yester-
day. I trust the House will leave the appro-
priation as it stands—$80,000. That certainly
is not a large amount to be spent for this pur-
pose.
Mr. DELANO. I have an amendment which
I desire to offer—to add at the end of line seven
hundred and ninety-one the following proviso:
Provided, That no money shall hereafter bo paid
to the present Commissioner on account of his salary,
except so much as may bo duo for past services.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not now in order.
Mr. DELANO. Then I will make my re-
marks without offering it. I want to be dis-
tinctly understood as not participating in the
accusations of dishonesty or want of integrity
on the part of the man who administers this
Department. I do not stand here to defend
him against such charges, but I desire dis-
tinctly to be understood as not joining in them.
I do not know whether they are true or not;
but_I do aver that it is the universal sentiment
of the agriculturists of the country that he is
incompetent for the position he holds, and
there is a general feeling and desire that he
should be removed.
_ The interest that he represents I took occa-
sion to allude to yesterday as of vast import-
ance. We have frequently given public lands
for agricultural schools, and the whole amount
so given will reach the sum of about five mil-
lion dollars. The proceeds are in the hands
of the State Legislatures, and are being used
for the purpose of disseminating knowledge
among agriculturists; and the time has comc
when we should all look more to the culture of
that interest and bestow upon it that legislation
which its importance demands. That can never
be done', in my opinion, while this Department
is in the hands of the present incumbent.
I will give you an instance of his intelligence—
I have it from a former member of this House,
now high in office: being in conversation with
him some time ago on the subject of the origin
and nativity of the Irish potato, to test the old
gentleman's knowledge he asked him what his
opinion was on the subject. Assuming a gravity
that the occasion demanded, the Commissioner
said: "It is a subject upon which I have be-
stowed a great deal of atteution and much
reading, but have not fully come to a conclu-
sion in regard to it; but my best opinion is, that
it originated in Pennsylvania/' [Laughter.]
I do not know, sir, if that was the reason
that you found it necessary yesterday to come
down from the Chair and defend this officer.
[Laughter.]
Mr. THAYER. Can the gentleman prove
that it is not so ? [Laughter.]
Mr. DELANO. What is the name of that
beautiful stream in Pennsylvania where some
variety of this potato is said to have been cul-
tivated once ? Ah, the Neshannock.
But enough upon that subject. I only
alluded to .this as one of numerous instances
of the same kind, and I say that it is a dis-
grace to the country that this man should
be forced on the agricultural interest; it is
lamentable that the President of the United
States, who can find time to permeate the
land with spies to find out who is going to vote
for officers who will sustain his "policy," can-
not find time to take this man's case in hand
and provide properly for this great and import-
ant interest. I hope, therefore, as we have
no other way of reaching this matter, that the
House will apply this principle of withholding
the supplies which was applied at the last
session in the case of the minister to Por-
tugal.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KASSON obtained the floor. _
Mr. BROMWELL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question for information. The chair-
man of the Committee on Agriculture [Mr.
Bidwell] has stated here that the evidence
taken before his committee more than con-
firms the charges brought by the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] against the Com-
missioner; thathewanted thatevidencebrought
before the House ; but that the committee does
not desire to bring that evidence here, and sev-
eral members of the committee have appeared
before the House in vindication of the Commis-
sioner. I would inquire now why that evidence
is withheld from the House if these gentle-
men really wish to vindicate the Commissioner
of Agriculture, and the evidence taken tends to
his exculpation?
Mr. KASSON. That is not a question ad-
dressed to the committee of which I am a mem-
ber but to.another committee, and I cannot
answer it. I will yield now to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] for a few
moments.
Mr. STEVENS. I have but a word to say
in relation to this matter. The appropriation
asked for by the bureau was $00,000. The
Committee on Appropriations reduced it to
$80,000. By the vote taken here the other
day, authorizing cereals to be collected in New
York, I have no doubt but that the appropria-
tion may be still further reduced $10,000. 1
