1190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
thank God that there is improvement. I hope
it will go on; and*! believe that if Congress is
firm, and the people are firm, in spite of any
action or any decisions that make blood flow,
as certain actions and certain decisions have
made blood flow, we shall correct these things,
establish order, and bring about a time when
men who murder poor men for no offense can
be brought to punishment in all parts of our
country. But i do not think that any Senator
here or any member of the other House has
during this session stated, or can state, one
fifth part of the outrages, the wrongs, and the
murders that have been committed on men in
the rebel States for no offense.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator from Massachu-
setts, I know, does not intend to misrepresent
me. He says it is too late for any man to stand
here and defend or apologize for the crimes
which he says have been committed in the South.
I desire that Senator and the Senate to under-
stand that I do not defend, nor do I apologize
for any outrage or wrong. What I do—I may
be mistaken ; the evidence may be adduced—
is not to defend, but to deny the existence of the
crime. I say the charge is not proven. I do
not believe that the whole South is so utterly
lost to all sense of justice, so utterly depraved
as to have turned against the helpless colored
men who hav<? formerly been their slaves. I
believe, on the contrary, from the evidence
which I receive, that as a general thing they
are treating them with kindness; that the
former slaves are generally, or at least in a
vast number of instances, living with their old
masters on terms of friendship and brother-
hood. I believe that; and believing it, Intake
the liberty to say so. 1 should not apologize
for a different state of things.
Mr. SUMNER. How is it with the white
Unionists of the South? Are they well treated?
Mr. DIXON. _ In the first place, with regard
to the white Unionists of a great portion of
those States they are myths ; they do not exist
and never did. Wo saw them all. They trav-
ersed the northern country last year. Of their
character I will not speak. One of th6m_, their
leader, has been characterized this morning. I
take it that about the whole representation of
the original Union party of tho South was ex-
oxhibited last fall in their progress—triumphal
progress, if you please to call it so—through
the northern country, and some of them proved
on inquiry to have been original secessionists.
When you speak of tho original Union men of
the South you speak of that which really in
point of fact never existed to any considerable
extent. There was a body of men at tho South
who were opposed to secession, but they finally
assented to secession. They took tho ground
that they; must go with their States, and they
did go with their States; and those wero what
might be called original Union men. But as
to the Union men of the South who resisted
secession to the last, who refused to go with
their States, inGeorgia, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Mississippi, and Alabama, we know
they were not to bo found. We know very well
that the whole South was finally almost a unit
in this war against us. Of course, the Senator
may say I am apologizing for that. I am stat-
ing a fact; that was the fact, and everybody
knows it. So when we are told to-day about
Union men being maltreated it must be north-
ern men, if the term means anything, who have
gone to reside there since the war. In proof
of that, if there is any proof necessary, I will
read an extract from a report of a distinguished
general, Carl Seliurz, who traveled in that coun-
try and made a report. .Under the head of
" returning loyalty" hehasseveral paragraphs
on this subject, m which he shows that the
South is divided into several classes, and as to
original Union men there are none. He says:
"Those statements are naturally not intended to
apply to all the individuals composing the southern
people. There are certainly many planters who be-
fore the rebellion treated their slaves with kindness,
and who now continue to treat them as free laborers
in the same manner. There are now undoubtedly
many plantations in the South on which the rela-
tions between employers and employes are based
upon mutual good will. There are oertainly many
people there who entertain the best wishes for the
welfare of the negro race, and who not only never
participated in any acts of violence, but who heartily
disapprove them. I have no doubt a large majority
can, as to actual participation—not, however, as to
the bitter spirit—offer a good plea of not guilty. But
however large or small a number of people may be
guilty of complicity in such acts of persecution those
who are opposed to them have certainly not shown
themselves strong enough to restrain those who per-
petrate or favor them. So far the spirit of persecu-
tion has shown itself so strong as to make tho protec-
tion of the freedman by the military arm of the
Government in many localities neccssary—in almost
all desirable. It must not be forgotten that in a
community amajorityof whoso members are peacea-
bly disposed, but not willing or not able to enforce
peace and order, a comparatively small number of
bold and lawless men can determine the character
of the whole. The rebellion itself, in some of the
southern States, furnished a striking illustration of
this truth."
As I said before, we desire the truth on this
subject. If it were true that a state of things
existed in the southern country such as has
been depleted by the Senators from Massachu-
setts, humanity would shudder at the idea.
Sir, human nature is not capable of the infamy
which is charged on the South. Pandemonium
would be a paradise compared with such a
country. As a member of the human family,
I protest against such a belief unless it is proved.
I have seen southern men; I have conversed
with them ; I have sat with them in this and
the other Chamber. I know that they are mis-
led, deluded, misguided. Heaven knows how
deeply they have been misled, how misguided,
and Heaven knows how they have suffered.
Their offense has been great, and terribly have
they answered it.
But, sir, is it necessary for the Senator from
Massachusetts, with the influences he has at
tho North, to impress the public mind with a
greater idea of the enormity of their crimes
than the truth demands? I think there is, to
a certain extent, a bad state of things there;
but is it necessary that not only our own peo-
ple, but that the world should believe that ten
million people in the South are given up to
plunder, rapine, and murder, and every possi-
ble enormity of which human nature is capa-
ble? It is utterly useless for gentlemen to say
it does not amount to this. This is the charge;
this is what you say ; and you say that in con-
sequence of it it is necessary to wipe out every
vestige of civil government, every idea of re-
publicanism there, and place those people
under a military government. That is what
is said here.
I know it is easy for the Senator to excite a
prejudice against me. I know he may possi-
bly, unintentionally, induce the people whom
I represent to suppose that I stand here as an
apologist for crime. I do not wish to stand
under that imputation. I am an apologist for
no crime. But I will say here and elsewhere
that in my judgment such is tho prejudice
which has been excited in the minds of certain
gentlemen, perhaps some of them on this floor,
that it is utterly impossible for them to look at
this question with candor. Candor is the rarest
virtue in the human character. I see fifty con-
scientious men to one candid man. Few there
are, indeed, who can look at this question can-
didly._ It is very easy to join the crowd and
go with the popular idea that our southern
brethren (and even to call them ''brethren"
is a crime) have become fiends; that they are
no longer human beings; that they aye mur-
dering negroes daily, and, as a gentleman said
in the House of Representatives the other day
in a speech, as I see reported in the Globe,
shooting them_ down for amusement. Sir, I
do not believe it. I do not believe one word
of it. I deny it; and those who bring the
charge against these people are bound to prove
it. It is_ not enough to assert what General
Grant thinks, what General Schofield thinks,
what General Sheridan thinks ; let them state
what they think publicly in their reports, and
when they have so stated it then I agree that
is testimony. The Senator's statement of his
belief, well informed as he is, is not testimony.
But, sir, it would require all the testimony that
has ever been concentrated upon any given
point to convince me that human nature has
come to that degree of depravity, to which we
must suppose it has come, if what the Senator
from Massachusetts says is true of the southern
people.
Mr. LANE. I have hitherto contented my-
self with giving a silent vote upon the various
amendments to this bankrupt bill and upon
the passage of the bill itself, and now shall
only detain the Senate for a very few moments
to present my objections to its passage.
I read in the Constitution «of the United
States that Congress shall have power to enact
a uniform system of bankruptcy. In looking
to the grant of power in the Constitution of the
United States we must look to the contempora-
neous and antecedent history of legislation on
the subject of bankruptcy, and particularly to
the bankrupt laws of England, from which we
have derived our notions, not only upon that,
but upon almost every other subject of commer-
cial legislation. The grant of power is to pass
a uniform system of bankruptcy; first, it was to
be uniform ; secondly, a system of bankruptcy.
Why the introduction of the word " uniform?"
Simply because under the Articles of Confed-
eration each State of the Confederation claimed
and possessed the right to legislate upon this
subject, and they had made insolvent or bank-
rupt laws different in their character. Hence,
the necessity of requiring that the system should
be uniform.
But it was to be a system of bankruptcy
then known and ascertained by judicial pro-
ceedings, and by the history of bankrupt legis-
lation in England. What was that system?
A prospective system from the beginning, and
an involuntary system, without any right of
the debtor by his own motion to release him-
self from debt. Then, to make this law con-
stitutional you must have in view the English
system of bankruptcy, which must have been
in tho contemplation of the framers of the
Constitution, and you must have the further
provision of uniformity.
The bill now proposed to be passed is in con-
travention of the whole English system of
bankruptcy. There has grown up there during
a long period of time a system well-digested,
looking only to the future, and not proposing
any retroactive action. The English system
of bankruptcy, therefore, is wholly distinct
from the system now proposed; because this
system has a retrospective feature, and has also
the voluntary feature.
Then, I do not suppose that Congress has the
power to pass this bill; first, because it is retro-
spective in its operations; secondly, because
it contains the voluntary clause under which
the debtor can relieve himself from all hi3
debts. I do not suppose this bill to be consti-
tutional because it is not uniform in its opera-
tion. You have already adopted a provision
that property exempt from execution and home-
steads exempt from execution by the. different
State laws shall not be surrendered in bank-
ruptcy. That at once makes the system any-
thing else but uniform, for every single State
has a different system of exemption. Then it
cannot be uniform, and therefore is unconsti-
tutional. It is retrospective and contains the
voluntary clause, and therefore cannot be con-
stitutional, if we believe the framers of the Con-
stitution to have had in view the English sys-
tem of legistation on this subject.
These to me are controlling reasons why I
shall vote against the present bill. I have
another, and an all-sufficient reason to me. I
have old-fashioned notions as to the honesty
and morality of the obligation of debts. I be-
lieve when a man contracts a debt he owes that
debt till he pays it, and that a Legislature can-
not, without impairing the obligation of con-
tracts, interfere between the debtor and the
creditor. We are all alike, debtorand creditor,
citizens of the same Government, and the Gov-
ernment owes precisely the same protection to
the one as it does to .the other. I believe, fur-
thermore, that the effect of such a bill aa this
will only be temporary in its character. It will
enable the wild and reckless speculator, the
adventurer, and those who do not feel the obli-
