1867.
10E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
have to say as to my district that we look
upon this item of appropriation as of more
value than all the rest of your legislation put
together.
I do not care whether the Irish potato was
raised originally in Pennsylvania or not, but I
should like some gentleman who is wiser than
Mr. Newton to tell me where it did originate.
I do not think my learned-friend from Ohio
(Mr. Delano) or anybody else can tell us as
to that. I believe it originated in the West
Indies or in Pennsylvania; but I say that the
ignorance of the Commissioner of Agriculture
on that subject is an ignorance in common with
every member of this House. Nobody knows
any better.
Mr. DELANO. Did the gentleman ever
hear that it originated in Pennsylvania ?
Mr. STEVENS. I think so. I believe it
was alleged long ago that it originated some-
where in the lower part of the State.
Now, sir, all I have to say is, that we are
not trying the head of this bureau. These
appropriations are for carrying on the Depart-
ment. If the present head of the bureau is
not a proper man for the place, let us. take the
proper means to get a proper man put there ;
but do not let us strike down the Department.
I do not wonder at the course *of the gentle-
man from Vermont, (Mr. Morrill,) who has
always opposed these agricultural appropri-
ations. What use are they to people up there
in Vermont? Can you sow seeds upon rocks
and stones? I know that these appropriations
are not useful there, and I am not surprised at
the opposition which my friend lias made to
them from the beginning; but, depend upon
it, if the people want anything at our hands
it is the continuation of this agricultural appro-
priation and the dissemination of these seeds.
There may be some worthless things distrib-
uted. There always will be under such cir-
cumstances.
As I said before, I did not rise to defend j
the integrity of this officer. That I believe
is above reproach. His energy is beyond
doubt His science is not in question here.
I believe that he has infused more vigor into
this bureau since he has been there than any
scientific man would have done bending over
his crucibles night and day. He is a man of
business ; but we are not trying him. If you
want to try him go before the proper tribunal;
but give the appropriation necessary to carry
on his office. What kind of legislation would
it be for ns to withhold the appropriations for
the Army and Navy because we do not like the
heads of those Departments ?
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
debate is now closed on this-paragraph.
The question was upon the pending amend-
ment, to strike out the word "eighty" and
insert "forty-five." so that the clause, if
amended, will read as follows:
For purchase of cereal, vegetable, and flower seeds,
and for labor in putting up seeds, seed-bags, and mis-
cellaneous items, $45,000.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "$45,000" and
inserting "$60,000." That was the sum I
originally moved.
The question was taken upon the amendment
to the amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The question was then taken upontheamend-
ment; and upon a division, there were—ayes 21,
noes 86.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by strik-
ing out "§80,000" and inserting "$90,000,"
the amount estimated for by the head of the
Bureau of Agriculture. I think, after the
debate which we have had here, we should
appropriate the amount asked for.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope this item will be
left as the committee reported it, although the
original estimate was cut down $10,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. Very well. I will -with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. I move to amend
this clause by adding the following:
Provided further. That 810,000 of the foregoing ap-
propriation be used for the purchase of the Glover
museum, and $3,000 for the capture and experiment
in the domestication of the American fur-bearing
animals: And provided further, That the Commis-
sioner shall, on or before the 15th day of December
of each year hereafter, make a report in detail to
Congress of the moneys expended by him.
Mr. KASSON. I ask for a division of the
amendment; and that the vote be first taken
upon the appropriation for the Glover mu-
seum.
The question was accordingly stated to be
upon the following clause:
Provided further That $10,000 of the foregoing ap-
propriation be used for the purchase of the Glover
museum.
Mr. BIDWELL. I move to amend this
clause by inserting before "$10,000" the
words " not exceeding."
Mr. VAN AERNAM. I accept that amend-
ment.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the words "and $3,000 for the capture
and experiment in the domestication of the
American fur-bearing animals."
Mr. KASSON. I would inquire if the ques-
tion, under my call for a division, is not now
upon the item in relation to the purchase of
the Glover museum?
The CHAIRMAN. That is the first ques-
tion.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope that we may have
some explanation of what the Glover museum is.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not now in
order except by unanimous consent.
Mr. SPALDING. I object to any debate.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the first
clause of the amendment of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Van Aernam] by striking out
the words "of the foregoing appropriation," so
as to make this an independent appropriation.
The question was taken upon the amendment
to the first clause of the amendment; and there
were, upon a division—ayes 48, noes 16; no
quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN appointed Mr. Kasson
and Mr. Bidwell to act as tellers.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 67, noes 35.
So the amendment to the first clause of the
amendment was agreed to.
The question was then taken upon the clause
as amended; and upon a division, there were—
ayes 48, noes 41; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN appointed Mr. Taylor,
of Nesv York, and Mr. Cook, to act as tellers.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes 58, noes 39.
So the clause, as amended, was agreed to.
The question again recurred upon the next
clause of the amendment offered by Mr. Van
Aernam, as follows:
And $3,000 for the capture and experiment in the
domestication of the American fur-bearing animals:
And provided further. That the Commissioner shall, on
or before the loth day of December of each yearhere-
after.makeareport in detail to Congressof the moneys
expended by him.
Mr. jSENJAMIN. I move to amend by
adding the following:
Provided further. That no portion of this appro-
priation need be expended in the capture and domes-
tication of the fur-bearing animal known as the
polecat. [Laughter.]
Mr. KUYKENDALL. Is that the right
name?
The amendment of Mr. Benjamin was not
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the second clause
of the amendment of Mr. Van Aernam.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. I hope the commit-
tee will give me the privilege of making a brief
explanation of this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. That requires unani-
mous consent.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. As I am not per-
mitted to make a word of explanation, I ask
leave to withdraw the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
do that now, as the committee have already
acted upon a portion of the amendment.
Mr. BROOMALL. I ask for a division of i
the question, and that it be first taken upon the
portion of the amendment relating to fur-bear-
ing animals.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is not susceptible of
division.
Mr. BROOMALL. Is it in order to move
to strike ont the port-on relating to far-bearing
animals?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. BROOMALL. Then I move to amend
the amendment by striking out the words;
"and $3,000 for the capture and experiment
in the domestication of American fur-bearing
animals;" so that the amendment will read:
And provided further. That the Commissioner shaM,
on or before the 15th day of December in each year
hereafter, make a report in detail to Congress of all
moneys expended by him.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Chairman, what has
become of the amendment in regard to pole-
cats?
The CHAIRMAN. Ithasbeen voted down.
Mr. NIBLACK. I only desired to suggest
that the polecat is not a fur-bearing, but a far-
smelling animal. [Laughter.]
Mr. Broomall's amendment to the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
The Clerk, resuming the reading of the bill,
read the following:
For propagation and distribution of plants, cut-
tings, and shrubs, $14,000: Provided, That the propa-
gation of plants, cuttings, and shrubs shall be con-
fined to such as are adapted to general cultivation
and to promote the general interests of horticulture
and agriculture throughout the United States.
For experimental garden in reservation No. 2,
$8,800.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by add-
ing after the clause just read the following:
And it shall be the duty of the Commissioner to
make distribution of seeds directly from the Agri-
cultural Department, and not throngh members of
Congress.
I desire to say, Mr. Chairman——
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Debate has been closed on the whole para-
graph.
The amendment was not agreed to; thers
being—ayes eleven; noes not counted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I see that most of the
members want to electioneer with these seeds.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DELANO. I now offer the amend-
ment 1 have already indicated. I move to
amend by adding after the clause just read the
following:
Provided, That no money shall hereafter bo paid
to the present Commissioner on account of his salary
except so much as may be due for past services.
The amendment was not agreed to; there
being—ayes ten ; noes not counted.
The Clerk read as follows :
Mint at Philadelphia:
For salaries of the director, treasurer, ausayer,
meltcr and refiner, chief coiner and engraver, assist-
ant assayer, and seven clerks, $36,500.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend the
clause just read by striking out the last word.
I offer this amendment for the purpose of
making an inquiry. I see that in addition to the
appropriation contained in this clause, there
is another clause beginning on line eight hun-
dred and forty-six, which reads: "For addi-
tional salarv of the treasurer of the Mint at
Philadelphia, $1,500. I desire to know what
is the salary of these officers as fixed by law,
and whether the additional salary is authorized
by law.
Mr. KASSON. This bill provides for no
increase of salary whatever. By action during
the last Congress, or perhaps during the last
session of\fhe present Congress, the salary was
fixed by law. The "additional salary is a
technical phrase, having relation to certain
additional duties which have been imposed on
these officers'by law.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would like the gentle-
man to state what the additional salary 13.
Mr. KASSON. Without referring to the
book, I think the salary is $4,000, and what
is technically called the "'additional salary" is
