428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
an allowance, I believe, of $500, made in pur-
suance'ofa law imposing additional:duties.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw the 'amend-
ment. • - -
• The- Clerk, resuming the reading of the bill,
read the following:
For additional salary "of the treasurer of the Mint
at Philadelphia, £1,500*-, ; -
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to amend by striking :out the clause just read.
I differ with the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Kasson] in regard to the construction of the
law. I. say that, whatever may be the sala'ry
of this* treasurer this bill adds to it $1^500.
" Mr..: KASSON. Mr. Chairman, I am glad
that this point has been distinctly made, for I
.have"here the law which establishes the salary
of this office*. It was passed on "tire' 7th of
April, 1866, and will be found in the laws of
the last session.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will ask
what the salary of this officer is now by law.
Mr. KASSON. Forty-five hundred dollars.
Mr. WASHBUENE, of Illinois. If the
pi-esen't s'alary is $4,500, this makes it $6,000.
Mr. KASSON. I mean $4,500 exclusive of
this. The regular appropriation was formerly
$4,500. This "additional salary" was added
by;the law of last session. The gentleman's
proposition is to repeal the law of last session.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir ;
my proposition is this, and I defy the gentle-
man to controvert it: that there is an existing
law fixing the salary of the treasurer of the
Mint at Philadelphia, and this appropriation,
which the gentleman proposes to pass, adds
that much to it.
Mr. KASSON. If the gentleman desires it,
and the committee will wait, I will send for the
law. The salary is fixed at $6,000, and this is
for the additional $1,500 fixed by law. If the
gentleman turns back he will find we appro-
priate for the treasurer of the Mint instead
of the Director which I bad in my mind ; for
the treasurer it was $3,500, and this is an addi-
tional salary for the treasurer of the Mint $1,500,
making the total $5,000 instead of $6,000.
I will refer to the law. It is section four-
teen of the general law of last session. It
provides that from and after the 1st day of
April, 1866, there shall be paid, instead of the
yearly salaries at present authorized to the
Director, &c.—to the treasurer, $6,500, and
$1,500 for additional compensation as Assist-
ant Treasurer of the United States. And so
it is with all the others. My first statement,
then, is correct: his salary as treasurer of the
Mint is $3,500, and his salary as Assistant
Treasurer of the United States, the duties of
which office you imposed upon him by law, is
$1,500 a year additional.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That does
not conform to the text of the bill. Here the
provision is for additional salary to the treas-
urer of the Mint. I say this is adding $1,500
to that man's salary.
Mr. KASSON. I must call the gentleman's
attention to the mistake which he makes. This
provides for the Assistant Treasurer of the
United States at this place, as the treasurer of
the Mint acts as Assistant Treasurer of the
United States.
Mr. THAYER. Is there not a Treasurer of
the United States at Philadelphia, and what
occasion is there for the treasurer of the Mint
to act as Assistant Treasurer of the United
States ? If there be necessity for it, then it is
all well enough.
Mr. KASSON. I do not rise to discuss the
laws of-the last Congress, and while I say this
is carrying out existing law, it is not proper to
introduce into this bill any general legislation.
Mr. WASHBUENE, of Illinois. This is to
strike out general legislation, for this provision
is to increase by indirection the salary of a
public officer who is already getting too large a
salary.
Mr, RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Ishould
like to hear some reason why Philadelphia is
selected for this curtailment of salary? All
should be stricken out if it be stricken out :in
this case. I hope no discrimination will be
made of this character, but that the bill will be
allowed to remain as reported. • And I hope
therefore the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois will be voted down.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes fifteen, noes not counted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Washburne,
of Illinois, and Mr. Randall, of Pennsylvania,
were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 84, noes' 63.
• So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For additional salary of the treasurer of the branch
Mint at Now Orleans, $500.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
strike that out.
Mr. KASSON. It is provided by the same
law of Gongress. There is no increase of
appropriation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from Iowa what this $500 will make
the whole salary?
Mr. KASSON. The amount provided by
existing laws. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is
that?
Mr. KASSON. If the gentleman will give
me time to refer to the original law I will
answer him; I do not carry it in my mind.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
modify my motion, instead of striking out to
add the following proviso:
Provided, This sha-IInot be considered as additional
salary to the one now provided by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as fellows':'
For additional salary of the treasurer of the branch
mint at Denver, $500.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
add the same proviso.
Mr. KASSON. If that is to be adopted, I
ask the gentleman to change the language so
as to provide that it is not an increase of the
salary now provided by law.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will agree
to that if you will let me go back and move the
same amendment to the paragraph concerning
the treasurer of the Mint.
Mr. STEVENS. I object to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For additional salary of the treasurer of the branch
mint at San Francisco, California, $1,500.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move the
same amendment.
Mr. KASSON. With the consent of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washkukste,] I
propose that a clause shall be inserted which
we will draw and send to the Clerk, providing
what I have already stated as the intention of
the bill, that this shall not be construed as an
increase of salary. _
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois* That is
all I desire.
Mr. BID WELL. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
shall have to insist on taking the vote on my
amendment.
Mr. BID WELL. I object to any decrease
of compensation.
Mr. KASSON. This is neither a decrease
nor an increase, but for the purpose of satisfy-
ing the views of the gentleman from Illinois.
I propose to insert a clause declaring that there
shall be no actual increase by this bill.
Mr. BID WELL. Is this to carry out an
existing law ?
Mr. KASSON. It is.
The amendment of Mr. Washburxe, of Illi-
nois, was accordingly withdrawn.
The Clerk read as follows :
For salaries of additional clerks in the otSeeof the
Assistant Treasurer at Philadelphia, $6,585,
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to amend by adding
at the end of the foregoing clause these words:
And #6,000 for an increase of the salaries of olerks,
additional clerks, messengers, and watchmen in the
said office, each from 20 to 25 per c.ent.
Those employed in the Assistant Treasurer's '
office have very responsible positions. They
perform the duties of clerks and other impor-
tant duties, and are really not paid as they
should be._ They are selected for their capa-
city, integrity, and fidelity, and I know the com-
pensation paid them is not what is paid by
private employers to such clerks, messengers,
and watchmen as they are. The very best men
are required by the Government in these places,
and the .only way to get them is to give them
proper compensation. I hope the committee
will adopt my amendment.
Mr. KASSON. _ I will state to the gentle-
man that during either the last session or the
session of the preceding Congress the com-
pensation of these persons at the mints was
provided for by making some increase. That
was as far as the committee were willing to go,
and we are certainly not willing to go further
in this bill.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For salaries of additional clerks and additional
compensation of officers and clcrks, under act of
August 6, 1846, for the better organization of the
Treasury, at such rates as the Secretary may deem
just and reasonable, $60,090.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
some information from the gentleman who has
charge of this bill in regard to this item—
$60,000 to be paid out "at such rates as the
Secretary of the Treasury may deem just and
reasonable.''
Mr. KASSON. This is the usual clause in
all the appropriation bills for the administra-
tion of the duties imposed by Congress upon
the Secretary of the Treasury in this respect by
the original sub-Treasury act.
Mr. WASHB URNE, of Illinois. ' 'At such
rates as he may deem just?" •
Mr. KASSON. Yes, sir. It was in the
same language last year and the year before,
and the amount is identical with that heretofore
introduced in these appropriation bills.
Mr. HILL. I move to strike out the entire
clause. I do it for the reason that I think the
facts do not justify the placing of any more
money at the disposal of the Secretary of the
Treasury. I am unable to see why, if it is
done in this case, it may not with equal pro-
priety be done with regard to the heads of
other Departments. We have been appropri-
ating from time to time, I am quite sure, some-
thing like a million of dollars', if not more, in
different sums, to be distributed at the discre-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury to per-
sons in the employ of that Department. By
a report recently made it appears that that
money has been distributed among his favorites
upon the principle that '' to him that hath
shall be given and from him that hath not
shall be taken away even that which he hath."
I find by the report contained in executive
document No. 22 a statement showing that out
of the $160,000 appropriated at the last session,
one assistant secretary received $250 per quar-
ter increase, being at the rate of $1,000 per
year. And I find $375 per quarter appro-
priated to each of the two comptrollers, being
at the rate of $1,500 a year increase. And
now it is proposed to give this sum of $60,000
to be distributed in the same way.
It occurs to me that it was not in accordance
with the intention of Congress in appropriating
these sums; that the design of Congress in
making the appropriation was to give to those
who needed these sums of money, those nof, re-
ceiving a high rate of compensation from the
Government, instead of placing these high sal
aried officers of the Department upon a vastly
better footing than similar officers in any other
Department. Under this provision, and the
distribution of this sum heretofore by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, you have given to the
officers of that Department, receiving salaries
of $2,500 and more, an addition of from one
thousand to fifteen hundred dollars, while you
have not made such increase to similar officers
in the Interior Department, in the State De-
