THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
Again, in the' same communication, the Sec-
retary says:
"A nary-yard, if we have one for naval iron work,
should be established on fresh water, for this inessen-
tial to the preservation of iron vessels, which cannot
bo laid up in salt water during peace. Ready access
to ooal, iron, and timber is also important, for these
essential articles should bo always available on the
inland,waters without exposure to an enemy by coast-
wise transportation. The vicinity of a, large city,
where skilled artisans can .be obtained without diffi-
culty, and the facilities of markets and tenements
are abundant, should be considered. A foundation
of gravel would for the purpose of machinery bo
preferable to stone. An extensive water frontage
must also be secured. For such a depot and estab-
lishment where costly machinery and material would
accumulate during years of peace the advantages
of an interior location are most manifest. Theso
favorablo conditions are to be obtained nowhere else
so completely as on the Delaware river; and the
position of League Island, within tho limits of the
city of Philadelphia, presents probably a stronger
combination of tho points that are necessary than
any other location."
I read now from his report of the 4th of
December, 1865:
"The board of naval and scientific gentlemon ap-
pointed in 1862, in pursuance of an act of Congress
passed on the suggestion of tho Department, to select
a site for a navy-yard for iron purposes, while enter-
taining differing opinions as to the most eligible
location for a navy-yard for general objects, were
united in favor of League Island 4«o far as iron ves-
sels are concerned.'"
In a letter to the Committee on Naval Affairs
of the House of Representatives, dated March
6, 3866, the Secretary says:
"The importance of a suitable navy-yard and
establishment for iron and armored vessels was felt
to be a necessity during tho war. League Island, on
the Delaware river, adjoining Philadelphia, was ten-
dored to tho Government for naval purposes, and
tho locality possessed such extraordinary advantages
that I could not do otherwise than present tho sub-
ject to tho consideration of Congress. Tho late Pres-
ident Lincoln was bo impressed with its iraportanco
that ho deoraod it a duty on two occasions to inako
special reference to tho subjcct of promptly securing
League Island for naval purposos.
Again, he says:
" When hostilities ooasod, tho Dopartmont was com-
pelled, in consequence of tho lioglcct to make suit-
able provision for oar fleet., to ask and obtain per-
mission of tho proprietors to place tho armored ves-
sels in the back ohanncl of Loaguo Island during tho
pleasure of private parties or until Congress shall
designate some other locality."
League Island 13 situated about two miles
below the built-up portion of the city of Phil-
adelphia. There are now inclosed within the
walls that protect it from tho highest stages of
the water about four hundred acres, and the
inclosure may be extended so as to make the
island about six hundred acres. Therefore,
the proposition now is to secure for the navy-
yard at Philadelphia six hundred acres, being
League Island, about two miles below the
built-up portion of the city of Philadelphia.
This island was subject to overflow, being about
two and a half feet below tho highest water in
the Delaware. It is protected from the water
by a stone wall, a portion of which has stood
for a great many years, and is so completely
protected by that wall as that the land has been
used for meadows.
Now, Mr. President, I should favor this
measure if we never contemplated tho build-
ing of a navy-yard upon the island itself. I
should vote to accept this donation from the
city of Philadelphia if the island could be
used for no other purpose than as a place of
refuge and security in fresh water for our iron-
clads. The Delaware river flows in front of
the island. There is in the rear of it a back
channel, in which for the last two years the
iron-clads have been laid up—not the largest
size, butthe medium sized iron-clads have been
securely laid in this channel. The channel is
of sufficient length and sufficient capacity when
dredged to far more than accommodate any
navy which this Government will perhaps ever
provide for. I have a map of the island
which shows the position of the island in rela-
tion to the city of Philadelphia and in its rela-
tion to the main channel of the Delaware
river and to this back channel, and also to the
mouth of the Schuylkill.
I shall not stop to discuss the importance of
having fresh water in which to lay up the iron-
clads. It is conceded upon all hands that it
will not do to lay them up for any length of
timejri saft water. The iron is destroyed by
it. Tie destruction of the iron in fresh water
is very small, scarcely perceptible. All scien-
tific men who have given any opinion on this
subject at all have agreed that we must have
a fresh-water basin in which to lay up our iron-
clads. That is found, according to the opinion
of naval men, in the back channel adjoining
League Island. It is now of about the depth
of fourteen feet. To accommodate the larger-
sized vessels it must be deeper. That channel
empties into the Delaware along with the
Schuylkill j and so pure is the water at that
point that I am told by the distinguished Sena-
tor from New Jersey [Mr. Cattell] that very
many of our vessels supply themselves .before
sailing with water at that point.
Some objections have been made to this loca-
tion of a navy-yard and the selection of this
back channel for the laying, up of the iron-
clads. I will refer to them briefly. I choose
rather to refer to them more fully after they
shall have been suggested by those who oppose
this bill. In this connection I will refer to the
opinion expressed by Mr. Fox, the Assistant
Secretary of the Navy, under date of February
21, 1866, about a year ago:
" The island has a shore line of two and a quarter
miles upon the Delaware river, nearly half a mile
upon the Schuylkill, and a back channel separating
it from tho main land two and a quarter miles in
length, with an average width between the dykes of
three hundred and fifty yards. At present there is a
mile and a half of this back channel that is ono hun-
dred feet wido and fourteen and a half feet deop.
with soft bottom. Hero are moored the harbor and
river monitors, tho light-draught monitors, and tor-
pedo boats, also sovoral double-coder and other
gunboats. A natural basin, securo from every known
risk, inside of the pormanent defenses of tho coast,
in fresh water; away from ioe and currents; within
reach of coal and iron, and skilled labor to prepare
our vessels for battle at ft moderate exponse; only a
milo distant from tho wain ship channel, which has
beon closed by ioo but once in forty years; with no
expenditure required to securo tho vessels in their
present position that would not bo incurred at our
best yards, (whoro thoro is no room for them;) and
finally, a completo back channel, that by dredging
would give amplo room for the ontiro American and
English navies, are sotnoof the facts which impressed
me with tho importance of securing this inestimablo
site, by accepting it as a free gift, before the rapid
growth of tho city of Philadelphia absorbs it.
"Tho importance of this back channel has not
boon sufficiently estimated, as it seems to mo, in any
of the able discussions which have set forth tho ad-
vantages of Loaguo Island us a naval station, instead
of tho present insignificant yard at Philadelphia,
whioh has but one fifth of tho frontage of tho Eng-
lish navy-yard at the island of Bermuda, off our
coast. Our navy-yards have not frontage enough to
contain tho vessels now laid up, and which belong
permanently to tho Navy." * * * * *
"Tho advantages to result from dredging the back
channel for wet docks, basins for lumber, and other
cssontial purposes nro also very great. Lcaguo Isl-
and contains about six hundred acres, and is two
and four tenths feet bolow high-water mark, and for
a groat many years has been protocted by a stone
wail ordyko, and has not been overflowed sinco that
protection was established."
One great objection made to League Island is
that it must bo filled before a navy-yard can be
built upon it. I will read what Sir. Fox says
011 that subject;
"To raise tho island throo feot above high-wator
mark would require about thirty-six hundred thou-
sand cubic yards of earth. Dredging the back chan-
nel to a dopth*f eighteen feet in tho middle, with a
curved cross sootion to zero at tho sides, would give
aboutforty-onc hundred thousand cubic yards—suffi-
cient to bring the whole island to a level of four feet
above high-water mark."
Here is a calculation, sir, upon the subject,
that to place the island tfrree feet above high-
water mark will require three million six hun-
dred thousand cubic yards of earth, and this
can be supplied, and more than supplied, by
the dredging that will be necessary to make
the back channel what we desire for the ac-
commodation of the iron-clads. Then tho
question arises: what will be the cost of this
dredging and filling of the island? We have
been told in communications addressed to the
committee that the expenditure will be many
millions. Here is the estimate made by the
distinguished Assistant Secretary of the Navy:
" Some idea of the expense, practicability, useful-
ness, and healthiness of this plan may be derived
from the operations of tho War Department m tho
extension of the arsenal grounds in this city. There
mud is being dredged from tho bottom of the fresh-
water swamp known as James' creek, and deposited
upon the surface of the lands added to the arsenal
grounds; and the expense of this operation is esti-
mated by tho efficient superintendent, Mr. Wise, at
twenty-five cents per cubic yard, which would at the
same rate make the cost of raising League Island
$900,000. Mr. Wise would be very glad to take the
whole oontract, at present prices of labor, at thirty
cents per cubic yard. This sum is less than has al-
ready been expended by the JSfavy Department dur-
ing the war for the repairs and coal of the steamer
Vanderbilt. It is less than Mr. Forbes has expended
upon the steamer Idaho, building for the Govern-
ment, and is only twenty per cent, more than some
of the first-class steam-engines built since 1861." *
According to this statement, to dredge the
back channel, and thus to etflarge and deepen
it so as to accommodate our own and the Eng-
lish navy, and to fill up the island and place
its surface three feet above high-water mark,
will cost $900,000, lesS than some of our ves-
sels have cost us, less, as has been stated by
the distinguished gentleman from whom I read,
than it cost one of our builders to construct the
Idaho, less than has been expended by the
Navy Department during the war for repairs
and coal of a single vessel, the Vanderbilt.
And yet the country has been frightened almost
by the statements of the enormous expense
necessary to fit this island for a navy-yard.
Nine hundred thousand dollars, say $1,000,000
if you please, to make the island three feet
above high-water mark, to give us six hundred
acres of land for a great navy-yard in the cen-
ter almost of our Atlantic coast, to furnish us
a basin with the purest fresh water sufficient
to accommodate our Navy when it may be in-
creased to the greatest possible extent, and
finally to Jfurnish us accommodations for the
largest operations of any navy-yard. Why, sir,
the expense of .$1,000,000 is not to be regarded
in this connection. The yard at Philadelphia
now does not serve our purpose. We cannot
bring our iron-clads to rest there. We must
provide for their laying up ; and where shall it
be? At an expense of $1,000,000 we can pro-
vide this grand basin, if I may so express it,
or back channel to accommodate the entire
Navy. I ask Senators, if we went no farther,
if we stopped just there, if we dredged this
back channel and made it of sufficient depth
and width to accommodate our Navy, and
should never build a navy-yard upon this island
at all, should we not be justified in the expend-
iture of this $1,000,000?
Objection has been made—I anticipate that
it will be made again—that Philadelphia is too
far removed from the sea to furnish a suitable
location for a great navy-yard; that our vessels
cannot bo brought out to meet the service that
may be required of them sufficiently ready.
Why, sir, it- is about seventy or eighty miles
from the ocean. It is on a grand river, up
which our largest vessels of war have hereto-
fore passed. There was some objection to the
location of a navy-yard for the repair of vessels
far up the rivers when we depended upon sail-
ing vessels alone; but they are abandoned.
Now, of course as a naval Power we must look
to a steam navy; we do look to it, and the
location of our navy-yard must be in view of
the fact that ours will be a steam navy. A
steamer finds no difficulty in going up or pass-
ing down the Delaware river. Why, sir, this
argument is to prove that Philadelphia does
not exist, a city that has been built up by the
commerce which is brought to her and taken
from her by great vessels passing up and down
this river. By many the remoteness of this
position from the ocean is regarded as an ad-
vantage. The yard and the vessels at anchor
there are well protected from any enemy; and
other Governments are abandoning their yards
that are located near to the shore and within
range of the improved guns of this age. It will
not do any more to locate a navy-yard within
four or five miles of the coast. A navy-yard
thus located must be protected; it cannot pro-
tect itself. Philadelphia is already protected.
We must always protect Philadelphia, and the
protection necessary to that great commercial
city is the protection for this navy-yard. We
have no cost in providing a protection for the
navy-yard. Its position gives it its protection,
and its remoteness from the sea, instead of being
