1870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
all existing property in the United States. It
would affect, to a considerable extent, the value
of incomes. We have already been driven by
the large amount of currency now outstanding
to increase the salaries of most public officers
on account of the increased price of living.
This bill would add still more to the price of
provisions and all the necessaries of life, and
would again diminish the relative valijp of in-
comes and salaries. It would so derange the
relative value of property that contracts for
specific property might ruin the seller without
any fault of his. It proposes to pay to the
creditor of the Government who now holds the
interest-bearing obligations of the U nited States
a note not bearing interest, and compel him to
take that note against his will. It thus pro-
poses to confiscate the property of the citizen,
and continue the inflation of the currency and
the derangement of prices.
During the war I was among the first, per-
haps the first, in the Senate to propose a
measure of this kind. We were driveu to it
by the exigencies of the war. We were then
struggling to maintain the national Govern-
ment. We were engaged in what was consid-
ered by the world a doubtful conflict; and we
resorted to that expedient to which all nations
have resorted in times of war; that is, as gold
was banished from circulation in the commu-
nity, as the notes of the State banks were not
considered sufficiently guarded to be a national
currency, we resorted to the credit of the Uni-
ted States and coined it into money. We con-
tinued to use it as our distresses increased
until we reached the amount of $400,000,000.
That was said to be the highest amount that
could possibly be borne. Ihis money, in the
course of the war, went down to less than forty
per cent, of gold, and if increased to a consid-
erable amount more would have probably dis-
appeared as a measure of value. By the close
of the war and its glorious success, by the pros-
perity of the country and our increased credit,
the value of this money is now increased to
about seventy-two cents on the dollar. It is
now proposed to issue more of the same kind
of money, which is still worth twenty-eight
cents less than gold, and with this kind of
money to pay off the small amount of our
national debt maturing this year.
If this proposition can be justified by any
principle, we might for the same reason pay
off the seven-thirties with an increased amount
of legal-tender notes. The compound-interest
notes stand exactly upon the same footing as
all the other obligations of the Government.
If we can pay them off by issuing our legal-
tender promises to pay, we can pay off the
seven-thirties and five-twenties in the same
way, and thus strike out of existence our whole
national debt. No proposition could be made
that would so seriously impair the public credit,
that would so seriously derange the value of
property, that would strike so much at all the
business interests of the people of the United
States, as this proposition to increase the legal
tenders. At the last session, after fall consid-
eration, we entered into a policy, which we
supposed to be final, that the amount of legal
tenders should be decreased until they were
equal to the par value of gold. That was
understood on all hands.
But, sir, there is one still more conclusive
argument against this bill than those which I
have mentioned, although they are weighty
enough ; and that is, that in the very law under
which these compound-interest notes were
issued, in the very section which provided for
them, we expressly stipulated and guarantied
that the amount of legal tenders should never
exceed $400,000,000. That law, which would
seem to have been overlooked by the House of
Representatives, and which was just as much
a part of the contract under which these notes
were issued as the rate of interest, I will now
read to the Senate. It is commonly called tbe
loan act, approved June 30,1804, under which
the compound-interest notes were issued, and
under which a portion of the five-twenties were
issued. The second section of that act author-
ized the issue of the compound-interest notes,
and contained the following proviso:
"PrtieiJeil, That tho tohil amount of bonds and
Tre.i5Uiy noles authorized by the fir«t and second
srotioiis of this net sh.ill not exceed #400,(0),(XX), in
addition to tho amounts heretofore issued; nor shall
the total amount of United States notes, issued or to
bo issued, ever exceed $-)Oft,0<|O,nflO. and such addi-
tional sum, not exceeding $.i0,000.0X1. as may betem-
porarily required for the redemption of temporary
loan: nor shall any Treasury note bearing interest,
issued under this act, be a legal tender in payment
or redemption of any notes issued by any bank,
banking as-iociation, or banker, calculated or in-
tended to circulate ay money.''
One of the stipulations we made when we
issued the compound-interest notes was that
we would not issue more than $400,000,000.
The amount of $400,000,000 was then and is
still outstanding. Without this proviso, I ven-
ture to say we could not have sold $100,000,000
of bonds of the United States in the year 1804.
The great apprehension of those who had money
to loan to us then was that we would proceed
to inflate the currency to such an extent as to
destroy the value of all securities, and there-
fore we entered into a stipulation, and made it
a part of the contract upon which we obtained
money, that the amount of legal-tender notes
never should exceed $400,000,000. Upon the
faith of this stipulation we issued the com-
pound-interest notes and we received money
for them. They were paid for supplies and to
the Army. First, they entered into the circu-
lation of the country, but as the interest accu-
mulated upon them they were gradually re-
tired and held by banks, bankers, and other
persons who chose to hold them as an invest-
ment. Now, it is proposed by the House of
Representatives, when we come to pay off
these identical notes, to violate the terms of
the contract, to increase the amount of the
legal tenders, to pay off this interest-bearing
obligation with a non-interest bearing obliga-
tion, and compel the holders to take it because
it is made a legal tender, and thus violate the
very terms of the contract under which these
compound-interest notes were issued.
Such a proposition as this, it seems to me,
ought never to have received the sanction of
any portion of the law-making power of the
United States. If we can violate this clause of
the contract we may violate any other. To
pass this bill in the face of the plain provisions
of this law is repudiation in the most glaring
and offensive form, not only a repudiation
which destroys the obligation of the compound-
interest notes, but will tend to derange the value
of all property and undermine tbe public credit.
I need but say, therefore, under these circum-
stances, that the Committee on Finance were
unanimously of opinion that this proposition to
increase the amount of legal-tender notes should
not be passed ; that its passage would be a pub-
lic misfortune, a violation of the public credit,
and that no facts exist which could justify such
a measure as this, especially when our credit
is now so good that we may borrow all the
money that we desire at five per cent, interest
in any market of the world. This disposes of
the House proposition.
The proposition reported by our Committee
on Finance involves a question of more diffi-
culty ; and that is, how best can we pay the
compound-interest notes? I stated here in the
few remarks that I made the other day, and
exhibited an official table prepared at the
Treasury Department, that the amount of the
principal and interest of the compound-interest
notes maturing during the present year was
about $119,000,000; that probably $'20,000,000
of this might be met by money on hand and by
current receipts, leaving a necessity to provide
for $100,000,000. Now, sir, we can provide
for them under existing law. I say to the Sen-
ate that there is no absolute necessity for the
passage of any law on this subject, because
under the existing law the Treasury may issue
its five-twenty bonds, may sell them at the
current rate in the market, and retire the com-
pound-interest notes. The only objection to
that is, that it would increase the volume of the
funded debt when we supposed we had reached
its maximum. Still, as it is only the conversion
of one form of indebtedness to another, it had
better be resorted to rather than issue legal-
tender notes.
But it was found upon examination that the
Government of the United States might make
a good bargain by placing as a loan to the na-
tional banks $100,000,000 at the extraordinarily
low rate of three per cent, interest. It was
found that on account of the retirement of the
compound-interest notes, and the provision of
law which enabled the national banks to keep
a portion of their reserve in compound-interest
notes, that the banks would be willing 
Mr. COWAN. I should like to hear the law
on that point. What is the provision which
enables theni to keep these notes as a portion
of their reserve ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will come to that in a
moment. I have the law here and will refer
to it. I was about to state that we could pro-
vide for the compound-interest notes without
issuing these three per cent, certificates ; but
we found that on account of the existing state
of affairs we could make a good bargain with
the banks; that we could furnish them a secur-
ity which would answer all the purposes of
their reserve, and by paying a small rate of
interest secure the temporary use of $100,000,-
000. We did not propose to form a permanent
debt, but a debt which might at any time be
withdrawn by the national Government, either
by the gradual absorption of it as a sinking
fund, or by its payment from time to time,
according to the condition of the public Treas-
ury. These $100,000,000, we therefore pro-
vide, shall be a temporary loan, payable on
demand, to be held by the banks or by anybody
that chooses to hold them.
The objection seemed to occur in the House—
and that leads me to answer the question of
the Senator from Pennsylvania—why pay any
interest at all? Why not issue legal-tender
notes? If we can save half, why not save all
the interest? I have already sufficiently an-
swered that question. We ought not to compel
any one to take even a three per cent, certifi-
cate. We ought not to compel the banks to take
it; but we may make a bargain with them, or
make it their interest to take it. It was found
on examination that we could make an ar-
rangement with the national banks for a tem-
porary loan of $100,000,000, provided, in addi-
tion to paying them three percent, interest, we
would authorize them to hold a portion of their
bank reserve in these loan certificates; and
the question came up whether we should thus
authorize them? If the Senator will look to
the general laws of the United States passed
in 1864 he will find the national banking law
on page 114. I read from the thirty-first sec-
tion. It provides—
" That overy association in the cities hereinafter
named"—
Certain large cities of the United States—
"shall at all times have on hand, in lawful money
of tho United States, ati amount equal to at least
twenty-five per cent, of the aggregate amount of its
notes in circulation and its deposits; and every other
association shall at all times have on hand, in lawful
money of the United States, an amount equal to at
least fifteen per cent, of the aggregate amount of its
notes in circulation and of its deposits."
And whenever the lawful money of any such
association shall be reduced below that, pro-
vision is made that the bank itself may be
closed ; and then it provides—
" That three fifthsof said fifteen per cent, may con-
sist of balances due to an association, available for
redemption of its circulating notes from associations
approved by the Comptroller of the Currency, organ-
ized under this act, in the cities of St. Louis, Louis-
ville, Chicago, Detroit, Milwaukee, New Orleans,
Cincinnati, Cleveland, Pittsburg, Baltimore, Phila-
delphia, Boston, New York, Albany, Leavenworth,
ban Francisco, and Washington city: Provided, aho,
lhat clearing-house certificates, representing specie
or lawful money specially deposited for the purpose of
any clearing-house association, shall be deemed, to
be lawful money in the possession of any association
belonging to such clearing-house holding and owning
such certificate," <fce.
The next section—section thirty-two—pro-
vides that all the organizations or banks in any
of the cities n^med in section thirty-one may
deposit their surplus in the banks at New York*
So the Senate will see that under the existing
