1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1871
law a bank is required to keep twenty-five per
cent, in some cases, in sAne cases fifteen, of
the amount of its total deposits and circulation
on hand, but is allowed to deposit three fifths
of this with other banks. The country banks
may deposit in the banks in the cities named
three fifths of their reserves, while in the lead-
ing cities they must deposit it in the city of
New York. That reserve is always kept to
redeem their circulation.
Mr. COWAN. There is another question
I should like to ask right there. Was not that
to be a part of the consideration why they were
paid interest on the bonds, that they were
obliged to keep twenty-five per cent, of our
United States notes on hand which did not
bear any interest, and which was a gratuitous
loan to us?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have shown that the
banks were not required to keep all their re-
serves in legal tenders, but might deposit three
fifths of it with other banks and thus draw
interest on it.
Now, the only effect of this measure reported
by the Finance Committee is to authorize this
three fifths to be deposited with the national
Government in the form of a loan. The banks
themselves prefer it. If the money is deposited
with the national Government upon loan cer-
tificates, payable on demand, it will always be
available to meet their pressing necessities
when called for. If they do not loan it to the
Government they loan it to their fellow banks,
and in either event they get interest; so that
the result is that this simply provides for a
transfer of the deposit from a legally organ-
ized association to the national Treasury. It
amounts to a loan to the national Government
at three per cent, interest on call. After a
careful examination of this subject, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, the Committee on Finance,
and the Committee of Ways and Means thought
this was a wise arrangement for the Gov-
ernment. Under it the Government reduces
its interest from six to three per cent, on
$100,000,000. It puts it in the form of a
loan which it may at any time pay off or con-
vert, which is at any time within its power.
If this expedient is not adopted the Secretary
of the Treasury will be compelled to issue six
per cent, bonds, the interest of which is pay-
able in gold; or, if the House measure is
adopted, he will issue promises to pay without
any interest whatever. As we thought that
proposition was entirely inadvisable for the
reasons I have stated, he must pay off these
compound-interest notes by the sale of five-
twenty bonds. The measure proposed by the
Committee on Finance and pressed by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, if adopted, will enable
him to make a temporary loan of $100,000,000
at three per cent. This is all there is in the bill.
The Committee of Ways and Means in the
House proposed to raise the interest from three
to three and sixty-five hundredths per cent., in
order to make it convenient to compute the
interest, and to follow the example of the old
law of 1802. The Committee on Finance, how-
ever, thought it was unnecessary to go beyond
the three per cent.
Now, sir, if there is anything else about this
bill that is a mystery to any Senator I shall be
very glad to explain it. A great many collat-
eral subjects are introduced into a debate of
this kind which have no reference to its merits,
and I shall not allude to them unless other
Senators bring them in. Upon the main ques-
tion, that this Government ought not, under any
circumstances whatever, in violation of the
express stipulations of the law I have read, to
issue any more legal-tender notes, I think we
can all stand. W e have expressly stipulated
and agreed by law that this amount shall not
be exceeded. It should be remembered, also,
that this stipulation was made in the darkest
period of the war, in 1864, before any of the
great victories of that year were achieved; it
was made under circumstances when it was
difficult to get money; and now, if we violate
it in a time of peace, when our Treasury is
in a measure overflowing, when we are re-
ducing the national debt, when our credit is
restored, it would be an act of perfidy and bad
faith, without example I think in the history
of any nation.
Mr. COWAN. I only rise, sir, rather that
we may understand exactly the nature of this
proposition than to combat it. It is very well
known that I have been from the first opposed
to the creation of national banks, simply be-
cause I believed they were not necessary at the
time they were created. If the currency of
the country was not in excess, if it required
to be filled up with more, I thought the proper
way to do it was to issue an additional batch
of United States notes, which, being payable
on demand, were really a loan from the people
to the Government without interest. If, on the
other hand, the channels of circulation were
full, I conceived ita disastrous stroke of policy
to create $300,000,000 more of it and throw
it in upon ways that were already surcharged.
But there was another feature that I never
could understand. I never knew why it was
that when banks deposited their bonds or our
bonds to them, and had them registered here
as security for their issues, and when we fur-
nished the issues to the amount, of ninety per
cent., and when we guarantied the issues to
the same extent, that we were obliged to pay
them interest on the bonds. We had borrowed
their money, and we had agreed to pay them
interest on it. That was all right. But when
we agreed to accept that as our security and
to indorse over to them our notes, because
national bank notes are really our notes—they
stand upon the basis of our credit, and they
can never rise any higher, because they are
redeemable in it—I say when we gave ninety
per cent, of our notes indorsed by us, and for
which we are responsible, then the interest on
ninety per cent, of their bonds should have
ceased. Why should we continue to pay inter-
est on the bonds? In the first place, we bor-
rowed their money, say one hundred thousand
dollars, and we pay them six per cent, interest
on it. Then we hand over to them ninety
thousand of our dollars, indorsed by us, which
pass among the people on the strength of our
credit and not theirs, which they circulate and
loan to our people, the people being the same
as we are, the people and the Government
being identical, and they are to get six, ten,
or twelve per cent, for that too. Why, Mr.
President, the finances of any country in the
world must come to ruin under such a system
as this. It is utterly impossible that any peo-
ple could stand it. It is not in the nature of
things.
What were we to get in lieu of all that ? We
were told, "You have the right to tax these
banks." Tax what? Tax their circulation one
per cent. ; that is, we pay them six per cent,
on $100,000, and get back one per cent, on
$90,000. But they said, ''There is another
thing: do you not observe that we are bound
under the bill to keep in our possession on hand
for the purpose of redeeming our notes twenty-
five per cent., not only of our circulation, but
of our deposits, in your legal-tender money,
your lawful money"—and at that time there
was no other money lawful money of the Uni-
ted States except these demand notes, these
United States notes—"we are bound to keep
on hand twenty-five per cent, of your lawful
money, demand money, which is not bearing
interest, and which will compensate you for the
interest you pay us on the bonds." I ask the
honorable Senator from Ohio whether that is
not a fair statement ? When we objected and
said, "What, are we to pay interest on your
bonds and give you the money to circulate with
the people and indorse it?'' was not the answer,
" That is true; but you have the right to tax
us?" Well, how much? One per cent. What
more? One per cent, is not a consideration
for six per cent. One per cent., especially on
ninety per cent., is not a consideration for six
per cent, on a hundred. But they said, " There
is more: we will be obliged to keep as many
of your demand notes on hand to redeem our j
circulation and our deposits as will make up ll
for the bonds for which you pay us interest; in
the first place, we must have twenty-five per
cent, of our circulation'1—and if it is a bank
with $100,000 capital, that is twenty-five per
cent, of$90,000; "then, as the deposits in the
bank are five times the circulation, as a gen-
eral rule, we will have to keep more of your
notes on hand that are not bearing interest
than we have of bond* registered in your
Treasury."
But what, then, Mr. President? Did they
do that? Did they do that in good faith? Did
they keep on hand this money in what was at
the time the bill was passed lawful money jof
the United States, or did they take advantage
of our necessities in another way? The bank
bill was passed on the 3d of June, 1864. On
the 30th of June, 18G4, we were compelled by
the necessities of the situation to issue what
are called the compound-interest-bearing notes,
which were made lawful money at their face
value. If the banks could keep them, then
this part of our consideration failed, and failed
most sadly, because instead of bearing six per
cent., it was then six per cent, compounded.
But the banks immediately, all over the coun-
try it seems, instead of keeping our notes on
hand which did not bear interest, bought up
or kept the compound-interest notes, which
did bear interest, and which bore an enormous
interest. Was that good faith? I ask whether
it was good faith in view of this legislation,
because there was legislation to prevent that
very result ? In that same law by which wc
issued the compound-interest notes it was pro-
vided in the second section:
"Nor shall any Treasury notes bearing interest,
issued under this act, be a legal-tender in payment
or redemption of any notes issued by any bank,
banking association, or banker, calculated or in-
tended to circulate as money."
Now, what I wish to say is, in all deference
to the opinions .of my friend from Ohio—and I
have great faith in his opinions upon subjects
of this kind—I am not so very certain that it
would be bad faith to compel the national
banks, who have violated their faith to our
detriment, to give up these securities for their
face and the interest.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to prolong
this argument. The Senator says that the
national banks have violated their faith. I
have nothing to say about the national bank-
ing system now. It is not drawn in here.
There is nothing in the bill about national
banks.
Mr. COWAN. But I understand the Sen-
ator to say that if we do not pay these people
interest on the money they now have on hand
to retire their issues it would be an act of bad
faith on the part of the Government. I think
not.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; I did not say that
at all. Under the present law they have the
right either to leave their reserve in compound-
interest notes or they have the right to deposit
it with other banks where they draw interest.
Mr. COWAN. But asl understand the law
it is the very reverse. They had no right to
reserve compound-interest notes to pay their
own notes.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator relies on the
last clause that I read. This being the last
date, I think it changes the provisions of the
law which authorized them to use compound-
interest notes or to use notes of a certain char-
acter, or legal-tender notes as their reserve;
but the difficulty is this: a compound-interest
note was a legal tender for its face, made so by
the terms of the bill, and they can hold any
legal-tender money as a parts of their reserve,
except with the limitation of this clause.
Mr. COft'AN. Except that they be not
compound-iuterest notes issued under that
Mr. SHERMAN. They cannot, under a de-
cision of the Comptroller of the Currency,
hold compound-interest notes as a part of their
legal reserve to pay their own notes.
Mr. COWAN. Or their deposits.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; that is the extent
