1867.
10E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pray that Congress will ignore and set aside all
the State governments established or controlled
by traitors and such as are the determined ene-
mies of our Government, and that Congress,
with the least possible delay, will restore those
States and State governments into the hands
of the loyal citizens, to whom they respectively
belong. I take it that the prayer of this peti-
tion presents the most practical question which
is now before Congress, which is the setting
aside of these rebel governments; and I trust
that the committee to whom these petitions are
referred will give us the benefit of a report very
soon. I ask its reference to the joint Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
It was so referred.
Mr. RIDDLE presented a petition of cigar
manufacturers, praying that a specific tax of
five dollars per thousand may be imposed on
all domestic cigars in lieu of the present tax,
and that the present tariff on imported cigars
may remain unchanged ; that the cost of inter-
nal retlenue stamps to cigar manufacturers may
be limited to five dollars per thousand, and
that the penalty for violations of the internal
revenue may be increased ; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. POLAND presented resolutions of the
Farmers' Club of Windsor county, Vermont,
and resolutions of the Farmers' Club of Spring-
field, Vermont, in favor of an increase of the
duty on foreign wool; which were ordered to
lie on the table, the Committee on Finance
having reported on the subject.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the memorial of
the Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of an
appropriation of lands to perfect the naviga-
tion of the Mississippi river to the falls of St.
Anthony; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. HOWARD presented the memorial of
Rev. W. II. Furness, George Cadwalader,
Daniel Smith, jr., and other citizens of Phila-
delphia, praying for the repeal of the law which
retires officers of the Army at a certain age, and
that no retirement may be made without the
report of a board of examination ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. CATTELL presented five petitions of
manufacturers and operatives of Manayunk,
in the twenty-first ward of the city of Phila-
delphia, praying for the repeal of the internal
revenue tax levied on all goods manufactured ;
which were referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. CATTELL. I also present the petition
of seven hundred and fifty employes of the
glass-ware manufactories of Pittsburg, Penn-
sylvania, and Wheeling, West Virginia, asking
for a further increase of the tariff on imported
glass-ware in order that their labor may be pro-
tected. I ha*Ve only to add that the evidence
which this paper contains, that it has been
handled by the operatives thejnselves, rather
beautifies than mars it in my opinion. As the
Committee on Finance have reported on this
subject, I move that the petition be laid upon
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a petition of
journeymen cigar-makers and manufacturers
of cigars of Evansville, Indiana, praying for a
specific duty of five dollars per thousand on
domestic cigars, and that the present tariff on
imported cigars may remain unchanged, and
that Congress will alter the present system of
stamping by selling the stamps to the manu-
facturers at five dollars per thousand, and in-
crease the penalty for violating the revenue
laws ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. PATTERSON presented two memorials
of citizens of Louisiana, praying for an appro-
priation to aifl in repairing and rebuilding the
State levees on the banks of tffe Mississippi
and other rivers in that State, and for the
proper supervision thereof by the appointment
of & board of levee commissioners jointly by
the President of the United States and the
mi
Governor of Louisiana; which were referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HOWE presentedamemorial of citizens
of Wisconsin, remonstrating against the restor-
ation of the States lately in rebellion until ade-
quate security is obtained against a renewed
attempt to secede, against any payment of the
rebel debt or for emancipated slaves, and
against any distinction in State laws among
citizens thereof on account of color or descent;
which was referred to the joint Committee on
Reconstruction.
_ Mr. SHERMAN presented ten petitions of
citizens of the United States, praying for a duty
of thirty cents per bushel on flaxseed ; which
were ordered to lie on the table, the Commit-
tee on Finance having reported on the subject.
He also presented four petitions of citizens
of Ohio, praying for the passage of House bill
No. 718, to provide increased revenue from
imports, and for other purposes ; which were
ordered to lie on the table, the bill having been
reported by the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of officers
of the L nited States Army, praying Congress
to rescind the section of the" Army bill passed at
the last session which abolishes regimental ;
bands; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I present the petition of
John Hinde, and others, citizens of Ohio, in
relation to flax manufactures, in which they
say that in their opinion "none of the various
articles of flax manufactures are sufficiently
protected by existing laws, especially the dif-
ferent kinds of twines and yarns." They
further say:
"They would also represent that in their opinion
the interests of the country would be advanced by
the addition of duty upon all hemp, jute, or flax,
twines, and yarns, and also upon all twine and yarn
made from the tow of hemp, jute, or flax, and im-
ported from foreign countries, and which inferior
articles, on account of price and appearance, come in
competition with American products."
As this matter has been considered by the
Committee on Finance, I move that the peti-
tion lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
_ Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of
citizens of New York, remonstrating against
the passage of any act authorizing the curtail-
ment of the national currency, or having in
view the return within a limited time to specie
payments, and against compelling all national
banks to redeem their notes in New York, or
prohibiting national banks from paying or
receiving interest on bank balances; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of file manu-
facturers of Providence, Rhode Island, remon-
strating against any advance in the duty on
steel; which was ordered to lie on the table,
the Committee on B'inance having reported on
the subject.
He also presented five petitions of citizens of
the State of New York, praying for the passage
of House bill No. 718, to provide increased
revenue from imports, and for other purposes;
which were ordered to lie on the table, the bill
having been reported by the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented ten memorials of manu-
facturers of wool and of constructors of burring
machines, remonstrating against an extension
of the letters-patent of Stephen R. Parkhurst,
dated May 1, 1845; which were referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. YATES presented a petition of citizens
of Illinois, praying for an increase of the duty
on foreign wool; which was ordered to lie on
the table, the subject having been reported
upon by the Commitee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of citizens of
Illinois, praying for the passage of House bill
No. 718, to provide increased revenue from
imports, and for other purposes; which was
ordered to lie on the table, the bill having been
reported by the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the memorial of the Illi-
nois State Association of Teachers, praying for
the establishment of & national Educational
Bureau ; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
female employes in the folding-room of the Gov-
ernment Printing Office, praying for an increase
of compensation; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. COWAN presented the memorial of citi-
zens of Iowa, and the memorial of citizens of
Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the pas-
sage of any act authorizing the curtailment of
the national currency, or a return within a lim-
ited time to specie payments, and against com-
pelling all banks to redeem their notes in New
York, or prohibiting national banks from paying
or receiving interest on bank balances; which
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented twelve petitions of manu-
facturers of cotton and woolen fabrics, praying
for a modification of the internal revenue laws
by removing the five per cent, tax on goods,
the allowance of a drawback of three cents per
pound on cotton to be refunded to the manu-
factr. rer, and the imposition of a tax on all arti-
cles of luxury not produced in the United States;
which were referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. DIXON presented two petitions of jour-
neymen cigar-makers and manufacturers of
cigars in Connecticut, praying for a specific tax
of five dollars per thousand on domestic cigars,
and that the present tariff on imported cigars
may remain unchanged, and that Congress alter
the present systeitfof stamping by selling the
stamps to the manufacturers at five dollars per
thousand, and increase the penalty for violating
the revenue laws i which were referred to the
Committee on Finance.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced
that it had passed the bill (S. No. 383) for the
reiief of Lewis Dyer, late surgeon of the eighty-
first regiment Illinois volunteers; and also that
it had passed the bill (S. No. 218) exempting
the property of debtors in the District of Co-
lumbia from levy, attachment, or sale on exe-
cution, with amendments, in which it requested
the concuireuce of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills and join',
resolutions, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 457) for the relief ot
Hiram Paulding, rear admiral United States
Navy
A bill (H. R. No. 488) for the relief ofNor-
man J. Hall:
A bill (H. R. No. 91G) for the relief of James
M. Bishop, who claims $236;
A bill (H. R. No. 974) to indemnify Abial
Morrison for property destroyed by hostile In-
dians in Washington Territory in the years
1855 and 1856:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 224) giving
additional compensation to certain employes
in the civil service at Washington: and
A joint resolution (H. II. No. 236) to amend
an act. entitled •' An act for enrolling and call-
ing out the national forces, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3, 18G3.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker had signed the enrolled bill (S. No.
383) for the relief of Lewis Dyer, late surgeon
of the eighty-first regiment Illinois volunteers;
and it was thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore of the Senate.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. W. G. Mooke, his Secretory,
announced that he approved and signed on the
11th instant the joint resolution (S. R. No. 154)
to provide for the exhibition of the cereal pro-
ductions of the United States at the Paris Ex-
position in xloril next, and on the 14th instant
the bill (S. i<fo. 459) suspending the payment
of money from the Treasury as compensation
