1872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
of it, and it is perfectly clear. The law pro-
vides :
Nor shall any Treasury notfe, bearing interest,
issued under this act, be a legal tender in payment
or redemption of any notes issued by any bank, bank-
ing association, or banker, calculated or intended to
circulate as money.
But the general law authorizes them to hold
all legal-tender money as part of their reserve
for the payment of ttoeir depositors and for the
payment of their notes also, except that they
cannot hold those compound-interest notes as
a part of their reserve to pay their notes, but
they may for deposits. That is the construc-
tion put upon it by the Attorney General and
tHe Secretary, and I think it perfectly clear
that it is so.
Mr. COWAN. I think it is a construction
that only covers part of the law and leaves the
spirit of it out entirely.
Mr. SHERMAN. At any rate that is the
construction put upon it.
Mr. COWAN. I have no doubt that it is
an improper construction. What was the rea-
son that we required them to keep the United
States notes on hand? It is obvious to every-
body. We wanted to keep these notes on
hand there in order that we might avoid pay-
ing interest on the amount so held. They
were demand notes; no interest was due upon
them; and if we could compel the banks to
hold them, to meet their issues and to pay for
their deposits, of course it was so much clear
gain to the nation. Now, how the Treasury
Department could decide that it was only to
pay their issues and not their deposits is what
I cannot see, because the reason of the law
applied to both, as well to the one as the other;
and the reason of the law is the life of it, and
that which ought always to guide in making
tnPQP nPoiQinnQ
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the Senator
that at the last session of Congress I intro-
duced a bill which contains the very provision
to which he refers. I have always been opposed
to the banks holding these compound-interest
notes as a part of their reserve. There is a
bill now pending in the House which ought to
have been acted on covering this very point.
We have never, however, been able to secure
action on either subject. The bills passed the
Senate, went over to the House, and there
they lie.
Mr. COWAN. I have no idea that this is
going to be a remedy for the present state of
our finances by any means. It is a mere shift
to tide over for the time. The real difficulty
is that we have no fixed standard of value in the
country. When you make your paper money a
legal-tender you make it the measure of value.
Haying uo value in itself and depending for its
value upon the credit of the country, which
goes up and down with the fortunes of the
country, your measure becomes a fluctuating
standard, and that fluctuation pervading all the
various channels of trade and arteries of com-
merce everywhere, all the various dealing
transactions between man and man, such a mis-
chief as it is is almost incalculable.
Therefore, I think the first thing to be done
now, and I do not see any difficulty in the world
in the way of it, and I throw it out by way of
suggestion, is to declare that our United States
notes, or legal-tender notes if you please, shall
not be any longer receivable at their face in
payment of debts contracted before the passage
of the law. Why should you continue on the
system of paying the dowers of widows in de-
preciated currency ? Why should you continue
on a system of taking out of the pocket of the
widow and putting into the pocket of the payer
the depreciation of our currency when the con-
tract was for the payment of money at the gold
standard? Why should you continue to do this
to the orphans, to the old men who have re-
tired from business and live on fixed incomes,
to the holders of ground rents, to the holders
of mortgages, to all this various class of cred-
itors ? The war is over; the country is in a
condition of quasi peace at least. Is there any
necessity why you should debase the coin—not
debase the coin exactly, but debase your money
by continuing to use paper and making it a
legal tender as to these parties? Why not
come back to the gold standard as to contracts
made before the passage of this legal-tender
billIs there any reason why you should
continue on in this way? Why, sir, there is
every reason in the world why you should not.
There is not a political economist on the earth
who has not said that such a course as we have
been pursuing would be a disgrace to the civil-
ization of the century.
Mr. WILSON. Why not resume specie
payments?
Mr. COWAN. Because specie payments
are a very different thing. You need not tear
down the fixed standard of money because you
cannot have specie payments. I have been
asked that question so often that I am tempted
almost to write a little book to show the differ-
ence between the two. I do not say you should
not have made your money a legal tender; but
what I do say is that your money shall not be
made a legal tender for a lie. When you con-
tract to pay me a dollar in gold, and you come
to me with a paper dollar, I will take it as a
legal tender, but I will not take it for one hun-
dred cents; I will take it for seventy cents,
what it is, and let the party who tenders it run
the risk of tendering enough. I do not ask
that you should repeal the law with regard to
contracts made under the law, because that
was a folly in which we all participated, and
in the consequences of which we ought all to
share; but 1 do say that as to all contracts
made after the 1st of April, if you ever expect
the currency of this country to come back to a
wholesoma condition you will enact that the
gold standard shall be again the legal one.
Let your paper money be a legal tender if you
Slease, but a legal tender for what it is worth,
'o not go around the country trying to make
a yard-stick of India-rubber, that is twenty
inches to-day, twenty-four inches to-morrow,
and thirty inches some other day, or a pound
weight which varies with the temperature.
Nobody can deal in that way, and you have no
conception how much you have paid because
of that disturbance in the standard. I have
said before that the effect of it was to multiply
the antagonisms in the country to such an ex-
tent that I tell you your vendors during the war
gloried in your defeats ; they wept over your
victories. Why? Because by this system of
yours you made our defeats the means of rais-
ing their commodities and putting money in
their pockets, and you made our victories the
means of depreciating the prices of their com-
modities and ruining them. You have peo-
ple coming here to-day who do not want the
currency contracted, who do not want the
American credit to rise, who prefer it as it is.
Every man who has money to pay, and you
make the money and furnish it, of course
desires to get it as cheaply as possible, and
the cheaper you make your money the more
readily he will pay his debts. You have set
one half of the community upon you in this
way.
Then, I say, let your money, if you please,
be a legal tender; but let it be a legal tender
for what it is worth, for contracts made after
the 1st of April next, and as to contracts made
before the law itself was passed. Then you
can get back to something like common sense
and common reason.
Then there is another thing you had better
do: square your accounts with your national
banks. Why should you pay to the banks of
the country fifteen, twenty, or thirty millions
of a bonus to do your banking for you? In
the first place, I hold you have no right to
charter any such institutions through the States,
particularly as long as you keep the sub-Treas-
ury on foot, because then there is not only no
necessity for these banks, but there is no con-
venience in them. But I ask again, why should
you pay as a bonus to the national banks of
the country fifteen, twenty, or thirty million
dollars to do this business for you when it could
be just as well done without paying them that?
First, it was urged that the banks would not be
profitable. Why, gp, there is not a national
bank in the country that is not overflowing with
its success, and it will and must overflow as
long as you put your money within its control.
Banks ought to be obliged to redeem their
money in gold dollars. If you had a bank with
$500,000 in circulation, and you could get
some means devised by which instead of re-
deeming it with gold dollars you could do it
with eighty-cent paper dollars, I should like to
know what you would make by the operation?
One hundred thousand dollars clear. Of
course all these people are interested to pre-
serve this condition of things. They have all
the advantages and none of the disadvantages.
They never can have any of the disadvantages
until your money comes up to the gold stand-
ard. When you bring them there then they
meet you where a man ought to meet his fellow
man, on the footing of a fair contract.
Then, I say, the accounts ought to be set-
tled with these national banks, and settled at
once. Now, are you going to go on and pay
them interest on their bonds? Are you going
to furnish them a circulation to loan to the
people, your people, the same as the Govern-
ment precisely, at enormous rates? Then are
you going to allow them to hold as reserves
your notes which bear interest and pay them
interest upon them, too? If you intend the
whole currency of this country to go into this
maelstrom and to be swallowed up in this
vortex, thatisagood waytogoon, and one which
will enable you to strike bottom, I should think,
almost as soon as any other.
Mr. President, it might be well to observe
some caution for the future in dealing with
these national banks. Here it was perfectly
clear they had no right to take these com-
pound-interest notes and make reserves of
them, no matter what the Treasury decided.
The reason of the thing was against it. The
interest of the thing, it is true, was on the side
of the banks; but there was nothing in the
spirit of the law, nothing in its interest and
meaning, which would have authorized thein to
make reserves of them. But if it has been
done, and if the proper Department has de-
cided it, I do not know of any remedy that you
have except to pay; but if you pay at this time,
I would advise that any further engagements of
this kind be more carefully scanned when they
are entered into.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I suppose
the measure before us does not at all involve
the national banking system. It is a simple
proposition whether we shall meet a responsi-
bility which we have already incurred. We
have issued these compound-interest notes, and
they are now, about one half of them, in the
possession of the banks, and the other half are
in the possession of other parties. About one
hundred millions, or upward of one hundred
millions, of those notes mature within the cur-
rent year, and the United States will be under
an obligation to pay, if the creditor demands
payment; but as they bear an interest of six
per cent, or more, the creditor will not demand
payment, and the United States will be in no
situation to pay except in one of three modes:
either by using the money which they may have
on hand over and above the necessities which
the Government may be under in other respects,
or by issuing additional legal tenders, or by
some such measure as is proposed by the com-
mittee, that being to issue certificates bearing
an interest of three per cent.
The objection to the first is simply that it is
not in the power of the Government. The
objection to the second is, I think, very clear
from an inspection of the act referred to by the
honorable member from Ohio, that it would be
in violation of the contract which the Govern-
ment has entered into with the holders of the
legal-tender notes. There can be no doubt that
the express limitation in that act, that the legal-
tender notes should never exceed the sum of
$400,000,000, added to the value of that cur-
rency in the estimation of the public; and that
to issue now a greater amount than the $400,-
000,000 would be by the public estimate, and
