1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
435
ever arrive when no citizen can obtain an appoint-
ment to office unless he submits to the sacrifices of
personal independence and opinion, and to become
the mere slave of those who can confer it, it is not
difficult to foresee that the powerof appointment will
then become the fittest instrument of artful men to
accomplish the worst purposes. The framers of the
Constitution were aware of this danger and have sed-
ulously interposed certain guards to check, if not
wholly prevent, the abuse of the power. The advice
and consent of the Senate is required to tho appoint-
ment of embassadors, public ministers, as well as
other high officers."
Then the learned jurist goes on to speak of
the power of removal. It was first insisted,
after the Constitution was formed, that no man
could be removed from an office without the
consent of the Senate as well as of the Exec-
utive. It was lield for some time after the
adoption of the Constitution and argued by the
framers that the same power which made the
appointment must make the removal, and that
where an office was filled by the nomination of
the President and the consent of the Senate,
no power short of the President and the Senate
could make the removal; but having all confi-
dence in the first President, the great Wash-
ington, they surrendered that view. Now, Jdr.
Justice Story goes on to say:
" If we connect this power of removal thus practi-
cally expounded with another power, which is given
in the succeeding clause, to fill up vacancies in the
recess of the Senate, the chief guards intended by
the Constitution over the powerof appointment may
becomeutterly nugatory. APresident of high ambi-
tion and feeble principles may remove all officers and
make new appointments in the recess of the Senate:
and if his choice should not be confirmed by the Sen-
ate he may reappoint the same persons in the recess,
and thus set at defiance the salutary check of the
Senate in all such cases. The clause to which we
have alluded is the clause giving the power to ap-
point in the recess. This is a provision almost indis-
pensable to securc a due performance of public duties
by officers of the Governmentduringthe recess of the
Senate, and as the appointments are but temporary,
the temptation to an abuse of the power would seem
to be sufficiently guarded if it might not draw in its
train the dangerous consequences which we have
before stated."
This is the opinion of one of the greatest
jurists of this country—one commended to us
as Senators by the President in his veto mes-
sage vetoing the suffrage bill for the District of
Columbia. I think we may safely be controlled
and guided by what Mr. Justice Story says.
Mr. President, this Senate, since it com-
menced its session, has given the right of suf-
frage to all the people of this District. It has
stamped upon Nebraska and Colorado in their
plastic form ei^ual suffrage. It has done the
same with the 1 erritories. Therein it has fol-
lowed the sovereign will of the people of the
United States. Now the next step this Senate
ought to take is to bring back all appointments
to where the Constitution intended they should
be placed—persons holding office by the nomi-
nation of the President and the advice and
consent of the Senate. I think that every
Senator, seeing the abuse that exists, owes it
to this body, without any regard to partisan or
party feelings, by proper legislation, to put a
check to this mode of appointment, which
practically ignores and destroys the power of
the Senate.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I have a very
high respect, not only for the memory of Judge
Story, but also for his teachings, and I have
read the same argument which has been quoted
by the honorable Senator from New Jersey,
and I think I have felt its force. But the hon-
orable Senator should have informed us at the
same time that the question has been decided
the other way. I admit that a very strong and
very forcible argument can be made upon this
side of the question ; but the difficulty about
it is, that it has been for seventy-five years the
uniform rule of the Government of the United
States to allow the President this power, and
as I think from the very necessity of the thing,
because it has not been answered yet: suppose
the President and Senate disagree, what is to
become of the office during the recess? Par
the first time in our history this body has been
declared in permanent session. Heretofore
there has been a vacancy from tho 4th of
March to the 1st of December, and during that
time there was no Senate to consent arid ad-
vise to the nominations of the President. Then
you meet the alternative of either having no
officers at all, the Government not adminis-
tered at all in that particular, or you must
allow the President this power. The power
heretofore has never been deemed dangerous.
The power may have been annoying, just as
the power is now annoying to a dominant
party, who cannot have themselves all control
of the offices. But why should the President
appoint bad men to office ? He may not ap-
point a member of yourparty; but he is inter-
ested as much as anybody can be to appoint
.a member of his own party who will creditably
execute and perform the duties of the office,
and that has been the safety of the 'country
always.
I have another thing to say, that whenever
one or the other of the two parties of this coun-
try are afraid to trust the other, then the Gov-
ernment is in the throes of dissolution. The
whole of its strength heretofore depended on
the fact that the one party in this country was
always willing to trust the other party. It is
true, they said it will not administer the Gov-
ernment as Well as we would do if we had it;
it will not appoint as good officers as we would
do if we had the appointment of them ; but
still being in the same boat, interested in the
same way, there is no reason to suppose they
should desire the destruction of the Govern-
ment. So I say that whenever a party is un-
willing to trust the other party with the ap-
pointment of the officers or the administration
of any particular branch of the Government it
is conclusive evidence that the Government is
about in the agony of dissolution. Is not the
President as much interested as anybody else
to appoint good officers, to have them admin-
ister the public affairs creditably? Upon that
supposition the Government can stand.
But if you proceed upon the supposition that
the President is a traitor, that the President is
a destructionist, that he is given over body and
soul to the devil, and that all his adherents and
all those who believe as he does are likewise
given over, what then? Then, of course, you
must end this Government in order to correct
that mischief. If, however, honorable Sena-
tors and everybody else were to come back to
the common sense view of this matter, rid
themselves of their prejudices, rid themselves
of their passions, and come to the conclusion
to be patient and abide the regular normal
working of our institutions, there would be no
difficulty. But it is from this war of factions,
roused passions, terrible prejudices, that the
danger to all free Governments has come.
Parties cease to be parties; parties become
factions; and over the ruins of the very fabric
they intend to save both have occasion to
lament.
What will you gain by this crusade upon the
President? What do you expect to achieve by
curtailing him of his power? Do you pretend
that he and the men who advocate the view he
takes of things are not as honest as you are ;
that they have not the same stake in the coun-
try that you have ? Do you not suppose that
he and his friends have the same eare of their
reputation you have : that they desire the safety,
and the success, and the glory of the country
as much as you do? They may differ with you
as to your means of obtaining this; but is it not
possible that men may differ and differ hon-
estly ?
If the President abuses his power of appoint-
ment, how is that to be corrected 1 Hereto-
fore it was corrected at the next election, and
the next time you come to an election you
correct it by electing a new President—a man
who will not abuse his power; and why so ?
For the most obvious reason in the world., that
it was far better to endure all the ills which
you can conceive of from bad and maladmin-
istration than that you should overturn the
Constitution of the country—overturn its set-
tled law and introduce revolution, I put it to
any Senator on this floor whether, suppose you
have the very worst President in the world, a
man who is disposed to do all the mischief he
possibly can do within the scope of his not
only legal but possible power, is not that bet-
ter than revolution ? When you take the first
step in revolution, when you have overturned
the first well-established principle, how are
you going to stop ? Is it not the law of revo-
lution that the first step begets the necessity
for the second, and so on? Is not that its
history ?
I sge no difficulty about this thing. I see to
gentlemen of the dominant party annoyance ;
but I believe that if they were of my temper
and my disposition they would, so far from
considering it an annoyance, thank God that
they were relieved from the responsibility of
pointing out the proper persons to administer
this Government under the appointments of
the Executive, because what any man under
heaven can conceive of pleasure or human en-
joyment in being run upon day and night and
all the time in order to have his influence for
office I cannot see. If my brethren upon the
other side who are not consulted as to these
appointments will just reflect for one moment
they will see that they are happy. Wrest them
out of the hands ofthe Executive, ifyou please,
deposit them in the hands of some other officer
over and above your conscientious convictions
of duty with regard to the Constitution and
the oath you have taken, and what then? You
may feel conscious of a little more power, but
you will not feel conscious that the Govern-
ment is better administered than it was before,
and you will not feel conscious that you enjoy
greater ease and comfort in the part you take
in it than you do now.
Mr. President, this Government has existed
for a long while—seventy-six years—and for
seventy-five years it has existed under this rule.
Annoyance to be sure, heart-burnings to be
sure, grumblings everywhere there have been
by those who had not the distribution of the
"plunder" and the "spoils;" but neverthe-
less the Government was preserved; and upon
looking back over its history I' think that you
will find that they all got about their share. If
we preserve our tempers, and if we preserve
our trust in the people, (because trust in the
people, as a matter of necessity, implies trust in
the opposite party, in the other half of the peo-
ple to which you belong,) we shall secure the
perpetuity of our institutions ; but nothing else
will do it. I wish to say here that I have the
firmest conviction in the world that if you take
a single revolutionary step now in these ex-
cited times, if you overturn any well-settled
principle of this Government, any well-settled
principle of its Constitution, or I may say any
well-settled item in its theory, you are on the
brink of a precipice, and when you go over it
you will have no Union, no Republic ; you will
have no free Government left.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the Sen-
ate seems to-day to be in a mood not to do
much business, and perhaps that may justify
the honorable Senator in threatening us with
revolution and all the dire woes unnumbered
that may spring from it. In this bill Congress
does not propose to do anything that is not
sanctioned by the Constitution. It proposes
to prevent the violation of the Constitution,
that is all. And now we are threatened by
those who have violated the spirit of the Con-
stitution with woes unnumbered, with revolu-
tion, with being on the brink of a precipice!
Let me say to my honorable friend from Penn-
sylvania that the Senate of the United States
is not the place for threats like these. We
have already been placed on the brink of a
precipice by a different set of antagonists whom
we have overthrown by war. They attempted
to revolutionize this Government, but they were
met and subdued by the American people. Let
me say to him that whenever any other power in
this Government or outside of this Government
shall undertake to carry on a revolution or to
carry the American people over the brink of*a
precipice, that power will be ground between
the upper and the nether millstone.
Now, what is the question here? It is a
dispute as to the power of appointment to
