4a6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
office. The Constitution of the United States
declares that the President shall, by and with
tM' adyfce "and consent of the Senate, nomi-
nate and appoint certain officers. The Presi-
Heht of the United States undertakes to nomi-
nate and appoint and hold in office men who
have not received the sanction of the Senate
and who have been actually rejected by the
Senateand now.b'ecause we seek to correct
this plain and .palpable abuse of the Constitu-
tion   c "
Mr. COWAN. The honorable Senator will
allow ine to correct him?
'Wii "SHERMAN. Certainly, if I misrepre-
sent.
"Mr.'COWAN. The honorable Senator from
Indiana expressly declared that it was not the
purpose of the opponents of this bill to advo-
cate' the reappointment of one who had been
rejected for a "particular office to the same
office.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall come to that in a
moment.
Mr. COWAN. Do not charge us with what
we do not assert.
■ Mr. SHERMAN. Still the honorable Sena-
tor talked about 9 violation of the Constitu-
tion, about being on the brink of a precipice,
about revolution, and so on. Now, sir, what
has .Cbngress done on this whole question of
appointments? Nothing. We here, Senators
elected by the Legislatures of the States, have
seen men who voted for the present President
of the United States, who were responsible for
his election, turned out of office, and persons
who have been opposed to us during the
■whole war put in their places. Have we
grumbled or whined about it all ? I have not
seen any evidence of that kind. We simply
propose by this bill to protect men who have
been legally appointed to office in the enjoy-
ment of their offices until the concurrent
powers demanded by the Constitution concur
in the selection of some one else. That is all
there is about it. The President, on the other
hand, removes without our consent the officers
of the Government who are now familiar with
their duties, in utter disregard of the interests
of the Government, puts in men totally inex-
perienced to administer yeur financial affairs,
jeopardizing your financial interests and all
the material interests of the Government.
Now, because we seek to resist his appoint-
ments of men to office without the sanction of
the Senate, we are threatened with a revolu-
tion and with being on the brink of a preci-
pice, &e.
I do not think we fear these things, nor do I
think the American people fear them. On the
contrary, I have no doubt that our constituents
a,re far more determined, far more bitter, far
niiore violent in their unyielding determination
to resist these unconstitutional aggressions by
the executive authority than either of us can
be or will be.
Now, iri regard to the pending amendment—
for this extraordinary speech of my friend
from Pennsylvania has grown out of a simple
amendment—I can feel the force of the rea-
soning of the Senator from Indiana, that where
the Senate and the President fail to agree there
ought to be some way of filling the various
offices in the Government—that the mere politi-
cal or personal disagreement between these two
constitutional powers that must concur in mak-
ing an officer ought not to leave the office
vacant, because if the office was vacant per-
haps the Government would suffer in various
ways. It might be unrepresented at a foreign
court; it might not have a collector or an
assessor; it might not have officers who are
indispensably necessary. I might put the case
of a single officer, a vacancy in whose office
would prevent the payment of any money from
the Treasury of the United States.. No money
can be paid from the Treasury without the con-
currence of two or three officers, and if there
was a vacancy in the office of Treasurer of the
United States it would substantially suspend
the whole financial operations of the Govern-
ment. It is therefore obvious that we ought to
be careful to guard against the possible con-
tingency of a vacancy in office, and I have
looked at this bill to see whether such a con-
tingency could arise, but I cannot see that it
will.
By the first section of the bill, everybody now
in office or who is appointed to an office for a
fixed term is to hold his office until his suc-
cessor shall be legally appointed and qualified.
That is a principle contained in the constitu-
tions of all the States, and usually in all the
laws that we have any control over. To avoid
the danger of a vacancy in an office we .provide
that the old officer shall continue in office until
his successor is appointed. It is a provision in
almost every act of incorporation. The presi-
dent and directors of a railroad company con-
tinue in office until their successors are ap-
pointed, so that if the time fixed by law for the
election of officers passes by without the elec-
tion taking place there is a provision made for
the continuance of the corporate franchise. The
first section of this bill makes that very provis-
i011. that the persons now holding office shall
continue to discharge the duties of the offices
until their successors are appointed and quali-
fied. The third section attempts to provide for
a vacancy made by death, resignation of term
of office, or other lawful cause. In such case
there ought to be some mode of filling the
offices. The law in almost all cases designates
some one who shall fill the office of collector,
for example, which the Senator from Indiana
put, in case the collector himself dies or the
office otherwise becomes vacant. The law des-
ignates which of the deputy collectors shall fill
the offices, and so of assessors, and so of nearly
all officers of the Government. It is so no-.v in
the case of the Treasurer and the Register. The
law wisely provides in such cases for a vice
officer to perform the duties of the office, as in.
the case of the President of the United States;
so that there is no piactical difficulty.
The only question with me is whether if we
strike out this clause the President may not, in
violation of the spirit of this law and in viola-
tion of the Constitution itself, continue to reap-
point officers whom we have rejected or with-
hold from us his nominations. Take the case
that we have now before us: during the last
recess, according to some reports submitted
and laid on our tahle, there were two thousand
removals, and perhaps more than that number.
Of those two thousand cases of new nomina-
tions I doubt whether one hundred have been
reported to the Senate. Although it is our duty
to pass upon all these nominations, up to this
hour probably not one hundred of them have
been sent to the Senate. Why are they de-
layed? Why were not all of those nomina-
tions sent to us on the first day of the session
or within a reasonable period of time ? Why
is the consideration of all this multitude of
nominations postponed to the closing hours of
this short session when every Senator knows
that his hands and his mind will be occupied?
Is it the purpose of the President to withhold
the nominations from the Senate and thus to
defeat this plain constitutional provision, and
then; after we have adjourned aud gone to our
hoipes, to reappoint again the same men ? If
so, it is a violation of the spirit of the Consti-
tution, for which he or any other man who does
it ought to be punished.
It is to prevent that very state of affairs that
this provision is inserted, that in case the
President does not send a nomination to the
Senate, or in case the Senate rejects his nomi-
tion, the office, shall be vacant unless the law
itself provides that somebody else shall fill the
office. In ninety-nine cases out of a hundred
the law does provide for some one else to fill
the office. It is so in almost all the offices
that I now think of, so that no practical diffi-
culty could grow up. The only exception to
this rule that I now think of is in the case of
postmasters, who are appointed for a definite
period; but in regard to nearly all the officers
of the Treasury Department and other branches
of the Government the law itself designates
who shall fill the offices in case of vacancies.
If this amendment of the .Senator from Indi-
ana prevails the result will be that the Presi-
dent will not send to us the nominations at nil,
or at least he may do so. We may fairly argue
from the facts we have before us that lie prob-
ably will do so. or that they will be sent at so
late a period of the session that we shall not
have time to consider them, and thus he will
continue within himself the exereisc of the
appointing power in utter disregard of the
Senate.
Besides that, we know that in several cases
he has appointed men who have been deliber-
ately rejected by the Senate after full and am-
'ple consideration. In the case of the post-
master at St. Louis, a person who was rejected
by the Senate was reappointed by the Presi-
dent and now holds the office. In the case of
a collector in Philadelphia, a man who receives
and disburses' large suras of money, his nom-
ination was brought before us and deliberately
considered, not on political but on other
grounds—I may say that much at any rate—
the case was before the Senate for months,
was deliberately considered, and the nomina-
tion was rejected.
Mr. COWAN. I should like the honorable
Senator now to state the grounds upon which
Governor Johnston was rejected by the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not refer to Gov-
ernor Johnston at all.
Mr. GOWAN. He is the collector at Phil-
adelphia.
Mr. SHERMAN. I spoke of a collector of
internal revenue.
Mr. COWAN. That is another man entirely.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will take the case put
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, where a
collector of customs' in probably the second
most important port of the United States—for
I believe Philadelphia stands next to New
York in the amount of the imported goods
brought there—was nominated and his nomi-
nation was rejected by the Senate. The Sen-
ator may say it was for political reasons. It
is not for him nor for the President to say what
reason actuated the Senate. We have no right
to call in question the reasons that influence
the President in making his appointments.
Mr. COWAN. I am certain that my hon-
orable friend now has forgotten all about the
circumstances of the appointment of Governor
Johnston.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps I have.
Mr. COWAN. He certainly would not will-
fully desire to misrepresent that gentleman's
case. Governor Johnston was appointed col-
lector of internal revenue for a particular dis-
trict in Pennsylvania 
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not allude to that.
Mr. COWAN. He did not reside in that
district at the time, and the Committee on
Finance, to whom his case was referred, asked
the Senate not to advise and consent to his
appointment because the law required the col-
lector to reside in the district, and he not re-
siding there was not qualified. He was after-
ward appointed collector of the port of Phila-
delphia—an entirely different, office.
Mr. SHERMAN. In the case put by the
Senator the President was at perfect liberty
to appoint him to another office. Governor
Johnston was appointed a collcctor of internal
revenue; he was not confirmed; the reasons
for that rejection we arc not at liberty to debate
here in open Senate. He was afterward ap-
pointed to another office, and nobody blames
the President for that. My impression was,
when the Senator first mentioned the case of
Governor Johnston, that he had been nomi-
nated to us as collector of the port of Phila-
delphia before we adjourned last summui. It
seems I was mistaken iu that if so, what I
said would not apply to his case ; but we know
that a nomination of a person to be a cuHcetor
of internal revenue in Philadelphia was sub-
mitted to us, was fully considered and rejected,
and yet that person was appointed after wo
adjourned. There was a similar case in Cin-
cinnati.
If we strike out this clause, on the motion
