1878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Is he entirely ignorant of the tone of the Na-
tional Intelligencer, published in this city, whose
columns have been Joaded week after week and
month after month with similar advice, pub-
lished under the nose of the President, and
understood to be under his patronage and under
his control ? Surely the Senator is not ignorant
of all these menaces which have almost daily
issued from the Johnson-rebel newspapers of
the country. And it is perfectly natural that
they should give him this advice. Why ? Be-
cause he himself on repeated occasions, the
most solemn occasions, in his addresses to the
people when he has been journeying about the
country, has denounced Congress as an uncon-
stitutional body claiming to be a Legislature
hanging upon the verge of the Government,
and of course not constituting in his opinion
any part of tlie legitimate Government of the
. United States.
Can a President of the United States, who
is so legally and constitutionally, quietly sit
down and tolerate the presence of a body of
men acting as usurpers and claiming to be the
Legislature of the country? Would it not be
his duty, if such were the real fact, if such
were the real truth in fact and in law, to take
immediate steps to disperse them, or to arrest
them, and to cast them into prison? And still
this is the man who signed more than two hun-
dred bills of this present Congress during the
last session, approving of them as the legiti-
mate acts of the legitimate Congress of the
United States. He really did cut a fine figure,
and presented to the world a magnificent spec-
tacle of statesmanship and patriotism, in going
about the country setting up his offices for sale
to the highest bidder, and at the same time
denouncing as unconstitutional that same Con-
gress who created many of these offices, who
passed the two hundred and odd bills which
he himself had signed as President of the
United States! Sir, I hardly know what to
make of the temper of such a man. Does he
believe this to be a legitimate Congress, whose
legislation is binding upon the people? If he
does it is most marvelous that he should take
such liberties with them ; that he should turn
presidential calumniator against the very Con-
gress whose bills he had signed.
Sir, there is no telling what the rashness and
madness of a certain class of men may lead
them to do, and for one I deem it the part of
common prudence, now that we have it in our
power, to take some security against contin-
gencies such as I have pointed out. If he is
for war, if he intends to carry out the purposes
which he has announced in terms too distinct
to be misunderstood, it is our bounden duty to
protect ourselves by all the means which the
Constitution, the laws of the land, and the will
of the people have placed in our hands, and
we shall be derelict, in my judgment, if we fail
to do so.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before the Senator pro-
ceeds I beg leave to modify the amendment
which I have proposed, and to put it in a shape
which, on consultation with Senators, I think
more likely to meet their approval. I wish to
modify it so that it shall read in this wise:
. That the office of the Commissioner of Public Build-
lagsis hereby abolished; and it shall be the duty of
the President, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, to appoint a competent civil engineer,
whose duty it shall be to perform all the duties now
by law required of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings, and who shall also be the engineer of the acme-
duct.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that the duties
be given to the chief Engineer of the Army.
Mr. DIXON. As a reason for the adoption
of the section contained in the bill which pro-
poses virtually to remove the Commissioner of
Public Buildings, the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Wade] said that threats had been made of vio-
lence toward Congress, that Congress was to
be driven from this building. I of course
understood that Senator to mean that threats
had been made, I will not say authorized, but
made by some person who had in some way the
sanction of the President, indirectly at least 
Mr. WADE. The Senator will permit me
to interrupt him. He does not seem to under-
stand what I said. I said such threats had
been made by papers that appeared to be the
; President's organs, papers friendly to him, and
j with no rebuke on his part that I knew of.
I Nobody can have failed to see them in the
National Intelligencer and in the Constitutional
Union published here, and in almost all the
papers published south of us.
Mr. DlXON. I did not mean, of course,
1 to reflect upon the Senator for what he had
' said; but he made the statement that such
. threats had been made. I denied it. I did
not mean to say that there was no maniac, no
lunatic, no infatuated person in the United
States—no, I may say fool of an editor, for
there are fools among editors as well as among
other men—that there was not some man in
the United States who had uttered such a
threat. I do not know of any extent of folly
or of madness which some human being has
not reached; but I do undertake to say that
there has never been a threat of violence
toward Congress which the President of the
United States has ever indulged in or sanc-
tioned.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to ask my friend
whether the President of the United States
himself has not used language tending directly
to personal violence?
Mr. DIXON. I think not.
Mr. SUMNER. I allude to his unhappy
speech of the 22d of February, 1866.
Mr. DIXON. I think he has not.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise for the purpose of
inquiring what the question before the Sen-
a The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy.) The question is the amendment moved
by the Senator from Vermont to the amend-
ment.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is that?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read for the information of the Senate.
The Secretary. The Senator from Vermont
proposes in lieu of the second section to insert:
That the office of Commissioner of Public Build-
ings is hereby abolished, and it shall be the duty of
the President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, to appoint a competent civil engin-
eer 
Mr. JOHNSON. That will do. I do not
exactly see how that amendment presents in
any way the conduct or action which may pos-
sibly be anticipated of the President or his
organs; and as we are very much pushed for
time, I suggest to my friend from Connecticut
that perhaps it would be as well to let that part
of the debate stop where it now is.
Mr. DIXON. I barely wished to say that I
had never heard of any such threats. The
President has recommended to Congress, in
repeated messages, the propriety of admitting
loyal members from the States lately in rebel-
lion; and this is the extent to which he has
gone. He has acknowledged the right of each
House to judge of the qualifications of its mem-
bers, but has urged the importance of not ex-
cluding all because some may be disqualified;
and he has held that it was the part of wisdom
and the dictate of sound policy for each House
to admit loyal members from the southern
States. I understand that to be the substance
of what he has said, and the explanation of his
course.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As there is executive
business which requires attention, I wish to
move an executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have this
question disposed of if possible. I trust we
can take the vote on this amendment without
further debate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, when
a thing is to^be done, I think the right way is
to give the real reason for it. Now, if Sena-
tors want to get Mr. French out of office so as
to put a partisan of their own in, the right way
is to say so. You have got the power to do
il. That is, you mean to say that one man
shall receive a salary of $3,000 a year instead
I of another becanse of his political views. That
j is the square statement of this business, and I
I do not see any occasion to wander away from
1 that particular point to an abuse of the Presi-
i dent of the United States. Whatever lan-
j guage the President may have used in regard
to Congress every Senator knows very well
that it meant just this, that the President
thought Congress was not constituted and or-
i ganized now as it ought to be; that twenty Sen-
ators, representing ten States, are excluded
from participation in the deliberations of this
body, and a corresponding number of Repre-
sentatives excluded in the other House; and
that the President believes that is not ri' ht
lltider the Constitution. We all, without dis-
tinction of party, know that that is what the
President meant in the language he used.
When he referred to Congress being on the
verge of the Government, or anything of that
i sort, it simply meant what he had repeated so
often, that Congress ought to be full: repre-
sentation here ought to be from all the States.
He had expressed his views so fully and so
often upon that question that a misunderstand-
ing of it is not possible. The President never
spoke of making an attack upon Congress,
making war upon Congress in the sense re-
ferred toby the Senatorfrom Ohio,[Mr. Wade,]
And does the Senator from Ohio expect the
country to think that the real reason of this
legislation is that Congress wants somebody
to protect it? Does the Senator expect the
common-sense people to believe for one minute
that we want a Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to stand guard over us, and to save Con-
gress from a personal attack or from a militat7
attack on the part of the President?
Mr. HOWARD. I beg pardon for inter-
rupting the Senator from Indiana; but if what
he alleges was all the President intended by
what he said, and said so often, why did the
President use the terms "unconstitutional
body" in reference to the Congress of the Uni-
ted States ? I take it a body that is unconsti-
tutional has no power to enact laws for the
people of the United States. If that was all
Mr. Johnson meant, how does he explain that
meaning in reference to the very terms which
he used?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Mich-
igan knows very well what it all means just as
well as I do.
Mr. HOWARD. I think I do.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The President has over
and over again said that under the Constitu-
tion of the United States he believes that all
the States are entitled to representation, inas-
much as the language of the Constitution upon
that subject is very plain. When the Presi-
dent of the United States spoke of an uncon-
stitutional Congress, the Senator must take that
in connection with all else that' he said on the
subject, especially that which he has officially
communicated to Congress; and it is to this
point and this point alone that the Constitution
requires that there shall be a representation
from all the States, and that is denied to a part
of the States, and therefore the President thinks
the Constitution is violated.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; if for that rea-
son the Congress of which he so'spoke was an
unconstitutional body, and therefore unauthor-
ized to enact laws for the people of the United
States, was there any obligation on the Presi-
dent of the United States to carry those laws
into execution? Doesitnotfollowclearly from
the language employed that he entertained in
his own mind the idea that he was not bound
by his oath of office to see that the laws passed
by that Congress should be executed ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The President of the
United States has never said that Congress
was an unconstitutional body in that sense;
that it could not enact laws. On the con-
trary, by every act of his in connection with
Congress he has recognized the body a3 valid
and competent to enact laws.
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And the Senator knows
just as well as I do that the President has
