438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
tion against a valid act, because that we have
a right to enact. Then, again, of valid acts
there are two classes: one is good and the
other is bad. You certainly ought not to
resort to revolution against a good one; and
in reference to a bad one I submit to the con-
sideration of my friend from Pennsylvania that
we have precisely the remedy that we have
against the appointment of a bad officer. You
had better submit to it until it is repealed than
resort to revolution.
So, then, we shall not have any revolution
growing out of this little enactment of ours,
nor out of any other, if it is all the same to
my friend from Pennsylvania. But in reference
to this amendment, I think, if I understand
his argument, it is entirely unobjectionable to
him. At all events, it does no more than to
put this class of offices under precisely the
same regulation that those are where vacancies
happen by death or resignation during the re-
cess. This is the case of officers where the
terms expire during the session of the Senate.
The Constitution gives to the President no sort
of power to let them lie over and treat them as
vacancies happening in the recess; and this is
only a provision to the effect that if such a
vacancy is not filled, as the Constitution con-
templates, by an appointment with the advice
and consent of the Senate, the incumbent
holds over ; that is all.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, sudden
illness in the family of the honorable chairman
of the committee reporting this bill has called
him away, and its charge has unexpectedly de-
volved upon me. I suppose it is proper that I
should submit some views in favor of the pas-
sage of the bill; and perhaps this is as suitable
a time as any other, as I find that members
are disposed to discuss the merits of the whole
question involved.
Mr. President, I think that Congress has the
constitutional power to pass this bill. No
argument need be made as to its necessity,
for that is obvious and generally admitted.
Whenever doubts arise as to the meaning and
effect of any provision of the Constitution, as
they are supposed to arise in this case, it is
customary to refer to the proceedings of the
Convention by which the Constitution was
formed to resolve or remove those doubts.
Following that custom upon this occasion, I
find that in the proceedings and discussions
of that Convention there was no allusion what-
ever made to the subject of removals from
office, and therefore all the light that we can
obtain from that source upon the question must
be altogether a matter of inference. Some
effort has been made to construe those proceed-
ings into evidence that they sustain the claim
of executive power as to removals from office,
and which has heretofore been exercised; but
I claim that a fair and reasonable construction
of those proceedings, so far as they have any
bearing upon the subject, tend in a contrary
direction. I argue, in the first pl^ce, that the
absence of any express provision in the Con-
stitution conferring any such power upon the
President of the United States is presumptive
evidence that the men who made the Constitu-
tion did not intend that he should possess and
exercise that power.
Now, sir, the absolute power to remove from
office in this country is a very great power, a
power that enables the Executive to absolutely
control, if not revolutionize, the administration
of the Government. If the men who made the
Constitution intended the President should pos-
sess it they would no doubt have said so, for
to confer that power in express language was
an easy thing; and the fact that they did not
make any provision creating or delegating such
a power is, I say, strong evidence that they did
not intend that any such power should exist in
the President.
All primary or principal powers delegated to
any department of the Government, as a gen-
eral rule, are expressly described in the Con-
stitution, and only those powers which are inci-
dental are left to be deduced and exercised by
inference or construction. Is it reasonable to
suppose that the men who founded this Govern-
ment and made the Constitution intended to
confer this kingly prerogative upon the Presi-
dent of the United States.—a prerogative that
makes him in many respects equal to the Sultan
of Turkey—without any direct or indirect allu-
sion to. the subject in the text of the Constitu-
tion? More room would be left to prove the
existence of this power, by implication or con-
struction, if the Constitution did not, when it
created the executive department of the Gov-
ernment, describe and define the powers which
that department should exercise.
Manifestly the subject was before the mind
of the Convention ; the question was presented
and discussed there as to what powers the
Executive of the United States should pos-
sess and exercise; and therefore it cannot be
claimed that this omission to give the power of
removal to the President was an accidental
omission in the formation of the Constitution ;
but, on the contrary, it is to be presumed that
after due consideration all provisions for such
a power were excluded from the Constitution
because those who made it did not intend that
it should exist. Those powers which the Presi-
dent of the United States may exercise are
specifically enumerated and defined in the Con-
stitution ; and I think it is a rule of construc-
tion recognized by all legal authorities that
where general language is employed to create
an office, and afterward in the same connec-
tion the powers which shall attach to that
office are specifically enumerated, the particu-
lar words control those of a general nature,
and the office has those powers which are con-
tained in the specific enumeration and no
others. There can be no other object in ex-
pressly declaring what shall be the powers or
attributes of an office except to limit its juris-
diction and prevent the exercise of non-enu-
merated powers. I can see no reason why the
framers of the Constitution did not grant to
the Executive all the primary powers which
they intended he should have, and I conclude
that they did so, and they did not give him the
right to remove from office, which is a power
equal in magnitude to any that were conferred
upon the Executive.
I fortify this conclusion by the fact that the
proceedings of that Convention show that the
men who made the Constitution were distrust-
ful of executive power. Impressed with the
lessons of history, they were of the opinion
(and subsequent events have verified the cor-
rectness of that opinion) that it would be the
tendency of power to concentrate in the hands
of the Executive; and various propositions
were made in the Convention to place a limita-
tion upon bis power. Suggestions were made
that a council of state should be organized;
that a privy or ancillary council should bo
formed; that persons should be placed around
the President to advise with him as to his
executive action. Those suggestions, however,
were not adopted; but the Senate of the United
States was, to some extent, placed in the rela-
tion of a council of state to the Executive.
No opinion, as I am advised, prior to the
adoption of the Constitution was expressed on
this subject by any member of the Convention,
or any other distinguished man in the United
States, except the one that is found in the
77th number of the Federalist, and ascribed
to Alexander Hamilton. When the Conven-
tion submitted the Constitution to the differ-
ent States of the Union objections were made
to it such as had been presented to the Con-
vention, that there was reasonable ground to
apprehend that too much power was vested
in the Executive; and to silence those objec-
tions, and to satisfy the country that such an
apprehension was not well founded, Alexander
Hamilton, who was then recognized as one-of
the ablest men of the day and one of those best
qualified to expound the Constitution, pub-
lished to the country his view of that subject;
and I will trouble the Senate to hear what he
said at that time as to the question before the
Senate. Mr. Hamilton said:
" It has been mentioned as ono of the advantages
to be expected from the cooperation of the Senate in
the business of appointments that it would contribute
to the stability of the Administration. The consent
of that body would be necessary to displace as well as
to appoint. A change of the Chief Magistrate, there-
fore, would not occasion so violent or so general a
revolution in the officers of the Government as might
be expected if he were the sole disposer of offices.
Where a man in any station had given satisfactory
evidence of his fitness for it, a new President would
be restrained from attempting a change in favor of a
person more agreeable to him by the apprehension
that the discountenance of the Senate might frus-
trate the attempt and bring some degree of discredit
upon himself. Those who can best estimate the value
of a steady Administration will be most disposed to •
prize a provision which connects the official existence
of public men with the approbation or disapproba-
tion of that body; which, from the greater perma-
nency of its own composition, will in all probability
be icss subject to inconstancy than any other mem-
ber of the Government."
Now, sir, to answer the objections that were
made to the Constitution of the United States
at the time it was submitted by the Convention,
Alexander Hamilton published these views,
and, so far as I am able to learn from history,
they were acquiesced in by every member of
the constitutional Convention; and, with the
understanding that these views of Alexander
Hamilton were a correct interpretation of the
Constitution, it was ratified by the requisite
number of States ; and I say that it is fair to
infer from the history of that day that the peo-
ple who adopted the Constitution adopted it
with the understanding that, as Hamilton says,
it was as necessary that the consent of the
Senate should be obtained to displace as it
was to appoint an officer. Taking, then, all
the authorities (and they are very meager)
upon the subject prior to the discussion in the
Congress of 1789, I say that the proceedings
of the Convention and the statements of those
who were members of the Convention tend to
show that it was not the intention of the me'n
who made the Constitution to confer upon the
Executive of the United States the absolute
and unqualified power of removal from office.
Coming down, then, to the Congress of 1789,
we find that a discussion there took place
which is relied upon by those who contend for
the existence of this Executive power as set-
tling the question in favor of their position.
Whenever allusion is made to this discussion
there is an effort made to surround it with
some extraordinary sanctity, and we are ad-
monished sometimes to pull off our shoes as
we tread upon this ground because it is holy
ground.. Sir, I hope I have a suitable rever-
ence for old men and old things; but I do not
think that old decisions, like wine, grow better
by age. On the contrary, they are very apt to
partake of the obsolete customs and manners
and opinions which obtained in the day in
which they were made. I say as to that decis-
ion, in the first placc, that it is not applicable
to the question now before the Senate. Dur-
ing that Congress a bill was introduced to create
a department of foreign affairs, and the bill
proposed to confer upon the President the
power to remove* the head of that department
at his pleasure, and a motion was made to
strike that provision from the bill, and upon
that question the discussion arose ; so that the
precise question 'before that Congress was as
to whether by legislation the power ought or
ought not to be conferred upon the President
to remove a certain officer. The question
Jjefore that Congress was not as to whether the
Constitution of the United States did or did
not confer any such power upon the President.
I think every Senator will admit that it does
not follow, because Congress can pass a law
creating an office and in that law confer upon
the President the power to remove the person
appointed to fill the officc, that therefore the
Constitution confers upon the President any
such power; for there is a vast difference
between the powers which may be conferred
upon the President by the legislation of Con-
gress and the powers that are conferred upon
the President by the terms of the Constitution.
I acknowledge that the discussions upon that
motion indicate that a majority of the members
of Congress were of the opinion that this power
did belong to the President; bat it is to be
