1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
remembered, in considering the weight of that
decision, that there was a very large minority,
including some of the most eminent statesmen
of that day, who did not concur in that view.
The opinion of the Senate upon the subject
was equally divided, and the question was then
decided by the easting rote of the presiding
officer. Although, numerically, there were
more votes in favor of the right of the Execu-
tive to remove under the Constitution, it is not
altogether certain that the argument and" the
logic and the reasons were not on the side of
the minority.
To sanction this doctrine of Executive power
reference is always made to Mr. Madison, and
it is supposed to be hallowed because it is as-
sociated with his name. I do nflt, of course,
presume to say anything in disparagement of
that great and good man ; but I will take the
liberty to say that Mr. Madison was not infal-
lible, that he might have been mistaken in his
opinion ; that he might have been influenced
by considerations which cannot and ought not
to influence Congress at this time, in confirma-
tion of which it has been said by distinguished
men in discussing this subject that the proba-
bility was that the judgment of Mr. Madison
was very much influenced by his confidence and
respect for the then President of the United
States, who was justly denominated "the
Father of his Country." But, sir, in respect
to this subject, Mr. Madison might have been
" mistaken as he was in other opinions which he
then expressed, according to the judgment of
modern times, and particularly in his views as
to the doctrine of State rights, which has been
repudiated and condemned by the judgment of
the present day.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him what doctrine of State rights
as advocated by Mr. Madison has been con-
demned ? i.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Take his doctrine as
enunciated in the resolutions of 1798.
Mr. JOHNSON. If my friend will permit
me to interrupt him again, is he not aware that
Mr. Madison, in more than one letter, written
in 1832, when nullification was then main-
tained throughout the South, and particularly
in South Carolina, said he had been entirely
misunderstood; that so .far from the resolu-
tions of 1798 justifying secession, they denied
it; and his letters are written with great ability.
From the character of the man, however un-
fortunate he may have been in the language of
the resolutions he had to explain, there can be
no doubt his explanation was a very sincere
one.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no doubt that
during this discussion I shall be greatly in-
debted to the venerable Senator from Mary-
land for information in respect to the matters
involved. I know that when Mr. Madison saw
what would be the legitimate effect of the doc-
trines contained in the resolutions of 1798 he
did in letters repudiate the construction very
generally put upon them, but the language
employed in those resolutions is susceptible
at any rate of the construction which has been
put upon them by those who have contended
for the extreme doctrine of States rights. I
do not propose to discuss that question, as it is
foreign to the one before the Senate ; but I say
that those resolutions, put any construction
upon them you please, were the nest-egg of
nullification and secession in the United States,
and they have been repudiated and condemned
by the American people notwithstanding their
respect for the author. Mr. Madison, on the
subject of the National Bank claimed, if I am
not. mistaken, that it was unconstitutional, but
still upon grounds of expediency he thought
ner to approve the act creating the bank,
er to these things simply to show that it
does not necessarily follow because Mr. Madi-
son advocated this claim of power on the part
of the Executive that therefore it exists. And,
sir, if it be necessary to offset the name of
Madison with another, I will put into the op-
posite scale the name of Alexander Hamilton,
who entirely differed with Mr. Madison in the
construction of the Constitution relative to this
subjcct; and nobody will deny that if Hamilton
was not the noblest he was the ablest Roman
of them all.
Since the decision in 1789, which is relied
upon as the great authority for those advocating
the unlimited power of removal in the Execu-
tive, different men have expressed different
opinions upon this subject; distinguished states-
men have differed as to the correct construction
of the Constitution in respect to this power of
removal. Some, such as Webster and Clay
and Calhoun, have followed the opinion of Mr.
Hamilton, have concurred in the doctrine that
the Constitution did not contain any such au-
thority as the President claims to exercise;
while others, such as Wright, Woodbury, and
Buchanan, have followed the opinion that was
expressed by Mr. Madison. Some opinions
have been expressed by the Attorneys General
in favor of the exercise of this power; but, sir,
when it is found that any Attorney General in
a conflict of jurisdiction between the President
and Congress has decided against the claim
of the President by whom he is appointed, then
I shall begin to think that their opinions upon
this question are entitled to considerable atten-
tion. To illustrate my view of the weight of
those opinions I will refer to what tradition
says occurred'when Andrew Jackson proposed
to remove the deposits. Consulting with his
Attorney General, he found that some doubts
were entertained by that officer as to the exist-
ence of any law authorizing the Executive to
do that act, whereupon Old Hickory said to
him, " Sir, you must find a law authorizing the
act or I will appoint an Attorney General who
will." Attorneys General act generally in the
capacity of advocates and not in the position
of judges, and their opinions upon legal ques-
tions are entitled to as much weight as the
opinions of other respectable lawyers, and no
more. Looking at the authorities on this sub-
ject since the discussion in the Congress of
1789, we find prominent men arrayed on each
side of the question, and it is perhaps difficult
to decide on which side of the question the-
authorities preponderate.
Those who advocate the executive power of
removal rely altogether upon the legislative
construction of the Constitution, sustained by
the practice and opinions of individual men.
I need not argue that the legislative construc-
tion of the Constitution has no binding force.
It is to be treated with proper respect; but few
constructions have been put upon the Consti-
tution by Congress at one time that have not
been modified or overruled at other or sub-
sequent times; so that so far as the legislative
construction of the Constitution upon this
question is concerned, it is entitled to very
little consideration. Congress passes an act
at one session which involves a constitutional
question, and of course the passage of the act
is a construction of the Constitution by that
Congress; but at a subsequent time that act is
repealed, or another act relating to the same
subject is passed involving a different construc-
tion of the Constitution; and so you may find,
in tracing the legislative history of this country,
that the construction put upon the Constitution
by the legislative department of the Govern-
ment has been exceedingly conflicting upon
nearly all of the prominent questions upon
which public opinion has been divided.
Putting aside, then, the opinions of individual
men on both sides of this question, which are
perhaps equal; putting aside the legislative con-
struction of the Constitution for the present,
let us inquire what, if any, has been the judi-
cial exposition of the Constitution so far as
this question is concerned. I do not pretend
to say that the Supreme Court of the United
States has made any decision exactly in point;
but I undertake to say that their decisions have
a direct bearing upon the question, and so far
as they do go they tend to sustain the consti-
tutionality and correctness of this bill. I will
refer in the first place to the case of cx parte
Hennen, 13 Peters, where the Supreme Conrtof
the United States maintain the doctrine that—
"In the absence of all constitutional provisions, or
statutory regulations, it would seem to be a sound
and necessary rule to consider the power of removal
as incident to the power of appointment. This power
of removal from office was a subject much disputed,
and upon which a great diversity of opinion was
entertained in the early history of this Government."
I refer to this decision simply to show that
the Supreme Court of the United States laid
down the doctrine, in express terms, that where
there was no constitutional provision or stat-
utory regulation to the contrary, the power of
removal was incident to the power of appoint-
ment. Notwithstanding it was alleged the
other day by the honorable Senator from Mary-
land that until within a recent time there has
been no controversy as to this power in the
President, I do not see how the existence of
this power can be reconciled with the decision
of the Supreme Court in the case of Marbury
vs. Madison. I suppose that honorable Sen-
ators who oppose this bill will undertake to
show that the exercise of absolute power over
the offices of this country by the President is
consistent with the decision of the court in
this celebrated case. During the administra-
tion of Mr. Adams there were five justices, of
the peace appointed for the District of Colum-
bia. Their nominations were consented to by
the Senate; but before the commissions were
issued Mr. Madison became President and
refused to issue commissions to these five just-
ices of the peace, and application was made
to the Supreme Court of the United States for
a mandamus upon Mr. Madison to compel him
to deliver to these justices their commissions.
I wish to call the attention of the Senate, in
the first placc, to the law under which these
appointments were made, for it substantially
conforms to all laws that create offices and fix
a term of office in the act of their creation.
After dividing the District into two counties,
the eleventh section of this law enacts:
"That there shall be appointed in and for each of
the said counties such number of discreet persons to
be justices of the peaee as the President of tho Uni-
ted States shall, from time to time, think expedient,
to continue in office for five years."
Persons were to be appointed, and they were
to hold their offices respectively for the term
of five years. Under that law Mr. Adams
made those appointments. Those appoint-
ments were ratified by the Senate. Mr. Madi-
son refused to deliver the commissions; and
the court granted a mandamus upon Mr. Madi-
son compelling him to give to these men so
appointed their commissions, upon the ground
that after these men had T)een nominated by
the President and confirmed by the Senate,
under that law they were beyond the reach of
executive power and were entitled to hold those
offices for the five years, and that Mr. Madison
had no right to withhold their commissions.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will permit
me, in the case to which he refers he will dis-
cover that Mr. Jefferson had made out and
signed the commission of Marbury, but that
the commission had never been formally deliv-
ered, but was retained.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Adams, not Mr. Jef-
ferson.
Mr. HOWARD. I believe it was Mr.
Adams.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Adams signed the
commission just as he was going out of office.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, and Mr. Madison
refused to deliver it. I think it was made out
and left on the President's table, but never
formally delivered. The question was, in the
first place, as to the power of the court to
compel by mandamus the delivery of the com-
mission to Marbury, and that was really the
whole question before the court.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not differ with the
view of the case as suggested by the Senator,
and nothing that I have said is in conflict with
that suggestion. I may be in error as to the
person by whom the commission was signed.
Mr. HOWARD. It was signed by the first
Adams—John Adams.
