1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1879
never questioned the constitutional power of
Congress to enact laws; for he has recognized
that when he has delivered messages to us in
writing; he has recognized that when he has
signed bills which Congress has passed; he
recognizes that when he executes the laws
which have been passed by Congress, as he
does.
Mr. HOW A HI). Very well; then what did
the President mean in his speech at St. Louis,
in which he uttered the gentle threat that he
would veto the acts of this Congress whenever
tliey were presented to him?
Mr. HENDRICKS. What language did-the
President use?
Mr. HOWARD. I believe that was the
exact language.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think the
President used the language just as the Sena-
tor has stated it. I do not undertake to recol-
lect those kind of speeches.
Mr. HOWARD. I will send for and get a
copy of the speech itself.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The President has in-
dulged a little in that, and since this Congress
met he has vetoed a couple of bills, and I
think there is some prospect that he may veto
some more. I think it is his duty to veto
some more, and I hope he will do it; but
when he vetoed a bill the Senator knows that
by the veto he recognizes the constitutional
power of Congress to enact a law. So with
what logic or legal force the Senator's propo-
sition can be maintained I am at a loss to
understand.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend will allow
me to appeal to him. We have an immense
deal of business to do; and I really do not see
what the discussion of those old speeches has
to do with the question before tbe Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I agree with the Sen-
ator from Maine; and if he had only stopped
his friends about half an hour ago, when they
were giving a reason for a very small kind of
legislation that did not'govern them, I should
have been better pleased. If any Senator
will get up here and say that he wants the pro-
tection of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to him or the Senate, and that ttoat is
the motive which governs him in voting for
this proposition, I shall then understand it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, do let us vote.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is no Senator,
I think, who will disrobe himself of his own
manhood enough to say that. Who is afraid
of the President? What Senator? Who wants
Mr. French or anybody else to stand guard
over us? Is that the reason that is to be given
for this legislation ? But, sir, if the President
used unbecoming language at St. Louis, what
do Senators think of the language used here
against him ? Is Congress excused in recrim-
inating in such terms as are used here from
day to day ?
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Maine
is right about this, and I do not intend to take
up the time of the Senate. He has appealed to
me to discontinue this discussion, so that we
may go on with legislation. If his friend
from Ohio and the Senator from Michigan
will take th« same suggestion, I will abide by
it. If they will subside, I will subside. [Laugh-
ter.] That is a fair and square proposition.
I say this legislation is simply to put one man
into office instead of another.
Mr. WADE. I have no fears of the Presi-
dent or any of his agents, and never have had,
but I do not like to have him pretend to appoint
a guardian over us when we do not ask ft.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Who is our guardian?
Mr. WADE. The police of this Capitol
are here for some purpose.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Are they our guar-
dians ?
Mr. FESSENDEN,*(to Mr. Wade.) They
are all our friends.
Mr. WADE. I do not know whether they
are oar friends or not, and I do not care.
Gentlemen may be as calm as lambs now;
but it was not so toward the end of the last
' session of Congress. Some of them boasted
j that they were going to the people, and that
I they would come back in such strength that,
il combined with what they had in the rebel
II States, they would form a majority, and the
jj President would recognize his friends, North
]l and South, as the Congress, thus making a
i party and Congress of his own, and that we
should have to step aside. This was echoed
i; all over the country, through his organs every-
" where; and yet gentlemen now come here and
, tell us that they meant nothing by it. Sir, they
did mean it, and if they had the strength and
| power to carry it out and the courage to back
them I doubt not whether it would not have
been so. Certainly such things were dreamed
of. It was treason to think of them ; it was
high treason to speak it here; and when re-
ported by the agents of the President, and
alluded to in such terms by himself, it was what
' we might very well take measures to guard
against if we thought fit. I know very well
that if we had not been successful with the
people, if they had not backed us up, we
should have been in peril, or there is no truth
in the Democracy. [Laughter.] I do not
think there is enough to cause a man much
! | peril or much fear; but when gentlemen get
; j up now and tell us that they meant nothing by
' [ this, that we know they did not mean anything,
[ I beg leave to say that I think they did mean
: something. I think that out of the abundance
of the heart the mouth spoke. I think it did
; not speak much wisdom ; nor do I think that
if they had been successful there would have
been the courage to back their threats. But
that they made them, and that they intended
something by them, I have no more doubt
than that I am here. They told us what they
would do in case they were successful, having
no doubt that they ^rould be successful. 1
never feared that the people would back them
in such an enterprise as that, and consequently
never apprehended anything; but, as I said
before, when you put a guard over this Capitol
in times like these, I think our dignity re-
quires that we should be the authors of our
own protection, and should select the superin-
tendent who has charge of the Capitol in which
we do our business. There is no necessity
of trusting it to anybody else.
I have said nothing about the Commissioner
of Public Buildings. The Senator from Indiana
says that we do this to get rid of an officer whom
we do not like. I have not mentioned his name
or alluded to him. I thought there was a pecu-
liar fitness in our retaining this power in our
own hands, as we retain the power to appoint
all the officers that belong to the Senate and to
the House of Representatives. This officer has
almost as much to do with us and for our con-
venience in the arrangement of this building
and other matters pertaining to our business
here as the Sergeant-at-Arms or the Door-
keeper ; and in my judgment we ought to have
the same power over him. That is all there is
in the question. I have stated my opinion. If
the Senate judge otherwise I shall be content.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of execrftive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened at five o'clock, and the Senate t6ok a
recess till half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past jeven
o'clock p. m.
tuller and fisher.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to take up for
consideration House joint resolution No. 175.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 175) to audit and pay
the claim of Tuller & Fisher, of Missouri, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The horses, coaches, stage property, and
means of transportation of Messrs. Owen Tnl-
ler and Ulysses E. Fisher, mail contractors
on mail route No. 10648, between Springfield
and Iiolla, in the State of Missouri, having
been impressed in the military service ana
taken possession of and used by competent
military authority, by reason of which a large
amount of the property was captured by tne
enemy and lost to the contractors, the resolu-
tion proposes to require the Secretary of the
Treasury to have the claim of said Tuller and
Fisher audited, and to pay to them the amount
that shall be found due them for such losses,
not exceeding $12,500.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
a. u. sloo.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to take up the Sen-
ate joint resolution No. 165, reported some
days since from the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to ; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 165) to refer the claim
of the trustees of A. G. Sloo to the Court of
Claims, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. Doubts being entertained whether the
claim of the trustees of Albert G. Sloo upon
the Government of the United States for com-
pensation for extra services in carrying the
United States mails from 1851 to 1859, inclu-
sive, is embraced by existing laws giving juris-
diction to the Court of Claims, it is proposed,
in order to remove all doubts on that sub-
ject, to refer by this resolution this claim of
the trustees of Albert G. Sloo to the Court of
Claims for adjudication thereof on the petition
of the trustees presented to the court, pursu-
ant to authority conferred on the court by any
existing law to examine and decide claims
referred to it by Congress.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
equestrian statue op scott.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (II. R. No. 205) for
the erection of an equestrian statue to the
memory of Brevet Lieutenant General Winfield
Scott. It proposes to direct and authorize the
Secretary of War to contract with Henry K.
Brown, Esq., of Newburgh, New York, at a
price not exceeding $20,OIK), for an equestrian
statue, in bronze, of Brevet Lieutenant Gen-
eral Winfield Scott, to be made of the guns
captured in Mexico, and to be placed upou
his grave at West Point.
The Committee on Military Affairs proposed
to amend the resolution by striking out the
words "with Henry K. Brown, Esq., of New-
burgh, New York."
Mr. WILSON. When the committee re-
ported the amendment, we were apprehensive
that this was a job got up for the benefit of
this person; but it turns out on investigation
that Mr. Brown knew nothing of the fact that
this resolution was offered, and he is recom-
mended bv the artists of the country as the
fittest man^for the task, as preeminently quali-
fied. I hope, therefore, the amendment will
not be sustained.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out the
words "upon his grave at West Point," and
to insert "in Franklin square, in the city of
Washington.''
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to know where
Franklin square is.
Mr. GRIMES.- Franklin (quire is one of
the public squares of the city, and the Senator
himself lives very near it.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not know it by its
name at any rate.
Mr. GRIMES. I apprehend that there is
hardly any other gentleman here who does not
know it. It is a beautiful square, and it seems
to me that this capital is the place where this
monnment, if it is to be an equeitrian statue.
