1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1203
that the States lately in rebellion are out of
the Union, or dead States, doctrine hostile
to our ^professions during the war, and all the
policy of the party now in power. It does not
follow at all that these States, as such, are, or
ever were, out of the Union because we pro-
pose to establish governments where they have
been destroyed. The President decided that
their governments were destroyed, and at-
tempted to and did set up governments there-
in through the cooperation of the people, but
of the disloyal portion of the people, which
is the rock upon which he split, and upon
which we and the country have taken issue
with him; but he did not so act upon the pol-
icy that these States were out of the Union—
not at all; neither do we.
We all agree that the governments in the
rebellious States were disloyal through and
through during the war; all their agents sworn
to support another government, so called ; and
that all loyal organizations existing before the
war were destroyed. There was, then, no loyal
organizations through which the United States
could cooperate; and by treason and crimes
against the Constitution and the country the
people having forfeited all rights under that
Constitution—first and foremost among which is
the right of representation—the people against
whom they have offended, and whose Govern-
ment ours is, alone have the power to restore
them to their forfeited rights; and they can do
it in their own time and way. In doing this
great work cooperation should be had with the
loyal people in those States, and perhaps such
as were never voluntarily disloyal, but forced
to act against their country,and with such alone.
It is not only our right to proceed to this work,
but it is our duty, and we cannot avoid it. Mr.
Lincoln said on 'one occasion, in substance,
that it mattered not, so far as the question of
duty was concerned, whether these States were
out of the Union or not, all would agree that
their functions were suspended by the treason
of their people and the destruction of their
governments ; the duty being upon us (the Con-
gress) to provide governments for them, or aid
the loyal people in restoring governments to
those States. The condition of those States is
a serious disability, which the people brought
upon themselves by their own crimes and trea-
son against the country; and that disability
must be removed by and through the operation
of law, and can be accomplished in no T)thcr
way.
Kights may be forfeited by organized com-
munities that derive their powers from constitu-
tions and laws, when their governments are
overthrown by their treason and rebellion
against such constitution and laws; but.it does
not follow that the States thus fall outside of
the Union, as in the case before us, by no
tneans. They may render themselves unlit
and ineligible to the exercise of municipal or
local authority, but they can in no case escape
from under the Constitution and control of the
United States, or the loyal people of the
country, as in our case, who by their patriotism
and devotion prevented their rebellion from
terminating in a successful revolution, and the
consequent overthrow of the Government.
Taxation follows this right to control and gov-
ern. It is a power conferred by the Constitu-
tion, which rules supreme over all our people;
and while the functions of these States are
suspended and the disability of their people
remains upon them and not removed, in con-
sequence of their having forfeited their rights
under the Constitution by treason and crime,
still taxation goes with the Constitution and
our power to control and govern. So during
the war. Our right to tax was not diminished
by the fact that we were not able to do so, by
reason of the power of the rebellion at times
and in places ; but all the time this right given
us by the Constitution was as supreme over all
the country as ihe Constitution itself.
How silly the argument, then, that because
representation is not and has not been allowed
the States lately in rebellion before their disa-
bility has been removed and they are restored
by law to their forfeited rights, therefore their
people should not be taxed. The Constitution
of the United States was made by the people
and not by the States as such, as its preamble
declares, and hence it operates primarily upon
the people, and all are bound by it and at all
times under its control. Whether in rebellion
or not, loyal or disloyal, all alike are subject
to its control and must submit to its authority.
It seems, then, that the President and Con-
gress start out upon the same premises, admit-
ting the same facts, and acting upon the same
necessity, to wit, that all governments were
overthrown in the South by the rebellion, and
that a necessity existed for the establishment
of governments in their stead. He proceeded
without law and placed the States so disabled
in the hands of our enemies and the enemies
of the loyal men South who had stood by us
and the Government during the long dark night
of the war, which policy is fast eating out the
last vestige of loyalty in those Slates and for-
ever _ shutting out the last hope of social and
political equality to those faithful ones who
never faltered in their faith and support of our
cause during all the years of trial and blood
through which we have at last triumphantly
passed. We, on the other hand, in behalf of
the people we represent, and who saved the
nation's life, declare that all this policy is wrong;
its execution, as we see in the case before us,
although not. designed to be, is the crying evil
of the hour, the greatest crime against human-
ity, loyalty, and justice of the age, and should
be at once removed.
Neither can it be said that the action of the
President thus far has given those people any
additional rights. The placing of the rebels in
power in those States without authority of law,
and their exercise of power under the pretended
governments thus set up, gives them no right
that they did not have before under the Con-
stitution, and so far as our duty is concerned
they stand before us precisely as they did when
the war closed, subject to our control. The
question of reconstruction is precisely the same
and our duty the same as then in regard to those
States lately in rebellion, -
It matters not either by whom such a policy
was inaugurated, or by whom it may have been
forced upon the loyalty of the South; the ques-
tion witli us is, what is our duty or the duty of
the hour ? Great trusts are committed to our
hands; to us is intrusted the keeping of great
interests, such as take hold on the nation's life;
such, too, as a consequence that reach, in their
tender relations to such life, to the hearth-stone
of every family in the land, and to the heart
of every patriotic and devoted child of the Re-
public. These questions, then, are practical.
J t is not what we think, but what shall be done.
Action is demanded, positive action, such as
will command the respect and obedience of
all. The sovereign power of our great people
should be brought into requisition to do what
and all that the case demands and the Consti-
tution will allow, to relieve the distresses of
our people and establish our institutions and
Government upon a loyal and an enduring basis.
To accomplish all this they have commissioned
us to act for them. That all this may be ac-
complished, certainly they have made sacri-
fices enough already, but are willing still to
make more if needs be to secure this grand re-
sult, Until, however, we reap some fruits of
the battles they have fought and the victories
they have won, until wc have asserted the
powers they have given us, and exercised the
authority they have clothed us with to secure
the great ends of justice, the responsibility
will rest with us and not with them.
I have said that the policy of discarding,
now that the war is over, the Union men of
the South, and shutting them out of place and
control, is a great evil and the greatest crime
of the age. I believe it. I know it is con-
tended that there are not loyal Union men
enough South to form and sustain governments
in the States in question. This cannot be so,
and is not so. When the war broke out and
during the war many of the Union men were
compelled to flee from the States in rebellion
to the North for life and protection; others
were forced into the rebel service, and very
many joined the Federal armies. When the
war closed the most of those who had been
loyal were ready to return, and many did re-
turn, but did not fiud in the end that protec-
tion and favor to which they were entitled and
which they had reason to expect at the hands
of their Government, for which they struggled
or to which they had been loyal. Had a dif-
ferent condition of things existed they would
all havo returned to their homes and their
property and friends, and would still, could
they bo assured that they were to be preferred
to traitors, and placed in power and position
where they could protect themselves and be
protected. The facts show that in every State
there are an abundance of loyal men, who have
been loyal, and who would gladly cooperate
with the Government had they protection and
power; and so in all the rebellious States there
are thousands of men who have never given
way to treason, and as many more of the
masses of the people who were forced into the
war against their will who would cooperate
with thorn gladly under the control of the Uni-
ted States in forming governments that would
bo loyal and remain loyal.
I would place the power first in the hands
of the unconditionally loyal, give them the
control of the governments and the shaping of
their policy, as Mr. Lincoln did in Tennessee,
through and with the approbation of now Pres-
ident ,1 ohnson, allow all without distinction to
participate in the framing of such governments
who had been friends of the Government and
loyal. Very soon all the better class who were
forced into the rebellion.would be absorbed by
the policy of those who were invested with
power and control, the whole system being
based upon and supported by loyal suffrage,
and thus treason would be made odious, loyalty
honored, and the liepublic and our liberties
made secure. The leaders would then be cast
out and placed upon their good behavior, and
if ever it became safe, after we had secured all
proper guarantees for the future security of the
nation, and those States as thus restored had
adopted all the amendments to the Constitution
that have been or may be proposed for our safe-
ty, the disability of even these leaders of the
rebellion might then be removed as provided
by law. But what are our obligations with re-
ference to this work? I have said in the light
of the Constitution the work was ours and we
were bound to perform it. It is ours to initiate
and carry out the work to a completion, and we
have no right to neglect or dodge it. It then
belongs to the Executive to execute the law, and
if he fail to do his duty the responsibility is not
upon us, but upon him. If anything more
be needed to stir us to duty, we find it in the
actual condition of the people South, and espe-
cially those who have every claim upon our
protection and favor that any people can have
upon their Government.
That the spirit of the rebellion still lives
and now thrives in the South no sane man can
deny; that the determination exists to make
their rebellion honorable and the loyalty of the
South a lasting disgrace and a permanent badge
of dishonor is equally true and cannot be de-
nied. The leaders of the rebellion, being in
power in all of the ten States unreconstructed,
still defy the authority of the United States to
a great extent, and deny the power of the loyal
millions of the country, who have saved our
nation's life against their treason and rebel-
lion, to prescribe terms of settlement of this
great controversy, and deny also that they have
lost any rights they had before the war or com-
mitted any treason against the Government.
We have offered to the country a constitutional
amendment calculated to give us some security
for the future, and asking through it but very-
little of what we had the right to demand and
what a large portion of our people think should
be required at thp hands of the people and
States South before they are fully restored tq
their former relations tq the Government of
