1880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
should b« erected, and not in a grave-yard a
mile or a mile and a half from the public
buildings and Military Academy at West Point,
where no one will see it, and where it is not
appropriate.
Mr. SUMNER. I doubt whether that is
really the best place for it. I do not wish to
take up time about it.
Mr. GRIMES. I think it is the best place.
It is an unoccupied square, and we have made
appropriations for decorating it. I am willing,
however, to modify the amendment so as to
provide for its location in some of the public
squares of the city of Washington.
Mr. SUMNER. I should rather say that
than point out a particular square.
Mr. LANE. I hope the Senator from IoWa
will add to his amendment, as modified, the
words "to be designated by the Secretary of
War."
Mr. GRIMES. I so modify the amend-
ment.
Mr. NESMITH. I trust the amendment
will not be adopted. General Scott's remains
ore interred at West Point, and I think it most
appropriate that a monument of this kind ,
should be over bis remains. West Point is J
visited by many of the people of the United
States who travel, and I think it is proper that
this monument should be erected at the great
military school of the nation.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Oregon
may know a place where an equestrian statue
has been erected in a grave-yard over the re-
mains o£ some deceased warrior or statesman,
but I never heard of such a thing. These
statues are not erected as monuments over
the tombs of persons anywhere in the world
so far as I know, but are always erected in a
public square or some prominent place, to
commemorate the character of the man, rather
than as a memorial of his decease.
Mr. NESMITH. I will say to the Senator
from Iowa that if a case of that kind has never
occurred, it is time that it did occur, and I
trust this monument in memory of General
Scott will be erected at West Point.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to say, before the
resolution is passed, that I am very glad the
name of Mr. Brown is inserted. I believe he
is the only person at this moment on the
American continent with regard to whom we
have any evidence that he is capable of making
an equestrian statue. The two equestrian
statues, so-called, now in this city, I presume
any person of taste will call abominations,
which ought to be removed. Mr. Brown has
shown by his statue of Washington, in New
York, that he is essentially a sculptor and an
honor to our country and tlm age. I am very
glad that we are now about to give him tjiis
authority.
Mr. GRIMES. I merely wish to correct a
clerical mistake which has been made in trans-
posing the words in the first line, so that it
shall read "authorized and directed" instead
of "directed and authorized."
The PRESIDENTprofewipore. That change
will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think it is
right to allow the remarks of the Senator from
Massachusetts to go without some reply. I
think his is not the judgment of the country in
regard to the two statues executed by Mills,
to which he has referred. I do not make any
professions myself to judgment upon questions
of that sort; but I have heard the opinion of
very cultivated gentlemen upon the question,
and they place these two statues in a very
high rank among the specimens of art in the
world. I do not see that it was necessary to
go out of the way to traduce an American art-
ist,' a man who made himself all he is, without
any early opportunities, a poor boy, startin"
in life without any advantages, never having
seen works of art at all, as I understand, never
having the opportunity because of his poverty
to travel in foreign countries and cultivate his
taste. He has executed what I think is «n
I honor to the oountry. I regret that in the
Senate of the United States there should be
j done toward that distinguished citizen what I
regard as injustice.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to embar-
rass this resolution or delay it; but my impres-
sion is that the amendment first proposed by
the Senator from Iowa would be a better amend-
ment than that leaving the designation of the
square to the Secretary of War. Franklin
' square, in my judgment, is the best place for
it. It is a public square in a conspicuous part
of the city. It is true I live on it, and the Sec-
retary of WaT lives on it, and it might embar-
rass him to name that place. 1 have no doubt
the Secretary would select Franklin square un-
less he felt embarrassed by the fact that he lives
on it. I think there is no doubt about itB being
the best place. It is at the corner of Fourteenth
and K streets, near the public grounds, and I
would rather see the name of Franklin square
inserted so as to relieve the Secretary of War
from all embarrassment.
Mr. SUMNER. There is another place I
would mention now. Suppose it were placed
at the head of Pennsylvania avenue, looking
down the avenue, just in front of the Treasury;
a much better place and more conspicuous.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think it would
be a proper place to put a statue of the head
of the Army, in the Treasury grounds.
Mr. SUMNER. In front of the Treasury
building. That comes to my mind just at this
moment, and therefore I mention it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Secretary of War
would not want to designate any place which
was not eminently proper, and he might feel
embarrassed in selecting Franklin square, which
is evidently the proper place, because he lives
on it. I move, therefore to amend the amend-
ment which was adopted in Committee of the
Whole on the motion of the Senator from Iowa,
so as to make it read " on Franklin square,
unless the Secretary of War shall deem proper
to designate another place." That will leave
it open to the Secretary to select a place.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With the
permission of the Senate, the Chair will first
take the question on concurring in the other
: amendment which is not named by the Senator
from Ohio.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
referred to by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to am^nd that
amendment, so as to make it read " on Frank-
lin square or such other place in the city of
Washington as the SeCretery of War may des-
ignate."
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator has given us
notice that he lives on Franklin square, and he
naturally is prejudiced in favor of it. Now,
there are half a dozen places that occur to me
right off that to my mind would be preferable
for it. I would take any one of the little open-
ings on Pennsylvania avenue and prefer it
ten times over to Franklin square. There are
two or three of these little triangular spaces
between here and the Treasury. Put it in any
one of those, and it is ten times better than in
Franklin square. And why it is ten times bet-
ter? Because if a statue has any value it
ought to be where it can be seen, where it can
tell its story, and where, if it is a work of art,
as I think if this is done by Mr. Brown it will
be, it can be admired. Put it in Franklin
square, and the Senator would see it every day,
and that of course would be a great pleasure
to him; and I should be very glad that he
should be pleased; but I think you had better
leave the matter entirely open without giving
any preference to any particular square.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is an embarrass-
ment in leaving it to the present Secretary
of War because his residence is in Franklin
square. Perhaps some other officer had better
be designated to locate it who does not reside i
in the city of Washington, say the Secretary
of the Interior.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know the delicacy of the
Secretary of War in matters of this kind. I
believe fie would feel embarrassed. It might
be said that he was influenced by his own per-
sonal gratification.
j Mr. SUMNER. I hope the amendment will
| not be made. I hope it will be allowed to
stand without any designation.
j The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
1 Ohio to the amendment made as in Committee
i of the Whole.
j The amendment to the amendment was
' agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was concurred
in ; there being on a division—ayes 23, noes 5.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have
the chairman of this committee inform us what
evidence he has that the special artist named
in this resolution is entitled to this honor, and
what experience this artist has had already.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that the
committee at the last session left out the name
with the view of allowing the Government to
select a proper person ; but since then there
' has come from the artists of the country a very
general expression of the strongest character
in favor of Mr. Brown as preeminently fit above
all other men in the country for this work,
and I have not the shadow of a doubt about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is all very good ;
but my question was, what work of art he had
executed ?
Mr. LANE. The statue of Washington, in
the city of New York, the finest work of art
upon the American continent, is by this artist.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is one statue. I
do not agree with the Senator that that is the
finest work of art on the American continent
by any means.
Mr. SUMNER. The -finest equestrian
statue.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not believe in this
method of undertaking to designate in advance,
if you are going to have a work of art, what
particular artist shall do it, because it is per-
fectly impossible once in a thousand times for
a general body to ascertain what particular
person is the best. It ought to be left to the
Government, in the judgment and discretion
of whose officers we ought to have confidence
enough to believe that they will select the right
artist. It looks so much, as it generally is,
like a job—I do not mean that it is in this
instance; I do not know anything about it, as
to what are the inducements, and I do not
impute it in this case; but in general we know
that these things are got up in favor of special
and particular persons. I believe the only
right way is to leave it to the officers of the
Government to choose, upon their responsi-
bility to us as the representatives of the Treas-
ury and of the people, the proper persons to
perform these works that we think to be neces-
sary.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the resolution to be read a third
time.
The joint resolution was read the third time.
Mr. SUMNER. As the resolution is on its
passage I desire now, that it may go for what
it is worth, to enter my "protest in advance
against this statue being placed in Franklin
square. In placing it there you will depart
from all precedents of art. 1 cannot at this
moment recall a single equestrian statue any-
where which is placed as the Senator from
Ohio now proposes to place this.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Jackson statue in
this city.
Mr. SUMNER. An abomination, properly
placed where it cannot be seen. An eques-
trian statue, to be enjoyed, should be placed
where it can be seen.* It must be placed on
the highway, or close to the highway, where
you are not obliged to travel far in order to
enjoy it. For instance, the work of this same
artist in Union square, in New York, is where
