1-867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1205
fouudation-stones upon which they rest, they
will stand forever.
Unless such be the result we shall lose
nearly all the fruits of the great conflict
through which we have passed triumphantly,
and the sacrifices of blood and treasure to se-
cure such a result will have been made in
vain. Whatever may have been the objects
and purposes of the war on the part of the
Government at first, they bind no one at its
close, in settling up the controversy, to aban-
don the great results that God wrought out by
the struggle, and for the security of which He
will hold all of us responsible. The whole
world is moving onward to an advanced posi-
tion, and for our nation, which seems to be the
pioneer in'the grand march of national prog-
ress, to falter and prove false to its vows-and
attempt to turn back the great revolution,
would be to render itself unworthy of leading
the nations onward to the grand realization of
a more perfect national life. I am one of
those who through all our recent struggle be-
lieved that the great G od, having for our people
a higher and a nobler destiny, preserved us,
that by reaping the fruits of that struggle, and
applying them, to a more perfect system of
government, where justice, liberty, and equal-
ity should reign, we might give evidences of a
higher development of national life, and thus
lead the world on to a still greater advance.
During all that struggle who does not remem-
ber the dark clouds and deep seas that shutout
the light and almost buried up our hopes, when
feeling along in the darkness we were led by a
way we knew not, always, however, making
some sure and certain progress to ward the grand
result. He who was the support of our lathers
in the days of old and defended their heads in
the hour of battle because their cause was just,
was with us through all our recent struggle,
directing and guiding to such results as would
fit us, if we were true, to be the instruments in
His hand in accomplishing the ends designed.
His footprints were seen all over the field of
strife, and as the nation from time to time made
its vows and promised to be just and do jus-
tice, the cloud lifted, the storm passed, and at
last the full sun appeared in all its splendor.
Who dare now depy the obligations wo are
under to stand firmly and nobly by our plighted
vows and give efficacy and power to the nation's
voice?
Too many of us seem to forget that "the
battle is not to the strong and the race to the
swift," but, influenced by the passions and
prejudices born of old political notions and
theories, stand up in our own sufficiency and
power and try to force against the age and its
advancing spirit those old notions and theories,
which were too often perversions of right, jus-
tice, and liberty, in the main, having no author-
ity in our great Bill of Rights or the Constitu-
tion itself.
The gentlemen upon the other side of this
Chamber, who represent the so called Demo-
cratic party of the country, for that party and
in its behalf exhibit a zeal worthy of a much
better cause in their advocacy and support of
those old notions and theories, and in their
opposition to every measure of progress and
advancement. They struggle as with the tena-
city of life against the swelling tide of progress
that presses them, apparently never for a mo-
ment reflecting that behind and above ail the
struggle a divine purpose pushes on the rolling
current, and will surely sweep away all who
oppose its resistless tide. They cling to the
dead, loathsome, stinking carcasses that the
great revolution has and is leaving behind us
as the blasted wrecks of the wicked, oppressive
forms and systems of the past, and fail to catch
the new spirit and life of the present and see
in them the new creations of the future. We
are now giving life and power to the true spirit
of our Constitution and the liberties handed
down to us by the fathers of the Revolution,
who by dav and by night, in the storm and in
the sunshine, during all the eventful struggles
ofthat Revolution, were inspired by the broadest
liberty, the most unselfish patriotism, and a
sense of the equal rights of all men, and'equrib
and exact justice for all before the law. No
other policy can live and thrive hereafter iu
this land of liberty, neither cau the Republic
long survive the overthrow and destruction of
these certain and sure elements of national life.
Why, then, struggle longer against the great
God for mastery ?
It is not a question longer of physical force,
but of the supremacy of ideas and thoughts,
tempered and fashioned by a true spirit and
made^oble and sublime by their exalted and
divine character. It is in fact the same strug-
gle that has been upon us ever since our Gov-
ernment was established, which for a time
took the shape of strife upon the field of bat-
tle, but which again assumes its wonted field
of operations to control the minds, consciences,
and hearts of the people. In fact, it is the con-
tinuation of the world's great struggle between
right and wrong, justice and injustice, which
has always iJeen going on, and which is now
especially intensified in our own country. Lot
us briefly rehearse its history generally and as
it relates to us.
Who that has road the history of the world's
great conflicts, and carefully studied their na-
ture, tendencies, and results, as affecting human
character and human destiny, and the existence
and perfection of human society and govern-
ment, but can see the hand of the great God
in them all defending the weak, for with the
weak is very often the right in great moral
conflicts. Men have gone forth to battle with
their fellows, nations have been upheaved
with the throes of great civil commotions until
the earth has quaked and the skies been covered
with the darkness of battle, but no physical
causes produced the struggle. Antecedent to
all this, thought has grappled with thought,
purpose clashed with purpose, ideas battled
with ideas, mastery being claimed for each
side, until, as in our case, physical force came
in as a last resort to settle the question at issue
between the contending ideas and thoughts.
Always has this been the case, and it is im-
possible to be otherwise in such great moral
and political conflicts. It has been very diffi-
cult at times in the heat and storm of the strug-
gle to see the bearings of the conflict, it is true ;
but after the storm had passed and the elements
had settled down into their new relations mid
combinations, we see that some great truth has
been developed, some fetter upon humanity
has been broken, and it may be a whole_raco
or a nation born into a new life with a higher
and nobler destiny than before. God, in the
parson of his Son, has given the world a guar-
antee that the great truths of Ilis gospel shall
triumph in the world, and woe to the nation or
the people who thrust themselves against His
omnipotent decree. Onward and still onward
has the great thought of the universal brother-
hood of man, a common immortality to all,
an equal chance in the race of life U) secure
the highest hope of a common Christianity, all
of which is the central, all-controlling idea of
this gospel, been making its way, elevating by
degrees, but surely, the thoughts of the people,
producing here and there startling revelations
and hastening the world on to still higher hopes
and a more illustrious advance.
The struggle, though silent, is majestic and
grand. It is the working of the great thought
of Omnipotence in the minds and hearts of
men, stirring them to the oftentimes wonderful
developments of progress that astonish the
world. While great struggles of physical forcc
have wrought out grand results as they have
given ascendency to grander ideas and thoughts,
still all the great achievements in the history
of mankind have not been the results of such
conflicts, but not unfrequently they have come
to pass in the ordinary progress of events, the
results of intellectual and moral forces. Prior
to the Revolution the same struggle filled the
colonies with apprehension and at the same
time determination.
The great thought of civil and religious lib-
erty that filled the hearts and swelled the
bosoms of those early voyagers in the May-
flower lived and burned in the. hearts of our
ancestors,.and strengthened them to demand
in the name of that eternal justice that inspired
them with holy ardor for the defense of the
right, those things which of right belonged to
them, and to wrench from tyranny's grasp their
land and its liberty.
The young Republic in all the vigor and ex-
uberance of its new and happy life, with bright
prospect moved on in its orbit among the na-
tions to reap the rich harvests of its more mature
and illustrious days. How soon it found that
it had only entered upon the threshold of its
trials, that at best it had only started into life,
and with the very startj evil, avarice, ambition,
aristocracy, and a spirit of despotism were all
struggling for the mastery over its better, nobler,
and holier purposes and aims. How soon it
found that the great central inspiring thought
of a common humanity and equal justice to all,
which thought by day and by night during all
the weary and bloody years of trial that ended
in our liberties, lifted up the sinking hearts of
our people and made them strong amid disaster
even, as they thought of the eternal justice of
Him who had ever listened to the cry of his
oppressed people, and to whom they had made
their solemn vows. The same struggle that had
existed for nearly' eighteen hundred years be-
tween truth and falsehood, between liberty and
oppression, still survived, and began to fill the
young Republic with discord, contention, and
strife. The shock of battle had been displaced
by the close contact between antagonistic ideas
and opposing thoughts. And stij^the war goes
on. Parties rise and fall as the victory turns
upon one side or the other.
And so on through all the long and tedious
war of conflicting ideas and antagonisms we
, have passed, the right steadily gaining strength,
until that great moral and political struggle
came in 1800, which resulted in the ascendency,
in part at least, of the better idea, the heaven-
bom idea, that man is a man, entitled to his
liberty and to rank with his fellow in a com-
mon brotherhood, arid share at the same bar
on earth, as in eternity the same, and an equal
dispensation of mercy and justice. As in all
time past oppression and crimo, beaten before
the bar of public opinion, has been loth to yield
to the judgment rendered without a struggle,
so in this case they flew to arms, bid defiance
to the conquerors of the field of peaceful con-
flict, covered over the land with armed men,
and under the plea and pretense of injury re-
ceived, waged a cruel, unrelenting, and bar-
barous warfare against the nation's life and
the defenders of civil and religious liberty.
The heaving, surging sea of angry, bloody
strife has become still as the wave of battle
has subsided, but down in its mighty depths
the current rolls on and on, and still the war
of antagonisms and conflicting ideas continues.
God, my friends, has not abandoned the field
yet, and will not leave it until every knee shall
bow and every tongue shall confess that he is
God forever more. Ilis eternal justice is doaf
to all appeals that come short of being inspired
by the Divine precept embodied in the "golden
rule," and it is useless to presume upon His
forbearance and mercy while we regard iniquity
ill our hearts and practice it toward those for
whom He has overruled this great conflict and
directed it to a happy issue.
If, then, in the light of history, our own ex-
perience, and the present, these things be so,
why contcnd longer with inevitable destiny?
We shall surely be worsted, for no arm raised
against the right shall long prosper.
The same struggle will go on. Constitutions
may throw up barriers against it, laws may
dcclare that peace shall reign through all the
laud, resolutions of great conventions may de-
nounce agitation in advance) and parties, Presi-
dent, Congress, and people, may anathematize
the man or set of men who may dare to break
the constitutional silence, it matters not. No
outward applications will cure the disease. In®
practice must bo radical—I mean in no offen-
siveseiiso—the remedy mustenterinto the whole
circulation, purifying the source and fountain
