1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1881
every passer-by can see it and enjoy its ability.
And it' one goes to Europe in imagination there
is not a single considerable equestrian statue
anywhere worthy of note that 13 placed where
the Senator from Ohio proposes to hide this.
I make these remarks now, in advance, and
by way of protest and notice. The place that
is proposed is inconsiderable. It ought not to 1
be there. If we are to appropriate this money, '
I wish the statue to be where the people can
really enjoy it and profit by it, not place it in |
a recess or in a hiding-place where it can only i
be enjoyed by the Secretary of War and the .
Senator from Ohio. j
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and .
nays on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cattell, Creswell,
I);lvU, Dixon, Doolittio, Foster. Fowler. Grimes, Hend-
ricks, Howe, Lane, Nesmith, Norton, Nye, Ramsey,
Ross, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, Willey, and Wilson—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Crajtia, Edmunds, Fogg. Harris,
Pomeroy, and Wade—6.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buekalew, Chandler, Conness,
Cowan, Fessenden, Frelinghuyson, Guthrie, Hender-
son, Howard, Johnson, Kirkwood. McDougall, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Patterson, Poland, Riddle, Saulsbury,
Williams, and Yates—20.
So the joint resolution was passed.
message from tile house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House has passed the joint -resolution
of the Senate (S. R. No. 182) for printing addi-
tional copies of the Appendix to the Diplomatic
Correspondence of 1865.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 1176) making ap-
propriations for the naval service for the year
ending 30th June, 1867.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses 011 the
bill of the House No. 878, to quiet the title to
land in the town of Santa Clara, in the State
of California.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives has passed the bill of the
Senate (S. No. 592) to provide for a temporary
increase of the pay of officers of the Army of
the United States, and for other purposes, with
amendments, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
The message further announced the passage
by the House of a bill (H. R. No. 1222) for
the relief of Samuel Silver, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am directed by the
Committee on finance, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 11G1) to amend existing
laws relating to internal revenue, to report it
with amendments. I hope it will be printed
by to-morrow.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I send to the Chair an
amendment, which I intend to propose to the
internal revenue bill, which I ask to have
printed with the other amendments.
The proposed amendment was ordered to be
printed.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the committee on
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill of the House No. 896,
making appropriations for the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending 30th of June, 1868,
and for other purposes, reported that having
met, after full and free conference the com-
mittee were unable to agree.
• On motion by Mr. FESSENDEN,
Resolved. That the Senate farther insist upon its
amendments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House
•of Representatives, and disagreed to the amendment
of the House to the forty-sixth amendment of the
Senate thereto, and ask a further conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Sherman, Mr. Poland, and Mr. Bucka-
lew.
santa clara land titles.
j Mr. CONNESS, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
' Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 878) to qniet
the title to land in the town of Santa Clara, in
I the State of California, submitted the follow-
ing report:
I The committee of conference on the disagreeing
! votes of the two Houses upon the bill of the House
No. 878. to quiet title to land in the town of Santa
Clara, in the State of California, alter full and free
conference, do agree to recommend to their respect-
ive Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from so much of their
amendment as inserts in the bill, and also in the title,
the word " Placerville," and that the Senate agree to
the said amendment as modified;
And also that the House reoede from their disa-
greement to the other amendments of the Senate to
the said bill, and agree to the same.
JOHN CONNESS.
HENRY WILSON,
JOSEPH S. FOWLER.
Manager* on the part of the /Senate.
D. C. McRlTER,
S. T. HOLMES, |
A. J. GLOSSBRENNHR,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
civil appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1173) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1868, and for other purposes, |
the pending question being on the motion of ,
Mr. Edmunds to the clause abolishing the
office of Commissioner of Public Buildings, :
which the Committee oa Finance proposed to ;
strike out.
Mr. MORRILL. Is it in order to amend
the amendment? %
The PRESIDENTUpro tempore. The Chair 1
thinks not. It is an amendment to an amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I ask the attention
of my friend from Vermont to the proposition
which I will read, and I ask him to accept it
as a modification of his amendment, in order to
make it a little more complete. It is to add |
to his amendment: !
Said engineer shall have the superintendence of
the Washington aqueduct and all public works and i
improvements of the Government of the United 1
States in the District of Columbia, unless otherwise ;
provided by law. j
Mr. EDMUNDS. I accept the modifies- j
tion. i
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend- '
ment of the Senator from Vermont, as modi- ]
fied by him, will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
lows :
That the office of Commissioner of Public Build-
ings is hereby abolished; and it shall be the duty of
the President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, to appoint a competent civil engineer j
who shall perform all the duties now required by law
of the Commissioner of Public Buildings, and who
shall also have the superintendence of the Washing-
ton aqueduct and all the public works and improve-
ments of the Government of the United States in the
District of Columbia, unless otherwise provided by
law. ;
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to suggest a fur-
ther modification of the amendment by adding
to it:
And the President pro tempore of the Senate and
the Speaker of the House of Representatives shall
hereafter appoint th« members of the Capitol police.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
that, and I accept it. !
Mr. SHERMAN. I make this motion at |
the suggestion of the Commissioner of Public :
Buildings, Mr. French himself, who says that |
practically that has been done in times past, i
and that it would be a relief to any officer j
charged with this business to have that duty j
invested upon the Presiding Officers of the Sen- i
ate and House of Representatives, who really
have legal custody of this building, and there- |
fore it is proper that they should have tliepower j
to designate the police. 1
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the clause as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on striking out the section as
amended.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Have we taken a vote
on striking out the section as originally reported
from the Honse of Representatives?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The section
as it came from the House has been amended
by the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont, on the principle that the section may be
perfected before the question is taken on strik-
ing it out.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. This section as it came
from the House has been stricken out already,
then?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has been altered by
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should have said
nothing on this section but for a remark that
fell from the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.]
Speaking of those who sustained the Presi-
dent's policy, he said, "You had threatened by
force to drive out the present Congress and to
recognize and establish another Congress." I
undertake to say that the Senator from Ohio
has, in my opinion, heard no such language
from any gentleman in this body, with the
exception it may be that language once used
by a Senator from Kentucky was susceptible
of such a construction. When that language
was used by him the Senator from Ohio must
remember that gentlemen who sustained the
Administration at once took issue with him
and declared that such a doctrine was not to
be -tolerated and was revolutionary in its char-
acter.
Mr. DAVIS. I presume that the allusion
in the remarks of the Senator from Wisconsin
is to myself. I never uttered such a sentiment
as he says was attributed to me. I never spoke
in favor of any man or any power driving any
Senator from this body. I spoke of the right
of the Senators from the southern States to be
admitted as Senators upon this floor, and I
am of that opinion-still. I said this: that the
President had the unquestionable power under
the Constitution, if there were two bodies of
men collected together, each claiming to be
the Senate of the United States, to recognize
which one of the bodies he pleased as the
Senate; and in that position I am sustained
by the decisions of the Supreme Court. In-
stead of that principle being revolutionary, it
is in the strictest conformity to the Constitu-
tion, and has been sustained by the Supreme
Court in repeated decisions, as I am ready at
any time to prove.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think a further amend-
ment is needed to make the section perfect.
The salary of this officer ought to be fixed by
law. I move, therefore, to amend the amend-
ment by inserting at the proper place " whose
annual compensation snail be $3,000 per
annum."
Mr. TRUMBULL. It ought to be more.
Certainly if you get a competent man for this
place he ought to have more than that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He has to be superin-
tendent of the aqueduct also.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we pay an engi-
neer for the aqueduct alone $2,500 or $3,000
now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say $4,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think $4,000 is cer-
tainly small enough.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suppose the amend-
ment is not amendable, as it js an amendment
to an amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is an
amendment to an amendment, and is therefore
not amendable.
Mr. kNTHONY. I do not see why we
should have a civil engineer to take charge of
the public buildings. Why not an architect ?
I think these should be separate offices. I do
not think one man can attend to «11 that is
here proposed. What we want for oar build-
