1667.
wm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
withstanding the provisions which the Consti-
tution contains, that the country was about to
try an experiment with an Executive ftat
would end in monarchy.
The Constitution, as it will be seen, does
not confer upon the President the power of
appointment. -I know that in common par-
lance it is said that the President appoints an
officer, but the Constitution does not give him
that power. It provides that "he shall nom-
inate, and by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate shall appoint." The President
names 'persons for offices. A name is trans-
mitted to the Senate ; but whether or not that
person so named shall fill the office for which
the President designates him ia the province
of the Senate to determine. I say that the
Constitution of the U nited States, not in phrase-
ology perhaps as explicit as might be employed,
practically constitutes the Senate an electoral
Body, and when a name is submitted the Sen-
ators proceed to vote, and if a majority vote
in favor of the appointment of a man nomi-
nated the Constitution contemplates that he
is appointed; if a majority vote against his
appointment he is not appointed; and so the
power over the appointment is in the Senate
of the United States.
Now, sir, if it is claimed that the Constitution
confers upon the President the power of ap-
pointment in any of its general clauses, I will
ask the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
what it means when it provides that "the Con-
gress may by law vest the appointment of such
inferior officers as they think proper in the
President alone?" Does not the Constitution
clearly convey the idea that the President alone
has no power to appoint unless that power is
conferred by Congress ? To assume that under
the Constitution the President has the absolute
power of appointment in all cases is to make
the Constitution, so far as this clause is con-
cerned, perfect nonsense; for if all power to
appoint was conferred upon the President by
the Constitution it would be absurd to confer
such power in specific cases. Why should
Congress be authorized to confer a power which
is already in the hands of the Executive by
virtue of the Constitution?
It is to be remembered, too, that the President
is authorized to fill vacancies that may happen
during the recess of the Senate. I argue that
if entire power of appointment was in the hands
of the President it would not be necessary to
specify these particular cases in which heshould
exercise the power, and the inclusion of these
cases is the exclusion of all others. Sir, it
seems to me, when you put a reasonable con-
struction upon the clauses referred to in the
Constitution, there is no escape from the con-
clusion that in all other cases, except where it
is otherwise specially provided, persons must
be appointed to office upon the nomination of
the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate.
To concede the power of removal to the
President is to concede the absolute power of
appointment. Assume that the President of
the United States may, without the advice and
consent of the Senate, remove a man from
office, and you ex necessitate rei assume that he
may make an appointment to fill the vacancy
so created.
Let us illustrate this view by the course of
the present Executive. During the recess of
the Senate he removed good men from office
npon party grounds and then appointed his
own creatures to fill the vacancies so made by
granting to them commissions that would
expire at the end of the next session of the
Senate. The nominations of some of these
creatures were rejected by the Senate and
thereupou the President, instead of nominating
other persons, waited until the Senate ad-
journed, and then reappointed the persons so
rejected, thus at his own will displacing good
men and perpetuating his own creatures in
Office in spite of all efforts of the Senate to
prevent' it.
Sir, if the President can exercise the power
in one case he can in all cases. I object,
therefore, to this right of removal on the part
of the President, because it necessarily involves
the right of absolute and unlimited appoint-
ment, and I am confident that the Senator
from Pennsylvania will not contend that the
Constitution contemplates that the Executive
should possess any such power.
Two ideas are made prominent in the clause
which, provides that the President shall have
power to fill up all vacancies that may happen
during the recess of the Senate by granting
commissions which will expire at the end of
their next session. Let it be observed that
this clause does not confer upon the President
the power of appointment, but he may !' fill up
vacancies," clearly implying that it is a tem-
porary arrangement required by the necessity
of the case, that it is only to continue until the
ad"ice and consent of the Senate can be taken ;
otherwise the Constitution would declare that
the President might make an appointment to
fill a vacancy. But, sir, another idea which is
made prominent by this section is, that this
power is to be exercised within a given time
" to fill up vacancies that may happen during
the recess of the Senate;" no other vacancies.
Any vacancy that may happen during the re-
cess of the Senate the President may fill; and
the clear intent of that clause of the Constitu-
tion is that as to time his power shall be lim-
ited until the next session of the Senate. I
say that there are two noticeable idea3 in this
clause as to vacancies. One is that this filling
up is to be temporary; and the other that it is
to be exercised within a given time; and it is
in disregarding this last idea that the Presi-
dent pretends to find his power to fill an office
at any time that is not filled by a person ap-
pointed by and with the advice of the Sen-
ate. What is the use of taking the advice of
the Senate as to an officer if as soon as the ad-
vice is taken that officer can be removed by
the President and -another appointed in his
place without consulting the Senate? Such a
power in the Senate is a shadow and a mock-
ery. I understand this clause as to vacancies
of the Constitution to be intended simply to
bridge over that space of time which may in-
tervene between different sessions of the Sen-
ate; but when this designation, or appoint-
ment if you choose, is made during the recess,
then when the Senate convenes the control of
the President over that vacancy ceases, and it
then becomes a question betw«*n the Presi-
dent and the Senate as to whether the vacancy
shall or shall not be filled.
The Senator from Maryland suggested that
this clause ought to be construed as though
it read, '1 vacancies that happen to exist;'' and
that the construction contended for by those
who advocate this bill was equivalent to say-
ing "any vacancy that may happen to occur."
Now, to say that a vacancy happens to occur
is simply to say that it happens: but when you
speak of a vacancy that happens to exist you
speak of a vacancy without any reference to
the time when it originated. Take the reading
of the Senator, and the President has the
power to fill any vacancy; but the reading for
which I contend restricts his power to certain
vacancies; a certain time is described. The
{)ower is to be exercised with reference to that
time. Now, sir, can it be said with any pro-
priety that when the President of the United
States, for personal ends or party objects, de-
liberately removes a man from office, and so
makes a vacancy, that the vacancy has hap-
pened? "Vacancy" here, as connected with
the word "happen," implies some casualty,
something unforeseen, something like the death
or resignation of the incumbent. So far as
the expiration of term is concerned, it happens
as to the President. Whenever an office dur-
ing the recess of the Senate is made vacant by
any power over which the President has no
control, then a vacancy happens as to him;
but when he proceeds and by his own deliber-
ate act creates a vacancy, then it does not
happen, but it is made. Sir, you might as
well-argue that when the husbandman plants
his seea and cultivates his crop that the har-
vest which follows "happens" to him; or you
might as well argue that when the mechanic
proceeds deliberately and carefully to construct
a watch that upon its completion it happens
to him. When the President of the United
States, consulting with his political friend®,
concludes that the removal of a certain man
from office is necessary to advance the inter-
ests of his party, and therefore proceeds to
remove him and make a vacancy, how it can
be said that a vacancy then happens is more
than I can understand; and to say that is doing
violence to the English language and to the
common sense of all men who can read the
Constitution.
_ Commissions granted during vacancies ex-
pire at the end of the next session of the
Senate. One question involved in this hill is,
whether or not, when the vacancy is not filled
at the session after it happens, the President
can afterward proceed and appoint a person
to fill the office upon the assumption that the
place is vacant. I have before said that wlea
a nomination is submitted to the Senate by the
President, and the Senate refuses to agree to
that nomination, refuses to elect anybody to
fill the office, it must then be concluded that
it is the judgment of that body that the office
shall not at that time be filled. Whether the
Senate acts wisely or unwisely is not material
to the question ; whether they ought or ought
not to make such a decision is of no conse-
quence ; but_ if they do so decide they only
exercise their constitutional power, and it is
to be presumed that the decision is made for
good reasons and ought to stand, notwithstand-
ing the objections of the President.
I deny that the President- of the United
States, by virtue of the Constitution, has any
power of removal. I affirm, and it will not be
denied, that the existence of that power involves
the existence of the absolute power of appoint-
ment, and the Constitution is thus made to de-
feat itself. All the Constitution says about the
action of the Senate as to appointmen ts amounts
to nothing if you find within its provisions any
power in the President to make removals at
his individual will or pleasure. I do not under-
stand that this absolute power of removal has
ever been contended for until within a late
period. If I am not mistaken as to the history
of the country, removals without cause aver-
aged about two for each Administration for the
first forty years of the Government; and Gen-
eral Washington, instead of removing an offi-
cer during the recess of the Senate when he
was found to be unfit to discharge its duties,
suspended him, as this bill provides that the
Presideut shall now suspend in such a case.
He did not claim this extraordinary power of
removal; it was not claimed by his successors
until within a comparatively late period; and in
the discussions of 1T80 it was not contended
by Mr. Madison that the President had the
unlimited power of removal; but it was argued
that if an officer was incompetent or dishonest
he might be removed by the President. When
there was good cause the President, it was said,
might remove ; but it was admitted then by the
advocates of this power that if the President
of the United States, for any other purpose
than to subserve the public interests, displaced
a good officer it would be ground for impeach-
ment.
This is the view of the subject taken by the
founders of the Republic. Some of them
claimed that the President could exercise this
power but only where there was cause. Now
it is claimed that the President has the un-
limited control of all the officers in the Gov-
ernment, and that he may remove any or all of
them at his pleasure and without any reason
or any cause. This bill only undertakes to
control what has been confessed by the advo-
cates of this power to be an abuse of the ex-
ecutive authority. What does it propose to
do? Take it altogether and it amounts prac-
tically to this: that the President shall not
