442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
remove persons from office without cause; but
whenever an officer should be dismissed from
the performance of his duties and another per-
son put in his place this bill provides that it
maybe done. It provides forevery case where
the public necessities or interests demand a
change, and it only prohibits the abuse of ex-
ecutive power. I presume that no Senator
will contend that Congress cannot prohibit by
law the abuse of his authority by any officer
of the Government.
Acknowledge, if you please, that the Pres-
ident has the power of removal, then cannot
Congress by legislation declare and provide
that he shall not abuse that power ? It was
admitted by Mr. Madison, and, for forty years
after the Constitution was formed, by every-
body, that a removal from office for personal
ends or party purposes was an abuse of execu-
tive authority, and was a violation of the spirit
if not the letter of the Constitution.
Now, sir, all we propose to do is simply to
prohibit and prevent the abuse of. that power.
I referred to the case of ex parte Hemien,
where the power of removal was held to be an
incident of the power of appointment. All
respectable authorities sustain that position.
Now, is that law or not? Will some of these
hori&rable Senators who contend for the exist-
ence of this power in the President tell me
whether that opinion of the Supreme Court,
deliberately pronounced, is or is not the law
of the land? I assume that it is the law, be-
cause it has been sustained by other author-
ities and is not denied; and if it be the law,
then I say that this bill stands upon an immov-
able foundation, because the power of ap-
pointment is undeniably vested in the Pres-
ident and Senate of the United States. One
cannot appoint without the other. Now, is it
good logic to argue that the power of removal
is incident to the power of appointment—the
power to appoint is in the President and Sen-
ate, and therefore the President has the right
to remove? Is it not just as good logic to
argue that the power of removal is incident to
the power of appointment—the President and
Senate appoint, and therefore the Senate may
remove ? But, sir, the correct logic is, that the
power of removal is incident to the power of
appointment; the President and Senate ap-
point, therefore the President and Senate may
remove. There is no constitutional prohibi-
tion, there is no statutory regulation upon this
subject, to prevent the application of that doc-
trine ; and 1 say that unless gentlemen. can
overthrow the opinion of Alexander Hannlton,
the opinion of the Supreme Court in the case
of Marbury vs. Madison, the. opinion of the
Supreme Court in the case of ex parte Hen-
nen, they cannot escape from the conclusion
that the consent of the Senate is necessary to
the removal of an officer to whose appoint-
ment it was necessary to have the advice and
consent of the Senate.
The Constitution provides for certain ap-
pointments, but Congress is authorized to pro-
vide for certain other appointments. All the
clauses of the Constitution bearing upon this
subject contemplate that much of the control
of the appointing power is to be in Congress.
Where the President appoints, he is to appoint
with the advice and consent of the Senate;
but Congress may confer the appointment of
certain officers upon the President alone or
upon the heads of Departments; and so the
Constitution recognizes the legislative control
of Congress over this question. Congress has
power to create an office; Congress has power
to define the tenure of that office; and 1 ask
why Congress has not power to say that when
a man is appointed to an office which it has
created, and the tenure of which it has fixed, he
shall not be removed before the expiration of
his term? Tell me, if you can, where in the
Constitution can be found any provision that
deprives Congress of this right. Does not the
power to create an office necessarily imply a
power to declare when and how it shall be
filled? Does not the power to create an office
n.ecessarily embrace the power to declare that
when a man, upon the nomination of the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, is appointed to fill it, he shall hold
that office until by and with the advice and
consent of the "Senate he is removed?
I hope, Mr. President, that Senators who
argue this question on the other side will not
fail to notice this distinction. The question
is not so much as what the Constitution does
or does not provide, or as to what the Con-
stitution does or does not confer upon the
President, but the question is, has the Con-
gress of the United States the power under the
Constitution to create offices and declare dur-
ing what time the persons appointed to fill
shall hold those offices ? All that this bill pro-
poses is simply to say, in substance, that when
a man, under the Constitution, upon the
nomination of the President, is appointed by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
he shall hold until his successor is nominated
by the President and appointed by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate; and I
ask any reasonable man if that is not what the
Constitution contemplates. I say it is a plain
perversion of the Constitution when, under that
clause which authorizes the President to fill
vacancies, he undertakes to absorb all the
power of the appointment and ignores and
disregards the authority and will of the Senate.
I have briefly and hastily gone over the
grounds on which I assume that this legisla-
tion is within the constitutional power of Con-
gress: and surely its necessity is apparent.
The honorable Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Bockalew,] who will address the Senate
upon this subject, is too candid to stand up here
and say that there is no necessity for such legis-
lation, because the encroachments of the exec-
utive power upon the legislative in this respect,
if in no other, are alarming; and the abuse of
executive patronage is tending to undermine
our institutions and is producing a demoral-
izing and disastrous effect upon the best inter-
ests of the country. I shall not, therefore,
undertake to argue the necessity of this legis-
lation. Everybody knows what is transpiring
and what has occurred since the last session
of the Senate. Hundreds of officers, good and
true men, have been' removed without any
cause, and greatly to the prejudice of the public
service, simply to promote certain party ends
and purposes; and others who were nominated
and rejected by the Senate at its last session
have been reappointed; and in this high-handed
way the interests of the country have been sac-
rificed and the authority of the Senate con-
temned to subserve the purposes of an ambi-
tious, unscrupulous Executive. And if this
Eolicy, which has been growing every year and
as at last assumed its present formidable pro-
portions, is allowed to go on unchecked, the
time is not far distant when the Senate of the
United States will become a cipher and the
President a perfect despot, so far as the offices
of the Government are concerned.
Sir, this bill is only intended to vindicate the
constitutional power of the Senate. We have
more light on this subject than the men who
made the Constitution. Sir, they were good
men and patriots, but they were born and edu-
cated underamonarchicalformof government.
Some of them had certain ideas about the ex-
ecutive power derived from their education. I
do dot intend to impeach their wisdom, but
they lacked our experience. We have seen
the operation and effect of this power; we have
seen how dangerous it can become in the hands
of a bold, bad man; we have seen how it can
be used to debauch the public mind. When
the mischief is so great and obvious it is our
duty, regardless of precedents, to applythe rem-
edy. Believing that there is nothing in the pro-
visions of this bill which is in conflict with the
Constitution, I hope that it will become a law.
I trust it will not be regarded as any mere
party measure, but as an honest effort to bring
back the Government to the purposes and
views of the men who made it. **'
Mr. JOHNSON obtained the floor, and on
his motion the Senate proceeded to the consid-
eration of executive business.
_ After some time spent in executive ses-
sion the doors were reopened and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 14, 1867.
fhe House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
call op states amd territories.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the call of States and Territories for bills
and joint resolutions for reference, and not to
be brought back by a motion to reconsider.
By the amended rule joint resolutions from tlie
Legislatures of States and Territories may be
presented under.this call.
certificates of discharge.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, introduced a
joint resolution authorizing the President to
issue certificates of muster and discharge, on
parchment, to all honorably discharged officers
of the Army; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
bounty.
Mr. HART introduced a bill providing for
the payment of bounty to the representatives
of soldiers killed or who died in the service
whose term of enlistment was less than one
year; which was read a first and second time
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
privileges of citizenship.
Mr. SHELLABARGER introduced a bill
declaring the forfeiture of certain privileges of
citizenship by acts of rebellion against the Uni-
ted States, and providing for the restoration
of those privileges in certain eases ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
■ treasury department police.
Mr. ECKLEY submitted a concurrent reso-
lution that the United States police at the
Treasury buildings be placed upon the same
footing, with the same powers, and the same
compensation as the Capitol police, and be
under the orders of the chief architect of the
Treasury building; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
"washington homestead company.
Mr. WELKER introduced a bill to incor-
porate the Washington Homestead Company;
which was read a first and second time and
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
salary of first comptroller.
Mr. DELANO introduced a bill to estab-
lish the salary of the First Comptroller of the
Treasury; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
surveyor general's office montana.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, submitted a joint
resolution and memorial of the Legislature of
Montana, asking for the establishment of a
surveyor general's office, &c.; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Territories, and
ordered to be printed.
increase of pay*
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, also submitted a joint
resolution of the Legislature of Montana Ter-
ritory, asking Congress to amend the organic
act so as to increase the pay of the Federal
officers, as also the members of the Legislative
Assembly of said Territory; which was referred
to the Committee on the Territories and or-
dered to be printed.
