1882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
ings here is a business man, not an architect,
not an engineer, but a man of energy and busi-
ness capacity. If the Senate would leave out
the provision relative to the aqueduct and strike
out the words "civil engineer" and insert "a
suitable person" it would improve the amend-
ment very much.
Mr. MORRILL. I think it is important
that this amendment should provide for a pro-
fessional engineer. Many of the improve-
ments which Congress from time to time is
called upon to perform here really involve the
skill of an engineer. We are paying now, and
have been for many years, some $3,000 for the
services of a civil engineer to superintend the
Washington aqueduct alone.
Mr. WILSON. Is he not an Army ofiiccr?
Mr. MORRILL. No. He is simply employed
by the Secretary of the Interior. There is no
reason in the world why all this duty should
not be performed by one man. Then, if we
have a competent person who is skilled as a
civil engineer—and I agree with tho Senator
from Rhode Island that he ought to be a man
of business as well as a civil engineer—we
should have under one head, combined in one
management, the entire improvements in the
public works of this District; and until they
are reduced to one general head it will be a
patch-work in the future, as it has been in the
past. I attach, therefore, the utmost import-
ance to the amendment of the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont. We ought to have a man
of first-rate talent, first-rate ability, and he
ought to be a professional engineer, in my judg-
ment. I agree of course with the honorable
Senator from Rhode Island that he ought to
be a business man. I agree with the honorable
Senator from Illinois that $4,000 a year for
such services is not too much. I should hope
that the Senator from Ohio wonld accept that
as an amendment to his proposition.
Mr. HOWE. I am profoundly indifferent
whether the section as it stands is stricken out
or not. The idea of abolishing one office to make
another in the way proposed here does not
seem to me much of a speculation. I have no
special reason for being "dissatisfied with the
services of the present Commissioner of Public
Buildings. I have one reason for desiring to
continue his services. We have done but very
little since the advent of this Administration to
promote and foster literature, and we have now
an opportunity for doing something in that way.
I am rather inclined to avail myself of the
opportunity. We have done a great deal for
the profession of civil engineers; nothing for
the poets. So, if the issue is between a poet
and an engineer, I am decidedly for the poet.
But I should have preferred the section as it
came from the House of Representatives. I do
not know how we are ever going to get back to
that. It has been so thoroughly and completely
buried up by amendments that I do not know
that we can ever dig it outagain. I do not know
but'that when the bill is reported to the Senate
and the question is upon the adoption of these
amendments, that section may be reached again.
I should like to inquire, for information, if that
question will then come before the Senate.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole will
come up again when the bill is reported to the
Senate. The question then will be on concur-
ring in the Senate with the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOWE. If, then, this section is now
stricken out by the Senate in committee, the
only question put to the Senate will be upon
concurring in the amendment striking out the
section; but if the section be retained then the
question will be put in the Senate upon con-
curring in the amendments to the section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will
be the effect, in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. HOWE. Then before I vote in earnest
on this question I think I shall wait till the
bill comes into the Senate. I should be very
glad to see the section retained as it came from
the House of Representatives. Of our author-
ity to choose a man to take charge of the pub-
lic buildings that we make and provide ev<?ry
dollar that is expended upon I have no man-
ner ot' doubt. I certninly think there is no
more doubt of our authority to elect a man to
take charge of them than there was, as sug-
gested by the Senator from Vermont, to charge ;
that duty upon a particular individual. I can-
not conceive that there is any doubt of our
constitutional authority over that question, and
if I can get at that question when the bill comes 1
into the Senate I will vote upon it. As the 1
question now stands, I believe I shall be obliged
to vote to retain this section and vote against
striking it out, in order to get at that question
in the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Did the
Chair understand the Senator from Vermont ,
as agreeing to the suggestion of the Senator
from Ohio, to add a provision for $4,000 salary
as a part of the amendment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on striking out the second section as
amended.
The motion to strike out was not agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in line four hundred and eighty-
one on page 21, to strike out " $20,000" and
insert "and for continuing the construction
of the distributing reservoir to its contemplated
bottom, and protecting its banks with slope-
II wall laid in hydraulic cement, $150,000 so
;! as to make the clause read :
| J Washington aqaoduet:
j For the payment of the employes in the manage-
ment, engineering, and repairs of the Washington
aqueduct, and for continuing the construction of the
distributing reservoir to its contemplated bottom,
and protecting its banks with slope-wall laid in hy-
draulic cement, $150,000.
I^e amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
line four hundred and ninety-seven to five hun-
dred and two the following proviso to the
appropriations for the Columbian Institution
for the Deaf and Dumb :
Provided, That deaf mutes residing in tho several
States and Territories ot' the United States, applying
for admission to tho collegiate department of the
institution, shall be received on the sauie terms and
conditions as those prescribed bv lawfor rcsidentsof
the District of Columbia, at tho discretion of tho
president of the institution.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five, line3
two and three, to strike out " the same as that
of the appraiser general of Boston" and insert
"$3,002;" 80 as to make the section read:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the salary
of the general appraiser in the city of New York shall
be $3,000. And the salaries of tho assistant apprais-
ers at Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore, New Orleans,
Portland, and San Francisco shall be $2,500 per
annum.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I should like to know the
present salaries.
Mr. SHERMAN. The general appraiser
in New York now gets $2,500; the general
appraiser in Boston, $3,000.
l'he amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seven,
to strike out "hereafter" before "paid," in
line twenty-eight, and to insert "hereafter"
after "advertisements," in line twenty-nine.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is one provis-
ion in the seventh section which escaped the
attention of the committee. It provides that
the Clerk of the House shall select in the States
named, for the publication of the laws, "one
or more newspapers not exceeding in number
the number of Representatives to which they
would severally have been entitled by the ap-
portionment based upon the census of 1860."
My impression is that the law as it now stands
confines the publication to two newspapers in
each State. I think it better to strike out, in
line five, the words "in number," and alter
"number" to strike out "of Representatives
to which they would severally have been enti-
tled by the apportionment based upon the cen-
! sus of I860'' and insert1' now allowed by law;"
i so as to read "not exceeding the number now
I allowed by law." I move that amendment.
[ The amendment was agreed to.
! The next amendment of the Committee on
; Finance was to insert as an additional section:
I Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That tho Sccrc-
1 tary of tho Treasury is hereby authorized to pay to
sueh assistant assessors as were actually employed in
tho collection of internal revenue in the rebel States
prior to the l?f day of August, 1863, compensation at
tho rate prescribed by law, and an amount sufficient
for that purpose is hereby appropriated out of any
money in tho Tre.isury not otherwiso appropriated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope this amendment
will not be adopted. This is an old subject
that we have had before the Senate several
times heretofore, and I think this proposition
never met the approbation of the Senate. I
hope Senators will give their attention to it
and certainly not allow it to pass sub silentio.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in open viola-
tion of law, against a positive statute, thought
proper to appoint persons to assess and collect
the revenue in the rebel States who could not
take the oath of office. In other words, he
appointed men who had been engaged in the
rebellion to do the work of this Government
in defiance of a positive statute. They were
continued in office after Congress met; and
now I am sorry to see that the Committee on
Finance have reported a section in favor of
paying these persons thus employed in viola-
tion of law, and authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury in his discretion to pay them.
The language is:
Tho Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
to pay to such assistant assessors as were actually
employed in the collection of internal revenue in tho
rebol States prior to the 1st day of August, 186(5, com-
pensation at the rate prescribed by law.
And it then proceeds to make an appropria-
tion of a sum sufficient for that purpose. No
such provision as this would be necessary if
these officers had not been appointed and con-
tinued in office contrary to law. The law pro-
vides that a person who cannot take the oath
shall not be paid. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury knew this, and a provision is here made to
pay these parties down to the 1st day of August,
1806, to the close of the last session of Con-
gress. I think it is setting a very bad example
to the officers of the Government if after they
have violated the law, and violated it in so
objectionable a form as this by employing
rebels to do the work of the Government, that
violation of law is to be set aside and the parties
thus appointed to office to receive the same
compensation as if they had been legally in
office. There will be very little encouragement
hereafter for officers to do their duty, and to
comply with the law, if these dispensing statutes
are to be passed to relieve them from the con-
sequences of violations of the law.
Mr. SHERMAN. The facts that induced
the Committee on Finance to report this
amendment are very simple, and may be
briefly stated. The Secretary of the Treasury,
if I remember aright, in his annual report a
year and a half ago stated that it was impossi-
ble for him in certain districts in the southern
States to procure resident assistant assessors
to discharge the duties imposed by law. The
law required that every assistant assessor
should live in the county in which he was
appointed. Another law declared that no one
should be appointed who did not take the oath
prescribed by law. The Secretary stated in
his report that he could not get sucli persons
residents in many of the counties in the south-
ern States, and was compelled, from the neces-
sity of the case, to employ other persons, and
to dispense to some extent with the oath re-
quired by law. An effort was made at the last
i session of Congress to modify the oath so far^
| as-the assistant assessors in rebel States were
! concerned; but Congress, by a decided vote,
! refused to modify the oath. In the mean time,
j however, these persons, not very many of
] them, but so many as were employed, con-
I tinued to discharge their duties, and actually
i rendered efficiant service to the Government
