1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
443
captain david beatty.
Mr. STOKES introdaced a bill for the relief
of Captain David Beatty and his men, of Ten-
nessee, independent scouts; which was read
a first and second time and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
reconstruction.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, introduced
a bill to reestablish civil governments in the
States of Virginia, North Carolina, South Caro-
lina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi,
Arkansas, Louisiana, and Texas, and to restore
said States to position and the exercise of
political and representative power in the Fed-
eral Union ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the joint select Committee
on Reconstruction, and ordered to be printed.
tax on cotton.
Mr. NIBLACK introduced a bill to repeal
so much of an act entitled "An act to reduce
internal taxation," and to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to provide internal revenue to
support the Government, to pay interest on
the public debt, and for other purposes," ap-
proved June 30, 1864, and acts amendatory
thereof, as imposes a tax on unmanufactured
cotton ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
john randolph clay.
Mr. NIBLACK also introduced a joint reso-
lution authorizing the proper accounting officer
of the Treasury to reopen and readjust the
accounts of John Randolph Clay, late United
States minister to Peru; which was read the
first and second time and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
bill printed.
On motion of Mr. HILL, a bill introduced
by him on Saturday was ordered to be printed.
militia.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a bill to amend the
twenty-first section of an act entitled "An act
to amend the several acts heretofore passed to
provide for enrolling and calling out the na-
tional forces, and for other purposes; " which
was read a first and second time and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
canal sewerage company.
Mr. INGERSOLL introduced a bill to incor-
porate the Washington and Georgetown Canal
Sewerage Company; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
quieting title in district op columbia.
Mr. INGERSOLL also introduced a hill to
provide more effectually for quieting title to
property in the District of Columbia; which
was read a first and second time and referred
to the Committee for the District of-Columbia.
female suffrage in the district.
Mr. NOELL introduced a bill to amend an
act to regulate the elective franchise in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read a first and
second time. The bill provides that no person
shall be disfranchised from voting or be ineli-
gible to office on account of sex.
Mr. NOELL. I move to refer the bill to a
select committee of five.
Mr. THAYFR. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to make the motion under the rule.
Mr. THAYER. I object to the reference to
a special committee, and I move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
The SPEAKER. The latter motion has pri-
ority) when two committees are moved the
vote first is on the reference to the standing
committee.
Mr. NOELL. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The bill was referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
military road in wisconsin.
Mr. McINDOE introduced a bill to amend
an act entitled "An act granting lands to the
State of Wisconsin to build a military road to
Lake Superior;" which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
mining bureau.
Mr. HIGBY introduced a bill to establish
a Mining Bureau; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Mines and Mining.
rights of actual settlers.
Mr. DONNELLY introduced a bill to pro-
tect the rights of actual settlers upon the pub-
lic lands of the United States; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
james p. peck and reuben wood.
Mr. HITCHCOCK introduced a joint reso-
lution for the relief of James P. Peck and
Reuben Wood, of the Territory of Nebraska;
which was read a first and second, time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
town of prescott, arizona.
Mr. GOODWIN introduced a bill donating
two quarter sections of land to the town of
Prescott; which was read a first and second
time and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
roads in arizona.
Mr. GOODWIN also introduced a bill do-
nating lands to the Arizona Central Road
Company and to the Mosaveand Prescott Toll
Roau Company for maintaining stations and
digging wells on said roads ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
accounts of revenue officers.
Mr. WARNER introduced a bill to regu-
late the settlei&ent of the accounts of revenue
officers in certain cases; which was read a
first and second time and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
lost documents.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, intro-
duced a bill to supply records of documents
lost during the late rebellion; which was read
a first and second time and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
franking privilege.
Mr. BUNDY introduced a joint resolution
continuing the franking privilege to the mem-
bers of the Thirty-Ninth Congress the same as
if the Fortieth Congress did not meet till the
first Monday iu December next; which was
read a first and second time and referred to
the Committee on. the Post Office and Post
Roads.
navy-yard at charlestown.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to introduce for
reference a bill to repeal so much of the act
approved April 17, 1866, chapter forty-five,
section one, as appropriates the sum of §25,000
for the purchase of the right of draining through
the navy-yard at Charlestown, Massachusetts.
I have received a copy of a paper which pur-
ports to be a deed of the land occupied now by
the navy-yard, which land is sold to the United
States upon the express condition that the
United States shall forever keep open this
sluice or drain. There may have been some
transfer since that time which is not known to
me ; but unless there be something of that kind
the act which was passed last year appropria-
ting $25,000 to extinguish that right ought to
be repealed. I ask that the bill be referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask if
this provision was not passed by the House
with full knowledge.
Mr. BANKS. Not by me.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I knew it
and tried to stop it.
The bill wag then read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
impeachment of the president.
The House then resumed the call of the
States and Territories for resolutions where
the call ceased on Monday, the pending ques-
tion being upon the following resolution offered
by Mr. Kelso, upon which the previous ques-
tion was demanded:
Retolwd, That for the purposeof securing the fruits
of the victories gained on the part of the Republic
during the late war, waged by rebels and traitors
against the life of the nation, and of giving effect to
the will of the people, as expressed at the polls dar-
ing the late election by majorities numbering in the
aggregate more than four hundred thousand votes,
it is the imperative duty of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress to take, without delay, such action as will
accomplish the following objects:
1. The impeachment of the officer now exercising
the functions pertaining to the office of the President
of the United States of America, and his removal
from office, upon his conviction in due form, of the
crimes and high misdemeanors of which he is mani-
festly and notoriously guilty, and which render it
unsafe longer to permit him to exercise the powers
he has unlawfully assumed.
2. To provide forthe faithful and efficient adminis-
tration of the executive department within thelimits
prescribed by law. ,
Mr. KELSO. Is it in order to debate tha
resolution this morning?
The SPEAKER. The rules prohibit debate
on a resolution on the same day on which it is
introduced. As this is not the same day, unless
the previous question shall be demanded and
seconded, the resolution is open to debate.
Mr. KELSO. I then withdraw the demand
for the previous question, and, retaining the
right of the floor, yield to my colleague [Mr.
Loan] for ten minutes.
Mr. LOAN. A few words will suffice for
all I wish to say at present on the pending
resolution. Events transpiring since the assas-
sination of the late President have shed new
light upon that horrible and bloody act. At
first it was supposed to have been the rash act
of a reckless young man, rendered desperate
by the failure of the cause to which he was
devoted. But subsequent developments have
shown it to have been the result of deliberate
plans adopted in the interests of the rebellion.
The appeal to arms on the part of the rebels
had failed : the only alternative left them upon
which they could hope for success was fraud
and treachery.
Experience had satisfied them that such
agencies could not be successfully invoked so
long as the incorruptible Lincoln guided the
destinies of the Republic ; but next to him in
the direct line of succession stood one who by
birth, education, and association was a southern
man—a life long pro-slavery Democrat. In
a^gpirit of conciliation and catholic liberality
he was unfortunately placed in the position he
occupicd by the loyal people of the Republic,
because he was a Democrat and a resident of
one of the States declared to be in insurrection
and rebellion. The mistake was a terrible
one. True to his instincts, teaching, and polit-
ical principles, in entering upon his official
career as Yice President of the United States,
in utter violation of every principle of com-
mon decency, he exhibited m a most disgust-
ing manner the moral degradation to which he
had attained.
Powerfully influenced by all the grosser
animal instincts of our nature, without moral
culture or moral restraint, with a towering am-
bition, which is well illustrated in his frequent
egotistical boasting of his rise through all the
grades of office, from that of a village alderman
to that of the highest in the Republic, he was
peculiarly and eminently qualified to supply a
necessity which the rebel cause at that time
imperatively required for its ultimate success.
The Jesuitical leaders of the rebellion, realiz-
ing the signal and hopeless failure of their
appeal to force for the success of their cause,
were quick to understand the advantages offered
them by such a person, occupying tne_ sccond
office in our Government. They readily com-
prehended the means necessary to reach and
use such a subject; but one frail life Stood
