18M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Mr. SUMNEtl. Allow me to correct the
Senator there. Objection was made to these
services; I think it was the first week of the last
session of Congress. There was no occasion
of course for a statute; all that was needed was
to call attention to the existing law of the land,
which I did from my place, and the Secretary
of the Treasury wag standing on the floor of
the Senate Chamber at the time.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then the question is
whether an assistant assessor discharging his
duties in the State of Georgia would probably
know what the Senator from Massachusetts
said here in the Senate of the United States.
On the contrary, would he not rely upon the
official appointment of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and go on in the discharge of tlx:
duties of hisoffice? If the voice of the Senator
from Massachusetts was «o potent, he ought to
have put it in the form of a joitrt resolution and
have had the sanction of Congress. It was
natural that the assistant assessor would go on
in the discharge of his daties until he heard
the potent voice of Congress. The Senator
from Massachusetts, although eminent in his
way, must not suppose that he is so potent that
every word he utters here about an insignificant
matter of this kind taball be heeded in the re-
motest parts of the Union, and tha*, an officer
of the law will act in conformity to his opinions
instead of to tire official documents before him
signed by the Secretary of the Treasury- But
1 know the Senator spoke warmly. He does
not really intend to repudiate what is a fair
and just obligation.
I am informed by the honorable Senator from
Maine, a member of the Committee on Com-
merce, [Mr. Morrill,] that that committee
have reported in favor of paying these claims
where the service was actually rendered in cer-
tain cases. Some applications, however, were
referred to the Committee on Finance, and
we examined them and came to the conclusion
that after the decision by Congress was ren-
dered these meaaught not to draw pay ; and'
so far as we could icarn, all of them were then
discontinued; buttip to that time we thoughtit
was but just and right that they should be paid.
The amount involved in this appropriation
probably .does not exceed 510,000. There
are between fifty ®nd one hundred assistant
assessors who discharged duties under these
circumstances. One of the claims sent to as
amounts to $107, and others are for amounts
equally small, For us to refuse to pay these
little accounts it seems to me is carrying the
d'xitrine of reheldom and loyalty to an extreme.
Even rebels might render service to the Gov-
ernment for which the Government might be
willing to pay them. If these services were
rendered in violation of law it is a mere ap-
peal to our equity, and I submit to every Sen-
ator to say whether under tbe circumstances
these men ought not to have their pay. If
not they will besiege the Halls of Congress and
will eventually get the whole amount through
the Committee on Claims or by appeals in in-
dividual cases to the equity of Congress. I
think we might as well settle the question at
once, pay them, and dispose of the case.
Mr. CHANDLER. Last winter tie Com-
mittee on Commerce introduced a joint resolu-
tion to pay these claims, and my impression is
that the Senate passed it upon the ground that
these parties were innocent persons, and that
unless the Congress of the United States im-
peached the Secretary of the Treasury for crime
Congress was bound to pay these claims; that
the only criminal was the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, who appointed them. These men accepted
their commissions believing that they had a
right to accept them, and under their belief
they had that right. The Secretary of the
Treasury, however, knew that he was commit-
ting a crime. The Senator from Massachusetts
properly says that it was a crime, and it was a
crime known to him when he committed it.
He knew that these parties could not take the
oath. He knew that he was violating the law
in appointing then ; but they, perhaps, did not
know it. They were innocent individuals. The
Committee on Commerce reported a joint reso-
lution to pay them for their services, and my
recollection is that the Senate passed that joint
resolution. I may be mistaken, but that is my
recollection.
Mr. SUMNER. No; the Senate never
passed it.
Mr. CHANDLER. But if tbe Sen*te did it
was defeated in the House of Representatives.
In my argument a year ago I said that if the
Congress of the United States did not impeach
the criminal, the Secretary of the Treasury, it
must pay the claims, the honest claims of these
innocent individuals."
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to suggest to my
friend another way. Make the Secretary of the
Treasury pay them out of his own pocket.
Mr. CHANDLER. He is not able; he is a
pauper. He cannot pay one hundredth part
of them. The Government cannot afford to
take that position. Congress must either im-
peach the criminal and bring him to the bar of
justice, or must pay the .honest claims against
the GhoWiunent.
But, sir, these claims seem to have been
transferred in some way from the Committee
oo Commerce and put into the hands of the
Committee on Finttace.
Mr. SHERMAN. And we came to the same
conclusion.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well, they ought
not to have been transferred. The case should
go back where it started, and I hope the Sen-
ate will reject it since it has been transferred.
Let it go back where it belongs. It does not
belong to the Finance Committee. It is prop-
erly in the hands of the Committee on Com-
merce, and if it is a just claim we will carry it
through if we can. I hope, however, the Sen-
ate will not -submit to the transfer, but will
reject it in the hands of the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. I make my humble apol-
ogies to the honorable Senator for this ques-
tion having been transferred from the Com-
mittee on Commerce to the Committee on
Finance. It seems the Committee on Com-
merce very wisely came to a correct conclusion
on the subject. I am only sorry the Senator
did not press the matter to a final vote.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senate did press
it to a final vote, and passed it according to
my recollection ; but the other House re-
jected it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is mistaken.
The Committee on Finance had nothing to do
with having the matter sent to them. I hope
the Senate will take that into consideration in
deciding the measure of punishment that ought
to be accorded to us. The subject was referred
specially to the Committee on Finance without
our motion, and it properly belongs to the
Committee on Finance. I jlo not see how it
ever went to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. It belongs to them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think not. I do not see
what the Committee on Commerce have to do
-with collecting the iivternal revenue, and I do
not think anybody else can see that but the
Senator from Michigan. I did not know be-
fore that the Committee on Commerce attended
to the internal revenue, and I supposed that
really was the chief business of the Committee
on Finance; but as both committees have come
to the same conclusion, I do not think' there
ought to be any controversy between us.
Mr. WADE. I feel no particular bias as to
which committee considers this subject, nor
do I feel at all interested .about it. We did
very deliberately and with a stern purpose pass
.  law that no person should be employed in
this agency unless he could take a certain oath.
That oath was published to the people of the
United States. The law was as well-known to
the people as any law that we require shall be
obeyed. It is a well-known legal maxim that
no man can plead ignouance of the law. Even
in tbe sternest criminal cases a man who has
■violated the law is not allowed to come up in
open court and say that he did not know there
was any such law. The courts do not hear
such an excuse, even when they are going to
visit on a man exemplary punishment for a
crime. Surely if the courts will not permit
such a defense it ought not to be allowed in
this case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Ohio
will allow me, I will state to him that these
persons cannot even plead ignorance of tho
law j for they were informed in the communi-
cations of the Treasury Department that if they
did not take this oath they could not be paid,
and they went on knowingly.
Mr. \V ADE. I did not care to resort even to
that kind of evidence, because if you let every-
body off by a plea of ignorance of the law, as is
attempted here, there would be very little use of
passing any laws. I do not see how we can vin-
dicate ourown principles if we pay these claims.
Tf the parties did not know that they were vio-
lating the law, it would be a hardship on them,
to be sure; but it is one of those hardships that
you cannot remedy without trampling the law
under foot and giving universal impunity to
anybody that see lit to violate it. There is the
difficulty. I have no ill feeling against these
people; but they did undertake to execute a
business which you had sternly prohibited them
by law from doing under a penalty ; and hav-
ing done it, it is now proposed, not that they
shall be punished for their violation of the law,
but to pay them for the work and labor they
did in violating the law. If we do that they
will hold us and our legislation in utter con-
tempt. We cannot do it and preserve the
dignity, authority, and power of Congress.
I do not see how we can do it unless we mean
to license all transgressions of the laws. If
you pay these men for work and labor done in
transgressing your law, how can you punish*
anybody for its transgression hereafter?
it is said these men have labored for us and
they are equitably entitled to pay. No court
on God's earth would permit such an obliga-
tion to be inferred. No man can raise an
assumpsit to pay a debt for labor in violation
of the law. If you do what is now proposed,
you give universal immunity to everybody to
transgress and violate your law. I do not see
how you can do it; and I hope no man will*
vote for it who intends to vindicate the laws
we lay down for the government of the country.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, there is
more involved in this than a few thousand dol-
lars, $10,000 I think the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] said.
Mr. SHERMAN. The claims we have had
presented to us are about from one hundred to
one hundred and twenty dollars each, and I do
not know how many there are.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not the amountof
money that is involved in it, nor is it any de-
sire, ou my part certainly, to cast any imputa-
tion upon the Secretary of the Treasury. I
have no unkind feelings toward that officer. I
have not, and never have had, any other than
relations of personal kindness with him. It is
only as a public matter that I regard this as
important. The loyal men of the South whom
I have seen—and I appeal now to the Senator
from Ohio and to the members of the Recon-
struction Committee in this body for the truth
of what I say—the loyal men of the South who
have come here complaining of the condition
of things there, have based their complaint
upon the fact that offices in the rebel States
have been filled by disloyal men. That is the
great complaint on the part of our loyal friends
all through the rebel States. And what has
been the complaint in regard to the reconstruc-
tion policy adopted by the President? It has
been that under that policy disloyal men have
taken control of the political organizations in
the rebel States. Certainly I would not care
how the political organizations originated in a
State if, when formed, they were in the hands
of loyal men, and legislated so as to protect the
rights of loyal men and of all alike. It would
be immaterial how the organizations originated
