1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBJL
1885
or who got them up in that event. Our eom-
plaint, and the question upon which we went
before the people during the last canvass, was
that under the policy of the President, the
rebel States had been placed under the control
of rebels. And now what do we propose to
do? After having made this point; after having
carried the country upon it; after having passed
a bill through Congress at this very session
disregarding the governments in the disloyal
States, because they were in the hands of dis-
loyal men, yon propose to turn around and pay
the officers who, in violation of your law, were
appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Here is the importance of this question.
I recollect that early in this session I had
occasion t5 present a memorial here from the
loyal people of Louisiana; and I was furnished
with evidence at that time, and stated in the
few remarks which I then submitted to the
Senate, that in the State of Alabama loyal citi-
zens of that State were being taxed to raise
money to pay the salaries of disloyal officers,
of officers under the rebel government; and I
recollect that 1 was informed at that time by a
gentleman who had fled from his home to avoid ,
conscription into the rebel ranks, and who !
afterward raised a regiment for our Army,
that the very officer who commanded the squad
of rebels that drove him from home when they
were endeavoring to conscript him into the
rebel service, had been paid a salary for his
services while a rebel officer out of the money
raised by taxation in Alabama since the con-
flict of arms had ceased ; and now you propose
to tax the people of this country to raise the ,
money to pay rebels who held office in utter |
violation of your law. |
It will not do for the Senator from Ohio to ;
say that this was stopped as soon as the Sec-
retary's attention was culled to it. It was no
inadvertence. One of the very first things
which the Congress of the United States did
after assembling a year ago last December was
to pass a resolution on the 13th of December,
1805, calling for information in relation to per-
sons in the employ of the Treasury Depart-
ment who had not taken the bath prescribed
by law. The Secretary of the Treasury re-
sponded to that resolution on the 5th of Jan-
* uary, 1866. Again, on the 11th of April, 1866,
nearly a year ago, we had another response
from him, and I hold it in my hand, and there
is upon one page of it a list of more than fifty
' persons in the employ of the Treasury Depart-
ment who have not taken the oath, and the
names are given.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me ask the Senator
whether Congress took any action upon that
report?
Mr. TRUMBULL. What action was neces-
sary? Must we repeat our laws? What action
could we take ?
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to interrupt my
friend there. In the debate on that report it
was stated all around that no action was
needed; that there was a law of the land
which the Secretary was bound to obey.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would ask what other
action was necessary than to point the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to the law. The law was
quoted in the very resolution which was sub-
mitted in this body. I will read the resolution
which the Senate passed, as I said, on the 13th
of December, 1805: j
" Whereas it is provided by act of Congross that i
every person in the oivil, military, and naval depart-
ments of the public service, excepting tho President
of the United States, shall, beforo eutering upon the
duties ot his office, and before being entitled to any
of the salary or other emoluments thereof, tako and
subscribe a certain oath in prescribed form; and it is
further provided in another act of Congress (Febru-
ary 9, 1863, chapter twenty-five, section two,) that
"no money shall be paidfrom tho Treasury ofiheUni-
ted States to any person acting as nn officer, oivil, t
military, or naval, as salary in any office, which office
is not authorized by some previously existing law, '
unless where such office shall bo subsequently sane- 1
tioned by law;' and whereas it is reported that, not- I
withstanding these acts of Congress, cortain persons
have been allowed to enter upon tlin duties of office,
and to rrecivo the salary and emoluments thereof,
without taking the prescribed oath, and certain other
persona havebeeffi appointed ta offioes' not authorised
by any previously existing law;' Therefore,
" iiesolved. That the Secretary of the Treasury and
the Secretary ot War be requested, so far as the rec-
ords of their respective Departments allow, to inform
the Senate whether any persons have been permitted
to enter upon the duties of office, and to receive the
salary and emoluments thereof, without taking the
oath prescribed by Congress, or, if they have taken
it, adding thereto explanations; and also whether
persons have been appointed to any office 'not au-
thorized bysomc previously existing law;' and it'any
persons have been so permitted or appointed, then to
report if the same have received any salary or emol-
uments, and what they were, and out of what fund
they have been paid, with tho reasons for such per-
mission or appointment,  n<l also the explanations,
it any, assigned by such parties at the time ot taking
such prescribed oath."
Could the Secretary misunderstand Congress
when they called his attention to this law and
said to him that it was reported or represented
that persons had been appointed in violation
of law, and he was called upon to say if that
was so, and he sent his report here with the
names upon one page of fifty-eight persons
holding office iu direct defiance of that statute
which said that no person should enter upon
the discharge of the duties of any office, civil,
military, or naval, in the Government without
first taking the prescribed oath? Now, the
Senator from Ohio yants to know if we took
any action. There was the statute. It need
not be repeated. I trust it is not necessary to
give line upon line and precept upon precept
to a public officer as to his duty. It is enough
if Congress has declared the law, and, when he
violates it, points him to it and says, "Thus
it is written."
But it is now proposed by the Finance Com-
mittee, which the Senator from Ohio represents
on this occasion, to pay these officers, not up
to the 13th of December, 1805, when this reso-
lution was passed, not up to the time when the
answer came in in January or in April, and
the discussion took place, but to pay them
until August, I860, half a year afterward.
Why, sir, we should cease in this body and
before the people of the country complaining
of the Executive of the United States, that
he appointed provisional governors without
authority of law, and afterward paid them
without authority of law. We should cease
complaining of the Administration or the
policy of the President that it has inaugu-
rated in power rebels, if we are prepared to
pass a law here sanctioning the acts which
have been done in appointing rebels to office,
in defiance of law, by making an appropriation
to pay them the salaries which the law said
they should not receive.
Mr. DIXON. I do not desire to say a word
in regaid to the proper construction of the law
to which the Senator from Illinois has alluded
on the question whether this money shall be
paid, but to allude to a single charge which
fell from the lips of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts with regard to the Secretary of the
Treasury. He says he said precisely the same
thing of the Postmaster General. I think he
is mistaken. If I understood him this evening
he said that the Secretary of the Treasury had
not only been guilty of a violation of law, but
that he had been guilty of falsehood—that was
the word—actual untruth) that he had added
to the violation of law falsehood. Now, sir, I
am not here to say that what the Senator from
Massachusetts has said is improper. I know
too well the proprieties of the Senate to take
upon myself to intimate that any Senator has
said what he ought not to have said in this
body; but I do say that the Secretary of the
Treasury has not been guilty of untruth or of
falsehood. I take issue with the Senator on
that subject. Now, sir, I will read what the
Secretary of the Treasury did say:
"In most of the southern States nearly every man
of the character and intelligence necessary to qu*!iiy
him for a position as a revenue officer, some time
during the progress of the war either engaged in hos-
tilities against tho Government of the United States, i
or held (willingly or unwillingly) office under rebel
authority."
That is what the Senator savs is a falsehood,
an untruth on the part of the Secretary of the i
Treasury. New I take upon myself to say that
the assertion is true, and that the Secretary
therefore has been guilty of no falsehood, and
that the remarks of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts were not deserved.
Mr. NYE. I simply desire that it may be
known that I am opposed to this amendment,
and I am sorry to see the struggle between the
Committee on Commerce and the Committee
on Finance for the honor of the introduction
of this measure. The measure itself ia an
insult to the loyal people of this nation. It ia
a downright wrong on its face, and in its
essence and whole character. It is a base out-
rage to tax the maimed and wounded soldiers
of the Federal Army to pay for illegal services
rendered perhaps by persons from the rebel
army, whose hands were red with loyal blood
at the time they entered upon their official
duties. It seems to me, in a word, that the
Senate of the United States would perform an
act that would do anything but redound to the
dignity and the glory of this country by adopt-
ing this proposition. I undertake to say in
mildest phrase that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury was entirely mistaken when in his report
he said that loyal men could not be found to
discharge the duties of these offices. Sir, the
last gathering of loyal men in the city of Phil-
adelphia showed an army of loyalists who
would not suffer in intelligence or integrity by
comparison with any Senator upon this floor.
The State of Alabama alone presented the
scattered remains and desolated ranks of an
entire regiment that had borne, not only the
brunt of the battle, but borne the scorn and
c6ntumely of the men who came to gather
taxes at their door. In mildest phrase, I re-
peat, the Secretary of the Treasury was mis-
taken when" he said that. It cannot be that
he looked for them. It is as patent as that the
light shines upon us that this city was crowded
with refugees begging, not for place, but for
bread, that had been driven by the cruelty of
these men from the States where'these officials
were doing their work. 9
But, Mr. President, these men were wit offi-
cers. They were appointed in open violation
of the law. It was no legal appointment.
They knew what the law was. Not one of
them had the power to enforce the collection
of a dollar. Neither had the Government a
bond from them that was worth the paper on
which it was written. Overlooking in a word
the entire Union population of those States,
putting the men who had lorded over them
with the sword to drain their last little pit-
tance as tax-gatherers, with no responsibility
to the Government, I should like to know how
the Committee on Finance ascertained that
they discharged their duties faithfully. To
what tribunal were they bound to report?
None. It was simply a license from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to illegally collect taxes
that the Government could not coerce the
collection of a single penny of.
Sir, in the name of common decency, and
in the name of common propriety to the Union
sentiment of the South, I protest against this
legislation. It is wrong in itself, and I desire
to record my vote against it. I know that the
constituency whom I represent would feel
wounded in their own person to have money
wrung from them to pay red-handed rebels,
illegally appointed, for services that they had no
right to perform. The amount is nothing; but
it is the character of the legislation to which I
object. It is a recognition, a legislative rec-
ognition of a downright wrong. The Senator
from Ohio said, very properly 1 have no doubt,
that he would cover up no crime; that was
not liis duty, I do not believe the Committee
on Finance intend to do that; but they have •
mistaken, I think, in a moment of generosity,
what was stem duty in regard to this question.
I am willing to trust the high sense of honor
of the Committee on Finance; but while this
proposition redounds to their generosity, it
work  a downright outrage upon the laws of
this land, and the Senator from Illinois well
