446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
departments of the Government, and they are
now preparing to take control of the third; and
should success attend their efforts, which is
not at all improbable so long as we fail to do
our duty, it will then become an immaterial
question to consider what we will do with the
rebels, and the pertinent inquiry will be what
will the rebels do with us? But enough of
this; let us return. In the language of the-
gentleman from New Jersey, " the issue has to
be met."
To-day we have the advantage and the power.
Have we the courage to act ? To strike down
and forever destroy that fell spirit of treason
and rebellion that has draped our land in
mourning and threatened our existence as a
nation ?
The past is gone; the future may never
come to us; the present only is ours. Our
duty is clear. Let none fail in the perform-
ance of their duty.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman from Mis-
souri allow me to ask him a question ? -
Mr. LOAN. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. The gentleman has upon this
floor deliberately charged upon the Chief
Executive of this nation complicity in assassin-
ation. I wish to ask the gentleman whether
he does not feel it due, as well to his own
sense of self-respect as to a proper regard for
the dignity of this House and for the character
of this Government both at home and abroad,
that, before he takes his seat, he shall at least
disclose to the House some particle of evidence
on which that charge, so grave in its nature,
is founded. I have waited thinking that before
the gentleman took his seat he would at least
intimate to this House that he had such proof.
I now challenge him to specify any particle of
proof which he can lay before the House or to
which he can point as existing in any quarter.
I insist that it is due to the dignity of this body,
as well as to the character of this nation, that
he shall do so before he takes his seat.
Mr. LOAN. I propose, Mr. Speaker, to
pursue this matter in my own way and in my
own good time. I have taken the initiatory steps
in regard to this matter. It is now in course
of progress. The course which this resolution
will take will carry it before the proper tribunal
to inquire into this matter; and there in a legiti-
mate way the proofs, I presume, will be fur-
nished to the gentleman's satisfaction.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman answer the
other part of my question?
Mr. LOAN. I must decline.
Mr. HALE. A single question 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman states that
he declines answering further. The morning
hour has expired, and the resolution goes over
till next Monday. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Kelso] has thirty-three minutes
remaining of his time.
recording votes.
Mr. LE BLOND. I rise for the purpose of
submitting a motion to suspend the rules. On
account of sickness in my family I was unable
to be here on the reassembling of Congress
after the holidays. During my absence the
House adopted three propositions upon which
I desire to record my vote. One is the joint
resolution introduced by the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Kasson] relative to the construction
of the constitutional amendment abolishing
slavery; another is the bill relative to suffrage
in the District of Columbia^and the third the
impeachment resolution of my colleague, [Mr.
Ashley, of Ohio. ] I move that the rules be
suspended to allow me to record my vote on
all those propositions.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the manuscript of the Journal has aleady gone
to the printer, and is probably printed by this
time.
Mr. LE BLOND. Then it makes no differ-
ence. I should have voted with the minority
on all those questions.
The SPEAKER. If there "is no objection
the rules will be regarded as suspended and
the gentleman's vote will be recorded, if the
Journal is not already printed.
There was no objection.
Messrs. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts,
STEVENS, ROLLINS, MOORHEAD, RAD-
FORD, and MARSHALL asked and obtained,
under a suspension t>f the rules, leave to record
their votes on the same propositions.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move a
suspension of the rules to allow any member
during to-day to record his vote on the three
propositions which have been named.
The motion was agreed to.
leave of absence."
The SPEAKER asked and obtained indefi-
nite leave of absence for Mr. Lawrence, of
Ohio.
texas.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to this House any report in his pos-
session of General Wright, and also the reports of
his subordinate officers, in regard to the condition of
affairs in Toxas.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for
executive information, unanimous consent is
necessary for its consideration on this day. .
  There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
a. b. morey.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Attorney General be directed
to communicate to this House all the papers before
him in the matter of A. B. Morey, indicted in the
local court at Vicksburg, Mississippi, together with
his opinion thereon.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for
executive information, unanimous consent is
necessary for its consideration on this day.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
cost op small-arms, etc.
Mr. PRICE. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of AVar be requested
to furnish this House with a list showing the number
of small-arms furnished by the manufactory at Spring-
field, and the cost thereof; also the numberof small-
arms furnished by contractors, manufactured in the
United States, other than those obtained at Spring-
field, and the cost of the same: and also the number
of small-arms purchased of foreign countries, and
the cost of the same.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for
executive information, requires unanimous
consent.
There was no objection, and the resolution
was adopted.
message from the president.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. William
G. Moore.
message'from the senate.
A message.was received from the Senate, by
Mr. John W. Forney, its Secretary, in which
he announced that that body had passed with-
out amendment House bill No. 715, setting
aside certain proceeds from internal revenue
for the erection of penitentiaries in the Territo-
ries of Nebraska, Washington, Colorado, Idaho,
Montana, Arizona, and Dakota.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 451) for the relief of Mrs.
Elizabeth K. Smith, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
curtailment of currency.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask unanimous
consent to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, as the opinion of this House, That the
public interests will not justify a greater curtailment
of thenational circulation than $4,000,000 per month,
or $48,009,000 during the year 1867, which $48,000,000
ought not to be exclusive of and in addition to the
compound-interest notes falling duo during the cur-
rent year.
Resolved, That in lieu of such an amount of coin-
ponnd-interest notes as may becomo duo and be re-
deemed within the year as may he in excess of ths
four millions of currency now authorized by law to
be withdrawn from circulation each month, the Sec-
retary of tne_ Treasury ought to be authorized and
required to issue United States legal-tender notes
without interest.
Mr. LE BLOND. I object.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to suspend
the rules. A bill was referred to the commit-
tee at the last session and no report has yet
been made on this important subject. I think
it is time we should have some expression by
this House.
Mr. LE BLOND. I rise to a point of order.
The rules have not been suspended, and debate
is not in order.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. LE BLOND. Then T object.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. When
the resolution is introduced will it be in order
to move its reference to the Committee on
Banking and Currency 1
The SPEAKER. It will if the rules be sus-
pended and the previous question be not sus-
tained.
Mr. MORRILL. I will say, Mr. Speaker, I
have been anxious for a fortnight to have this
subject taken up, discussed, and acted on.
Mr. LE BLOND. I object.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, demanded the yeas
and nays on suspending the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 75, nays 67, not voting 39;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, James M. Ashley, Baker. Benjamin, Bingham,
Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, Bundy,
Reader W. Clarke. Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Davis, De-
frees, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eliot, Farquhar,
Ferry, Griswold, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hawkins,
Henderson, Higby, Hill, Holmes, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James R. Hubbcll, Inger-
soll, Julian, Koontz. Kuykendall, Loan, Longyear,
Lynch, Marshall, Marston, Marvin. Maynard, Me-
Clurg, Mclndoe, Mercur. Moulton, Orth,Paine, Pat-
terson, Perham, Plants, Price, Ross, Sawyer, Schenck,
Shellabarger, Stevens, Stilwell, Stokes, Strouse, Na-
thaniel G. Taylor, Francis Thomas, Thornton, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Henry D.Washburn,
Welker, Williams, James F. Wilson, and Stephen F.
Wilson—75.
NAYS — Messrs. Alley, Ames, Ancona, Baldwin,
Banks,Baxter. Bergen, Bidwell, Blaine, Boyer, Camp-
bell, Cooper, Culver, Dawes, Dawson, Deming, Den-
ison, Dixon, Dodge, Farnsworth, Finck, Garfield,
Glossbrenner, Hale, Aaron Harding, Hise, Hogan,
Hooper, John H. Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter,
Jenckes, Johnson, Kerr. Ketcham, Latham, George
V. Lawrence, Le Blond, Leftwich, McRuer, Moor-
head, Morrill, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, O'Neill,
Pike, Pomeroy, Radford. Samuel J. Randall, William
H. Randall, Raymond, John H.Rice, Ritter, Puigors,
Rollins, Scofield, Shanklin, Spalding, Taber-, Nelson
Taylor, Thayer, Andrew H. Ward, Hamilton Ward,
Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, and
Wen tworth—67.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Barker, Beaman,
Blow, Brandegee. Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Conkling,
Darling, Delano. Dumont.Eggleston, Eidridge, Good-
year, Grinnell, Harris, Hayes, Hotchkiss, Asahel W,
Hubbard. Demas Hutyjiird, Hulburd, Jones, Kasson,
Kelley, Kelso, Laflin. William Lawrence. McCul-
lough, McKee, Miller, Morris, Myers, N ewell, Phelps,
Alexander H. Rice, Rousseau, Sitgreaves, Sloan,
Starr. John L. Thomas, Trimble, Van Aernam, Rob-
ert T. Van Horn, Warner, Whaley, Windom, Win-
field, Woodbridge, and Wright—39.
So (two thircfe not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
During the vote,
Mr. LE BLOND stated that Mr, Eldridge
was detained at his room by illness.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
national bank circulation.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to suspend the rules to enable me to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That in the opinion of this House it ia
not expedientto increase the amount of the national
bank notes for circulation beyond the amount of
$300,000,000, now authorized by law.
On suspending the rules there were—ayes 65,
noes 35.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 88, nays 51, not voting 52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ancona, An-
derson, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Benjamin,
