1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1887
of the conduct of the Secretary of the Treasury
in this matter.
Now, sir, what as to these persons who were
employed? Of course they were not officers.
The law does not prevent the appointment of
such persons, but they cannot legally act as
officers, nor can they draw pay until they take
the oath. The taking of the oath is not a qual-
ification to appointment in the first instance:
it is a qualification to the exercise of duties.
In the first placc, sir, observe that the law has
never been violated or impinged upon in the
slightest degree as to payment of salaries. Not
one dollar has ever been paid for this service.
That payment is forbidden by law, and so far
the law has bean strictly kept. As to their
being officers, as to their authority to act in
collecting taxes, I have a clear opinion about
that. Suppose that a collector in the State
of Georgia had reported to the Secretary of the
Treasury that he could find no assistants to
collect the taxes in his district, could not the
Secretary of the Treasury, under such a state
of facts, have sent down three or four clerks
of his Department to pass around and collect
the taxes 111 a district, and if the people sub-
milted to it, if there was no question there and
the taxes were paid and returns made through
the regular principal officer, to wit, the col-
lector, would not the proceeding have been
legal? it would not have been breaking the
law ; it would have been an act of necessity.
These subordinates of the collector who ac-
tually performed the duty would not have
been legal officers ; but their acts being acqui-
esced in, there would have been no room for
complaint; there would have been no viola-
tion of law.
Now, what more was done in this case? In-
stead of the Secretary sending down a clerical
force from his own bureau to assist his officers
there, he allowed the assessors to name certain
assistants in their districts. Those persons so
appointed, in my opinion, violated no law at
all in making assessments, and they would
have violated no law in making voluntary col-
lections also. The only difficulty in the case
would have been, if any tax-payer had resisted
the assessment and collection of tax from him,
it could not have been perhaps imposed or ex-
acted. The thing was voluntary on the part
of the people, and if complaint ought to be
made in any quarter with reference to the em-
ployment of these assistant assessors, it would
be a complaint by the people there upon whom
our taxes were charged. There was no law of
oura broken. The only effect of those persons
proceeding to perform their duties without tak-
ing the oath was that they could not enforce
their jurisdiction; they were not legalofficers;
the proceeding was voluntary; they acted
simply in the capacity of citizens and in a vol-
untary manner.
Let me mention a case. Here was an as-
sessor appointed from the State of Kansas, a
loyal man there, and sent down to the State of
Georgia. He was appointed by Mr. Lincoln,
and it was upon his recommendation that sev-
eral of the persons that are arrayed in this list
were engaged as assistants to assist him in the
performance of his duties; and I presume that
was the case with reference to every other
principal assessor who went to that section of
the country at that time.
The Senator from Massachusetts carefully
avoids in this debate noticing the fact that the
Secretary of the Treasury was not alone in his
proceeding; that the Postmaster General at
that time, under the necessities of the occasion,
was obliged to employ persons to attend to the
mails in the southern country without taking
the oath of office.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will ex-
cuse me. When I was interrupted before I
Btated that I believe the fact is the other way.
I think, in reply to a call of the Senate, he
distinctly stated that he had not employed any
such person.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I recollect very well
that the Postmaster General responded to the
inquiry of the Senate that, in his opinion, there
was a necessity for the employment of such
persons.
I have but a few words to add. I only speak
because this debate ought not to go into our
published proceedings without a further state-
ment of the points which constitute an answer
to the large amount of declamatory matter to
which we have listened. This employment of
subordinate revenue officers in the southern
country was clearly in good faith, for the pur-
pose of promoting the public interests. What
was the object of it? It was to impose and to
collect taxes and bring them into the Treasury
of the United States. This was the object. It
was not to favor rebels; it was not to favor the
people of the South ; it was to favor our own
Treasury ; it was for the advantage and for the
interests of the United States that this whole
proceeding was conducted. Why then such
heat and warmth? Why these appeals to pop-
ular passion against this proceeding? It was
but temporary. It was to meet an exigency in
the public service which has passed by, and
which will not again recur.
I must remark another thing. This subject
was brought up and discussed most thoroughly
at the last session of Congress. The Senator
from Massachusetts said then all that he can
say upon this whole subject, and he had the
advantage, if not the pleasure, upon one occa-
sion of speaking in the presence of the Secre-
tary himself, and of speaking with his utmost
warmth, and conveying, perhaps to unwilling
ears, the entire body of opinion which he held
upon this subject. I think the Senator might
have been satisfied with the delivery of that
triumphant piece of rhetoric with which he
assailed this high officer of the Government in
this Chamber. lie might have been satisfied
with the impression which he then produced
upon the Senate and upon the country, and
have spared us at the present session a repeti-
tion of the debate. He might have supposed
that we understood what his opinions were 011
this question and his eminent capacity for turn-
ing this proceeding of taxing rebels and collect-
ing revenue into the United States Treasury
into a piece of favoritism to the southern peo-
ple, and of criminal conduct in their interest
by our Secretary.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania says that I have madecertain charges
against the Secretary of the Treasury ; among
others that he is a pauper. Well, sir, that was
a comparative term. The claims that would
be brought against him under the suggestion
of the Seuator from Massachusetts would
amount to millions. As regards his ability to
pay those claims he is a pauper, unless he has
stolen more than I think he could be able to
steal during the time he has been in office.
He may have been worth when he came here
a few thousand dollars, or a hundred or two
hundred thousand dollars; I do not know;
but these claims that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts proposes he shall pay amount to mil-
lions ; and comparatively, therefore, he is a
pauper. He could not pay ten cents on the
dollar of the claims that would legitimately
arise against him under the suggestion of the
Senator from Massachusetts. I did not mean
that he could not buy a loaf of bread. He was
worth a little something. He had been a
cashier or president or something of a little
bank out in Indiana ; and came here as a clerk,
I believe, at two or three thousand dollars a
year ; I do not remember how much.
Mr. SUMNER. Three thousand dollars a
year, I think.
Mr. CHANDLER. Three thousand dollars
a year. It was his highest ambition, sir; but
it was beyond his merits; it was too high for
him. He was not equal to the clerkship ; but
through the favoritism of a very good man
he was promoted; and then, sir, he lost his
identity.
Mr. BUCKALEW. If the Senator will
permit me, I have one very modest question
to ask. I should like to know what clerkship
the Secretary of the Treasury filled in the
Government ? «
Mr. CHANDLER. Commissioner or Comp-
troller of the Currency, I believe.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I was not aware that
the Comptrollership of the Currency was a
clerkship.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly it is a clerk-
ship at $3,000 a year. It was too high a salary.
He was not worth it. [Laughter.] Fifteen
hundred dollars would have been enough for
him; all he could earn. I would not give him
over $1,000 a year to be the teller of my
bank in Detroit. [Laughter.] He is not fit for
it. He is perhaps fit to manage a little bank
out in South Bend. I think he could, with a
good board of directors, manage a little bank
of $100,000 capital admirably; but if he were
in chargc of my dry goods store in Detroit he
would sink the institution in twelve months.
[Laughter.] He is not fit to manage it. He
does not know enough about finance to run a
dry goods store in Detroit. [Laughter.]
Well, sir, he was not a pauper ; he was worth
a little something; but when the Senator from
Massachusetts proposes that he shall pay these
illegal claims, they would swamp all that he
ever was worth or ever hoped to be worth.
The Secretary of the Treasury was very well
in his place. As a clerk in the Treasury De-
partment under the direction of a competent
Treasurer he was very well; but when, through
the partiality of the President, he was made
Secretary of the Treasury, he lost his balance
and turned politician. Well, sir, he is a better
politician than he is Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. SUMNEll. He is a very bad politician.
Mr. CHANDLER. He is a worse Secretary.
He knows literally nothing about politics and
less about finance. [Laughter.] As a politi-
cian the country will judge hiui ; as a finan-
cier I jud^e him.
The Senator from Pennsylvania says that
charges have been made here because we are
protected. Mr. President, I never made a
charge here under the protection of privilege.
Every charge that I ever made here I was pre-
pared to make elsewhere and everywhere; and
1 claim no privilege. I never make a charge
here that 1 am not prepared to publish to the
world under my own signature; and if the
Secretary of the Treasury takes exception, let
him ; that is all.
Sir, the Secretary of the Treasury knew, or
ought to have known, when he made these
appointments that they were illegal; and he
knew that he made himself liable to impeach-
ment when he made them. He knew that they
were in direct violation of law.
Mr. President, the world has been moving
for the last six years. In 1801 this Congress
was not prepared to say that slavery should be
abolished. In 1862 it was not prepared to
say that our armies should not deliver slaves
back into the hands of rebels. In 1863 it wa 
hardly prepared to sustain the proclamation of
emancipation of Abraham Lincoln. In 1866
it was just prepared for the constitutional
amendment, and not any more. In ISO" it is
prepared to insist upon the constitutional
amendment and negro suffrage and the aboli-
tion of the rebel provisional governments. So
it has decreed.
In 1861 the rebels were not obliged to us for
any concessions that we made. They said it
was from cowardice that we made any con-
cessions of humanity or anything else. In
1866 I was prepared to advocate, and did ad-
vocate, a bill to pay these rebel claims. The
Senator from Nevada has satisfied me that I
was mistaken. These men knew that they
were not officers of the Government. The
Secretary of the Treasury knew that they were
not officers of the Government. No man was
obliged to pay taxes to them as officers of the
Government. I now take back all that I said
in 1866 in advocacy of this proposition, except
that the Secretary of the Treasurv should be
impeached for his illegal acts. Then I sail}
that he should he impettchefl or we should pay.
