1888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
I believed it, sir. I then said that unless we
werg prepared to impeach the criminal, we
ought to pay these honest men. But, sir, I
am now satisfied that these men have held
office foe a full year after that declaration was
made, and I shall now vote against paying
them one single cent. They knew they were
not officers of the Government, and they had
no right to collect a dollar under the law if
they were not officers of the law. I hope, sir,
that this proposition will not pass at all now.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, it is certainly
a somewhat novel position for me to occupy as
a defender of the Administration or any mem-
ber of it; and yet I feel impelled on this occa-
sion to say a few words in vindication of the
high standing and integrity and truth of the
Secretary of the Treasury. I have known him
for thirty years. No man in the State which
I in part represent came here witlv a higher
character than he did; he is regarded as an
honest, efficient, and able man. Instead of
being the cashier or clerk of an inconsidera-
ble bank in the State of Indiana, for many
years lie was the president of the State Bank
of .Indiana with some twenty-five branches,
and a capital of three or four million dollars,
and managed it with great success. His man-
agement of that bank was doubtless the reason
of his being selected as Comptroller of the
Currency, selected by Mr. Lincoln upon his
own motion, from personal knowledge of his
character as a business man, an honest man,
and an upright citizen. The position was not
sought by Mr. McCulloch. He came here with
great reluctance. After two years' experience
as Comptroller of the Currency he was selected
by Mr. Lincoln as Secretary of the Treasury,
and no man perhaps knew him better or more
intimately than did Mr. Lincoln. I cannot
then sit quietly by and hear him denounced as
a man wanting in truth, wanting in integrity,
and having committed a great crime.
I shall not enter into the argument of this
case further than to say this: 1 think as Sec-
retary of the Treasury he violated the law,
perhaps, in the appointment of these subordi-
nate officers; bnt in his case there was a con-
flict of duty. It was his sworn duty to collect
the revenue and enforce the revenue laws.
Loyal men were appointed collectors and as-
sessors in every single instance, but were unable
to carry out the objects of that appointment
without the assistance of some persons known
to the community where the officers were sta-
tioned. These officers were not appointed by
Mr. McCnlloch in the first instance. They
were appointed upon the recommendation of
loyal collectors and assessors. They were
not officers in any sense ; they were not officers
nnder the act of 1862. The only revenue
officers recognized by that law are assessors
and collectors for each congressional district.
It is true they have a right to appoint assistant
collectors with the concurrence of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, but these assistant col-
lectors are in no sense officers. What is an
officer? A man appointed to discharge the
duties of a certain office, the duties of which
are limited and established by law. No such
duties are prescribed and established by law to
be discharged by these assistant collectors and
assessors. The whole duty devolves upon the
principals, and they alone are the officers.
These others are mere agents, selected for
convenience.
But suppose the Secretary of the Treasury
made a mistake; is that a crime? Suppose
/he acted, as we believe, in contravention of the
law of 1862. There was a conflict of duties.
One duty was to obey the one law ; the other,
to obey the other. There was an anomalous
condition of things in the country. These two
duties were inconsistent, and he simply chose
between them. I think he made a mistake,
though I am not clear as to that, for I think
the proof will show that not one single assessor
or collector was appointed who could not and
did not take the oath.
Now, sir, I do not fppl like recognizing pay-
ment to these rebels who cannot take the oath,
and yet I see a very strong equity in their case.
When they were appointed they supposed that
their office was legal. They were, perhaps,
uninformed as to the law. I recognize the old
law maxim, that ignorance of the law can
excuse no man ; and perhaps in strictness, in
technical law, they might not in a court of law,
as between individuals, recover their compen-
sation. But here are poor, obscure deputy
assessors and collectors, who have discharged
duties to the Government where the whole
eharge for their services is less than $10,000,
and where millions have been collected in your
Treasury. Does it become a great, just, gen-
erous, magnanimous nation to turn around and
make a technical point upon a hundred and
twenty-five dollar account of a deputy whose
services are certified to by your own assessors
and collectors appointed by the President and
confirmed by this very Senate? Every one of
these collectors and assessors swore to the jus-
tice of this account, and you turn around and
say you will not recognize the affidavit of your
own officers, confirmed by yourselves, and will
make this technical point against a petty deputy
assessor whose account is only $125.
Any gentleman who will read these papers'
will see the strong equity of the case, even
though he may fail to apply technical law learn-
ing to such a case. One of them I saw but a
moment ago, certified to by our own collector,
appointed and confirmed by your own Govern-
ment. He was a member of the South Caro-
lina Legislature, voted against the ordinance
of secession, voted against sending troops to
Virginia ; but at a later stage of the rebellion
he gave some aid to it, and therefore could not
conscientiously take the oath; and the very
moment the oath was presented he resigned
his office. You owe him $121, and you will
not pay him for fear you are encouraging rebels
and acknowledging the sovereignty of the rebel
States! This hundred and twenty-one dollar
account, for honest service honestly rendered,
is too little a point to make, as it seems to me,
as acknowledging the sovereignty of the south-
ern confederacy. I cannot see it in that light.
But I rose simply to enter my protest against
this charge of want of honesty or want of integ-
rity or ability on the part of the Secretary of
the Treasury. God knows I see little enough
in this Administration or in any of its personnel
to vindicate and justify. It may be that a mis-
take has been made here ; but that Mr. McCul-
loch in that report to the Senate uttered a de-
liberate falsehood I will not and cannot believe.
What was the statement? That he could not
get assistant assessors and collectors who could
take the oath. Suppose he could have got
hundreds; but suppose he had been misin-
formed, and really believed what he said in the
report; is there any falsehood in that? Is
there any crime in that? Suppose he simply
chose the alternative between a conflict of duty
and the enforcement of two laws; is there any
crime in that?
Mr. WILSON. I move toamend theamend-
mentby striking out all after the word " that "
in the first line and inserting:
In employing persons who could not take the oath
required by law as assistant assessors in the rebel
States in the collection of internal revenue, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury acted in violation of law; but
the persons so employed being guilty of no offense are
entitled in equity to be paid for services performed;
and the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby author-
ized to pay to such assistant assessors as were actually
employed in tho collection of internal revenue in the
rebel States prior to tho 1st day of August, 1866,
compensation at the rate prescribed by law; and an
amount sufficient for that purpose is hereby appro-
priated out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Mr. CHANDLER. There seems to be an
entire misapprehension with regard to this
whole case. It is not the assistant assessors
who are at fault; it is the assessors themselves;
men appointed who could not take the oath,
and who it was known could not take the
oath. It will be remembered by nearly all the
Senators in this Chamber that a year ago last
fall t.he Secretarv of the Treasury sent in a bill
to relieve these men from taking the oath ; and
his claim to me was that he supposed Congress
would annul or mitigate the oath, and parties
were appointed whom he knew could not take
the oath. They were not assistants, not sub-
ordinates, but the principals; and this provis-
ion applies not to subordinates, bnt to princi-
pals and their subordinates. Wherever lie
appointed a rebel, that rebel appointed rebels
to act under him. Wherever he appointed a
loyal man, that loyal man appointed loyal men
to act under him.
I repeat, sir, this provision applies not to
subordinates, it applies to principals and sub-
ordinates. I ask any Senator in this Chamber
to point me to a case where a truly loyal man
was appointed as principal, where he appointed
a rebel as a subordinate. The principals and
the subordinates are together; and, sir, let
them together stand or fall. Rebel principals
appointed rebel subordinates. Loyal princi-
pals appointed loyal subordinates. I know of
no instance where that rule was reversed. I
ask any Senator on this floor to point me to a
case where a truly loyal principal appointed a
rebel subordinate. Sir, the whole thing is an
assumption 
Mr. BUCKALEW. As the Senator is put-
ting that question in so confident a manner, I
point him to the very case which I mentioned:
the appointment of an assessor in Georgia from
the State of Kansas, known to the Senators
from that State. 'I spoke of it in my remarks
a few moments ago.
Mr. CHANDLER. Who was the principal
and who the subordinate?
Mr. BUCKALEW. The list shows who the
subordinates were. I do not know the names.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbci.l] has
the names.
Mr. CHANDLER. Well, sir, I can point
you to a worse rebel in Michigan than you can
find in South Carolina; but 1 have yet to hear
of the first truly loyal man who has ever ap-
pointed a rebel as a subordinate. Now, sir,
m Tennessee, in South Carolina, in Georgia,
ir. Louisiana, wherever a truly loyal Union man
was appointed he found truly loyal Union men
who could take the oath as subordinates ; but
in South Carolina, in Louisiana, in Tennessee,
or anywhere else, wherever a rebel was ap-
pointed he appointed none but rebel subordi-
nates ; and it is the same in Michigan. Where
ever Andrew Johnson has appointed a copper-
head in Michigan, that copperhead has ap-
pointed copperhead subordinates; and I pre-
fer a South Carolina rebel to a Michigan cop-
perhead. A Michigan rebel is worse than a
South Carolina rebel. Sir, if I have got to
take either, and the appointments show that
we must either accept or reject them, give me
a South Carolina rebel and traitor, but God
deliver me from a Michigan copperhead.
Mr. CRAGIN. I understand the Senator
from Michigan to say that these principals are
the ones who are really guilty.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do.
Mr. CR AGIN. I ask him if they were con-
firmed by the Senate of the United States?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; they were not.
Mr. SUMNER. Never; not one of them.
'Mr. CRAGIN. Then they were never in
office.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; they never were
in office.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This debate, if debate
it may be called, the principal part of which
consists of personal abuse, and language that
certainly is very seldom heard on the floor of
the Senate as applicable to anybody, has taken
so singular a range that I really feel called upon
from the position which I occupy, and which
necessarily brings me in connection very much
with the Secretary of the Treasury, to say a
few words.
Let me call the attention of the Senate to the
facts in this case. They are very simple. e
passed a law which provided that if anybody
should be appointed-to any office he should
take a certain oath, and that if he could not take
