1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
diately the pending amendment of tlie gentle-
man from Ohio.
The SPEAKER. If this were a House com-
mittee that could be done, but the Chair doubts,
as this is a joint committee of the two Houses,
whether it can be ordered by a vote of the
House to report immediately.
Mr, BLAINE. I mov6, then, that the bill
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
with instructions ,to report back immediately
the following:
Skc. —. And be it further enacted. That when tho
constitutional amendment proposed as .article four-
teen by the Thirty-Ninth Congress shall have become
a part of tho Constitution of the United States: and
when anyoneofthe late so-called confederate States
shall have given its assent to the samo and con-
formed its constitution and laws thereto in all ros-
poets; and when it shall have provided by its consti-
tution that the olective franchise shall bo enjoyed by
all male citizens of tho United States, twenty-one
years old and upward, without regard to race, color,
or previous condition of servitude, except such as
may bo disfranchised for participating in tho late
rebellion or for felony at common law: and when
said constitution shall have been submitted to the
voters of said State, as thus defined, for ratification
or rejection; and when tho constitution, if ratified
by the vote of tho peoplo of said State shall have
been submitted to Congress for examination and
approval, said State shall, if its constitution bo
approved by Congress, bo declared entitled to repre-
sentation in Congress, and Senators and llepresenta-
tives shall bo admitted therefrom 011 thoir taking the
oath prescribed by law, and then and thereafter the
preceding sections of this bill shall be inoperative in
said State.
Mr. HILL. Must not tlie reference under
tlie rule be to the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opin-
ion, as the Committee on Reconstruction has
reported this bill and it is now before the House,
is is within the province of the House to send
it to another committee. As an original propo-
sition it would have to go to the Committee
on Reconstruction.
Mr. BLAINE. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The question being put 011 seconding the pre-
vious question, there were—ayes 41, noes 58.
Mr. BLAINE demanded tollers.
Tollers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Blaise and Farnswoktii.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
-■-ayes 05, noes 57.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the yeas and
nays on ordering the main question.
Mr. SPALDING. I suggest to my friend
that we can have a lest vote on a motion to
lay the whole matter on the table.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman can move
that afterward.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SPALDING. I think we have spent
time enough on this matter to have a test vote;
I therefore move to lay the bill and pending
motions on the table, and on that I demand the
yeas and nays. I shall myself vote against my
own motion.
The yeas-and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on laying the bill
and ponding motions on the table; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 39, nays 115, not
voting 3G; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aneona, Bergon/Boyer, Campbell,
Chanler, Cooper, Dawson, Denisoit, Ehlridgc, Finck,
Glossbrcnner. Goodyear, Aaron Harding, Harris,
Ilise, llogan, Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey, Hunter,
Kerr, Lcltwich, Marshall. Nicholson, Noell, Phelps,
liadlb) d, Samuel J. Randall, Kitter, Ross, Rousseau,
Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Sloan, St rouse, Taber, Nathan-
iel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Thornton, and Andrew
H. Ward—39. , , , „
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Anderson, Arnell,
Dclos E. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker. Baldwin,
Banks, Barker, Beaman, Bcnj amin, Bingham, Blame,
Blow, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Luckland,
Bundy, Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Cook, Cullom, Dawes, Defrees, Delano, llemine,
Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Lekley,
Eggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry. Gar-
field, Grinnell, Abner C. Harding, Hawkins, Hayes,
Henderson, Iligby, Hill, Holmes, Chester D. Hubbard,
John II. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd,
Julian, Kelley, Kelso, Ketcham, ICooritz, Kuyken-
dall, Laflin, George V. Lawrence. William Law-
rence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marston, Marvin,
Maynard. JloClur?, Mclvee, McRuer, Mereur, Miller,
Mooihead. Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newell, O'Neill*
Orth P.une, Patterson. Perham, Pike, Plants, Price,
Raymond, Alexander II.Rice, John H. Rice, Rollins,
Sawyer, Sclieuclt, Scofield, Shollabargor, Spalding,
Starr, Stokes, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L.
Thomas, Trowbridge jjpson, "Van Aornarn, Burt Van
Horn, RobertT. VanHorn, Hamilton Ward, Warner,
William B. Washburn, "Welkor, Wontworth, Wlialoy,
Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen P. Wilson, and
Windom—115.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Baxter, Bidwell,
Brandegee, Conkling. Culver, Darling, Davis, Gris-
wold, Hale, Hart, Hooper. Ilotehkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Ingorsoll, Jenokes, Jones,
Kasson, Latham, Lo Blond, MeCullough, Melndoo,
Morrill, Niblaek. Pomeroy, William II. Randall,
Rogers. Stevens, Stilwell, Trimble, Elihu B. W««h-
burne, Henry D.Washburn, Winfield, AVoodbridge,
and Wriglit—36.
So the bill was not laid ou the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. DEMING stated that liis colleague,
Mr. Brandegee, was paired with Mr. McCul-
loucjii,
Mr. NIBLACIv said he had paired on this
vote with Mr. Washbojrx, of Indiana.
Mr. ALLISON. I would inquire if this
motion prevails and tho bill is referred to the
Committee on tho Judiciary, and that com-
mittee reports it back again according to tho
instructions, will it then be open to amend-
ment ?
Tho SPEAKER. If. the bill is immediately
reported back, as it must bo according to the
order of the House, if the motion prevails, it
will then be open to amendment, unless the
previous question is seconded.
Tho question was taken on ordering the
main question; and it was dccided in the
affirmative—yeas 85, nays 78; not voting 27 ;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Anderson, Delos
R. Ashley, Jaws M. A«hley, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Bergen, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaino, Blow,
Boycr, Broom all. Buekkuul, Bundy, Campbell,
Reader W. Clarke, Cook, Cooper, Darling, Davis,
Dawes, DetVeos. Delano, Doming, Dixon, Dodge,
Donnelly, Dumont. Eggleatnn, Farnsworth, Farqu-
liar, Gariield, Goodyear, llaycs, Hill, llogan, Chester
D.liubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James It. Hubbell,
Jenckcs. Kelso, Korr, lvetehaui, Kuykendaft, Laflin,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Left.wich,
Marvin, McClurg. McKee, Mcltuor, Mereur, Miller,
Moorhoad, Moriill, Nicholson, Patterson, Pholps,
Plants, Price, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William
II. Randall, Raymond, Alexander II. Rico, John
H. Riee, Rittcr, Ross, Rousseau, Sohomik. Stilwell,
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Thayer, John
L. Thomas, Andrew H. Ward, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Whaley, James F.Wilson, and Wood-
bridge—So,
NAYS—-Messrs. Alloy, Arnoll, Barker, Beaman,
Boutwell, Bromwell, Chanlor. Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Cullom, Dawson. Denison, Driegs, lickley, Eldridge,
Eliot. Finck, Glossbronncr, Grinnoll, Aaron Hard-
ing, Abncr C. Harding, Harris, Henderson, Iligby,
Holmes, Hooper, Johnil. Hubbard, Hulburd, llum-
plucy, Hunter, Ingcrsoll, Julian, Kelley, Koontz,
I,o Blond, Loan, Longyear. Lynch, Marshall, Mars-
tori, Maynard, Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newell,
Niblaek, Noell, O'Neill, Orth, Panic, Perham, Pike,
Rogers, Rollins, Sawyer. Scofield, Shanklin. Shel-
labarger, Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Stokes,
Strouse, Taber, Francis Thomas, Thornton, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert
T. Van Horn. Hamilton Ward, Warner, Went worth,
Williams Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—78.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allies, Baxter, Benjamin,
Brandegee, Conkling, Culver, Ferry, Griswold, Halo,
11 art, Hawkins, Hisc, llotchjuss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Demas Hubbard, Jones, Kasson, Latham, MeCul-
lough, Mcindoc, Pomeroy, Kitgraives, Trimble,
Elihu B. Washburne,Henry D. Washburn, W intield,
and Wright—27.
So the main question was ordered.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Biaixe to commit tlie pending bill to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary with instructions.
Mr. STEVENS. I will call for the yeas
and nays on that motion. But before doing
so, I will ask whether the hour will ever come
to which I am entitled by tho rule after the
previous question has been seconded and the
main question ordered ?
The SPEAKER. Tho gentlemanjs entitled
to his hour now if he claims it. The Chair
will state in this connection that the motion to
refer to the Committee on the J udiciary, one
of the standing committees of this House,
takes precedence as an independent motion of
the motion to recommit to a select committee.
Mr. STEVENS. If this is the only chance
I shall have I will say now what I have to say
on this subject.
The SPEAKER. After the House proceeds
to act under the previous question, and the
order is partially executed, it is not in order to
debate the question.
Mr. .GRINNELL. la it in order .to -ask
unanimous consent that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania (Mr. Stevexs)have leave.to speak
at some other stage of this bill?
The SPEAKER. Unanimous consent could
be given for that purpose. But should the
motion to commit prevail, the bill will not.then
be before the House for discussion.
Mr. STEVENS. In the present state of my
health a few words must suffice for .what I
have to say at this time. Besides my physical
inability, I feel a moral depression, possibly
without sufficient cause, when I see the condi-
tion of the great party that is responsible for
the doings of this Congress, and to, which I
belong; to see it, in my judgment, about to
destroy itself, to place itself in a condition
which ought to destroy it.
For tho last few months Congress has been
sitting here, and while the South has been
bleeding at every pore, Congress has done
nothing to protect the loyal people there, white
or black, cither in their persons, in their lib-
erty, or in their property. Although we are
insensible.to it, the whole country is alive to
the effect of the supineness with which this
Congress has conducted itself. I of course
have no right to reproach anybody. I do not
reproach any one. I simply grieve that such
is the condition of the country, one which is
not realized apparently by the House, and
especially that part of it which is responsible
to the nation. We are enjoying om-selves in a
tolerable way, those of us who have health and
spirits, while the South is covered all over with
auarchy and murder and rapine.
Tho President has sought to establish what
he says will effect the union of these States,
if yielded to by Congress. The Congress has
declared that the President has usurped pow-
ers -which do not belong to him; that all that
ho has done is void in the face of tho law ; and
that Congress alone has the power to protect
these peoplo and to create governments, and
yet we sit hy and move no hand, we sit by and
raise no voice to effect what we declare to be
the duty of Congress. I know not liow other
gentlemen may view it, but so far as I am my-
self concerned—I chargc none else with it—
I view it as great dereliction of duty.
Wo are asked by gentlemen why we who are
upon tho joint Committee on Reconstruction
have not presented some plan upon which Con-
gress could act. Wo have been asked it with
some acrimony by the gentleman from Ohio
[ Mr. Souesck] and others on this side of tho
House; we have been asked it with more pro-
priety by gentlemen on the other side.
Now, it must be remembered that during
this session of Congress we had no opportunity
of acting until after the holidays, and since
that time we have had but little over a month.
It must be remembered that when the holidays
had passed and Congress had again assembled
there was a plan, whether good or bad, pre-
sented to this House for consideration, upon
which a debate of three weeks took place with-
out any attempt to amend it. And then there
was a course of action pursued on the part of
a gentleman, [Mr. Bingham,] who, it seemed
to me, in a most unparliamentary and discourt-
eous manner took charge of that bill when it
had been reported, before the author of it had
any opportunity to make any motion in regard
to it; and with a vig^r, an energy, and if I
may say so without offense, with a doggedness
which would have done great credit to Stone-
wall Jackson in his palmiest days. Although
appealed to, time after time, ho refused to
allow the bill to be open to amendment. It
will be remembered that I asked that the
motion to recommit should be withdrawn, to
give an opportunity to the House, if they did
not like the bill in its then condition, to go on
and perfect it. But it was defiantly refused ;
and inasmuch as this House sustained the re-
fusal I of course have nothing to say. I accept
the position, as the rebels do, because it cannot
be helped.
Hut we have been told that we do not offer
anythiag. I do not know whether that bill
