450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
before the expiration of ten days after its pas-
sage. I propose to stand now by the record I
made then, and trust the House also will stand
by its own record on the premises."
.-J.-regret that the Senate, have>dfeemeel it ne-
cessary to add the third section to this bill. In
other respects the bill is the same that we passed
at the last session. Notwithstanding the third
section, I shall vote for the bill for the reasons
I shall give. My "first objection to the third
section, imposing a condition upon the State
of Nebraska, ig that it is repugnant, in every
sense of-the word, to the first section of the
bill and the'preamble. The preamble of the
bill,recites that the people of Nebraska have
adopted a constitution in conformity with the
provisions and conditions of the enabling act
of-Congress and republican in its form of gov-
ernment. The first section of the bill enacts:
That the constitution and State government which
the people of Nebraska have formod for themselves
be, and the same is hereby, accepted, ratified, and
confirmed, and that the said State of Nebraska shall
be, and is hereby declared to be, one of the United
States of America, and is hereby admitted into the
Union upon an equal footing with the original States
in all respects whatsoever.
_ The section added to the bill of the last ses-
sion by the Senate provides— 1 '
, That this act shall tak,e effect with the fundamental
and perpetual condition that within said State of
Nebraska there shalll be no abridgement or denial of
exercise of the elective franchise, orofanyotherright
to-any person by reason of race or color, excepting
Indians not taxed.
The constitution of the State, which is con-
firmed by the first section of this bill, limits, as
do the constitutions of an overwhelming major-
ity of the States of this Union, the exercise of
the elective franchise and the privilege of the
franchise of office to white citizens of the Uni-
ted States. That constitution with that limita-
tion is expressly ratified and confirmed by the
first section ef the bill, whilethe same consti-
tution is attempted to be disaffirmed by the
third section of the bill; so that the two sec-
tions cannot stand together. If the third sec-
tion is passed and valid in law Nebraska be-
comes a State, not upon the constitution made
by the people, but on a constitution made by
pongress; if the first section is valid, the State
is admitted in violation of the third section
therefore, if this bill shall pass in the form in
„which it now is, the one or the other of those
sections must fall.
Again, the first section declares that the—
State of Nebraska shall bo, and is hereby declared
to be, one of the United States of America, and is
hereby admitted into the Union upon an equal foot-
ing with the original States in all respeetswhatsoever.
Now, I venture to affirm that the legislation
which is attempted to be imppsed upon this
State by the third section of this bill has no
parallel in anything that has ever before been
attempted by an American Congress. It is a
guarantied right of every State in this Union
to regulate for itself the elective franchise
within its limits, subject to  o condition what-
ever except that it shall not so exercise that
powef and so regulate the elective franchise as
to transform the State government from one
republican in form into any other form of gov-
ernment. The right of the majority of the male
citizens of the United States of full age to con-
trol its political powers is of the essence of the
rights guarantied to the States by the first arti-
cls, second section, of the Constitution of the
United States, and reaffirmed by that other
provision of the Constititution of the United
States which declares "thatthe United States
shal'l guaranty to every State in this Union a
republican form of government."
The provision of the Constitution of the
United States is—
"The House of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen every second year by the people
of the several States, and the eleotors in each State
shall have the qualifications requisite for the most
numerous branch of the State Legislature."—Article
1, section 2.
' Now, sir, what is a republican form of gov-
ernment? If there is anything settled under
the American Constitution by the traditions of
pur people and by. the express laws of this land,
iMs.tiie absolute, unquestioned, unchallenged
right of a majority of American male citizens,
of full age, resident within an organized con-
stitutional State of this Union, to control its
entire political power, both State and national,
in the mode prescribed by the Constitution of the
United States. It has been so settled time and
again, legislatively and judicially, and finally
it was so settled upon hundreds of stricken
fields of battle, through four years of war, that
the majority of the people, speaking through
organized State governments, had an unques-
tioned right to control unchallenged the exer-
cise of the elective franchise under their re-
spective State laws and compel obedience to the
decision. That and all other political rights
of the people of the several States, acting under
the Constitution of the United States, were
challenged by the late rebels in arms, and the
American people by wager of battle reaffirmed
in fire and blood, where the earthquake led the
charge, that there should be no appeal in this
land from the decision of the legal majority,
either in the affairs of the State or in the af-
fairs of the nation. I stand, sir, by that deci-
sion, the right of the majority to rule under the
law and subject to the Constitution.
Again, sir, this principle has been affirmed
since our session opened by the solemn act of
twelve million people, through their represent-
atives in the Legislative Assemblies of twelve
organized States, in the solemn ratification of
that constitutional amendment which this Con-
gress proposed, and upon the final adoption of
which, and its incorporation into the Consti-
tution, depends, in my judgment, the future
safety of the Republic. The last clause of this
bill is in utter conflict with one of the provisions
of the proposed constitutional amendment, as
it is in conflict, as I have already shown, with
the existingtext of the Constitution. The pro-
vision of the. constitutional amendment to which
I refer is as follows:
"Sue. 2. Representatives shall be apportioned
among the several States according to their respect-
ive numbers, counting the whole number of personsin
each State, excludinglndiansnottaxed. Butwhenthe
right to vote at any election for the choiceof electors
for President and Vice-President of th e United States,
Representatives in Congress, the executive and judi-
cial officers of a State, or the mebibers of the Legis-
lature thereof, is denied to any of the male inhabit-
ants of such State, being twenty-one years of age
and citizens of the United States, or in any way
abridged except for participation in rebellion or
other crime, tho basis of representation therein shall
be reduced in the proportion which the number of
such male citizens shall bear to the whole number of
male citizens twenty-one years of age in such State."
What is this but a reaffirmation of the prin-
ciple that the power of the several States in
this Union shall be equal in this: that their
representative power must be according to the
whole number of their representative popula-
tion and not otherwise. It was so always, with
the exception of that provision which was made
on account and in restraint of slavery then in
our midst; just as this amendment is now made
iu restraint of any abuse by the States of the
reserved power in each to prescribe the quali-
fications of electors.
But, Mr. Speaker, I recur to the provisions
of the third section of this bill, and ask, if that
is to, be held valid and become law, what be-
comes in that event of the second section of
the first article of the Constitution, before
recited, that—
"The House of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen every second year by the peoplo
of the several States, and tho electors in each State
shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of
the most numerous branch of the State Legislature."
Why, sir, Congress might as well determine
by law of Congress who shall be elected to the
most numerous branch of the State Legisla-
ture ; and to be consistent, by the third sec-
tion of this bill Congress is asked so to deter-
mine, by the words, 1' there shall be no denial of
the elective franchise or of any other right on
account of race or color." Why not add nor
on account of age, sex, or residence; and
thereby subject this new State to be over-
run and governed by the population of other
States and Territories?
I for one enter my protest against any such
pretended and attempted usurpation of author-
ity- I would not vote for this bill but for the
conviction that the section ia question has no
more validity than so much blank" paper, and
that so much of the bill as is valid is just and
ought to pass that the people of Nebraska
may be admitted as a State of the Union. The
third section, of which I have spoken as void
and an attempted usurpation, declares that— ,
This act shall take effect with the fundamental
and perpetual condition that within said State of
Nebraska there shall be no abridgment or denial of
the exercise of the elective franchise, or of any other
right, to any person by reason of race or color.
If you should be able to give effect to this
section you thereby say who shall be eligible
to the office of Governor; you say by that who
shall be eligible to the legislative and to the
judicial offices of that State, contrary to the
constitution of the people of the State, and
forever after the State shall be admitted. I
deny the right of Congress to do this. I would
say once for all that this dual system of national
and State government under the American
organization is the secret of our strength and
power. I do not propose to abandon it. I
shall vote for the bill, protesting that the third
section has no validity and ought not to.be
embraced in the bill, and from the conviction
that the residue of the bill ought to become a
law without delay in the interests of the people
of Nebraska and of the Republic.
"But," gentlemen say, ''other bills have
been passed admitting States upon the con-
dition that they should not allow involuntary
servitude or slavery except as a punishment
for crinYe." New States in that behalf were
excepted by the very text of your Constitution.
The language of that Constitution as it came
to us provided that the power to continue that
infernal traffic, the slave trade, should be exer-
cised till 1808 only by the States existing at the
time of the adoption of the Constitution. The
attempt wa3 made in the convention to extend
this provision to the new States; but the propo-
sition to that effect was voted down and rejected.
There is therefor^ no justification in such restric-
tions against slavery in new States for what is
attempted to be done here to-day.
It is urged also that States have been admitted
upon the condition that non-resident citizens
of the United States should be subject to no
other or higher rate of tax than resident citi-
zens or be denied the immunities or privileges
of citizens therein. But this is simply a car-
rying out of that provision of the Constitution
which declares that "the citizens of each State
shall be entitled to all privileges and immuni-
ties of citizens" [of the United States] (sup-
plying the ellipsis) "in the several States."
It has been urged also that States have been
admitted with the condition that the public
lands should not be subject to tax within the
State. But, sir, the provisions of the Consti-
tution declare that wherever the Government
of the United States acquires property, even
within the limits of an organized State, the
Congress shall have exclusive jurisdiction in
all cases over the same; and therefore such
property of necessity is not subject to State
taxation. Thus all these limitations have been
imposed in strict accordance with the letter
and spirit of the Constitution, in aid of, and
not, as in this case, in violation of its express
provisions.
Suppose, sir, to complete this new-fangled
system of legislation, Congress should provide
for the admission of a State " with the funda-
mental and perpetual condition'' that it shall
not enjoy as a State of the Union its equal
representation in the Senate. The provision
securing to the States equal suffrage in the
1 Senate is no more obligatory than the second
section of the first article, which declares the
right of the people of every State every two
years to choose Representatives in Congress
by the votes of such persons as are qualified
electors for the most numerous branch of the
State Legislature as prescribed -by State law,
thus affirming the equal right of the respective
States to prescribe the qualifications of voters
at all elections therein.
If in an event Congress was to be allowed
