1214
THE CONGBESSIOML GLOBE.
February 13.
i
was good or bad; I thought it was a good bill;
I had labored upon it in conjunction with sev-
eral committees of loyal men from the South
for four months, I had altered and rgaltered
it, written and rewritten it four several times;
and found that it met the approbation of nu-
merous societies and meetings in all the south-
ern States. It was, therefore, not altogether
my fault if it %as not so good a bill as might
be found; but I did think that, after all, it
was uncivil, unjust, indecent not to attempt to
amend it and make it better, to see whether we
could do something to enable our friends in
the southern States to establish institutions
according to the principles of republican gov-
ernment.
I warned the House that if that bill should
go back to the committee it must die. My
vigorous friend from Ohio assured us that such
would not be the effect, that the bill would
come back here fresh and blooming in the
course of a couple of days. Whore is it How?
Why have we not something in lieu of it that
suits the gentleman ? for I may say that this bill
came from that same committee, after careful
examination, with the unanimous consent of
every member of the committee belonging to
this side of the House except one. It came
here with a perfect understanding that if it was
to pass and become 'a law it must pass with-
out amendment. It was not intended as a
reconstruction bill. It was intended simply as
a police bill to protect the loyal men from
anarchy and murder, until this Congress, taking
a little more time, can suit gentlemen in a bill
for the admission of all those rebel States upon
the basis of civil government.
But, sir, this bill encounters precisely the
same obstacles as the other, and is met in pre-
' eisely the same spirit. There are in it some
words in regard to which there is a difficulty
about the spelling. Several of my friends can-
not accept the bill because adverbs are improp-
erly placed ; and while on this side of the House
gentlemen do not protend to object to its main
features, yet they do object to its particles and
its articles; and what is worse than all, for I
have tried to alter the language to suit my
friends around me, they have with a pertina-
cious determination taken every possible step
to pledge this Congress' to what we are pleased
to call a constitutional amendment, as a finalty,
so that its adoption by the South shall securo
their admission. Gentlemen on this side have
maintained that these conquered districts arc
States; and my friend from Ohio [Mr, Bing-
ham] declared this morning with proper exult-
ation that he had succeeded in passing through
this Houso a bill which uses the word "States"
precisely as the President uses it in his theory
as to the right of admission of those claiming
to represent the rebel States.
Hut, sir, the gentleman's announcement was
no news to mo. It was only in accordance
with what I have seen all winter. I saw it in
the magnificent peroration of the gentleman in
the last discussion with regard to the bill to
which I have referred. It is no,w proposed to
pledge Congress in advance to that to which
we have no right to pledge them—the admis-
sion of those States when certain things shall
be done. Why, sir, are wo to pledge future
Congresses ?
Mr. SHJiLLABAUGER. The gentleman
will permit mo to say that there was embodied
in one section of the Louisiana bill a distinct
declaration that if the State should seek rep-
resentation here under the Constitution pro-
vided for in that bill, its admission shall be on
such terms as the Congress to which applica-
tion is made shall demand. That provision
was inserted for the very purpose of excluding
the conclusion that Congress when the time
comes shall not declare what it may deem the
proper terms of admission.
Mr. BLAINE. And my amendment leaves
the question entirely to future Congresses, just
exactly as that does.
Mr. STEVENS. What I am speaking of is
this proposed step toward universal amnesty
and universal Andy-Johnsonism. [Laughter.]
If this Congress so decides, it will give mo great
pleasure to join in the io triumphe of the gentle-
man from Ohio in leading this House, possibly
by forbidden paths, into the sheepfold or the
goatfold of the President.
Now, sir, what do we propose by this bill?
We propose simply to protect them, and if any
gentleman chooses to introduce to-morrow a
joint resolution based on the bill of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, the New Orleans bill, and
making it applicable to all these States, I have
no doubt that it will be passed through this
House in a few hours and will become law.
If the other can become a law, so could it.
But why tie us up by this pledge in advance
to the constitutional amendment? I do not
like to say anything against that amendment,
sir, although I have no respect for it. But
why touch it? There is a difference of opinion ;
why distract the party, unless it is for the
benefit of others in other quarters?
Mr. Speaker, I feel quite unwilling to discuss
questions of this kind after seeing the foregone
conclusion of the House, but I am so clcarly
impressed with the importance of this bill that
I have thought proper, unwell as I am, to say
this much.
If, sir,I might presume upon my age, wjthout
claiming any of the wisdom of Nestor, I would
suggest to the young gentlemen around me,
that the deeds of this burning crisis, of this
solemn day, of this thrilling moment, will east
their shadows far into the future and will make
their impress upon the annals of our history,
and that we shall appear upon the bright pages
of that history, just in so far as we cordially,
without guile, without bickering, without small
criticisms, lend our aid to promote the great
cause of humanity and universal liberty.
1 know that the gentlemen upon the other
side of^the House believe that this is a harsh
measure; and so docs the gentleman from
Ohio on this side, who to-day, and the other
day, made beautiful appeals to our sense of
humanity, and depicted the glory of a great
nation forgiving great criminals for uuropeuted
crimes.
I am awaro that gentlemen, hero and else-
where, have seemed to be ambitious to enun-
ciate principles of forgiveness, benevolence, and
mercy still more startling and saintly than those
of the Athenian or the Galilean sage. Sir, gen-
erosity and benevolence ore the noblest qual-
ities of our nature; but when you squander them
upon vagabonds and thieves you do that which
can command no respect from any quarter. The
sublime, I might almost say divine, doctrines or
religion promulgated by Socrates, and so much
more nobly and divinely expressed in the Sermon
on the Mount, seem to require acts of self-re-
straint almost beyond the reach of man. And
yet in urging forgiveness they refer simply to pri-
vate offenses, to personal transgressions, where
men can well forgive their enemies and smother
their feelings of revenge without injury to any-
body. But what has that to do with municipal
punishment? What has that to do with political
sanction of political crimes? When public tri-
bunals, municipalities, nations pass sentence
for crimes committed and decree confiscation
for crimes unrepented, there is no question of
malignity. When the judge sentences the
convict he has no animosity. When the hang-
man executes the culprit he rather pities than
hates him. These acts have no faculty of
cruelty in them. Cruelty does not belong to
their vocabulary. These officers of the law are
but carrying out what the law decrees. The law
commands, the law executes; but the law is
unimpassioned. The law has no feeling of
malignity, no feeling of vengeance. Gentle-
men mistake, therefore, when they make these
appeals to us in the name of humanity.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to say what perhaps had
better not be said, that gentlemen who are thus,
either by direction or indirection, defending
the causo or palliating the conduct of these
rebel traitors are making for themselves 110
good record with posterity. They, sir, who
while preaching this doctrine are hugging and
caressing those whose hands are red and whose
garments are dripping with the blood of our
and their murdered kindred, are covering them-
selves with indelible stains, which all the waters
of the Nile cannot wash out.
Mr. Speaker, a single word as to the num-
ber of amendments. There are seven of them ;
and I am satisfied that any one of them, if
ingrafted upon this bill will be sure to kill it.
This bill proposes to do certain things. If
there is anything further desired, let it. 'be
accomplished in some other way. The bill of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] may
be "a good bill, but it has no business here, it is
not pertinent to this question. Of the amend-
ment of the other gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] I have already spoken. The amend-
ment of his colleague [Mr. Lawrence] shows
great care and wisdom; but I implore that
gentleman not to thrust it upon this bill to its
utter destruction. Just so with the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Trimble.] The bill of the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Lynch] is a very desirable one
and more effective than that of his colleague
from Maine, [Mr. Blaine,] and could I vote
for either, did I not know that either would be
ruinous to this bill, I would accept that in
preference to any other.
The amendment of the distinguished and
gallant gentleman from" Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] has undoubtedly much talent in it. It
applies, however, only to a single State 
Mr. BANKS. I did not propose any amend-
ment to this bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I know; but it is on the
file of amendments. I fear that that bill would
not succeed. It proposes to set up a contriv-
ance at the mouths of the Mississippi, and by
hydraulic action to control all the States that
are washed by the waters of that great stream.
[Laughter.]
So I might go on with two or three more.
The amendment of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Blaine,] as I said before, lets in a vast
number of rebels, and shuts out nobody. All
I ask is that when the House comes to vote
upon that amendment it shall understand that
the adoption of it would be an entire surrender
of those States into the hands of the rebels.
Mr. Speaker, I feel that I have already tres-
passed too long upon the House; and as there
may be a wish to take the vote now, as it is
about four o'clock, I shall sit down, so as to
leave it to the House to determine.
Mr. BROOMALL. I desire to ask a ques-
tion of the Chair. If this bill is committed to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and imme-
diately reported back, as it will be, will it then
bo in order to move, as a substitute for the
entire bill, the substance of the Louisiana bill
applied to the rest of the States?
The SPEAKER. After it is committed to
the Committee 011 the Judiciary, the chairman
of that committee will report it back instanter
under the instruction of the House; and then
if the House does not close the debate by
seconding the previous question that amend-
ment will be in order.
Mr. BROOMALL. Then I give notice that
I will offer that amendment when I have the
opportunity, should the motion to commit
prevail.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, and Mr. MILLER asked
and obtained leave to print some remarks upon
the bill under consideration. [Their remarks
will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. JULIAN. If the motion to commit
the bill to the Judiciary Committee should be
voted down, what would be the effect?
The SPEAKER. The previous question
having been seconded and the main question
ordered, if the motion to commit is voted
down, the previous question will not be ex-
hausted until the third reading of the bill.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Blaine, to commit the bill to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, with certain instruc-
tions.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
