1890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
but I do not believe it proves the capacity to
manage tho financial concerns of a great nation.
It requires somethiug more besides barely
making money. Although the Secretary of
the Treasury may not be so distinguished as
he ought to be in that line—1 believe he is
comfortably off—yet 1 think the country, as a
whole, ia pretty well satisfied that he is an
able and an honest man. There may be abler
men in the country, though not more honest,
for I think he is as honest as a man can be;
but, sir. we do not always get the best. It is
our misfortune that we do not go to the right
State to get a Secretary of the Treasury; but
those things are accidental; they will come
about in spite of all that we can do. I think
that while he does stand there at the head of
the Treasury Department trying to discharge
his duties, it is very poor policy in us, owing
as much money as we do, so much depending
upon our national credit, so much depending
upon the confidence that the people have, or
ought to have, in the management of our
financial concerns, to be continually in public
depreciating, running down, and abusing the
man who is placed at the head of it. Give
him a fair chance at any rate. Judge him by
his acts, and not deal in general declamation
upon a matter so vital.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the most
beautiful passage that has come down to us
from antiquity I believe was that famous
epitaph written by the Greek poet Simonides
on those who fell at Thermopylie. I# was, if I
remember it, as follows: "Stranger, say at
Lacedaamon that we died here in obedience to
her laws.'' God be praised that an ancient
poet was inspired to give to mankind that
legacy of obedience to law.
And now, sir, as a Senator of the United
States, I arraign the Secretary of the Treasury
for a violation of a solemn law of this Republic.
The Senator from Maine treats it as a trivial
offense. I treat it as a crime ; and so from my
place now arraign him. The Senator says that
when he undertook to fill these offices he con-
sulted the interests of the country as he under-
stood them. How did he understand them?
It was in this way: to save a few dollars of
revenue ; but what was the consequence ? He
set at naught a sacred statute of this Republic
which was intended as one of the guardians of
the public peace. If ever there was a statute
which a member of this Government was sol-
emnly bound to follow it was that statute which
the Secretary of the Treasury thus set at naught.
Therefore when it is said that he acted for the
best interests of the country, I openly say the
contrary. In undertaking to save a few dollars
of revenue he set an example of infinite evil
to the country. At this moment we are suffer-
ing incalculably from the example which he
gave us.
This is what I have to say in reply to that
j art of the Senator's remarks in which he
treated this criminal conduct of the Secretary
as trivial. It was not trivial; it was a great
offense; and as often as I think of it I wonder
that the thunders of Congress have so long
slept.
I shall not, however, be betrayed by the dif-
fusive speech of the Senator into any general
discussion of the character of the Secretary of
the Treasury. My habit is to confine myself
to the precise question. I shall not be led
into a consideration of his previous history, of
his character as a financier, or as an agent of
a bank, or as a Comptroller. I have thus far
made no allusion to that in this debate. I have
confined myself strictly to the question under
consideration; and that may be expressed in
one single word: he is an open violator of the
laws of the land. Do not treat it lightly, sir.
Do not undertake to epologize for it by sug-
gesting that in that way he saved a paltry rev-
enue to the country. Ay, sir, in saving that
paltry revenue he sacrificed the good name of
this country, and unsettled the securities of
peace and tranquillity. Ay, sir, human rights
suffered immeasurably on that day when the
I Secretary of the Treasury was inspired to that
j evil conduct.
Sir, in thus arraigning him I do now noth-
ing but what I have done before on this floor.
And let me say, too—and I now make a state-
j ment which I have never made before—I act
I simply in the execution of a promise, of a vow
made months before the last meeting of Con-
cress, when I first heard of this unhappy con-
duct, and which, by letter, I communicated
directly to the Secretary himself. I wrote to
him from my home in Massachusetts the mo-
ment that I saw this unhappy conduct, fruitful
as it has been in woes to our beloved country,
protesting against it with all the ardor of my
soul, entreating him not to pursue it, and tell-
ing him that if he did I should deem it my duty
at an early occasion to expose it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I think that the debate
of this evening is unworthy of this body. Two
committees of this Senate, both of tjiem stand-
i ing high, one last year and one this, have rec-
ommended the passage of this measure. The
Committee on Finance have to-day reported it
again. I do not mean to counsel the breaking
of the law; but I know that if I occupied the
position of the Secretary of the Treasury at
; the time that he broke this law, as it is alleged,
I 1 should have done exactly as he did. I know
that if to-day I had any business to perform
in the southern States I should more certainly
take one cognizant of the people and of their
relations to the business of the people than I
should send a stranger to that point.
Sir, these constant attacks upon the Secre-
tary of the Treasury of the United States under-
mine the industry and the business interests
of this country. Few can really understand
how intimately connected all the relations of
business are with the Treasury of the United
States; and when you attack that, through its
highest officer, you attack every business rela-
tion in the country. I trust that when Sena-
tors hereafter unguardedly and thoughtlessly
attack that high officer and the Treasury of
the country, they will consider that they are
undermining the foundation of the industry
and business interests of the country.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I confess myself a little
surprised at the purport of the remarks of the
Senator from Rhode Island, in which he de-
plores the debate to-night as undermining the
interests of the country in attacking a public
officer. Did it not occur to him that in setting
the high example of violation of law there was
no undermining of the public interests of the
country?
Sir, I hope the Senate is not to be led astray
from the question before it by this discussion
in regard to the Secretary of the Treasury. I
do not think that we need to discuss him on
the present occasion. For my part, I have
nothing to say in regard to the Secretary of the
Treasury. The question before us is whether
these officers appointed in violation of law shall
now be paid. The Senator from Maine seems
to suppose that they could enter upon the dis-
charge of their duties without taking this oath.
The law prohibits that, and says:
" Before entering upon tho duties of such office
they shall take and subscribe the following oath."
Mr. SUMNER. And before being paid also.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am now speaking of
their entering upon the duties of the office.
They had no right to enter upon those duties.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Lane] in
his ardent and enthusiastic speech, and he is
always earnest, seems to have been misled as
to the facts. In his zeal to defend the Secre-
tary of the Treasury he seems to have forgot-
ten the case, and he supposes that these per-
sons were not officers, that they were deputy
collectors and assessors only; and the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] perhaps
catching the idea from him, has offered an
amendment confining the provisions of the sec-
tion to assistant collectors and assessors of the
internal revenue. Let me inform the Senator
from Indiana that these persons who were ap-
pointed were officers—officers of the customs as
well as assistant assessors and collectors. One
of them is James M. Matthews, collector of cus-
toms at Tappahannock, Virginia. Was he not
an officer? Could you not find a loyal man at
Tappahannock, in Virginia? One of these
officers was William Y. Leitch, surveyor at
Charleston, South Carolina. Is he not an
officer ?
Mr. LANE. If the Senator will pardon me,
my remarks were confined exclusively to assist-
ant collectors and assessors of internal revenue.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know they were, and
that was the mistake of my good friend from
Indiana, that in defending the Secretary he
seemed to suppose nobody had been appointed
in violation of law except assistant collectors
and assessors. Why, sir, J. F. Marrast was
appointed an inspector at Mobile, Alabama.
Now, I want to ask the Senator from Ohio and
the Senator from Maine, do you believe that
no loyal man could have been found at Charles-
ton or at Mobile, or at Tappahannock in Vir-
ginia? Why, sir, does not every one of us
know, have we not a personal acquaintance
with men in Mobile as loyal as any of us ? I
know some persons in Mobile who are loyal.
Here were officers appointed at Savannah. I
know persons in Savannah, with my limited
acquaintance, who have been loyal all the time.
Mr. LANE. If the Senator will pardon me
for a moment, the reason why I confined my
remarks to assistant assessors and collectors
was that they are the only persons embraced
in this appropriation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, sir, if we pay
them, I know not why you should not pay
these others. I do not recollect whether the
appropriation is confined to them or not.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is confined to assistant
assessors.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I see no distinction
between these officers and the others. Offi-
cers were appointed to collect the customs in
these cities who did not take the oath, and
these officers were continued for months and
months, nearly a year after the attention of
the Secretary was called to this matter. Now,
the question is, whether we shall pay them;
and as I said before, let us not lose sight of
this great question, not as to the dollars and
cents; there is very little importance in that;
it amounts, I am told, to but a small sum; but
it is the example. It is the very difficulty
which besets us in restoring peace and harmony
in this country. If we had placed govern-
mental authority in the hands of loyal men in
the South we would have had the States re-
stored long ago to their proper relations in the
Union. That is the difficulty. That is what
we complain of. What the loyal men of the
South have complained of all the time, and
what they complain of now is, that official posi-
tion is given to the disloyal, and that they are
oppressed. I have not seen a loyal delegation
here during this winter, and we have had them
here frtfm almost every rebel State, that has
not assured me that if the authority of office
and official position could be given to the loyal
men in the South they could maintain them-
selves. That would give them strength; and
what they ask of us is to pass some law under
which those States may be organized in such a
way that the offices of the country will be filled
by loyal men, and then the influence of the
positions they occupy will enable them, as they
think, to maintain their authority. It is in that
point of view that I consider it very important
that we do not adopt such a provision as this.
It is said that this has been reported by two
committees, and that it was reported at the
last session of Congress. Well, if it was, Con-
gress did not pass it; and the very fact that
the Congress of the United States, when the
question was presented to it, refused to pass
such a provision, it seems to me, should have
as much weight at the present time as the other
fact that committees have heretofore reported
in favor of such a proposition.
Mr. WILLEY. It strikes me that the char-
acter of the Secretary of the Treasury for in-
