1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1891
tegrity, for truth, or for capacity is really in no
wise involved in this original proposition. Now,
allow me to ask the honorable Senator from
Illinois, if he were to employ me as his agent
to build him a house, and in giving me author-
ity as his agent to do so, he was to direct me
to employ John Jones as a mechanic to do it,
and I, it may be without his knowledge, were
to employ John Smith to do it, and John Smith
should accordingly proceed and build the house
according to the specifications, in every respect
perfect, and at the proper time I was to hand
over to him the house, would he willingly enter 1
into that house and say to Mr. John Smith, "I ;
will not pay you for the labor and outlay that i',
you have made in erecting this mansion?" ii
When the storm was beating upon it and when ,
his family were secure under it, would it be a
comfortable refleQtion to himas a man ofhonor,
of integrity, of justice and equity, to remember
that ho was secure in his home which cost him
not one cent to erect? i
The Secretary of the Treasury may have j
violated the law in making these appointments; j
but then the service was done. I hear no
complaint in regard to that. The service was
rendered, and the country has had the benefit ;
of it. These may not have been the employ6s i
and agents contemplated by law; but the
money has been received into the Treasury of !
the United States through their agency and
through their services. We have got the ben-
efit of them. Now, as a great and magnani-
mous nation, as a nation influenced simply by
a sense of justice and equity, would we take
advantage of that informality, it may be of
that violation of law, and say that as a nation
we are willing to receive these services, these
benefits, and make no remuneration for them?
As a man, in the case which I have put, I think
I may certainly interpret the answer of the
Senator from Illinois, and say that he would
be the last man in the world to enter his man-
sion and enjoy it without paying the man who
had built it for him. He would scorn to do it.
He would not place his foot upon its threshold
for an hour until he had made just compensa-
tion. No matter what the informalities or
what the violation of his instructions to his
agent had been, he would not receive his house
and enjoy it without paying the man honestly
for the cost of constructing it. Shall we then
as a nation, actuated by the principles of jus-
tice and equity and honor, refuse to pay these
men who have rendered a service to the coun-
try, satisfactory in itself, simply upon the
fround that they were not the men that we
irected to be employed to do it.
Entertaining this view of the subject, and
without at all believing that the character of
the Secretary of the Treasury is involved really
in the merits of this question, I shall vote most
cordially and most heartily for the original prop-
osition and against the amendment of the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son'.] I am sorry that he has introduced an
amendment that does in its terms bring the
character of the Secretary of the Treasury abso-
lutely and directly into the discussion. I hope
that it will be voted down, and that we shall
sccure the passage of the proposition as it came
from the Committee on I'inance.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, the case put by
the Senator from West Virginia comes so near
my own idea of the point on which this contro-
versy turns that it has induced me to attempt
to point out the distinction between the case he
puts and the case before the Senate. He sup-
poses the case of a house built for his enjoy-
ment by an agent of his own, but erected by an
artisan in direct defiance of his commands, and
he thinks it would not be just and right for him
to enjoy the protection of that house without
paying the artisan what his labor was worth:
and I think he is right. But if his agent had
employed an artisan to build the house in direct
defiance of his commands, and then the agent
shoutd demand possession of his purse to pay
John Smith according to his own pleasure for
his services in building the house, I think the
Senator from West Virginia would decline to
yield the purse for that purpose.
If these assessors and other officers con-
nected with the collection of our revenues
have done honest labor for the Government,
and will present their claims to the Govern-
ment, I have no sort of objection to the Gov-
ernment paying them what their services were
worth, and I think the Government ought to
do it; but they have been employed, as has
been said and shown over and over again, in
defiance of a positive statute. An agent of
the United States employed them ; and now
the proposition is to put the Treasury into the
hands of that agent to pay them whatever he
sees fit to pay them for their services. True,
their per diem is limited by law, and the days
are limited by the calendar perhaps ; but he
is authorized to determine the number of days
they actually worked. He cannot pay them I
suppose for more than three hundred and sixty-
five days in the year; but then up to that time
there is no limitation. It seems to me we
ought not to do this. If these gentlemen have
done honest labor for the United States Gov-
ernment, as I said before, let them present
their claims, and let the Legislature of the
nation pass upon those claims. I think that
course is all the more necessary to take be-
cause of an item of information conveyed to
the Senate just now by the Senator from Ohio.
He has presented to us one of those claims;
if I understood him, the claim of an assistant
assessor who says he assessed $2,000 
Mr. SHERMAN. He swears to it. His
statement is sworn to.
Mr. HOWE. And charged $115 for do-
ing it.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the regular rate.
I have here the account made out in full if the
Senator wants to see it.
Mr. HOWE. I do not understand that to
be the regular rate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not much worse
than it is in the free States.
Mr. HOWE. I take it it is very much worse
than it is in the free States. That is six per
cent, for the mere work of assessing the inter-
nal revenue. Now, I think the whole expense
of assessing and collecting the internal reve-
nue does not amount to five per cent. That is
my impression. But six per cent, for assessing
internal revenue must certainly be an extrava-
gant demand anywhere; and I think these
claims should be inspected and examined.
There is another reason why I think these
claimants should come before Congress with
their individual claims, and that reason is this:
neither the Senator from Ohio, nor the Sena-
tor from Maine, undertakes to tell us that the
employment of these very assistant assessors is
yet dispensed with. For aught we know they
are still in the service of the Government. To
be sure the amendment before us only proposes
to pay them up to the 1st of August; but I
suppose during the next session of Congress,
if they are still in the service of the Treasury
Department, there will be an application to
Congress to pay them up to the 1st of August
next; and so you go on; and the only dis-
tinction you make between these men whom
the law says shall not be employed and those
whom the law permits to be employed is that
in the last case you make the appropriations
for the payment a year in advance, and in the
former case you make the appropriations a
year after the work is done. 1 hat is all the
distinction I see that is made by this sort of
legislation.
If these gentlemen, for any reason whatever,
have done service, and will come before Con-
gress and say that they have given up these
employments, are no longer prosecuting them,
and show what number of days' work they did.
then let Congress pay them for that work, and
let that be the end of it. But, while we are
told that these employments have been in di-
rect defiance of a positive statute, I think we
should not pass a general act authorizing the
payment of them at the pleasure of the very
officer of the Government who employed them;
and certainly it seems to me if we are to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
make these payments, as proposed by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, we ought not to pre-
cede that authority by the recital which is con-
tained in the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts. I should hate to vote for a
proposition which denounces the Secretary of
the Treasury in one breath for a violation of a
positive law and in the next opens the Treas-
ury to him to pay the agents that he has thus
employed. I shall vote against the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts, and I shall
vote against the section in the bill reported by
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. KIRK WOOD. I believe I have never
had any occasion heretofore to explain any
vote I expected to give in the Senate; but I
think perhaps I had better do so now. I in-
tend to vote against the payment of the money
to these persons; but I do not intend to do it
because I believe the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is a liar or a dishonest man or a fool; 1 do
not believe either of those things. In the
spring of 180-3, when the war closed, he deemed
it necessary and proper to attempt to collect
as much revenue as he could under the law in
the lately rebellious States. He said that
upon the information he eonkl get, upon the
inquiry he had time to make, he could not (ind
in all parts of those States men who could take
the oath of office. When he says that, I be-
lieve him. I believe in saying that he said
what was true, that upon the inquiry he had
time to make, and did make, ho could not find
those men. The Senator from Illinois must
recollect that it is more easy to find loyal men
in Savannah, Mobile, and Charleston now than
it was just after the close of the war ; at least
I think so.
If he had not gone on then and proceeded
to collect the revenue, if he had let our rev-
enue go uncollected for six months until Con-
gress met or for three months, is it not possi-
ble that we might have found men here de-
nouncing hiin for a neglect of duty in that
particular as well as for a neglect of duty in
the particular for which he is now blamed?
Would he not have been blamed for not col-
lecting the revenue which he has brought into
the Treasury by means of these officers? He
had much work to do at that time; he could
not give his whole time and attention to hunt-
ing men in these States who could take the
oath; but npon the information he had, he
thought he could not collect your revenue with-
out employing men who could not take the
oath. He did employ them, and in that way
there is no doubt that he violated the letter of
the law; but that he meant to do wrong I do
not believe.
Another thing I must be permitted to say.
I cannot see the public good to follow from
these violent attacks upon both the integrity
and the ability of the head of our Treasury
Department. It has been well said here to-
night that much of the welfare of this country
depends upon the successful administration of
our finances, upon the confidence of our own
people and the people of other countries in
the stability of our finances, and it does not
seem to me to be a good way to produce or
promote confidence in that stability for gentle-
men here to attack the head of our Treasury
Department in the way he has been attacked
here on this occasion and on previous occa-
sions.
I shall not vote to pay these men, not because
as I have before remarked I believe the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is dishonest or unfit for
his position, but because I fear that the pay-
ment of these men at this time, or at any time
before the lately rebellious States are restored
to their former position in the Government,
will induce subordinates in those States to
employ men under them, without the knowledse
of the Secretary of the Treasury, who ought
not to be employed ; and I think it better to
leave these men wholly unpaid until these
