1892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
States shall be brought back to their former
positions in the Government. I shall there- I
fore vote against paying them in accordance 1
with the recommendation of the committee, !
and also against the amendment offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. MORRILL. Inasmuch as I happen to
be a member of the Committee on Commerce,
and that committee it is said is to share the
bad eminence of the Committee on tinance
for reporting this measure, and particularly as
my chief and leader and head has flopped
over, gone on to the other side, deserted the
measure, I feel called upon to say a word or
two in explanation. !
The Committee on Commerce, when they
considered this matter as a business affair, had
no ide^ of its enormity in the way it seems
now to be stated. They did not look at it as
a matter of crime, nor did it occur to them
that iu authorizing the payment of the agents
who had acted in collecting the revenues of i
the country, the committee were indorsing a
crime and becoming responsible for it, as the
Senator from Massachusetts seems to think. |
There are two views to be taken of this ques- |
tion. One is fanciful and poetical ancLdra-
matic, and the other is business-like. The
Committee on Commerce, instituted for the
transaction of business, took the latter view
of it. My honorable friend from Nevada
[Mr. Nye] takes the poetical view, and none
can do it up better than he. He took at one
time the fanciful view of it and fancied that
this was a tax on the Federal soldiers. How,
I think will be difficult for any one to show.
Now, Mr. President, the general state of
facts before the Committee on Commerce can
be briefly stated. Here had been a rebellion j
on the surrender-of the rebel armies the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, following exactly in the
line of what the Government had been doing
during the rebellion, sent agents down there to
collect the revenue, continued to send persons
there to collect the revenue. That was a polit-
ical fact known to us and known to everybody,
that the Secretary of the Treasury was actually
• levying taxes on the people of the insurrection-
ary States. In a legal point of view the com-
mittee did not doubt that the whole thing was
irregular. The committee did not believe that
there was an officer really in that region of the
country. Assuming that all these steps were
irregular, as we hold they were, there could
not well be an officer in all that region of
country.
The honorable Senator from Nevada, when
he treats this subject as a matter of business,
comes precisely to the conclusion to which the
Committee on Commerce came, and that was
that in the collection of the revenues in the
insurrectionary States the Secretary of the
Treasury had employed persons, and not offi-
cers ; that inasmuch as these men had not
taken the oath and became qualified, they were
not officers ; but, nevertheless, they had col-
lected the revenues, and they had collected a
very considerable amount of revenues, and
paid it into your Treasury. Nobody doubts
that. Now, what sort of morality is that which
holds the money, clutches the money, does not
propose to pay that back, and then refuses to
pay the agent who collected it? If you repudi-
ate the agency, why do you not pay back the
money 1 The Senator from Nevada says not a
dollar has been legally collected. Then it has
all been extorted; but it ig in your Treasury.
If you pay these persons a small compensation,
a quantum, meruit, so much as they deserved
independent of their being officers, simply on
the consideration that they had done you a
service, it is not necessary to suppose that it
is to be assessed on the Federal soldiers. That
is buncombe ; that is sensation; that is not a
business matter; and that is not a result likely
to happen. All you propose to do is to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury, out of the
money collected in the insurrectionary dis-
tricts, to pay the agents, the persons who have
been employed in collecting it.
That being the business view of the case,
what becomes of all those denunciations of
the Secretary of the Treasury, what becomes
of all this fancy sketch of assessing this tax on
poor Federal soldiers, and taking this small
compensation out of the earnings of Federal
soldiers, and out of the pittance of their wid-
ows and orphans? That is all fancy.
According to the estimates before us prob-
ably four or five hundred thousand dollars have
been collected in the insurrectionary districts
in this irregular way. I agree that it was irreg-
ular. I agree with the honorable Senator from
Nevada that those who collected it were not
officers; but they were persons, and they were |
in your employment, as irregular as it was;
and you have got the fruits of the employment. I
You have got at the least calculation three or
four hundred thousand dollars as the fruits of ;
this irregular transaction. Now, if this amend-
ment shall pass, as proposed, out of the moneys
thus collected you will pay those persons who 1
have thus been irregularly employed. I do 1
not feel that I shall be implicated in a transac- |
tion of that sort, nor that that act will be inter-
preted as participating in a crime depicted by
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner. ] j
I did not intend, Mr. President, to participate
in the debate ; but it seemed to me to become 1
necessary to explain the simple business-like i
view which the Committee on Commerce took
of the transaction. I will read the result to
which that committee come, as allusion has
been made it. On the 6th of June, 18G6, the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Chandler] sent
to the Committee on Commerce a resolution,
which reads as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the Uni'ed States of America in Congress assembled.
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and is hereby,
authorized to adjust the accounts and pay the sala-
ries and compensation of all officers and employes
of the Treasury Department who have have been
heretofore actually engaged in collecting the revenue
within the States lately in insurrection; such adjust-
ment and payment to oo made with and to each offi-
cer or employ^ who has failed to take the oath of
office required by law whenever his successor has
been duly appointed and lawfully qualified, and not
otherwise.
The Committee on Commerce reported it
back with an amendment, striking out all after
the word "that" and inserting:
The Secretary of the Treasury be, and is hereby,
authorized to pay a reasonablocompensation to per-
sons by him employed for the purpose of and who
have been actually engaged in collecting the revenue
within the States lately in insurrection, notwithstand-
ing the failure or inability of such persons to take
the oath of office required by law : Provided, That
said compensation shall not be greater in any case
than that provided for by law forofficers of the reve-
nue performing such services: And provided further,
That this act shall not be deemed to authorize the
continuance of such porsons in such employment.
The Committee on Commerce placed it pre-
cisely on the ground of my honorable friend
from Nevada: that there were no officers there,
but persons had been employed, and had been
collecting the revenues of the country; and
therefore, without connecting ourselves with
the illegality of the employment, we recog-
nized that fact, and being participators in the
collection of the money,, being in the receipt
of the money, we agreed that the persons who
had thus collected it should have such com-
pensation as was reasonable.
Mr. DAVIS. I have listened to this debate
and have heard the facts disclosed in relation
to the conduct of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. Certain I am that he has committed no
moral offense, and if he has been guilty of an
error it has been a venial one, in which is
involved no wrong or impure motive. I am
satisfied that if he had been acting as the pri-
vate agent of any gentleman in the Senate in
the collection of money in the South, and had
received from hi3 principal such instructions
as are involved in the law regulating the ap-
pointment of these officers, and if in the cir-
cumstances in which the collection of the debt
was involved, owing to the condition of the
country, he had made just such a departure in
the transaction of this private trust from the
letter of his instructions as he did in the exe-
cution of his public office, his principal would
have fully commended his course and approved
of it.
I think the Secretary of the Treasury is an
able man, that he is an experienced and skill-
ful financier, and that he knows a great deal
more about such matters than the men who
impute to him ignorance and who assail his
conduct. I believe, too, that he has spent a
virtuous life, distinguished for integrity and
Erinciple, and the consequence has been that
e has reared a character which is a solid mon-
ument and which no such assaults as these can
shake. I believe that every shaft which has
been aimed at him to-night will never reach
him, and that if they should reach him they
would rebound without hurting him.
Mr. President, some of the most impassioned
speeches I have ever heard made in the Sen-
ate—short ones to be sure—I have heard to-
night from the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner.] He has quoted the instance
of the heroes of Thermopylae, who died in de-
fense of that law of their country which com-
manded that they should never retreat from
battle; and the most holy horror, the expres-
sion of the most poignant pain and grief that I
have ever heard from mortal tongue in com-
menting upon and denouncing the violation
of law, I have heard from that honorable Sen-
ator to-night. I do not know that, in the con-
templation of the most heinous and diabolical
crimes I have heard reprobated in my past
life, I ever heard a keener or more condemn-
ing spirit in condemnation of such crimes than
I have heard to-night from that honorable
Senator with regard to, not this criminal, but
this venial act of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury in relation to the appointment of these
assessors and collectors. A person to have
heard his remarks and witnessed his man-
ner and the agony of mind and of soul that
the contemplation of the offense of the Sec-
retary gave him would have thought th&t he
was one of the most immaculate persons that
ever trod the face of the earth; and that he
could not look at, could not contemplate a
disregard of law, much less the perpetration
of an offense and of a crime, without an agony
which it would be almost impossible for hu-
man nature to bear.
Mr. President, some years ago Congresss
passed a law which was submitted to the Su-
preme Court of the United States, and was by
the unanimous judgment of that court decided
to be constitutional. That law came before the
district and circuit courts in many of the States
of the Union, and before many of the State
courts in the different States, and by all of them
it was decided to be constitutional and to be
obligatory upon all the citizens of the United
States, and especially upon the law-givers of the
United States, the members of Congress who
had so often and so repeatedly taken an oath
to support the Constitution of the United States.
And yet this honorable Senator, with all his
affected horror, notwithstanding all his indig-
nant condemnation of the Secretary of the
Treasury for this imputed violation of law, de-
clared again and again that he would not yield
obedience to that law which had been sustained
by all the courts, Federal and State, that had
ever passed upon it, and he entered into a
criminal conspiracy by which with force of
arms that law was to be defied and overturned
and its execution prevented.
That was the case, then. We have heard
his speech now. Sir, I cannot comprehend
such inconsistency, and without making any
comment upon it I leave the matter to the
Senate with this simple statement of the facts
in each case.
Mr. BROWN. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 14, noes 13 ; and (at eleven
o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.) the Sen-
ate adjourned.
