COMGrREBSIOMAL (jLOBI.
January 14,
from the western-country-continually:  If will
yield, as I hase heretofore done am«Mo again-,
to'th'ft .ultimate and absolute power of thenum-
bem-who concentrate themsehsets in the' great
yalley,-of the Mississippi, at the earliest prac-
ticable -.period. I hail - these States as they
conic in. X welcoirio t-horn into (he i'nniiiy of
States. Bach one of-them adiis strength to the
common Government,--.standing around this
common temple j; and.-bearing gladly upon their
shoulders their share of: the continually in-
ereasingi, expenses and Burdens of the Gonf*
ernment.
- But, sir, the question of the time when these
States shall be admitted into the Union dfefwsnds
also-nrion other circumstances. Sometimes,
tfhen the condition of.thiamin a Territory is
disturbed; when the administration of a terri-
torial government is so uncertain, or so at war
in spirit with the fundamental rights of the cit-
izens, of.the United States ; when there is such
&< failure in its administration, such a disturb-
ance of society, and such a lack of ability for
self5protection under-the law, such a peculiarity
in social institutions-or in local'laws as to re-
quire us sooner than otherwise to take them
into the family of -nations and prescribe- for
them, that - they, shall conform to the common
law- of the -country: and the supreme law. of the
land,.then it becomes the duty of the Repre-
sentative to. vote for an earlier admission of
such Territory into the Union. Such were the
conditions that governed Congress in the ad-
mission of Kansas into the Union; and such
have been some of the reasons why the neigh-
boring Territory, of Nebraska has continued
up to this time out of the Union—the lack of
those disturbing elements; which existed in
Kansas, and which seemed' to be Beyond the
poweri and centrol of the-territorial adminis-
tration, and only to be settled -by the ,admis-
sion of that Territory, as one of the States. But
are any ef; those conditions, existing touching
the Territory of Nebraska or, the Territory of
Colorado? None at this time. I submit to
the House, on the contrary, that-such has been
the legislation of Congress, and such is the
administration of the: law in. the Territory of
Nebraska, and I suppose also in the Territory,
of Colorado, that never in the history of terrii
torial governments have the rights of the citi-
ssen, without distinction of race or color, been
so guarantied and protected, both civil and
political, as they are at this hour in those Ter-
ritories. The civil rights bill, which is above
Wiy territorial legislation or any adverse judi-
cial decision in a Territory where our power is
&upreme, has guarantied to him beyond peril
eyeryicivil right, known uiider the Constitution
of the United States; and within one week past'
the same sovereign power of this Congress has
f'uarantied to. him also every political right
nown under the Constitution of the United
States, so that every citizen of the United
States,- be he high or be he low, be he white
Of :be. he, black, of whatsoever name or nation
OR color or. clime, to-day in the Territory of
Nebraska enjoys, beyond ,the power of local
laws o.r adverse judicial decisions, every right,
<avil or political, known under the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman
from Massachusetts yield to me for a moment?
Mr. DAWES. I will.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise for the purpose
of withdrawing my motion to, refer this joint
resolution to the Committee on Territories;
and I may be permitted to say here that I made
the, motion on Saturday, not from any hostility
that-1 entertained to the joint resolution, but
ifrdrder that-there might be time allowed to
the House to debate it, or-to a committee to
reflect upon it. 'There has_been an hour al-
lowed for discission this, morning, and there
Will probably be an additional, hour allowed,
and I have no desire that the bill shall be com-
mitted,
Sir, I voted for the admission of this.Terri-
tory aa a State at the last session-of Congress,,
and; I. shall do so again. The constitution pre-
sented by the •State,of Nebraska is aot exactly
what I should desire it to be, but under the
peculiar circumstances surrounding the case I
shall vote to admit the State into the Union.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Ashley] is now entitled to one hour on the
passage of the bill-.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I will yield a short
portion of my time to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts- [-Mr. Dawes] to' conclude his re-
marks.
Mr. ROGERS. I would ask the gentleman
from Ohio if he, expects to allow any gentle-
man upon this side of the House to say any-
thing upon this bill?
MA ASHLEY-, of Ohio. All the speeches
that have been made thus far have been against
the bill.
Mr. ROGERS. Every single one of those
speeches has been made by a gentleman who
expects to vote for the bill. We upon this side
of the House have some rights.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I will try to yield
to some gentleman on that side.
Mr. DAWBS resumed. In this condition
of things we are asked to take from citizens
of the United States resident in Nebraska and
in Colorado the- political rights guarantied, to
them by an act of this Congress, passed not
one week ago.
■ Mr. STEVENS. Is that act a law?
Mr. DAWES. So far as we are concerned
it is the law; and T doubt not it will be the law
long before the bill now under consideration
shall become one. I felt that we had achieved
something when over the objections of the
President and by a two-third vote we secured
to the colored men of this District the polit-
ical rights we are now asked to take by the
passage of this bill from &> portion of the
people of Nebraska.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. DAWES. I would be willing to answer
any question if I was not limited as to time.
Mr, ASHLEY, of Ohio. But you are.
Mr. DAWES. I know I am. Now, to go
on with my argument, if I could understand
that we had got over this difficulty, if I could
understand that the' State constitution Which
the people of Nebraska have adopted and sent
here, and which confines all political rights to
white men, would be so modified by the last
section of this bill if passed into a law, as to
secure to all men equally those rights, then I
would .vote for this bill with great cheerfulness.
If any one can convince me that by passing
this bill we would sccure the very thing which
the people of Nebraska in forming their con-
stitution undertook to deprive the colored
people of, I would go earnestly with every
man in this House for the admission of that
Territory as a State jnto this Union.
Now, under what circumstances is it that a
constitution is brought here from the State of
Nebraska, which by its very terms attempts to
prevent anybody but white men from partici-
pating in the government of that State here-
after? At a time in the history of this Gov-
ernment, when the whole nation has been edu-
cated up to .the belief and conviction that not
only the true interpretation of the fundamental
principles of government, but the absolute
safety of our Government itself, .requires the
giving full and free scope to the Declaration
of Independence, "that all men are born
free and equal;" and that law, in whatever
shape and form administered, "derives its au-
thority only from the consentof thegovernedj"
when we are struggling to reform the social
institutions of the eleven rebel States and to
bring them up to this standard, we are called
upon in the same breath to take from these
poor citizens of Nebraska the very political
rights we sought only last week by a solemn
act of Congress to clothe t.hem with. I am
told that there are not more than one hundred
of these colored persons in Nebraska. The
more the pity then; it shows- thfe infernal hate
of the negro which prompted it. It was from
no well-grounded apprehension that the negro
would ever influence the politics of the State.
It was from pure desire——
Mr. BLAINE, (in his seat.) Pure eursed-
ness.
Mr. DAWES. Well, "pure enrsedness;"
the purest desire to persecute and still further
press down this unhappy race. The State re-
serves to itself the right to give to aliens the
right to vote before they become citizens of the
United- States if only they are white. It can
give the right to vote to a man who but yester-
day landed from the ship which brought him
from a foreign land.if only he be white. But
under its constitution, which we are now asked
to ratify, no colored man, whatsoever ho may
have done, however he may have testified by
his blood his love for the country of his birth,
can ever have the right to vote.
And further, this was done a year ago, and
this State has been from that day to this knock-
ing at the doors of Congress for admission as
one of the States of this Union, and it has
known all along that the only obstacle to its
immediate admission has been the fact that by
its constitution the black man is deprived of
his political nights, and that its people could ia
ten days' time have remove# every obstacle in
the world to its admission as a State.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does the gentleman sup-
pose that that was the reason why President
Johnson did not sign the bill which we passed
last session for the admission of Nebraska?
Mr. DAWES. I do not suppose it was. But
that is the reason the gentleman and myself
have used for not voting for the admission of
new States. Why, sir, eight years ago the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] stood
shoulder to shoulder with me, and in words of
thunder, unequaled by those of anybody else
who participated in the debate 
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman will
^pardon me for interrupting him; but no such
question at all arose on the bill for the admis-
sion of Oregon. The question then under con-
sideration had regard to universal righis; and
I stand to-day where I stood then.
Mr. DAWES. I was going on to say when
the gentleman interrupted me that he then, in
words of thunder, unequaled by those of any-
body else who participated in the debate, op-
posed the admission of Oregon for this, among
other reasons: "that no negro, Chinaman, or
mulatto shall be allowed the-rightof suffrage"
in that State.
Mr. BINGHAM. That was not the point.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, what has hap-
pened since that day? Have the events which
have shaken this nation to its very foundation,
and taught us, amid the throes of our country's
peril, lessons which we perhaps never before
appreciated, given us occasion to falter, t 
manifest less courage? The gentleman from
Ohio and myself resisted at that time the
admission of Oregon. I suppose he did it—
certainly I did it—for that, among other rea-
sons—because its' constitution contained the
provision I have read. We told the House of
Representatives eight years ago, "Send that
constitution back to the people of Oregon and
in one month's time they will conform it to the
requirements of the Constitution of the United
States." And I say now, if we meetthis ques-
tion fairly and fully, this constitution which
the people of Nebraska now present will in
one month's time be conformed to the prin-
ciples of our republican system.
But, sir, there is attached to this bill a section
which, it is supposed, is sufficient to save our
consciences—-not sufficient to save the rights
of the poor black men in Nebraska; for in the
discussion of this question, on this floor and
elsewhere, I have not heard any man express
the opinion that this section has the slightest
force or effect. What does it provide ?
That this act shall take effect with the funda-
mental and perpetual condition that within said
State of Nebraska there shall be no abridgment or
denial of the exercise of the elective franchise, or
any other right, to any person, by reason of race or
oolor.
Now, sir, that provision of course is not a
part of the constitution of the State, for if it
