1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1217
creased in exceptional departments, and else-.
where it should not be permitted to go beyond
its accustomed limits. Large expenditures
mean large taxation, and diminished expendi-
tures me$n diminished taxation.
The-important question in relation to the
rate of the tax on distilled spirits now as here-
tofore presents all of its usual points of embar-
rassment. As an original question, it was my
opinion, in view of the insuperable difficulties
in the way of enforcing the law, that a less rate
than two dollars per gallon was advisable, and
if whisky frauds should continue to be success-
fully perpetrated it is not impossible that a
lower rate may be at some future time accepted;
but now the Committee of Ways anil Means
reached the conclusion to recommend an ad-
herence to the present rate, and have proposed
some very stringent provisions, believed to be
necessary if we expect any considerable reve-
nue, and without which wo may as well retire
vanquished from the attempt to enforce this
part of the internal revenue law. As a bev-
erage it may be estimated that the consumption
of the Uuited States is aboutone and a quarter
to one and a half gallons per capita ; or a total
of about forty-five to fifty million gallons. In
18CU we produced nearly ninety million gallons,
of which it was estimated that seventy-five mil-
lion gallons were consumed as a beverage.
The largo increase of cost has unquestionably
somewhat reduced the amount consumed, and
if it were wholly to extinguish it there would
be few regrets and we might patiently bear the
loss of all revenue from this source ; but in a
community tolerably prosperous an increase
of duty has been found not to diminish eon-
sumption so much as to increase smuggling
and illicit distillation. Father Mathew by lus
temperance labors from 1805 to 18-11 reduced
the consumption of spirits in Ireland nearly
five million gallons, when the duty was only
2s. id. per gallon; but raising the duty in 1800
from even 8s. to 10.?. per gallon did not reduce
the number of gallons charged only about one
million gallons, although the resources of the
Irish population were notoriously of the most
meager sort. In spite of all we can do it would
appear to be mainly a revenue question, and
as such it does not appear to bo advisable to
put down the rate of tax so low as to leave no
temptation to smuggling and illicit manufac-
ture, as the logical result would be to wholly
abandon the tax. We have very boldly at-
tempted to obtain the largest sum of revenue
possible from the distillation of spirits, and
guided by this principle it is but fair to give
the highest rate of duty an ample and effectual
trial, at least, before\reeeding from it. It is
true that the consumer has had to pay almost
the entire amount of the increased cost added
by the tax, but hitherto other pauies than the
Government have collected and pocketed much
the largest share of (he tax. If the Govern-
ment have got $29,000,000 the whisky princes
have got $50,000,000. The struggle now is to
protect honest men, if any can bo found, who
may engage in the business, and to punish with
a pitiless impartiality all of any other sort.
Among other measures it is proposed to
raise the special tax from $100 to $500. While
it is known that many small-sized distilleries
are at work, concealed in garrets, collars, and
remote places, it is alsu known that distilleries
which are duly authorized practice little in-
tegrity beyond paying the special license, buf,<
find an outlet for the largest quantities of the
contraband article. If the number of dis-
tilleries can be diminished we shall undoubt-
edly diminish the sources of fraud, and an in-
crease of the special tax is a step in the right
direction.
We raised last year from distilled spirits
$29,188,578 15. If we had collected on the
full amount consumed it would have been per-
haps $90,000,000 or over.
The tax on sugar made from the sugar-cane
it is proposed to reduce to one uniform rats
of one cent per pound. All other sugars be-
ing exempt, it may, without examination, seem
that this is sectional and unfair, but when we
39th Cong. 2d Skss.—No. 77,
examine into the facts and find that we import
of competing sugars about nine hundred mil-
lion pounds, from which we derive more than
twenty-five million dollars of revenue, and thus
protect Louisiana sugars by a duty of three
and four times the amount of tax, the charge
of sectionalism and injustice at once vanishes.
True, we might do more, but it would be un-
just that Louisiana and Texas should do less.
By the unfaithfulness of Louisiana and other
States we were involved in an expensive war
to put down the rebellion, and now our own
loyal people submit to an uuusual tax of novor
less than three cents per pound on all the sugar
they consume, while the people of Louisiana
and Texas, though subjected to a tax of one
cent per pound on the sugar they produce,
receive as compensation an addition of not less
than three cents to the price of all they sell by
virtue of the facts already recited. The sugar
business of the South is surpassingly profit-
able, and immensely more profitable than it
would have been had we not been compelled
to adopt the high tariff on sugars. The prices
which must prevail will stimulate production
largely. Southern sugar-planters have no cause
of complaint, and could much better afford to
pay the internal tax of one cent than to see
the tariff reduced to one cent per pound.
Nor have we proposed to change the tax on
cotton. This is about the only considerable
tax we collect in the South, and I fear not one
half of this is actually collected. Wo collected
last year from all sources in the ten States
which rebelled $20,599,74!) 05 ; but from New
England, New York, Pennsylvania and New
Jersey, nine States only, we collected $170,-
870,210 2(i, and from nine western States—
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin,
Iowa, Missouri, Minnesota, and Kansas—we
collected $5*1,259,002 89.
But for the great crime of the South no tax
on cotton would have been required, and now
it is very certain that upon what goes abroad
foreigners are paying the lion's share of the
tax, and as much the largest amount of the
remainder is consumed in the loyal States,
ultimately southern planters are very lightly
charged. What, is sold to go abroad is undoubt-
edly enhanced in price by reason of the tax,
but exactly to what extent must at present
remain undetermined. Should the tax ever
bo found oppressive to loyal men it will be
repealed. The cotton mills of the South were
seldom busier or more profitably employed,
and new mills are constantly springing up.
Only last week I saw a notice of twelve mills
in operation in South Carolina. The time
when the South, with the provision in relation
to the drawbacks on manufactured goods in
foiee, will be likely to insist upon the perpetu-
ation of all our laws intact on this subject
may be assumed to bo not more distant than
the time of repeal. Other countries have been
stimulated by extraordinary piices to increase
their production, and with some success, but
not much more than equal to the increase of
the world's consumption, which appears to be
growing with marvelous rapidity. The price
also remains dear.
The disposition to understate the crop of
cotlon is chronic and universal. Last year
the amount in the country was so adroitly con-
cealed that the experts were all deceived, and
so greatly PYeePded expectations that all who
laid in stocks for a rise came to grief. The
Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. McCulloch,
estimated the cotton remaining in the country
and the new crop of 1805 at one million three
hundred thousand bales, but it proved to bo
about twice as much, or two million five hun-
dred thousand bales.' The Liverpool cotton-
brokers estimated the amount which they might
receive from America at but little more than half
of the amount they got. An accurate inventory
even, of the stock on hand in Liverpool is a pur-
suit of knowledge under difficulties. When
the price falls the stock is hidden, and only
comes out when it is safe to uncover the actual
facts. The India crop w^s similarly underesti-
mated, the public being misled, too, by the In-
dian government. The amount already brought
to the sea-board and the amount of the weekly
shipments show that the crop of last year has
yet by no means been brought to market, and
the expectation of two million bales is likely
to be fulfilled. The crop cannot be hidden
forever, although both the planters and specu-
lators conspire to mislead. The price is too
tempting to allow cotton lands to remain idle.
Next year, if the season should not be unpro-
pitious, we ntey anticipate a handsome increase
over the preseut. The crop of the past year,
after paying the three cents per pound tax, will
have been sold for three fourths as much in
gold as that of the largest crop (1859) ever
produced in the United States.
Liverpool is the great cotton market, and
although the stock on hand is larger than for
five years, yet the price is higher now and grow-
ing firmer than it was last May, selling for mid-
dling uplands at about twenty-nine cents per
pound in gold, and tending upward, and it is
selling in New York ut thirty-four cents per
pound, currency.
The promise for cotton from most other
countries for 1807 is not improving. Egypt
and Brazil will not increase their crops, not-
withstanding the temptation of high prices, and
India will, it is estimated, fall short of the crop
of the present year by four hundred thousand
bales. There is no discouragement in the way
of the production of cotton in the United States,
and the tax should no sooner be removed fcom
it than that on petroleum.
'The manufacture of leather is hardly less
extensive than its use. Nayrly every State and
Territory has more or less capital embarked in
its production. The outlay for boots and shoes
in the log-cabin is not infrequently greater than
in the four-story brown-stone mansion. The
harness, trunk, and carriage maker also use it
as a raw material, which if taxed duplicates
their burdens, liefore wo were compelled to
levy internal taxes we had a prosperous and
growing export trade of several millions in boots
and shoes, which, of course, must be nearly or
quite annihilated by the tax on leather, no part
of which could be returned by virtue of a draw-
back ; but with leather free this trade may again
have a better chance of being recovered.
Tinware, hollowware, stone and crockery-
ware, employing large numbers of workmen,
is used by all classes of people for domestic
purposes, and by those in moderate circum-
stances perhaps beyond their fair proportion.
If exempting tin pails and tin pans shall tend
to diminish the cost of good butter who would
bo likely to complain?
Last year we exempted all dry casks and
barrels; but why should not a pork or- beef or
oil or fish barrel be free as well as a flour bar-
rel ? It is proposed to answer this question by
making all the work of the meritorious class
of coopers free.
I have before had occasion to say that a tax
in the nature of an excise tax on manufactures
could have been resorted to only from the im-
perative necessity of at once placing in the
hands of the Government an unusual and large
amount of revenue. This resort has been suc-
cessful. Last year it produced $178,850,601 87.
But the exigency has passed, and measures
designed to be but temporary must be replaced
by others of a more satisfactory character in
the speediest time possible. 1 do not doubt
that we shall at a very early day be able to
relieve iron, cotton, woolen, and all other gen-
eral manufactures from any internal tax. It
is with this prominent idea that the committee
have diligently labored in framing the present
bill. A reduction of expenditures and a more
effectual collection of taxes on the few articles
which the judgment of the world consigns to,
such burdens will hasten the day when tliere
will be full relief to the industry of the coun-
try fro.m ail sueh taxes. Meantime, in addition
to concessions in various other directions, it is
proposed to reduce the tax on woolen manu-
factures from fivg per cent, to two and a half
per cent. Sonic may think that bar-iron should
have beer} liberated instead of woolens, but the
