m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
judgment, a Territory to be admitted as a
State should have a population sufficient at
least for one member of this House. It should
havfe at least fifty thousand, while I do not be-
lieve, from the information we have, that in the
present case there is over forty thousand. I
know of no census which' has been taken by
which any one can speak of the number of her
population with any authority, and before Ne-
braska is admitted there ought to be an authen-
tic census, if for ho other purpose than to see
whether she has a sufficient number to support
a,State government. . A State government is a
Very considerable burden for a small number
Of people in a new country.
Sr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I now yield five or
ten minutes to my colleague,
"fir. SHELLABARGER. Mr, Speaker, I
think the objection which has been urged by
th'ose who oppose the admission of this Terri-
tory upon the ground there will not be secured
to the persons of African descent in that State
when admitted the right to vote is well taken.
In other words, if in the mind.of any member
it be sufficient reason for the rejection of this
application that by her admission under this
act persons of African descent will not in law
be entitled to vote, then I think such member
ought to vote against this bill, because in my
judgment the proviso which has been added
to the bill will not under the law secure the
fend its purport indicates. The reason for that
is, sir, as was remarked by one gentleman, it
does not make this a part of the constitution,
nor is there any method, legal I mean, by
which the Congress on the Government of the
United States can, if Nebraska shall refuse to
conform to the suggestions contained in this
proviso, enforce that proviso.
Now, then, when I have said that it seems
to me, if I am not mistaken, I have suggested
a vital objection, it is no answer to that ob-
jection that we are attempting to legislate in
reference to the control of the right of suffrage
within a State. We will not have controlled
it; that will not be the effect of this proviso.
Now, let me suggest right here that these
objections that have been taken on the ground
that we are attempting to legislate for a State
■upon the matter of suffrage are not well taken,
■because we are now legislating about a Terri-
tory and not a State. Hence it must not be
said that this proviso is, on that account, in
conflict with the second section of the first arti-
cle of the Constitution, to which my colleague
[Mr. Bingham] alluded.
The next suggestion I wish to make is the
one which relates to the most common objec-
tion made to this proviso and to the admission
of this State with this proviso in it. It is that
the proviso itself not being a thing within the
power of Congress to legislate upon so as to
make it a law according to the Constitution is
doing a vain and an absurd thing. That is the
•most grave objection that I have really heard
to this proviso. It is not, however, it seems
to me, a vain thing to do; and the reason that
it is not so is the same that has operated again
and again upon the minds of perhaps one half
of the Congresses that have ever legislated
upon the admission of a State into the Union.
It is not a vain thing, because the moral sanc-
tion and effect of this proviso will have potency
and.force, not in the way of being a law, but by
being vastly persuasive and influential in con-
trolling the action of the Territory that is ad-
mitted to become a State upon the terms con-
tained in the proviso.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask if the moral sanction would not be as
great or as effective by rejecting the application
now aa; it would be by incorporating a null and
void provision?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Ianswer certainly;
and if, as I said a moment ago, I occupied the
.position of my friend from Vermont, that it is
asgood and sufficient reasonto refuse to admit
a State because there are one hundred people
in it that will be temporarily disfranchised,
then I would be compelled to vote with him.
iiutl deem the persuasive effect and force of
this proviso sufficient to secure the universal
enfranchisement that we on this side of the
House desire; and hence I can vote for the
bill, although this section, known as the Ed-
munds amendment, will not become a law by
reason of it being inserted here. Now, the
moral force and persuasiveness of this clause,
as it appears to me in the light of the past as
well as the present, is this: that it becomes a
matter of moral obligation on the part of these
people to conform their legislation to the funda-
mental conditions upon which their members
have taken their seats in this House an_3 their
States have been admitted into the Union.
Let me refer to an example or. two bearing
directly upon this point. I have already stated
that perhaps a majority of the Congresses that
have legislated on this subject have legislated
in exactly the direction that this proviso points.
Take an example that I happen to have before
me, the admission of Missouri into the Union.
In the act of admission of that State on the 2d
of March, 1831, which will be found in the
United Statutes-at-Large,' page 645, you find
this provision, which is identical in the regard
in which I am looking at the matter with the
proviso before the House.
" That the State of Missouri shall bo admitted into
this Union upon the fundamental condition [adopt-
ing the very language of this proviso] that the fourth
clause of the second section of the third article ot h er
constitution shall never be construed to authorize the
passage of any law, and no law shall ever be passed
by the State of Missouri in conformity thereto, by
which any citizen of either the States of the Union
shall be excluded from the enjoyment of any privi-
leges or immunities to which such citizen is entitled
under the Constitution of the United States."
There, then, is a State admitted into the
Union upon the fundamental condition-subse-
quent, if you please, that she shall not there-
after ever pass any law of a given character.
But it is said, what if Missouri should violate
that fundamental condition ; are you going to
turn her out of the Union ? How are you going
to enforce this provision? I answer as I do in
this case, that there is no-way_ of enforcing it
except by the moral forces which belong to the
action I have suggested.
My friend before me suggests what is perti-
nent, that this subject-matter is one coming
within the Federal powers and jurisdiction.
Now, that is no reply to what I am saying,
because I am arguing that there is no way for
Congress to compel conformity to the funda-
mental condition. The conformity would have
to be compelled, not by turning the State out
of the Union, not by turning her members out
of Congress, but by simply appealing to the
courts to know whether the law passed by the
State was or was not constitutional. And, let
me remind gentlemen, that appeal to the courts
would be exactly as effectual without this fun-
damental condition as with it. And hence I
point to the act admitting Missouri as a case
showing, not that the condition becomes the
law, but showing the judgment and sense of
the former Congress in putting sueh terms into
the act for-admission that they might have the
persuasive moral force that belongs to those
acts.
As my colleague [Mr. Bingham] well knows-
for he is very learned in such matters—in the
only act ever passed for the admission of our
own State of Ohio, there was inserted a pro-
vision that for five years after the-State should
be admitted into the Union certain lands
within the limits of the State should not be
taxed. Now, let me ask gentlemen is not that
matter of taxing lands a matter coming within
State and not within Federal jurisdiction ? Is
not that a case of equal force with the one now
before the House?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I will yield to my
colleague [Mr. Shellabarger] more of my
time to allow him to conclude his remarks.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I hope my col-
league [Mr. Ashley] will allow my friend near
him [Mr. BiSGHAM]to say what he now desires
to'say.
Sir. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Very well.
Mr. BINGHAM. In the hurried remarks I
made a short time ago, apprehending that the
discussion would take the direction it has taken,
I called attention to the very cases my col-
league [Mr. Shellabarger] has cited, and I
called the attention of the House to the fact
that in every one of those oases there were
remedies in the courts. And I now assert here
that in regard to the lands of the United States
reserved from taxation in any State organized
and admitted into this Union, there is a remedy
in the courts to enforce that reservation. But
what I assert here in regard to the political
powers of the States is that there is no such
remedy in any of th'e courts. And in the
remarks which I submitted I myself cited the
provision of the Missouri act, and showed that
it was an enforcement of the express text of
the Constitution of the United States, "that
the citizens of each State shall be entitled to
all the privileges and immunities of citizens
in the several States.'' But I deny that it ever
was enacted that the citizens of the United
States are entitled as such to the privilege of
voting in any State. That is the privilege of
the citizens of an organized State, and it is the
privilege of nobody else; a privilege limited
only by the will of the majority.
And now I come back to the point from
whence I started: that this provision added by
the Senate to the bill of last session is perfectly
nugatory, because there is no tribunal on this
earth, save the Congress of the United States,
that can take jurisdiction of any case arising
under it. My colleague [Mr. Shellabarger]
has well said that Congress cannot well expel
the State. And I add that the Thirty-Ninth
Congress cannot by its acts bind the power of
the Fortieth Congress to act; nor can the For-
tieth Congress bind the Forty-First Congress.
Therefore, as I said before, this last section is
void. For that reason, and that reason only,
I will vote for this bill with it in, as I would
without it.
Mr. SHELLABARGER resumed the floor.
Mr. HILL. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Certainly.
Mr. HILL. I desire to ask the gentleman
if in his opinion there is any difference in the
legal effect of the provision under considera-
tion whether it be contained in the bill admit-
ting Nebraska into the Union or contained in
the constitution of the State? In other words,
could not the people of the State of Nebraska,
immediately after its admission into the Union
with a constitution containing this provision,
change their constitution so as to deny the
right intended to be conferred by this pro-
vision ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The question of
the gentleman, from Indiana [Mr. Hill] is a
pretty long one, and I do not know that I can
remember all of it. If I understand his ques-
tion. the first part of it is whether there would
be any difference in the legal effect of having
this conditional provision enacted here by Con-
gress in a law and having it incorporated into
the constitution of the State of Nebraska? I
answer that there would be just this difference:
if it were in the constitution of Nebraska it
would become binding and operative; if it
were in the act of admission it would have
only the moral force I have stated. As to the
last branch of his question, whether the peo-
ple of Nebraska could not in any event change
their constitution if they chose so as to dis-
franchise a portion of the people there, I
answer that they could.
Mr. WILSON of Iowa. Will the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] answer asingle
question ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON of Iowa. The gentleman has
referred to the proviso attached to the act ad-
mitting Missouri. My recollection of that pro-
viso is that it required the State Legislature by
a solemn public act to declare an affirmance
of that condition.
Now, I wish to ask the gentleman from Ohio
a question in connection with the suggestion of
the moral obligation which would rest upon the
