1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
people of Nebraska under this provision. If
we should propose to the people of Nebraska
a condition in the same terms as that submitted
to the people of Missouri, and if the Legislature
of Nebraska should give its consent, thereby
ratifying the condition, would not the moral
obligation resting upon the people of Nebraska
be greater to carry opt in good faith the terms
of that proviso than it would be in the case of
the condition proposed in this bill, to which
their assent is not asked in any manner ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I answer, Mr.
Speaker, thatitis not my recollection that in the
Missouri act to which I have referred there was
any provision for asking the assent of Missouri
to the fundamental condition which I read.
My recollection is exactly to the contrary.
But, however that may be, I can answer the
part of the gentleman's question as to which
would impose the greater moral obligation. I*
think that the course of proceeding stated by
him would impose, if possible, a more distinct
and definite obligation than will be imposed in
tllls c&s6
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Would it add to the
legal effect?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. It would not add
to the ultimate legal effect.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether, in his view, the condition
imposed by Congress in the case of Missouri
was in conflict with any provision of the con-
stitution of Missouri as presented?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. In my opinion it
was. It was supposed to be in conflict with
and would modify one of the provisions of the
constitution of Missouri. The condition im-
posed by Congress was for the purpose of chang-
ing the effect of that clause of the constitution,
or if not to change its effect, to exclude and
prevent a certain construction.
Mr. STEVENS. As I understand, it was a
construction of a part of the constitution of
Missouri.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Still it was a
fundamental condition that certain legislation
should be had.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I resume the floor,
and yield to my friend from Michigan [Mr.
Driggs] one minute.
Mr. DRIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I voted against
the admission of Nebraska when the question
was up before, because her constitution con-
tained the word "white." I find that there is
a great difference of opinion among legal gen-
tlemen as to whether the provision attached to
the present bill will control the action of the
State when admitted. After listening to and
weighing, so far as I am able, the various argu-
ments presented to-day, I have made up my
mind to vote in favor of this bill. Sir, emigra-
tion is flowing t.  that Territory", and in view of
the progress of enlightened sentiment, neither
Nebraska nor any other State can long retain
in her constitution this objectionable provision.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
yield the remainder of my time to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] with
the understanding that he will call the previous
question.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I do not vote
for the admission of Nebraska except for the
reason that I think the condition of the country
justifies if it does not demand its admission
at this time. There are many things in the
condition of the territory and some things in
the constitution presented which I do not like :
but I waive them in consideration of higher
and stronger reasons for her admission. I do
not vote for the admission of Nebraska with the
idea that the exclusion of colored men from the
exercise of unrestricted political power is to be
permanent. On the contrary, I am impressed
with the belief—indeed, it is in my mind a con-
viction—that this disqualification must be speed-
ily removed. I regard this as an inevitable re-
sult. The exclusion is in deference to the tra-
ditions of. the past. It has no foundation in
positive reason or public interest. I'he time
is not distant when all parties will concur in
the perfect enfranchisement of the colored race
in all parts of the country. The situation of
Nebraska, its increasing population, the devel-
opment of its material wealth, the loyal sources
from whence its emigration must come, and
the laudable ambition which prompts its people
to assume the responsibilities and powers of a
State, make it certain to my mind that they
will voluntarily recognize the demands of the
age and secure to all people, without distinc-
tion of race or color, by irrevocable public law, a
complete and perfect enfranchisement. Hence,
though it is an objection, it does not outweigh
the stronger and broader reasons for admission.
- Mr. Speaker, there is more in this bill than
appertains to the admission of Nebraska. It
involves a principle which I concede is novel,
but which is within the power of the General
Government, and the exercise of which will
hereafter be imperatively demanded.
It is mainly to the discussion of that principle
that I propose, for the few minutes I am per-
mitted to occupy the attention of the House, to
direct my remarks.
The admission of a State to the Union, as has
been well said, is one of the highest duties which
can be exercised by Congfess. It is a right
entirely within the discretion of the two Houses
of Congress and the executive department of
the Government; that is to say, within the dis-
cretion of the law-making power of the Govern-
ment. And, sir, we have the power, in the ex-
ercise of that right, to refuse admission or to
impose conditions, or to admit without condi-
tion. And that constitutional right has been
exercised since the foundation of the Govern-
ment.
The State of Vermont was excluded from the
Union of the States for several years, and was
finally admitted on the condition that she should
pay to the State of New York the sum of $40,000;
the historical charts of that period state that
Vermont was admitted upon that condition,
and the facts justify the belief upon which the
people of that State acted, that unless they had
paid this sum to New York upon some disputed
question of boundary, the justice of which Ver-
mont always denied, Vermont would not have
been admitted to the Union at that time; and
some of our people imagine that this payment
was the foundation of the marvelous prosperity
which has since blessed New York. [Great
laughter.]
The most violent contest of our political his-
tory grew out of efforts to deprive States claim-
ing admission of privileges enjoyed by many
of the States of the Union, exactly as we pro-
pose in this case. Missouri was not admitted,
except in company with the State of Maine; and
Maine was denied admission except upon con-
dition that Missouri should become a State.
Congress not only fixed this condition upon Mis-
souri, but imposed other conditions affecting the
rights of future States in nearly half the territory
we then occupied. For more than a quarter of a
century this balance of irreconcilable political
interests was maintained by the rejectiort of all
States, South or North, unless their admission
should be so regulated as to perpetuate the
equilibrium betweenfreedom and slavery, which
had been established. The momentous results
that followed the war with Mexico, the acqui-
sition of the Pacific coast, the discovery of gold
in California, the unprecedented creation of
new Statps, and the prohibition of slavery by
an uncontrollable popular will dissipated the
equilibrium which had been maintained so
long, and led us through the terrible history
which is too familiar to us all, to the question
now before the House, the condition upon
which we are willing to admit Nebraska into
the Union.
These conditions, I will agree with gentle-
men. are expressed in the act of admission; but
they will be as palpable to the students of his-
tory as that expressed so clearly in this bill
if it shall become a law. Hitherto the terms
of admission have been settled before the fact,
and the statutory recognition of the new State
marks only the result often reached through
great tribulation and peril.
Bat a new agi: eufovees the necessity ot new
precedents and principles of action, and the
time has now come when the conditions upoR
which a State shall be admitted to the Uniou,
or restored to political power, must be made in
express terms in the act of admission or res-
toration by the law-making power. And if I
ever spoke a solemn word in my life it is now,
when I say the reorganization of this Govern-
ment can never be safely effected except it be
upon conditions irrevocable by the States which
may be the subjects of its legislation and ex-
pressed in the act of admission or restoration.
Take, for instance, South Carolina. Suppose
she applies for admission to the Union, or res-
toration to political power. She exhibits to •
Congress a constitution that embodies every
principle which may be regarded as necessary
to admission, and she is admitted or restored
by unanimous consent of Congress and rec-
ognized by all the departments of the Gov-
ernment, and the very next day after her ad-
mission she,changes every provision in her
constitution "and makes such a constitution
as would make it impossible for any member
of this House to give his consent t® her admis-
sion; what, then, are we to do? Is the exer-
cise of such power one of the reserved consti-
tutional rights of South Carolina? No, sir: I
think not. We have the right to say to South
Carolina, in my opinion, or to any other rebel
State, that when restored to power she is re-
stored to power upon certain express condi-
tions imposed by Congress or by the law-mak-
ing power, which should be expressed in the
act of restoration and made irrevocable by
that or any other seeking admission or restora-
tion ; and ifshe violates such conditions at any
time we have the power to proceed against her
in such manner as in our judgment the public
safety may demand.
I notice, Mr. Speaker, that gentlemen debat-
ing this question carefully limit their objections
to one consideration, and that is whether a
condition of this character imposes upon the
State an obligation or duty that can be enforced
in a court of law. I will admit if we pass this
bill the condition made fundamental, and 'in
consideration of which many of us vote for
this bill, cannot be enforced in a county court
of the State of Nebraska; but I do not look for
the interpretation of the political rights of the
Government or the administration of public
law to any county or State court, nor even to
the judicial opinions of the Supreme Court.
Why, sir, the very ground taken in this debate
will enable, if it does not justify, the courts in
exercising political power to such an extent
as to deprive the people of this country of the
control of their own Government.' If the peo-
ple have no rights and Cougress has no power
except such as may be recognized and con-
firmed by courts of law, then we give to courts
of law the political, and administrative powers
that belong exclusively to the people of this
country, which are indispensable to the safety
of their Government, of which they alone are
judges, and which the courts of law ought to
enforce and not to overthrow.
There are two powers necessary to the effi-
cient and wise administration of the Govern-
i ment: first, the power vested in courts, which
operates between man and man, to which we.
all bow when restricted to its legitimate sphere;
and second, the administration of political
power, which the courts of the United States
cannot and ought not to control, and that power
is vested in the representatives of the people
in the administrative rather than in the judicial
departments of the Government, and can be
applied whenever it is necessary to their safety
in the admission of new States or the restora-
tion of insurgent States to the Union. What
is necessary to their safety it is the right of the
people to determine. They cannot be held to
the admission or recognition of States apou
such conditions as will lead to the destroction
of the Union, and this gives them the right to
determine what is necessary to their safety.
It is the mission of courts to administer the
i1 laws and not to organize or control govern-
. menu; that belongs to the people.
