466
101. OMaBESSIQKAL* ^Ldll
January 15,
Let me turn for a moment to the principal
question presented in this bill. . I need not re-
state in exact terms the condition it- imposes,
but upon Nebraska gentlemen know what it is.
They say this condition is invalid; that it is of
no effect. I concede that it,-is not in the form
of law, such as might be administered in the
courts of Nebraska. , It-is not,presented in the
form of statutes which are submitted to the inter-
pretation of lawyers and the decision of judges.
But then- it.is not amotig the subjects submit-
ted to this judicial arbitration. It is a clear
statement of the conditions upon which Ne-
braska may become a State of the Union. It
• «hcsra';what Congress deems, necessary' to a
republican form and to the safety of the Gov-
ernment.
Similar stipulations have beenimposed, either
in precedent, action, or in express terms, in the
admission of 'other States. Nebraska is not
compelled to enter the Union- upon such terms;
but if she accepts admission when so tendered
she will be held to an observance of the act by
which she is admitted. The act'of admission
is not by any means the finality to the power
of the Government in this or in similar eases.
If this bill be passed with this fundamental
provision, and she does not conform to that
condition, she can never be regarded as act-
ing in good faith toward the Government and
-people of the United States. .What they would
or should do I cannot say. It may be that
no extraordinary measures would be taken in
this case. The laws of Congress have some-
times been disregarded by States ; but if any
Congress hereafter should deem this observ-
ance of this condition essential to the public
safety, and the State even after admission,
should continue in violation of its provisions,
or enact laws in direct conflict with the con-
dition, Congress would have a right to declare
such action a violation of solemn duty and an
act of bad faith to the Government and people
of the United States, and to take such meas-
ures to enforce its rights as the people might
deem necessary to their safety. The rights of
the Government in such case would be the
same as if the State had acccpted the condition
previous to admission. She could not claim
the rights of a State and disregard the solemn
.stipulation of the act by which she became a
State.
Let me take the case of an insurgent State.
Suppose we had admitted Tennessee upon con-
dition, expressed in the act of restoration, that
she should maintain for a limited period her
laws which excluded the enemies of the United
States from political power, and that after res-
toration upon this condition she should rein-
state in power implacable public enemies,
would not the Government have the right not
only to declare that she had acted in violation
of the law, but to reject her Representatives
and Senators, and if need be send the Army
of the United States thereto enforce the rights
of the Government? Sir, if Congress repre-
sents the political and administrative power
of the Government, and admits a State upon
a condition indispensible to its safety, and that
State accepts its privileges knowing the con-
dition upon which they rest, and subsequently
organizes a government in opposition to it,
the Government has an indisputable right to
resume the power which it conferred ; with-
out this the Government cannot maintain its
authority or its existence.
Mr. STEVENS. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question. If in'the act admitting
her you do not make it a condition, can you
ever make it afterward ?
Mr. BANKS. It makes no difference what-
ever ; if we impose the condition of admission
of which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
speaks, and admit her upon that condition,
whether or not the State accepts it before ad-
mission. she assumes her position of one of
the States of the Union with.a knowledge of
the terms upon which it is granted, and is as
much bound by them as if she! had accepted
ihem before the admission. No explanation
of that condition will strengthen the rights of
the-Government under the act of admission.
Wc admit her upon a condition which we have
a right to impose, which the interest of this
country demands, and which the people will
sustain, and if she violates it .s.be must suffer
the consequences in precisely the same man-
ner as if she had violated an accepted condi-
tion. I thank God that this great question in
which the future peace of the country is in-
volved arises, not in regard to an insurgent
State, but a Territory that is loyal, people that
are patriotic, aijd a State, if it becomes one,
which will fulfill all its duties. But if here-
after .this question shall arise in regard to the
restoration and readmission of the insurgent
States, and they shall be able to affirm that
the Government has no right to impose condi-
tions, or imposing conditions it has no power
to enforce them, from the moment that doc-
trine is accepted the Government of the Union
is at an end. It is in the hands of its enemies
and will be destroyed.
Mr. STEVENS. One single word. Does
the gentleman make no distinction between
free Territories and conquered Territories?
Mr. BANKS- I make a distinction, a wide
distinction ; but so far as this principle is con-
cerned the 'supremacy of the Government of
the United States is one and the same in the
loyal and disloyal Territories.
[Here.the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. As the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Ashley] has required me to do so, I
call the previous question. I do it not upon
my own, but upon his motion.
On seconding the previous question, there
were—ayes 65, noes 02.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Mr. Ashi/ky, of Ohio, and Mr. Gloss-
bbenner.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 68, noes 67.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. ALLISON. I demand the yeas and
nays on ordering the main question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask unanimous
consent that the bill be printed.
No objection was made.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to; and
thereupon (at four o'clock and thirty-five
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
Tbo following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Adin Nordyke,
A. Wolcott, W. II. II. Rader, and 23others, ettizens of
Princeton, Indiana, praying that there may be no
curtailment or reduction of the n ation al currency, &c.
By Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio: The petition of John
Riley, of Toledo, Ohio, praying that the Secretary of
the Treasury be authorized and directed to issue
American register or enrollment.
Also, the petition of Dennison Steele, of Toledo,
Ohio, and Greorge Berriman, of Erie, Pennsylvania,
asking that the Secretary of the Treasury be author-
ized and directed to issue American register or
enrollment.
By Mr. BUCICLAND: The petition of George \Y.
"Wenger, and 87 others, citizens of Springfield. Clark
county, Ohio, against the curtailment of the national
currency, and against compelling national banks to
redeem their circulation in New York.
By Mr. DENISON: The claim of Hon. John Reich-
ard, for money unlawfully collected by the internal
revenue collector of the twelfth district, Pennsyl-
vania.
By Mr. ELIOT : The petition of Sewcll II. Fesscn-
den, and others, of Massachusetts, praying that coal
may be admitted free of duty. _
Also, the petition of Nathaniel Cobb, of Kingston,
Massachusetts, and 500 others, praying for an amend-
ment of the Constitution securing to all citizens in
States and Territories equality before the law.
By Mr. FARQUHAR : The petition of T. J. Tay-
lor,!. G. Kennedy, and others, of Aurora, Indiana,
against farther curtailment of the national currcncy
or contraction of the present volume of currency, as
injurious to the banking, manufacturing, and mer-
chantile interests of the country: also against com-
pelling national banks to redeem their notes in the
city of New York, or prohibiting them from paying
or receiving interest on bank balances.
By Mr. HOLMES: The petition of Gr. B. Mowry
and others, citizens of West Eaton, New York,
against any curtailment of the national currency,
and against the enactment of any law compelling
national banks to redeom in New York.
By Mr. MORRILL: The petition of Ebenezer
White, Jacob Young, .Samuet Aaron Bcede,
Robert Sargent, Samuel jMcMaster, Pcrlcy Powell,
and John Gr. Clogston, soldiers of the war of 1812, of
Strafford, Yermont, praying Congress to grant them
a-pension, and setting forth their reasons therefor.
^tlso the petition of C. L. Barber, and 61 others,
citizens of Castleton, Vermont, praying .for passage
of tariff bill as it passed the House of Representa-
tives at the last session.
Also the petition of Samuel Ross, and 70 others,
citizens of Castleton, Vermont, praying for passage
of tariff bill the same as passed the House of Repre-
sentatives at the last session of Congress.
By Mr. MOOR EIEAD: Tho petition of james Wha-
ley, Alexander McClean. and Charles Williams, sol-
diers of the war of 1812, praying for the passage of a
law allowing thom pensions from the date of their
discharge.
By Mr. MORRIS: The petitition of R. M. Morris,
Esq., and many others, of Springwater, Livingston
county, N ew York, approving of tho tariff bill agreed
upon by the joint committee of wool-growers and
manufacturers, and which passed the House of Rep-
resentatives at its iast-session, and asking the imme-
diate passage of the same into a law.
, Also, a like petition, signed by J. C. Shelton, Esq.,
and many others, of West Bloomfield, Ontario county.
New York.
Also, a like- petition, signed by G. Arnold, Esq., and
various others, of Conesus, Livingston county, New
York.
Also, a like petition, by D. C. Snyder, and numer-
ous others of Springwater, Livingston county, New
York.
Also, a like petition, signed by the supervisors of
the county of Yates, in the Stato of New York.
Also, a like petition, by P. P. Shelton, Esq., and
many others, of New Bloomfield, Ontario county.
New York.
By-Mr. NIBLACK: The petition of Hon. J. L. Al-
corn, of Mississippi, praying that cortain moneys
arising from tax on cotton may be set apart for re-
pairing levees on the Mississippi river.
By Mr. PAINE: A memorial of the Governor,
Lieutenant G.overnor, justices of the supremo court,
State officers, and 100 citizens of Wisconsin, praying
for the enactment of a pension law for the benefit of
the soldiers of the war of 1812.
By Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky: The petition of
Henry II. Hunter, of Knox county. Kentucky, for a
pension in consequence of an injury received in tho
military service of the United States.
By Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania: The petition
of Charles Valence, for the payment of his pension
from the date of his discharge.
By Mr. SCHENCK: Suhdry petitions of officers of
tho United States Army, praying for the restoration
of fifty cents as tho commutation price of the ration.
By Mr. WAKD, of New York: The petition of 70
citizens of Alleghany and Cattaraugus counties, in the
State of New York, in favor of a constitutional amend-
ment giving equal and civil political rights to all men.
Also, a petition of numerous citizens of Addison,
New York, in favor of compelling all national banks
to redeem their circulation in New York city, andfor
other purposes.
notice of a bill.
The following notice for leave to introduce a bill
was given under tho rule:
By Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania: A bill for
tile relief of Charles Valence.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 15, 1867.
Prayer by Right Rev. Thomas St. Clark,
D. D., Bishop of Rhode Tsland.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can only
be dispensed with by the unanimous consent
of the Senate. Is there any objection to the
motion?
Mr. SUMNER. I think we had better not
dispense with the reading of the Journal at
this period of the session. The Journal should
be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is very long to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the reading of the Journal will be
proceeded with. *
The Secretary resumed the reading of the
Journal, but, before concluding, was inter-
rupted by
Mr. CONNESS. I move to dispense with
the further reading of the Journal.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is sug-
gested that the further reading of the Jourcal
be 4ispensed with. It can only be done by
the unanimous consent of the Senate. No
objection being made, the further reading is
dispensed with.
credentials.
The PRESIDENT jpro tempore laid before
the Senate a communicatien from the Governor
