1867.
THE COWEESSJOJMi GLOBE
of South Carolina, inclosing tbe credentials of
Hon. James B. Campbell, chosen by the Legis-
lature of that State as a Senator for the term
commencing March 4,1867; which were ordered
to lie upon the table.,
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has received and been requested to present to
the Senate the petition of the Norwich and
Worcester Railroad Company, through their
president, respectfully asking Congress to
reduce the impost duty on iron rails used for
railroads to one half of a cent per pound in
gold; ,on steel rails for railroads to one cent per
pound'in gold; on iron tires and axles to one
half of a cent per pound in gold; on steel tires
and axles to one cent per pound in gold; and
on all frogs, crossings, and plates made of steel,
and used exclusively for railroads, to one cent
per pound in gold. As the committee having
charge of this subject have reported a bill, this
petition, if there be no objection, will be
received and laid upon the table.
Mr. LANE presented a memorial"of Demp-
sey Reece, praying to be relieved from any
further performance of his contract to carry the
mail on route No. 12068, between Newcastle
and Mechanicsburg, in Indiana; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. WILLEY. I offer the memorial of cer-
tain citizens of West Virginia, asking Congress
to propose for ratification to the several States
an amendment to the Constitution substan;
tially to the effect that no inequality among
citizens on account of birth, race, color, pre-
vious inequality, or previous non-residence
beyond the preceding year, shall be made or
recognized by the la\^ of the United States ;
also to remove, by immediate legislation, any
such inequality from the District of Columbia,
the Territories, and the ten unrestored States,
and to take all necessary measures for peace,
order, justice, and the security of life, liberty,
and property in the same. I ask its reference
to the joint Committee on Reconstruction.
It was so referred.
Mr. WILLEY. I also offer the memorial
of certain citizens of West Virginia, praying
Congress to refrain from the passage of any
act authorizing the curtailment of the national
currency, or having in view the return within
a limited time to specie payments; and also
praying Congress to refrain from the enact-
ment of any law compelling the national banks
to redeem their notes in New York, or prohib-
iting national banks from paying and receiv-
ing interest on bank balances. I ask that this
memorial be referred to the Committee on
Finance.
It was so referred.
Mr. BUCKALEW presented two petitions
of journeymen cigar-makers and manufac-
turers of cigars of the second and fourth con-
gressional districts of Pennsylvania, praying for
a specific tax of five dollars per thousand on
domestic cigars, and that the present tariff on
imported cigars may remain unchanged, and
that Congress will alter the present system of
stamping by selling the stamps to the manu-
facturers at five dollars per thousand, and
increase the penalty for violating the internal
revenue laws; which were 'ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
the artists of Boston, in which they ask for
the imposition of a specific duty on imported
oil paintings of $100 each, with an addition of
ten per cent, on the excess of value above
$1,000 each. They say that this will increase
Ihc revenue of the Government and afford a
leeded protection to native art. In present-
nig this petition I deem it my duty to say that
while I sympathize with its object I doubt se-
riously whether the petitioners do not ask for
too large a specific duty on foreign pictures. I
ask its reference to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it had better
lie laid upon the table. All matters of that
sort relating to the tariff should now be laid
on the table, because the committee have re-
ported on the subject.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I agree to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The peti-
tion will be laid upon the table if there be no
objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present the petition
of colored citizens of Norfolk, Virginia, ia
which they set forth their grievances at length
and very precisely indeed. They say that the
civil rights bill is not enforced, and that they
have not the protection which it promised; that
the juries are all filled by rebels and against
them ; that they are shut out from the schools
for which they are obliged to pay taxes; that
they cannot purchase land for the land owners
will not sell them; and that they are even shut
out from the grave-yards which formerly were
open to them. They ask for suffrage,-thinking
that if that were granted, they would in some
measure be able to apply aremedy themselves.
I ask the reference of this petition to the joint
Committee on Reconstruction.
It was so referred,
Mr. KIRKW OOD presented a memorial of
the State Historical Society of Iowa, praying
for a modification of the postal laws eo as to
permit postage on pamphlets, papers, docu-
ments, and books forwarded to historical so-
cieties and public libraries to be paid on
delivery, and that the postage on such papers,
documents, &c., be reduced fifty per cent, be-
low the present charges to such societies and
libraries ; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. MORRILL presented a memorial of tho
mayor and recorder of Georgetown, District
of Columbia, praying for the passage of Senate
bill No. 395, relating to the aqueduct bridge of
the Alexandria Canal Company over the Poto-
mac river at Georgetown, in the District of
Columbia ; which was ordered to lie upon the
tabic.
Mr. HARRIS presented eight petitions of
citizens of New York, praying for the passage
of House bill No. 718, to provide increased
revenue from imports, and for other purposes;
which were ordered to lie upon the table.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of Michael
Mangan, late a private in the sisfth Wisconsin
infantry, praying that he may beplaced on the
same footing as private soldiers in regard to
bounty or that he may be allowed an increase
of pension ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Wisconsin and Michigan, praying for such an
amendmept to the Constitution of the United
States as will prohibit any inequality among
its citizens on account of birth, race, or color ;
which was referred to the joint Committee on
Reconstruction.
He also presented two petitions of citizens
of Wisconsin, praying the passage of House
bill No. 718, to provide increased revenue from
imports, and for other purposes; which were
ordered to lie upon the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am requested to present j
the memorial and resolutions adopted at a large
meeting of citizens of Bellefontaine, Ohio, pray-
ing that Congress may, by suitable legislation,
exclude from holding office any person who is
in the habit of drinking spirits to excess, and
may make, as a cause of removal from office,
the exhibition of auy person in astate of intox-
ication while holding an office under the Con-
stitution. I have no doubt that the principle
of this memorial if adopted would save a great
deal in the administration of the Government,
and it ought, in my judgment, to be applied to
every officer of the Government; but as it is a
constitutional question, I suppose it is beyond
our reach except by an amendment to the Con-
stitution. I move that the memorial be referred
to the joint select Committee on Retrenchment,
which I believe has the subject of removals from
office under consideration.
It was so referred.
Mr. PATTERSON presented a petition of
citizens of the United States, remonstrating
against the passage of any act authorizing the
eartailment of the national currency or the
return within a limited time to specie payments,
and against any law compelling national banks
to redeem their notes in New York, or prohib-
iting national banks from paying or receiving -
interest on bank balances, and also suggesting
a redaction of the liquor tax; which was re«
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have a communication
in the nature of a petition from the employes
of the Washington arsenal, in which they says
"The undersigned, in behalf of the civil employes
at WashingtQn arsenal, beg leave resjH'.cvfuiiy to
call your attention to what they believe to he an
accidental omission in toe joint resolution giving
additional compensation to certain eowloygg in tile,
civil service of tho Government.
"The word 'arsenal' has been omitted while pro-
vision hag been made for the Government employes
at the ' navy-yard,' and in all other branches of the
civil service in Washington.
"We believe that it is manifestly an unintentional
omission, as we think the House of Representatives
could not have intended to exclude ,ns from tike
benefits conferred upon other civil employes.
"There are now employed at the arsenal abont
one hundred and thirty men, including clerks, njaster
workmen, mechanics, and laborers. The highest
per diem received by any of them is $458) and the
greatest amount paid to any of them for civil service
either as salary or perdiem during the past year was
less than $1,100."
I ask that this paper may be referred to the
Committee on Finance, who have the joint
resolution to which it refers in their charge.
It was so referred.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of the
journeymen cigar-makers and manufacturers
of cigars of the third congressional district of
Pennsylvania, praying for a specific tax of five
dollars per thousand on domestic cigars, and
that the present tariff on imported cigars may
remain unchanged, and that Congress will alter
the present system of stamping by selling the
stampsto the manufacturers at five dollars per
thousand, and increase the penalty for violating
the internal revenue laws ; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HENDERSON presented a petition of
Isaac H. Sturgeon, praying for the passage of
an act to authorize the North Missouri Railroad
Company to import certain railroad iron free
of duty ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. WILLEY presented a memorial of the
trustees of the Foundry Methodist Episcopal
church of Washington city, praying for author-
ity to sell certain lands in the limits of the city;
which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
493) supplemental to an act to establish the
Treasury Department, approved the 2d of Sep-
tember, 178'J, reported it without amendment.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 457) to provide for the defense of the
northeastern frontier, reported in favor of print-
ing the bill, and that it be recommitted to the
Committee on Foreign Relations : which was
agreed to.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 506) to authorize the trustees of the Founr
dry Methodist Episcopal church to sell and
convey square No. 235 in the city of Washing-
ton ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
DEBTORS IS THE DISTRICT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendments of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S, No. 218) exempt-
ing the property of debtors in the District of
Columbia from levy, attachment, or sale on
execution; which were as follows:
In lino twenty-four, after the word "library," in-
sert the words " not exceeding in value $4.00."
Add to th e bill th e following proviso:
Provided, however, That this act shall not in any
manner interfere in the collection of debt or in the
enforcement of any contract made prior to the pas-
