1221
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February IB,
debate, as questions of this importance gen-
erally have been here, we shall not be able to
act upon it this session, and I cannot under-
stand why Senators should persist upon'pro-
ceeding with the morning business, which
certaiuly can be postponed with less detriment
to the public than this bill. 1 I hope there will
be no opposition to it, that we shall take it up
and pass upon.it. "It is under the control of
the Senate, I suppose.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will suggest—
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
and seconded that the Senate postpone the
present and all .prior orders of business and
proceed to the consideration of the bill named
by the Senator from Ohio, just received from
the House of Representatives.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will suggest to the
Senator that ve y likely all petitions and reports
would have been presented and made by this
time if he had allowed us to go on. They will
take but a short time".
Mr. LANE. I shall oppose this motion at
present, and I am as anxious to take this bill
up as anybody else. I have four or five pen-
sion bills here to report and some reports to
submit which I wish to have printed by to-mor-
row, as to-morrow evening is set apart for the
consideration of bills of that character, and it
will not take one minute to introduce the whole
of them, and thus get rid of the morning
business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio
is not more anxious than I am to proceed to
the consideration of the bill that he has men-
tioned ; but in the morning hour, when our
tobies are crowdod, and wo have all brought in
our petitions and reports that will take but
little time to got rid of, I do think we shall
gain time by allowing us to clear our tables. I
hope the Senator will allow us to do thaf and
then we shall take up the bill referred to. It
will take but a few minutes to do as I have
suggested, and probably we should have got
through with the morning business before now.
Just allow us to dispose of the business upon
our tables, and then wo can take up the bill.
I hope the Senator will not persist in his mo-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I wish
to inquire whether under the rules a House bill
cau be considered, if there be any objection,
on the day that it is received in the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can bo
read once j that is all, if objection be made.
Mi-. HENDRICKS. Then I object to any
further consideration of that bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
is not yet before the Senate; it is not yet sub-
ject to objection. The motion is to proceed
to the consideration of the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When the objection is
available I shall put it in.
The PRESIDENT j.
pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
which is that the Senate postpone the present
and all prior orders and proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill named by the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. WADE called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire simply to say that
everybody knows that I feel a deep interest in
the bill that comes up at one o'clock; it is the
regu lar order, and under ordinary circumstances
I should vote against this motion in order to
go on with the consideration of that bill; but
I regard the bill now attempted to be taken up
by the Senator from Ohio as of such moment-
ous importance, such national consequence,
that although I am aware that it will displace
that bill I shall be compelled to vote for the
Senator's motion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 19 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Oonness, Cfagin,
Croswel], Bowler, Frelinghnysen, Grimes, Harris,
Henderson, Howard, Howe, ICirkwood, Morgan,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Wade,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—23. .
If AYS—Messrs. BucUalew, Cattell, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle. Fogg, Foster. l-Iendrieks, Johnson, Lane,
Morrill: Nesmith. Korton.Patterson.Poland.bprague,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Willey—19.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Cowan. Edmunds,
Fessenden, Guthrie, McDougall, Nye, Riddle, Ross,
and Saulsbury—10.
So the motion was agreed.to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1162) for the reestablishment of civil
government in the State of Louisiana was read
the first time by its title.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to the further
consideration of the bill to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill lies over.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affaim and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 1134) declaring and
fixing the rights of volunteers as a part of the
Army, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1149) to amend
an act entitled1 'An act making appropriation s,''
&c., approved July 28, 1866, giving additional
bounties to discharged soldiers in certain cases,
reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills and joint
resolutions, reported them severally without
amendment:
A bill (S. No. 595) to regulate the disposi-
tion of an irregular fund in the custody of the
Freedmen's Bureau;
A bill (H. R. No. 1128) to authorize the
payment of prize money to certain officers
and enlisted men of the signal corps of the
Army;
A bill (II. R. No. 1135) to extend to general
officers and officers on the retired list the ben-
efits ofthe additional ration for every five years'
service;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 2G1) for the
relief of Stephen E. Jones; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 273) for the
relief of Walter C. Whitaker.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills and joint res-
olutions, reported adversely thereon, and
moved their indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to, namely:
A bill (S. No. 683) to restore the jurisdiction
of Indian affairs to the Department of War;
A joint resolution (IT. II. No. 259) of thanks
of Congress to Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary
of War; Major General M. C. Meigs, Quarter-
master General; and Brevet Lieutenant Col-
onel James M. Moore, Assistant Quartermas-
ter;
A bill (H. R. No. 1140) to repeal the twelfth
section of an act approved July 17, 1862, enti-
tled ' 'An act to define the pay and emoluments
of certain officers of the Army, §nd for other
purposes;"
A b-'ll (II. R. No. 879) relating to brevets in
the Army of the United States;
A bill (IT. R. No. 1129) providing for the
issue of certificates of service to officers and
soldiers of volunteers;
A bill (II. R. No. 1138) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide for the payment
of horses and other property in the military
service of the United States," approved March
3, 1849;
A joiiit resolution (H. R. No. 202) in rela-
tion to brevet appointments and commissions
in the United States Army; and
A joint resolution (IT. R. No. 276) directing
the Secretary of War to furnish certain muster-
rolls to the different States.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the bill (H. R. No. 1139) for
the relief of Captain David Beaty's company
of independent scouts,-the joint resolution (S.
R. No. ICS) providing for the payment of the
Tennessee home guards, organized under the
authority of Major General Burnside, and the
joint resolution (II. R. No. 202) for the pay-
ment of Captain James Kelley, sixteenth Uni-
ted States infantry, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the following bill and joint resolution,
reported them severally without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 495) authorizing the payment
of the rewards offered by the President of the
United States and the officers of the War
Department in April and May, 1865, for the
capture of Jefferson Davis.
A joint resolution (II. R. No; 271) author-
izing the Secretary of War to adjust and settle
the claim of D. Randolph Martin, assignee of
the Washington, Alexandria, and Georgetown
Railroad Company.
Mr. POLAND, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 563) supplementary to the several acts of
Congress abolishing imprisonment for debt,
reported it with an amendment.^
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 561) to provide
for the appointment of a marshal for the Dis-
trict of Columbia and to change the mode of
appointing that officer, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on the District ot
Columbia.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope that bill will not
be referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia. The United States marshal here
is not an officer of the District; he is an officer
of the United States. The subject-matter of
the bill I think properly belongs to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POLAND. We understood that there
was a bill before the District Committee in-
volving'the same subject. This bill proposes
to change the mode of appointment of the mar-
shal and give it to the court of thi3 District.
The Committee on the Judiciary thought it
more appropriate that such a "matter should be
considered by the District Committee.
. The report was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred a bill (S. No.
559) in relation to guardians of minors in the
District of Columbia, their appointment, pow-
ers, and duties, and a bill (S. No. 560) to cre-
ate the office of surrogate of the District of
Columbia, provide for the appointment of a
surrogate, and define his powers and duties,
asked to be discharged from their further con-
sideration, and that they be referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia; which
was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 603) to protect the rights of action of
loyal citizens, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. LANE, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred the following
bills and joint resolution, reported them sev-
erally without amendment. .
A bill (H. It. No. 1125) granting an addi-
tional pension to Samuel Downing, one of the
last surviving soldiers of the revolutionary war.
A bill (H. R. No. 1146) for the relief of Mrs.
Elizabeth Fletcher; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 171) for the relief
of Martha McCook.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following petitions, submitted
adverse reports, which were ordered to be
printed: the petition of Elizabeth J. Manning,
widow of Captain Henry W. Manning, late of
the sixty-first regiment Illinois volunteers; the
petition of Levi C. Masson; the petition of
Mary G. Harris,, widow of the late Colonel John
Harris, of the Marine corps; and the petition
of Mary Loup, widow of Constance Loup.
• Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 598) for the relief of
Elias Beale, late captain of company H, eighth
regi m entTennessee volunteer i nfantry, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred a petition
of jurors serving in the United States courts
