460
THE CMDMGEESSIOJCAL GLOBE.
January 15,
the usage of < the' ^Seriate. Without that it
#Ould'c6rtainly'not be in such harmony. If
the discussion be renewed I shall-have some-
thing to say upon it, though I should, have no
objection to the resolution' with the amend-
ment I proposed going-to* the icwranittee.
' Mr. MciX) IT GALL. I propose to offer a
substitute for both the-resolution and .amend-
ment ; and as the subject may come up foT dis-
cussion hereafterji-I.desire to present it now,
and for this reason: it was my good fortune
some yearssince to be upon the Committee on
ForeigtoiRelatiotis, and I introduced resolutions
of inquiry-before that committee on the subject
of French intervention in Mexico. The chair-
man of that committee did not think it prudent
to have the subject considered, and claiming
the right to direct the order of business never
allowed it to be considered as long as I was on
the committee; and so long as it is sent to that
committee subject to their discretion it will
never be considered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business of yesterday is Senate bill No.
453.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message -from the House of -Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPsbrsok, its Clerk, announced
■that the House had passed the bill (S. No.
'456)for the admission of the'State of Nebraska
into the Union, with an amendment, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the enrolled bill (H. R. No. 715) set-
ting aside certain proceed^ from internal reve-
nue for the erection of penitentiaries in the
Territories of Nebraska, Washington, Colo-
rado, Idaho, Montana, Arizona, and Dakota;
and it was thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore of the Senate.
TJSNURB OF OFFICE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 453) to regulate the tenure of offices,
the pending question being on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Howe to the third section of
the amendment agreed to as in Committee of
the Whole as a substitute for the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, before the
question is taken I propose to submit to the
Senate some remarks in answer to what was
stated yesterday by the Senator from New
Jersey, [Mr. Fremxohtjysen] and the Senator
from Oregon, [Mr. Williams.] The Senator
from New Jersey, if I understood him aright,
referred to a passage from Story's Commenta-
ries, which he considered as showing that the
power vested in the Executive of appointing
to and removing from office was a very dan-
gerous one in a Government like ours, and he
thought that it was proper to call the attention
of the Senate and the public to the opinion of
Mr. Justice Story, because the President of the
United States had deemed it proper to cite
from'the same commentator upon the Consti-
"tntion several paragraphs, and also from a
number of the federalist, written by Mr. Mad-
ison, and from Ke'nt's Commentaries, for the
purpose of showing that in a Government like
ours the tendency to the usurpation of power
was more strongly exhibited in the legislative
department than in either of the other depart-
ments into which it is divided.
Whether the President was right or was not
-right in referring to these passages upon the
occasion of his veto of the District suffrage bill
is a matter about which there may well be dif-
ferences of opinion. My own impression, as I
stated a few days since, was that it would have
been better in a message relating to that par-
ticular bill to omit any discussion of the ques-
tion whether the abuse or usurpation of power
was more to be apprehended from the legis-
lative than from the executi-ve department of
the Government. I did' not, however, under-
stand my friend from New Jersey as meaning
in-the reference which-he made to other pas-
sages in Story t,o deny that there dociS- exist a
- greater-tendency to abuse or usurpation in the
legislative department than in the executive
or judicial j and still less did I understand
him as referring to the passages which he read
to tbs Senate for the purpose of showing that
there was any inconsistency between the doc-
trine of the- commentator referred to by the
President and that to which he called the
attention of the Senate; and there is none.
Mr. Justice Story, as well as -the author of
the -nnmber of the Federalist referred to, was
considering-the theory of such a popular Gov-
ernment as we "have, divided into the three
branches whichrair tbe'writers upon political
law tell us it should be divided into in order to
secure-freedom—the theory as to -the tendency
af. each of those branches respectively to usurp
power; and they all of them came to the
conclusion—Mr. Justice Story and Chancellor
Kent, as well as Mr. Madison, in the Federal-
ist—that the danger of abuse or of usurpation
of power was more to be apprehended from the
legislative department than from the executive.
I could-add nothing to the reasoning of the
men to whom I have referred to make good
that opinion. I 'think their reasoning is con-
trolling, and I do not understand that my friend
from New Jersey disputes it; but he says, and
says properly, as -everybody who has written
on the Constitution has -said from the begin-
ning of the Government, and as was said
while the Constitution was under considera-
tion in the Convention, that the President may
abuse some of the powers with which he is
clothed. There can be no doubt $bout that;
and the particular power which it is imagined
he may abuse and may have a disposition to
abuse is the power to appoint officers, and the
power which has been heretofore recognized to
remove, without the consent of the Senate,
officers who have been appointed by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate.
As far as relates to the power of appoint-
ment, my friend from New Jersey has not
failed to consider that that may be abused by
the Senate as well as by the President. The
power of appointment of all constitutional
officers, that is, those whose appointments are
specially provided for by 'the Constitution, is
not in the President alone. He can only exer-
cise it (except in the case of a vacancy during
the recess) with the approval of the Senate.
The Senate, therefore, are just as much the
appointing power as is the President in rela-
tion to all such officers. If, then, the posses-
sion of such a power carries with it a tendency
to abuse in its exercise, that tendency is just as
great in the Senate as in the Executive.
The reasoning in support of the proposition
that there is danger in clothing the President
with the power of appdintment is that he may
use it for the purpose of rewarding favorites
and continuing party ascendency to accomplish
his reelection. That is all true ; but it requires
no particular foresight to see that each one of
those motives may operate upon the Senate, if
not collectively, individually.
In a Government like ours parties must exist;
the Senate therefore must necessarily be divided
into parties, formed because of the adoption of
different political principles either in relation
to the construction of the Constitution or in
relation to matters of mere expediency. How
the Constitution is to be construed as regards
the powers which it may be supposed to con-
tain, and how the powers which may be granted
with the assent of all are to be exercised, are
matters ab«ut which there will be differences
of opinion. And that the fact is so is illustrated
by the position of the Senate now, and has been
from the commencement of the Government to
the present time. There are now in the Sen-
ate but very few who concur in what has been
called "the policy" of the President, which
was neither more nor less than the policy of
his immediate predecessor, in the steps which
have been taken to restore into the Union for
all purposes the States which attempted to
escape from it. A large majority of the Senate
are of a different opinion, and they think that
that'is a subject vital to the interests and to the
-safety of the United States.
Now, what is the purpose of this bill ? The -
President, it is said, has removed officers
and appointed others in their steftd because
the first were adverse to his policy and the last
are not; and it is said that he has been gov-
erned by the same motives' in appointing to
offices which have become vacant without the
exercise by him of his power of removal.
Their names are sent here, and what says this
bill? The Senate, supposing that under the
administration of his immediate predecessor
nearly all the offices of the Government were
held by men who favor what is termed the con-
gressional as distinguished from executive
-policy, if the President removes men of that
description we will not only not confirm those
whom he appoints to take their places, but if
he removes and appoints as successors those
who have been nominated and rejected by the
Senate they shall not receive any salary, and
every officer of the Government through whose
hands the money is to pass from the Treasury
in the payment of the obligation of the Gov-
ernment who pays the salary to such a man
is to be punished criminally. That is this bill.
Why is that? Why does the Senate desir.e
to take to itself that power? Why does the
Senate charge as against the President -an
abuse of the power of appointment, founded
upon the fact that he appoints those who con-
cur with him instead of those who concur with
Congress and differ from him? It is only
because the Senate think proper to exercise
the power of appointment which is in them to
attain some political end or some party end,
and to secure the continuance in power of the
political party in the country to which they
belong. And if my friend from New Jersey
would, if lie has not already done so_, recur to
what has been said by some of the lights who
carried the Government through in the begin-
ning of its existence, he would see that there
is such danger to be apprehended from the
conduct of the Senate in this -particular as from
the conduct of the President. In this connec-
tion I wish to read from a letter written by the
elder Adams to Mr. Sherman, a member of the
Convention from Connecticut, in reply to one
which he had received from that distinguished
man, stating that he thought there would be
very great danger to be apprehended from
vesting the power of appointment in the Pres-
ident alone, and insisting upon it that there
should be associated with him either the Sen-
ate or some other tribunal by way of a check,
so as to guard against the abuse into which he
might fall. Mr. Adams, after admitting that
the President might through ambition exercise
the power of patronage which the sole author-
ity would give him, if the sole authority was
vested in him, as he thought it should be, ob-
jected to associating the Senate with him, and
used these words:
" A Senator of great influence will be naturals-
ambitious and desirous of increasing his influence.
Will he not be under a temptation to use his influ-
ence with the President as well as his brother Sena-
tors to appoint persons to office in the several States
who will exert themselves in elections to get out his
enemies or opposers, both in Senate and House of
Representatives, and to got in his friends, perhaps
his instruments V'
. There are several other passages in this let-
ter which are full of instruction, and were in-
tended by way of warning to members of the
Convention. It is published in Pitkin's His-
tory, but I read it from the second volume of the
last edition of Story on the Constitution, page
304, where the greater part of the letter will
be found. It does not apply to us, I know, for
we have not any ambition ; we do not want to
get enemies out of office; but if Mr. Adams i3
-right it may be in the future, though not in the
present, that each individual Senator of those
constituting the majority may be very anxious
to keep his enemies, out and to get his friends
in; of course Mr. Adams meant political ene-
mies and political friends, and with a view to
accomplish both results a Senator may be very
anxious to have appointed to office only his
own friends, who will minister to his own pur-
poses, or, to state it in the stronger language
