1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of Mr. Adams, who may be hia mere instal-
ments to serve the purposes ofhis ambition.
The whole, then, results in tbis: that the tend-
ency to abuse of the appointing power, as that
appointing power now exists, is just as great
in the Senate as it is in the President. That
abuse may be caused precisely by the same
causes which may originate the abuse on the
part of the Executive. , In the beginning of the
Government, as we all know, the power was
sparingly exercised. In the debate of 1789
Mr. Madison admitted that the power of re-
moval might be abused, and that to remove
without good cause (that good cause, as he
said, consisting only in the want of competency
or faithfulness on the part of the officer) would
be a good reason for impeachment; but that
doctrine has fallen—I suppose some of my
friends will say in the progress of liberty. Gen-
eral Washington turned out very few, and ap-
pointed- in no case except upon a conviction
of the fitness of the particular person appointed'.
Of those who immediately succeeded him Mr.
Adams turned out almost as few; Mr. Jeffer-
son rather more, but still very few; and such
continued to be the conduct of the Executive
until the period of General Jackson's adminis-
tration ; but up to that time nobody doubted that
the President had a right to remove, whether
the officer was appointed by himself alone or
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate.
The doctrine was received as one settled
from 1789 down to the period when General
Jackson assumed the presidential office. We
know how he came into it. He was one of
the three returned to the House of Represent-
atives in 1828, when there was no person
elected by the people, receiving a majority of
the electoral votes ; and in that contest Mr.
Adams received the proper vote of the House
under circumstances which caused almost a
convulsion in the United States. He was
voted for by Mr. Clay, of Kentucky, although
as it was said, and 1 suppose correctly said,
if the question had been submitted to the peo-
ple of Kentucky, as between Mr. Adams and
General Jackson, General Jackson would have
received ninety votes out of every one hun-
dred. But Mr. Clay, in the discharge of a
duty which he thought he owed to the public—
and nobody who knew him as well as I knew
him could doubt the purity of his purpose—
exercised the power with which the Constitu-
tion clothed him, and gave his vote for Mr.
Adams. General Jackson was elected at the
succeeding election by the people and re-
elected. He had a strong hold upon the peo-
ple. Under his command the war of 1812 had
terminated in a blaze of military glory. The
result of his great battle was then unexampled
and has never been examplcd since—I mean
in relation to the disparity between the killed
and wounded on each side. That gave him a
deep seat in the hearts of the American peo-
ple, and they justified almost everything that
he was disposed to do or did.
And how did he administer this power? It
is stated in a note, which I have no doubt is
perfectly authentic in its facts, to be found at
page 404 of the same volume of Story and the
same edition before referred to, that he re-
moved six hundred and sixty-four officers.
The most of them were removed before he was
reelected. Who found fault with him? His
political opponents found fault with him, not
upon the ground that he had not the power to
remove, but upon the ground that it was an
abuse of the power. He went before the peo-
ple a second time, and he was reelected by an
increased majority. The people, therefore,
according to the doctrine which says that the
people when they decide in fevor of a President
who has been before in office settle finally what
the true construction of the Constitution is and
what the true policy of the Government is, de-
cided in that instance that the true construction
of the Constitution in this particular is that the
President is clothed with the power to remove,
and that the true policy is to exercise thai power,
carrying out th  doctrine announced'm this
Chamber by a very distinguished son of New
York, afterward Secretary of War and Secre-
tary of State, equally distinguished in both
characters, that "to the victors belong the
spoils," a mischievous doctrine, in my opinion,
as a political doctrine looking to the true
interests of the country. But nobody then
doubted or ventured to question General Jack-
son's authority to make those removals; and
the bill upon your table, Mr. President, admits
that the power is necessary; for what differ-
ence is there, so far as relates to the power,
between suspending an officer for a time and
taking from him the salary attached to his
office during the whole period for which he is
suspended and removing nim altogether? That
suspension is provided for by this bill, so that
the friends of this measure—including, of
course, nay friend from Oregon—admit by the
very bill itself that the true interest of the
country requires that there should be vested
somewhere an authority to get rid of an in-
competent officer and that it should be vested
during the recess in the President.
Now, I have said all that I propose to say in
regard to the remarks submitted by my friend
from New Jersey; and I have next something
to say respecting what fell from the Senator
from Oregon. In the first place, that honor-
able Senator assails the authority of Mr. Mad-
ison upon these grounds, which he supposes he
has made good : first, that it stands in opposi-
tion to the authority of General Hamilton, and
secondly, tp the authority of the Supreme Court.
It is true that as far as relates to General Ham-
ilton, in the number of the Federalist to which
the Senator referred, it was stated by that very
distinguished man that the power to remove
being incident to the power to appoint, and
the power to appoint being vested in the Presi-
dent and Senate conjointly, the power to remove
could only be exercised conjointly. Now, I
speak from recollection, but I am sure it is a
recollection which does not fail me, when I say
that, after General Hamilton had been in the
Government as Secretary of the Treasury and
had been an anxious spectator and a student
of the measures adopted by the Government
from time to time, engaged in all the great polit-
ical controversies that ensued even after he
ceased to be the Secretary of the Treasury of
the United States, he changed that opinion. He
saw that the practical working of the Govern-
ment demanded that such a power should be
vested in the President if the Senate was not in
session. He yielded to the reasoning of Mr.
Madison, and he not only yielded to the rea-
soning of Mr. Madison, but yielded to the for-
tification of that reasoning which experience,
after the power was held to exist, demonstrated
to be the true policy of the Government and
the true construction of the Constitution.
I beg leave to say to my friend from Oregon,
with all respect, that he has entirely misappre-
hended the cases in the Supreme Court to which
he referred. He first cited the case of Mar-
bury vs. Madison, reported in 7 Cranch, which
I understood him to say decided that it was not
in the power of the President to remove. There
is no such doctrine in that case. Just at the
close of the Adminstration of Mr. Adams, he
having appointed justices of the peace for the
District of Columbia under a law which limited
their services to four years and required the
appointments to be passed upon by the Senate,
and the Senate having confirmed the particular
nominations, among others that of Marbury,
Mr. Adams signed the commission and sent it
to the State Department, and there it was found
when Mr. Madison became the Secretary of
State, as he did upon the inauguration of Mr.
Jefferson as President. Marbury applied to
the Supreme Conrt of the United States for a
mandamus against Mr. Madison to compel him
to deliver to him that commission.
There were two questions before the court:
the first was whether the court had power to
issue a mandamus in such a case as that. The
act of 1789 gives the Supreme Court only the
authority to issue that writ and the other writs
which it mentions when they become necessary
to the exercise of their own jurisdiction, and
that is generally an appellate jurisdiction—their
original jurisdiction is limited to a very small
class of cases—eases between the States, cases
affecting foreign" ministers and embassadors.
The court went beyond the mere question of their
power to issue amandamus in that case, and for
so doing were not censured as the Supreme Court
in modern dayshas been; I mean the judges who
decided the case of Dred Scott upon the ground
that the immediate question decided by them
was not necessary to be deeided in order to
dispose of that case. Chief Justice Marshall,
speaking for the whole court, enters into a la-
bored argument, able as a matter of course,
because he never labored in vain, for the pur-
pose of proving that the office was vested in
Marbury and that he was entitled to hia com-
mission ; but concluded the opinion in a few
sentences by stating that the court had no juris-
diction under which they could grant himredress
in that form or perhaps in any form; certainly
not in that form. The opinion inthat case has
never been assailed by either lawyer or judge
upon the ground that that part of it was extra
judicial, and yet it was just as extra judicial as
was the opinion in the Dred Scott case. Mar-
shall had been baptized in the blood of the
Revolution; he had served his country as dip-
lomatist and as Secretary of State; he had
illustrated the Constitution in judgments that
challenged the admiration of the whole coun-
try ; and no one ventured to assert, as against
an officer of that description, that any improper
motive,- any desire to trench upon the legitimate
power of tile Executive, entered at all into tha
consideration of that judgment.
But, says my brother and friend from Ore-
gon, that case decided that the President had
no right to remove. Surely that is an entire
misapprehension. The Constitution gives to
the President the authority to appoint, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to
certain high offices, but gives to Congress the
power to vest the appointment and to give the
removal of inferior officers to anybody they
think proper: and these justices of the peace
were inferior and not high officers within the
meaning of those two terms in the Constitu-
tion. Congress, therefore, by providing that
such an officer should hold his commission for
four years, removed the officer from the power
of removal of the President, as they could
have taken from him the power to appoint.
Nobody doubts that if they were inferior offi-
cers, as they were, Congress might have given
the power to appoint those officers to the peo-
ple of the district by election, or to any indi-
vidual that they might think proper, or to any
tribunal other than the executive department
of the Government. They had a right, although
they thought proper to give it to the President
himself, to provide that it should endure for
four years as against any such power of re-
moval. That is all the case decided upon that
question.
My friend supposes that Mr. Justice Mc-
Lean, in the case in 17 Howard of the United
i States vs. Guthrie, to which he referred us,
j held a different doctrine. That also is an
| error into which the gentleman has fallen. The
! then Attorney General of the United States
i maintained that what was done in that case
J was properly done, because the President had
i the authority to remove a judge of a Territory,
j and having removed the judge the salary at-
j tached to the office failed as a matter of course
as far as he was concerned. The court in
deciding it, however, say that that question ig
not before them, and it is not necessary there-
fore to decide it. The question before them
was whether they could, m the case of a man-
damus which might be applied for by an offieer
to get his salary, enter into the Treasury by
judicial process and command the officers of
the Treasury to pay the amountclaiiued. They
said not, because that would be to administer
the Treasury Department. If the Supreme
Court had that authority any other court of tha
United States had it; and it would be there-
fere to open the doors of the Treasury to every
