1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1901
Dot these appointees were selected under a
law of the United States. Now, I undertake
to say that they were. It is true that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may have selected men
who were unqualified under the law to act; but
they were de facto officers, and they collected
in our behalf and paid into our Treasury
$4,000,000. The law merely requires that
these officers, after they have been selected
and appointed, shall take a certain oath.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And shall not enter on
their duties unless they do take it.
Mr. GRIMES. That does not make any
difference. They were de facto officers, and
we have recognized them as officers. We have
received the fruits of their labors, and the
laborer is worthy of his hire. The question
is, whether or not these men have been of
service to us ? Has their service been of value
to the Government? The Secretary of the
Treasury may have been wrong in making the
appointment. He has been sufficiently re-
buked for that. Should we visit our indigna-
tion upon these men who could not conscien-
tiously take the oath because the Secretary
was unfortunate in the selection which he
made, or because he believed that he could
not carry into execution the laws of the coun-
try for the reason that he could not find men
who could take the oath ?
Mr. President, this discussion, I believe,
involves the sum of $10,000. I do not know
that there is any very great principle involved
in it. I think that we could safely, after the
rebuke that has been administered to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury by the Senator from
Massachusetts and the Senator from Michi-
gan, and from the fact that we have declared
in this law that in the future we will pay no
salaries in like cases—I think we could safely
pay this $10,000, and let these men have the
salary to which they are justly entitled.
Mr. POMEROY. In reply to the Senator
from Iowa, I beg leave to suggest if these men
are officers and are recognized by the law,
why do they come here and ask for any special
appropriation? They can be paid under the
existing law if what the Senator from Iowa
says is true, and you do not need any addi-
tional appropriation.
Mr. GRIMES. It is simply because a year
ago we passed a law under the inspiration of
the moment, under the inspiration of passion,
I think, that they should not be paid.
Mr. POMEROY. I think not. I think no
such thing was done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The original oath-law
provided that nobody should receive pay who
did not take the oath. It is merely an irregu-
larity.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The precise question
I understand is upon the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Chair declines ruling
this amendment out of order. The rule upon
which the objection is based is one upon the
reception of an amendment. In the first place,
this amendment is reported by the Committee
on Finance, and it has been under considera-
tion by the Senate during two days' sessions.
The objection is, therefore, too late in point
of time upon its reception. Besides that, the
Senate itself has not only considered this
amendment, but has proceeded to amend it.
It is a proposition which the Senate has not
only received, but which it has acted upon,
and in its modified and amended form it is
now before the Senate for its final decision.
It would be impossible for the Chair now to rule
that this amendment should not be received,
against the plain and palpable fact of its having
been under consideration at two sessions, ana
of the Senate having not only received it, but
having modified it, so that it is now pending
before us in its changed and modified form.
This is the plain action of the Senate, and it
is certainly beyond the power of the Chair to
rule the amendment out of order, and declare
it not before the body. That would be not
only to act under the rule suggested, but it
would be to undo a vote of the Senate itself.
However the case might stand as an original
question, therefore, as the point now stands
before the Senate, the decision of the Chair is
most indisputable. It would be impossible for
the Chair to make any other decision.
One additional remark. I do not look upon
this amendment as a private claim. I look
upon it as in the nature of a public measure.
Observe, we are not passing upon an applica-
tion made by an individual or by several indi-
viduals before us by petition, followed by a bill,
which is the form in which private claims come
up. It would not be proper for a member to
rise in his place and propose that a claim pre-
ferred by an individual or by several individuals
should be paid upon a bill of this kind. If the
objection in such case were made in due time,
of course the rule of the Senate would exclude
it; but here is a report from a committee upon
a general subject, with reference to the public
policy of the Government in one third of the
Union in the collection of its internal revenue.
It is a provision of general law, applying indis-
criminately, not to any individual by name, but
to a large mass of persons in connection with
our general policy upon the revenue question.
It is, therefore, in the nature of a public meas-
ure. This is not the claim of an individual or
several individuals preferred before us and
coming up for consideration in the usual and
ordinary manner; it is in the nature of a ques-
tion of public policy, and therefore, in my opin-
ion, not obnoxious, not objectionable to the rule
that has been cited.
However that may be, sir, at present unques-
tionably the Senate must vote to sustain the
decision of the Chair, as it is perfectly conform-
able to the action of the Senate itself, this
amendment having been received, and having
been amended by the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I apprehend that the
Senator from Pennsylvania does not state pre-
cisely the usage of the Senate. An amend-
ment is received. It is received from a com-
mittee on an individual moving it, as a matter
of course, by unanimous consent; but it is
always competent to raise a point of order
upon its reception at any time before action is
had upon it, before the amendment is adopted.
In receiving it the Chair is to understand that
it is the unanimous consent that it shall be re-
ceived, and by unanimous consent any private
claim may be put upon an appropriation bill;
but if the point is raised, if objection is made
to it, then the Chair understands that it is not
by unanimous consent, and the decision of the
Chair must then be made. The point taken
by the Senator from Pennsylvania has no
bearing upon this question, because it is our
usage always to receive any amendment and
consider it; and if it occurs to the Senate or
to any individual member that it is a private
claim, then the point of order is made and
decided. I think this point of order at least
is made in time, according to the usage of the
Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. This service was rendered
under the authority of law, and the Committee
on Finance simply report an amendment to
this bill to pay men for having rendered ser-
vice by authority of and in conformity to law.
The position that this is a claim which is not
authorized by an existing law is so unsound
and so untrue that to my mind it is only ne-
cessary to state the facts of the case for its
refutation.
Mr. SUMNER. I am sorry to protract this
discussion for one moment; but there was a
remark that fell from the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Grimes] to which I wish to reply. If I
understood him, he argued that this was not a
Srivate claim, because these persons as officers
ad entered upon the discharge of their duties.
Now, allow me to remind the Senator that
nothing, perhaps, for many years has been of
more constant occurrence than the claims of
persona who have rendered service in foreign
countries as officers of the Government, but
not precisely in conformity with existing laws.
I have more than once presented such claims
from the committee which I represent on this
floor. I have moved them under the direction
of that committee on appropriation bills, and
they have been set aside as not in order. The
precise ground taken was that they were essen-
tially private claims. I may remind the Sen-
ator, for instance, of the claims of persons who
had served as marshal of the consular court
in Canton. There were other similar claims
which I do not precisely recall; but they have
always been treated as private claims, and on
that account, although having the sanction of
a committee of this body, ruled out of order.
Now, I humbly submit that these precedents
are precisely applicable to the present propo-
sition. These parties entered upon the dis-
charge of certain duties, but they failed to
j comply with any existing law. They did not
; come within the requirements of the law.
They were, therefore, in no just sense officers
of the United States. They may have de facto
; performed certain duties, but they had not
Drought themselves within the requirements
of the law. The law was positive that no man
could enter upon the duties of office, or touch
any salary or compensation therefor, until lie
had first taken a certain oath. But these per-
sons, without taking that oath, entered upon
their duties. What then, I ask you, was their
predicament? They were private persons ren-
dering service to the United States under the
guise of office; but they were in no just sense
officers of the United States, for the Congress
of the United States had in advance declared
that no such persons could be officers of the
United States. How, then, can you, sir, in
defiance of a statute recognize them as such?
No, sir, they were not officers; they were sim-
ply private citizens discharging certain duties.
Let their case, then, be presented on that
ground; let them mppear, if you ^please, as
petitioners, like other private claimants" on
this Government, and let us consider their
claims in a bill carefully matured, with proper
safeguards and provisions.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to make a single
remark with reference to the main subject in
hand as I understand it. These officers, as I
shall call them, were appointed contrary to
law, and they accepted their positions con-
trary to law. And for what purpose? It was
not from the consideration that there were not
loyal men in every one of these States suffi-
cient to hold these offices and qualified to per-
form their duties; but it was because a policy
had been adopted at that time to units the
southern rebel element with its friends in the
northern States for the purpose of precipitating
the canvass for the next presidential election.
It was thought that it would not do to appeal
to the down-trodden Union men of the South.
I know personally that there were enough of
those men all overthe South to have discharged
the duties of these offices. If they had re-
ceived thg patronage of the Government they
would have held in their hands by this time
almost every rebel State and given it to the
cause of the Union. They are now to be
thrown aside, and the Congress of the United
States appears to be willing at one session to
trample under foot what it has done at a pre-
ceding session. I am not prepared to vote for
any such measure, nor am I prepared to place
these individuals in a situation in which they
will be enabled to wield these States against
the policy of Congress. For one I wish to
see in power in the southern States men who
will represent the policy of Congress at this
time. I will not say now precisely whether
Congress is right or wrong in the contest which
it is waging, has waged, with the executive
department, and it is unnecessary to discuss
that question ; but the fact is that that contest
exists. Placed as I have been on the side of
this body, I expect to maintain the policy that
Congress has assumed, although but half devel-
oped and half presented to the country as vet.
I expect, of course, that this body will, as far
as it can, sec that it is represented, and stand
by the solemn declarations it has made. I
