1902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
make no charge upon any officer or any depart-
ment whatever; but I think it is due to the
dignity of this body to maintain at least the
policy that they have set forth on this point.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate ?
Mr. SUMNER. On that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being j
taken, resulted—yeas 87, nays 10; as follows: |
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew, Cat- |
teU,Cotraess, Cowan,Cragm,Davis, Dixon, DooHttle,
Edmunds, Fessenden, Fogg, Frelinghuysen, Grimes,
Harris, Hendricks, Jonnson.Kirkwood.Iiane.McDou-
eall, Morgan, Morrill. Nesmith, Norton, Patterson,
Poland, Ramsey, ltiddle, Ross. Saulsbury, Sherman,
Sprague. Stewart, Van Winkle, Willey, and Wil-
liams—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Creswell. Fowler, Howard, Howe,
Nye, Poraeroy, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, and Yates
—10. „
ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Foster, Guthrie, Hen-
derson, and Wilson—5.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to say a word
or two in reply to the equitable ground which
is assumed by the Senator from Maryland and
the Senator from West Virginia and some other
Senators as to the basis for the payment of this
claim, and the assumption which they make,
that good morals require us to pay this money.
I think the Senator from Iowa repeated the
same thing, that we have got the money, that
these men collected money, we have received
it, and now we ought to pay them. That argu-
ment, let me say to the Senator from Mary-
land, frill justify a band of ruffians to-day
going into the custom-house in New York, driv-
ing out the officers of the Government, and
collecting your customs, and then when they
have done it you must noti receive the money,
or you must pay them for doing it. Here, in
defiance oflaw, men have collected the money
of the Government, and it is said if you take
the money, the sum which is due on the goods
imported into the country, you are bound to
pay the men, who, knowingly and without
authority of law, usurped this authority. It is
put upon moral grounds, and that is the mo-
rality taught in the Senate of the United States
by the Senator from Maryland and others to
the people of this country. They do not pre-
tend to justify the act, but they say no matter
if a man did act in violation of law, no matter
if the law said he should not exercise the duties
of the office without taking an oath, what of
that? He did exercise the duties and col-
lected the money, and you cannot receive the
revenue due the Government unless you pay
him. That is the kind of morals proclaimed
in the Senate of the United States; and we
are told that we will put it in the law that we
will not pay again. Will that help it? Have
you not put it in the law already that you will
not pay?
Sir, so far from there being any coif&ideration
of morals requiring this payment, it is demor-
alizing to the legislation of the country. It is
teaching men to disobey the law. It is saying
to executive officers whose duties are pre-
scribed by law, "You may violate the law, and
yet you have the moral right to be paid for
whatever you do for the Government, even in
violation of law; it makes no difference that
we have prescribed your duties; it is true, we
have directed you in the discharge of your
duties to discharge them in a particular way,
but it is immaterial whether you do it or not;
discharge them any way you please, and if we
have the benefit of them we must pay you."
Suppose you appoint an architect to construct
this Capitol, ana you direct him how he is to
do it. He does not follow the law; he disobeys
your directions, the very authority under which
he holds office, and you must either go with-
out a Capitol and not occupy it, or you must
sanction what is done, because you receive
the benefit of his labor. And this is called
good morals.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I have
never supposed that I could compete with the
honorable chairman of the Judiciary Commit-
tee either in a question of morals or a question
oflaw of any description. I never in my life
knew him when he was not always right upon
both questions, and I sometimes doubt whether
I am. He has the advantage of me, therefore.
But in reading to me a lecture—for it was
delivered in such a tone that it amounted to a j
lecture—the honorable member should recollect
that he is lecturing three fourths of the Senate
of the United States; and however he may
doubt whether my sense of morals is as keen
as his, it would have been at least, perhaps, if
he will permit me to say so, decorous to admit
that it was barely possible that the large ma-
jority of the Senate of the United States had j
as nice a sense of morals and honor as the
honorable chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mary-
land, with all his self-complacency, cannot, I
am sure, have forgotten that he himself rose
in this Senate and made the point of morals.
He was the Senator who said that we had re-
ceived ten millions of money from these per-
sons, and ought to pay them because we had
received the money. He put it upon that
ground ; and when he is replied to he chooses
to call the reply to this assault upon our morals
who were not inclined to make this payment,
a lecture. I suppose, sir, we are permitted to
reply to this assault upon our morals by say-
ing that the course advocated by him is demor-
alizing in the extreme, and teaching the people
of this country to disregard the law.
But, sir, with all the Senator's modesty, he
assumes that three fourths of the Senate are
with him. I have not canvassed the Senate to
know whether three fourths of the Senate are
with him or with me. I am not satisfied that
this measure will pass; and allow me, with all
due deference to tne Senator's better opinion,
to give it as my humble opinion that it will
never pass the Congress of the United States.
I do not believe the Congress of the United
States will pass this measure. It is possible
this body may. The Senator may have can-
vassed the Senate and ascertained how they
will vote.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let me say to the honor-
able member that that is what I never do.
What his practice is I know nothing about.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know by what
authority the Senatorassnmed-that three fourths
of the Senate would vote with him, then.
Mr. JOHNSON. By the vote just taken.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The vote just taken was
on a question of order.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was on the question
whether the decision of the Chair should stand
as the judgment of the Senate; and because
the Senate voted to sustain the Chair in that
decision the astute Senator from Maryland
assumes that that is a judgment upon the merits
of the question. I am unable to meet an argu-
ment of that kind. I did not suppose that that
had anything to do with the merits of the
question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment reported by the
committee.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask that that amendment
be read before the vote is taken.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, as follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury is directed to
report to Congress as soon as may be the names of
all persons employed in assessing or collecting the
revenue from customs and from internal taxation,
who did not, before entering upon the duties of
their appointment, take and subscribe to the oaths
required by law; together with the nature, place,
and amount of service rendered by each of such per-
sons, and the sums paid to and retained by such per-
sons, respectively, on account thereof, and the snms,
if any, now claimed by such persons for such service.
Mr. HOWARD. I understand that this is
offered as a substitute for tfee amendment sug-
gested by the Committee on Finance. This
requires no appropriation at all.
Mr. BUCKALEW. We have already had
a report such as is contemplated by this amend-
ment. The names of these officers were re-
ported to us by the Secretary of the Treasury,
and he stated that he had not paid them.
Certainly there can be no motive in adopting
such an amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is not a single fact
which the Secretary can give which has not
already been given on this subject; and there-
fore I do not see the use of renewing the con-
troversy at the next session. Let us take a
vote of the Senate pro or con. I do not care
one particle which way the Senate decides;
but the proposition is before us, and I think
we had better dispose of it now.
Mr. HOWARD. I have not heard, and the
gentlemen around me have not heard, a single
word that the Senator from Ohio has said.
We arc anxious to know what he is stating.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say there is not a single
fact which the Secretary can communicate to
us that we have not now. We have the names
of the assistant assessors and all the facts con-
nected with their services. I would rather the
Senate would dispose of the question now;
and I would not turn my hands, except as a
matter of justice and equity, for a decision
either way. I hope the Senate will take the
question and pass its judgment upon the prop-
osition of the Committee on Finance. If the
Senate decide that these men ought not to be
paid under the circumstances, well and good;
that is a plain proposition. But there is no
nse in calling on the Secretary of the Treasury
or anybody else for further information. We
have it all in his official reports.
Mr. HOWE. Let me suggest to the Senator
that I think he is mistaken in saying that the
Senate has that information.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Illinois
read here last night from an official document
giving the names of the assistant assessors who
had been appointed and could not take the oath
of office. We have the amounts charged for
their services. We have several cases on our
tables. There are probably fifty or sixty of
them ; perhaps a hundred; I do not know how
many.
Mr. HOWE. The paper from which the
Senator from Illinois read last night contained
only the names of certain assistant assessors
who had been appointed in defiance of law up
to the date that report was sent to the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. None were appointed
after that.
Mr. HOWE. We have no authentic infor-
mation that I know of whether others have
been appointed since or not. We do not know
how long these men were continued in office.
We do not know whether they are continued
in office to-day or not. We do not know what
the amounts claimed by these parties are. I
do not understand what one fact the Senate
has in its possession which would authorize it
to pass upon the question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What I desire is infor-
mation. The committee only reported an
authority, with an appropriation in support of
it, to the Secretary of the Treasury to settle
these accounts according to his discretion; that
is, to pay all the persons employed the same
sum to which they would have been entitled
had they been entitled by law to perform the
duties to which these salaries and emoluments
would then attach. The committee have not
favored the Senate with any information which
they possess as to the amount of service ren-
dered by any one of these persons, the nature
of it, except a mere general statement—we all
know the general nature—where it was per-
formed, how much is now claimed to be due
to these persons, whether there is any distinc-
tion in the rightfulness, in the natural equity
between one person and another, as frequently
there is in such cases. We have no informa-
tion at all of that description. But it is pro-
posed to leave to the discretion of the Secretary
of the Treasury the power of paying these per-
sons without regard to any difference or dis-
tinction that exists between them. It leaves
