1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was reported and its passage proposed. I
understood him, however, at one stage of his
argument to take the ground which was origin-
ally taken when this question was discussed in
the Congress of 1789 by most of those who then
opposed the construction given to the Consti-
tution upon this subject, to wit: that the power
of removing from office in ourGovernment arose
by implication from the provision which con-
fers upon the President the power of appoint-
ment, " by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate." If this bill be pressed upon that
ground, upon the ground that there is an im-
plied power in the President and the Senate
to remove from office because they are joined
together for the purpose of appointment, it will
inevitably follow that this bill will stand con-
demned: it cannot be justified upon the ground
which is stated in its support.
Mr. President, there are but two possible
locations in this Government for the power of
removal under the Constitution of the United
States; and I say this in view of former dis-
cussions and in view of the expressed opin-
ions of leading men at different periods of our
history, both those wlio have been concerned
in the enactment and execution of the laws
and those who have written expositiens of the
Constitution as scholars in the retiracy of their
closets.
If this power to remove be one conferred by
the Constitution, it must be vested in the Presi-
dent of the United States alone, who is the
head of the executive department and charged
with the execution of the laws, or it must be
vested in the President by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate upon the ground of
implication which I have already mentioned. If
the power be not vested in the President alone
or in the President and the Senate, it is located
nowhere; it exists nowhere; and the argument
in favor of the enactmeut of a law proposing to
vest it anywhere must be upon the ground that
it is an i deal or latent power whichmay be created
orcalled into active existence by virtue of those
general powers of legislation which are vested
in the Congress of the United States. But in-
asmuch as this is a Government of granted
and vested powers, and inasmuch as the grants
to Congress are specific, upon the very state-
ment of the point itself the conclusion must
be against it. We must reject the argument
and recur back to the alternative before men-
tioned. Before I am done I will read author-
ities upon these several points by which my
statement of them will be fully vindicated.
I say, then, that the Senator from Oregon,
in his argument in favor of this bill, was not
satisfactory in his statement of the ground of
power upon which he claimed that we could
enact it. Taking for granted that he stands
upon the ground that this is a power arising
by implication and by virtue of the Consti-
• tution vested in the President and in the Sen-
ate, how stands his bill? Why, sir, upon that
implication this power must be exclusive in
the President and in the Senate; neither can
divest themselves of it; nor can the law-mak-
ing power charge its exercise upon one to the
exclusion of the other. And yet what does
this bill do? You propose by law to provide
that the President shall suspend from office—
an exercise of the power of removal to a cer-
tain extent, and standing upon thesamegrounds
of argument as the absolute and complete power
of removal itself. If your argument be sound,
you cannot by law provide that the President
shall suspend, that he shall make a partial
removal from office, without the advice and
consent of the Senate before the suspension is
made or ordered,
Equally clear is it upon the very face of this
bill that the main, the important exception
which is made, and properly and necessarily
made from it, is in this view unconstitutional,
to wit, the exception of the several heads of
Departments from the operation of this pro-
posed law. If the President and Senate are
by the Constitution united for the purpose of
removal as well as appointment, it will follow
that you cannot, as you propose by this bill,
permit the President alone to remove the heads
of the executive Departments—the principal
officers who are associated with him in the ex-
ecution of the laws.
Your bill, then, stands condemned upon this
ground, which is the only ground in my opinion
that can be with any plausibility urged in its
support. The premises from which you pro-
ceed will not justify the conclusion at which
you arrive.
The bill before us gives to Senators the same
participation in removals from office that they
poftess under the Constitution in cases of
appointment. Their "advice and consent'' is
necessary by the express terms of the Consti-
tution to the appointment of " embassadors,
other public ministers and consuls, judges of
the Supreme Court," and all other officers
of the United States whose appointments are
not otherwise provided for in the Constitution,
and which may be " established bylaw." The
question now is whether their "advice and
consent" is necessary under the Constitution
to the removal of such officers, or whether a
requirement of such advice and consent to
removals may be established by law. The
question is one of the first magnitude among
all those which can arise in the practical action
of the Government, and deserves debate which
shall rise above the passions and selfish interests
of the hour.
The proposition which has been heretofore
maintained by all the great departments of the
Government, that is, by Congress, by the Presi-
dent, and by the Supreme Court, has been
that all removals from office (except of " infe-
rior officers" whose appointments are vested
by law " in the President alone, in the courts
of law, or in the heads of Departments'') are to
be made by the President without any sena-
torial advice or consent. He is to act alone
without check or limitation upon his power or
division of his responsibility. And this has
been held to be a constitutional principle,
secure from molestatioa by statute.
The President's power o? removal was well
considered in the First Congress which assem-
bled under the Constitution, and fortunately
the debate as well as the decision then made
has been preserved to us. There is no express
provision in the Constitution on the subject of
removals from office, except one under the
head of impeachment, which is to be found
in the third section of the first article. The
power, therefore, if it exist at all, except in
the Senate when sitting as a court of impeach-
ment, must be an implied one, and manifestly
it must be vested in the President of the Uni-
ted States or in the President and Senate.
That this power is vested in the President
alone by the Constitution ought not now to be
questioned in view of the past practice of the
Government, and of the decisions which have
been made by its several departments. But as
this bill does question that location of the
power, and brings up again the objections which
were urged on former occasions against such
location, we are obliged once more to traverse
the field of debate upon the general subject,
and to repel again those arguments which were
formerly advanced in favor of senatorial par-
ticipation in removals.
The most favorable occasion which has ever
presented itself for considering and deciding
this subject was presented in the Congress of
1789; for the Government was then about to
be put in operation. Its organization was just
begun. Most of the offices under it were un-
filled. There were no private interests to be
effected by a construction of the Constitution
upon the question of removals from office.
Political parties, as they afterward took form,
were unknown. General Washington was
President, and many leading men who had
participated in the forming of the Constitution
and in its adoption by the several States were
members in both Houses of Congress. This
point was put with great propriety and force
by one of the members who participated in the
debate in the House of Representatives, and
who had been prominent in the constitutional
convention; I mean Mr. Madison. He said:
" In another point of view it is proper that this in-
terpretation should now take place rather than at a
time when the exigency of the case may require the
exereise of the power of removal. At present the
disposition of every gentleman is to seek the truth
and abide by its guidance when it is discovered. I
have reason to believe the game disposition pre-
vails in the Senate. Bat will this be the case when
some individual officer of high rank draws into ques-
tion the capacity of the President, with the Senate,
to effect his removal ? If we leave the Constitntion
to take this course it can never be expounded until
the President shall think it expedient to exercise the
right of removal, if he supposes he has it; then the
Senate may be induced to sot up their pretensions.
And will they decide so calmly as at this time, when
no important officer in any of the great departments
is appointed to influence their judgments? The im-
agination of no member here or of the Senate or of
the President himself is heated or disturbed by fac-
tion. If ever a proper moment for decision should
offer, it mnst be one like the present."—Annaia of
Congress, vol. i, p. 547.
These words of wisdom deserve as much
consideration now as they did when uttered)
exhibiting as they do in contrast the superior
competency and fitness of the.Congress of1789,
before parties were formed and personal inter-
ests in the tenure of offices had come into exist-
ence, over the present Congress filled with
heated partisans and subject to the influence
of thousands of officers deeply interested in the
subject of our debates.
The question was decided after full discus-
sion in both Houses in favor of the presidential
power of removal under the Constitution, and
this decision was indorsed by the signature of
President Washington to the bill in which it
was contained. And that decision stands unre-
versed to this day during a period of seventy-
seven years. No more authoritative decision
upon a constitutional question, open to debate,
appears anywhere in our political history, nor
one in which there has been more uniform and
complete acquiescence by all departments of
the Government. Even those public men and
jurists who have sometimes suggested their
doubts of the propriety or correctness of the
decision have acquiesced in its binding force
and asserted the impropriety of attempting to
disturb it.
It is true that the "pretensions" of the Sen-
ate to participate in removals, spoken of by
Mr. Madison in the extract just read, were
faintly pressed, although not persisted in in the
senatorial debates of 1S34. At that time Mr.
Madison was yet living and gave once more an
emphatic expression of his opinion. In a letter
to John M. Patton, dated March 24, 1834, he
said:
"Should the controversy on removals from offiee
end in the establishment of a share in the power, as
claimed for the Senate, it would materially vary the
relations among the component parts of the Govern-
ment, and disturb the operation of the checks and
balances now understood to exist. If the right of the
Senate be, or be made, a constitutional one. it will
enable that branch of the Government to force on the
executive department aeontinuance in offiee even of
the Cabinet officers, notwithstanding a change from
a personal and political harmony with the President,
to a state of open hostility toward bim. If the right
of the Senate be m;ide to depend on the Legislature,
it would still be grantable in that extent; aud even
with tlie exceptions of the heads of Departments and
a few other otiieers, the augmentation of thesonato-
rial patronage, and thenewrelation between the Soil-
ate directly and the Legislature indirectly, with the
Chief Magistrate, would be loit deeply in the goneral
administration of tho Government. Xhe innovation,
however modified, would more than double the dan-
ger of throwing the exoeutive machinery out of gear,
and thus arresting the march of the Government
altogether." *******
"The Constitntion of the United States may doubt-
less disclose, from time to time, fanlts which call for
the pruning or tho ingrafting hand. But reinedtest
ought to be applied, not in the paroxysms of party
and popular excitements, but with the more leisure
and reflection as the great departments of power
according to experience may be successively and
alternatelyinandout of public favor; and as changes
hastily accommodated to these vicissitudes would
destroy the symmetry and the stability aimed at in
our political system."
In a letter to Edward Coles, dated Mont-
pelier, August 20, 1834. he said :
" For claims are made by the Senate in opposition
to the principles and practise of every Administra-
tion, my own included, and varying materially, in
some instances, the relations hetween the great de-
partments of the (Sovernment."
