1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1903
him the power to pay a person who may have
been appointed—I do not say that he was,
because I do not know—in a State and a place
where there were dozens of men who were
ready and willing to take the oath, and who
could take it with a good conscience, and who
were perfectly capable of performing these
duties.
My proposition is to get this information
rather than to go forward, and not knowing 1
now whether these persons are holding these
what they call offices or not, still authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay them, and
then next year have another appropriation
possibly for further services; because, when
this subject was under examination by the Com-
mittee on Commerce last summer, down in the
last days of July, we then had reason to believe
from the information we received that some of
these persons—we could not readily ascertain
how many—were still engaged in this service not-
withstanding that many months had passed siiice
the attention of Congress and the attention of
the Secretary of the Treasury was drawn to it.
It may be that the Secretary of the Treasury
had good reason for continuing these persons
in this illegal employment after Congress had
shown its dissatisfaction with it. I hope he
had good reason, if he did so; and I do not
mean to say that he had not; but I do mean to
say that if in any other case, when a post office
contractor is to have anything in addition to
what the law gives him, if any claim, however
small, of loyal citizens against the Government
is to be settled, we know the detail of each
individual case, and the nature and extent of
the service. If in such cases, I say, we must
have information of this description before we
act, then we ought to have it now, and decide
justly when it is before us. Therefore I think
there is reason for the amendment which I offer.
Mr. CONNB8S. Mr. President, so many
collateral questions have been drawn into this
discussion that it is exceedingly difficult for a
Senator to know, unless he has been able to
form his opinion from other sources, how to
vote upon the main question in this case as to
whether these claims or accounts shall be paid
or not. My objection to the form of amend-
ment now presented by the honorable Senator
from Vermont is that it is simply a call for in-
formation upon a departmental officer, which
may be made by a resolution of the Senate, and
seems hardly the thing to append to an appro-
priation bill. We can get all the information
contemplated in this amendment if it be put
in the shape of a resolution calling on the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to report; and for that
reason I do not see the importance of sustain-
ing this amendment, which in itself is well
enough however, but is rather out of place here,
as I think.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance as amended.
Mr. BROWN. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 33, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Anthony, Brown, Bnckalew.Cattell,
Conness,Cragin,Davis,Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden,
Fogg, Foster, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Hendricks,
Johnson, Lane. McDougall, Morgan, Morrill. Nes-
mith, Norton, Patterson, Poland, Ram3ey, Riddle,
Ross, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Van Winkle,
Willey, and Williams—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler .Edmunds, Fowler, How-
ard, Howe, Kirkwood, Nye, Pomeroy, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Wade, Wilson,and Yates—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cowan, Creswell, Guthrie, Har-
ris, Honderson, and Stewart—6.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to add as an additional section :
Seo. 9. ^1 nd be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby authorized to sell at pub-
lie auction tho following property belonging to the
United States, namely: the buildings and grounds
known as the old oustom-house at Alexandria, Vir-
ginia; the building and grounds known as the old
custom-house at NewHaven, Connecticut; thebuild-
ing and grounds known as the old custom-house at
Portsmouth, New Hampshire; the parcel of ground
known as the old custom-house lot at Norfolk, Vir-
ginia; the parcel or lot o£ ground purchased in the
city of Perth Amboy, New Jersey, for theerection of
a custom-house; and the custom-house and grounds
at Sackett's Harbor, New York; and he is hereby
authorized to make, execute, and deliver all needful
conveyances to the purchaser or purchasers thereof.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Finance
are now disposed of.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have two or three
other amendments to propose from the Com-
mittee on Finance. I move to strike out in
lines two hundred and sixty-eight, two hun-
dred and sixty-nine, and two hundred and
seventy of section one the words:
" For repairs of the building used as the custom-
house and post office at Middletown, Connecticut,
$6,000; and;" so as to leave the clause read:
For the erection, under tho direction of the Light-
House Board, of an iron spindle on Success rock.
Long Island sound, SoOO, or so much thereof as may
be necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now I move to strike
out lines two hundred and seventy-four and
two hundred and seventy-five, in these words:
For the payment of fixtures and furniture fur-
nished to said post office, $600.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line two hundred
and eighty-two I move to strike out " repairs"
and insert "miscellaneous expenses;" so as
to read:
For furniture, carpets, and miscellaneous expenses
of Treasury buildings, $35,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am further author-
ized by the committee to move to insert after
line two hundred and eighty-nine "for contin-
uation of the Treasury extension, $50,000."
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to have the
Senate accept an amendment to that amend-
ment—I believe we adopted it here once—re-
storing the building to its original design, and
getting rid of those deformities that are stuck
on the side next to the President's House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would rather not
have that added ; I am not sufficiently ac-
quainted with the subject.
Mr. ANTHONY. I can move it after-
ward.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After line two hundred
and sixty-one I move to insert:
For the purchase of a site and the erection of a
building for a custom-house and post office at Ma-
chias, Maine, 820,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am authorized by the
Committee on Finance to move this amend-
ment, to come in after line two hundred and
sixty-one of section one :
For the purohase of a site, and the erection of a
custom-house and post office at Astoria, Oregon,
$25,000: Provided, That vessels may load and un-
load at the city of Portland, in said State, under
such regulations as may be prescribed by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that I
shall oppose this amendment; there was one
just like it adopted a moment ago ; but I wish
to apprise the Senate that we shall claim the
erection of post offices and custom-houses in
other States If they are to be put on for such
places as Machias, in Maine, and the point in
Oregon now proposed. I recollect that some
years ago the policy was adopted of erecting
court-houses and post offices in various places
in the United States, and we had considerable
discussion about it in the Senate; and now I
see that a motion is made to ercct a custom-
house and post office at some place in Oregon ;
I do not remember the name of the place.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Astoria.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A moment ago an
amendment was adopted to purchase a site
for and erect a custom-house and post office
at Machias, in Maine. I should like to move
a similar amendment for Quincy, in my State.
I have no authority from a committee to do it,
and of course therefore cannot make the mo-
tion ; but Quincy is a place of fifteen thousand
inhabitants, and we have many applications
for an appropriation for the erection of a cus-
tom-house and post office there. I do not
know what amount of rent the Government
pays.for its buildings there, but it is consid-
erable. Then I think we ought to have a sim-
ilar appropriation for Alton if these appropri-
ations are to be made generally to erect post
offices and custom-houses at places where we
have surveyors and post offices and the cities
are of any considerable importance. There
are two or three such places in the State of
Illinois, and I presume there are others in
other States. If we are to adopt this policy
I should like to know how far it is to go. I
hope the Committee on Finance will allow me
to move an appropriation for a similar build-
ing at Quincy, in the State of Illinois. A mo-
tion was made in the House of Representatives
to insert Quincy; but it was made, I believe,
at a time when it did not receive fair consider-
ation or it would have been put on the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In regard to the mo-
tion I made, I can say to the Senator that Ma-
chias is a port of entry in the State of Maine,
where considerable business is done, and the
only accommodation they have now is an old
wooden building, which is not at all fit for the
purpose, and is not safe in any degree.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Can the Senator from
Maine inform the Senate how much revenue is
collected there?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot from recol-
lection. I know it is not very much, but still
a considerable business is done there. A citi-
zen of that place has offered for a very small
sum to have a custom-house erected. When I
was in the Treasury Department I was con-
sulted about the matter, and I recommended
to Congress the erection of a custom-house at
Machias. I was perfectly satisfied that one
ought to be erected there; and of course, if a
building were erected in that place it might as
well be used for a post office. I supposed the
lower part would do for the post office and the
upper part for the custom-house.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How much of a place
is Machias?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Some seven or eight
thousand inhabitants. The question of a cus-
tom-house does not depend so much on the
number of inhabitants, but the section of coun-
try where it is, whether there is a large popu-
lation around it, &c.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So far as the post office
is concerned, that would be a test.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Government now
has to hire, I believe, a building for a post office
and a building for a custom-house, and neither
is fit for the purpose. A wealthy citizen of
that place, who owns some valuable lots there,
has offered for a very trifling sum in proportion
to its real value to sell to the Government a
lot for this purpose. Undoubtedly, of course,
it will be to the advantage of the rest of his
property. On the strength of that offer and
the recommendation which was made by my-
self two years ago, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has again investigated the matter and sent
us a communication requesting decidedly that
this appropriation may be made. If the Sen-
ator from Illinois, with regard to Quincy or
any other town where business of that sort is
done, will go through the same process, and
get the same recommendations on an examin-
ation of the whole subject-matter from the
proper authorities it will undoubtedly be pro-
vided for. It was not moved at the instance
of the Committee on Finance; I knew nothing
about it until the papers were sent to me from
the Department, and the committee on invest-
igation were so well satisfied about it that
they authorized the thing to be done as proper
and as a real saving to the Government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not particularly
objecting to that appropriation or to the one
moved by the Senator from Oregon, because I
am not particularly advised in regard to either
of them. My colleague in the House, who rep-
resents the Quincy district, made a motion to
have an appropriation for the erection of a ens-
