1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1227
In addition to this large outlay, it% the opinion
ot competent engineers that the time requisite for
the completion at this locality of a yard such as is
contemplated would bo from eight to ten years."
That is the description of this locality, first
by the board of officers selected by the Secre-
tary of the Navy,, composing some of as re-
spectable officers in the line of the Navy as
any belonging to the service—some scientific
men and some engineers ; the other, the re-
port of the Naval Committee of the House of
Representatives, who went upon the ground
and made, as I have before stated, a personal
examination of the locality ; and I think such
a series of testimony as this will not be disre-
garded by this Senate. I certainly hope not.
I believe, then, Mr. President, that I have
established, as I trust by satisfactory evidence,
the first proposition I laid down, which was
that it will cost more money to prepare prop-
erly League Island for a naval station and
depot than to construct and complete all the
necessary works for such an establishment at
a fit and eligible site. I can show a calcula-
tion made oil apparently a mathematical basis
showing the cost of filling this island to be over
twenty million dollars. The other proposition
was_that when completed it is a most unfit and
ineligible site for the purpose contemplated,
the objections to it being permanent and fatal.
A few words now upon that proposition.
Supposing the amount necessary to prepare
the place for a naval station to have been ex-
perided and the structures completed, what
then is the character of the locality for a navy-
yard? One objection, and a very strong one
as it seems to me, is that this is a most un-
healthy locality. A situation on the Delaware
river, below Philadelphia, on the marshes and
islands created by dredging the river, and
piling up mud, must inevitably bo unhealthy;
and the evidence on that subject is perfectly
conclusive. Such localities are not fit for hu-
man habitations. Intermittent fevers, fever,
and ague, and the usual complaints generated
by the malaria arising from marshes and from
fiie mud left bare at low .tide are prevalent
there, especially during the season of late sum-
mer and autumn. This, in my opinion, is the
reason why the city of Philadelphia has not
extended itself in the direction of this island.
The city of Philadelphia has been increasing
in population, in wealth, in manufactures, in
the arts, in all which constitutes a great eity
for many years, and has extended itself in
almost every direction with very great rapidity.
Long may it continue to do so. Why, however,
has it not extended in the direction of League
Island, and why are there now some miles of
unoccupied land between the inhabited city of
Philadelphia and League Island? And why
has not League Island been occupied by the
merchants, the business men, the commercial
men of that locality if it were so eligible a site
for commercial purposes ? Why has it remained
a perfect waste as it is this day, a desolation ?
Its unhealthiness is among the causes; people
will not go there and settle so long as the city
can be extended in any other direction; and
it has not extended in this direction for years,
and will not unless a purchase is made by the
Government and works arc erected there which
will compel men to reside there. Now, is il
proper for this Government to make a pur-
chase in a locality, or accept as a gift for a
naval station, a site which is unhealthy, which
people will not seek, and will not inhabit unless
they are compelled to do so ?
In addition to the unhealthiness of this site,
its distance from the sea is a great objection to
it. The House committee say in their report,
from which I have just read, that it is aboutone
hundred miles from the sea. Other gentlemen
here have spoken of it as being between eighty
and one hundred miles from the sea. It seems
to be difficult to fix the precise locality of this
island. I suppose that it is rather a fluctuating
affair; but I had presumed that we could fix its
locality nearerthan the differeneebetween eighty
and one hundred miles from the ocean. The
committee of the House of Representatives say
in what I have read that it is about one hundred
miles from the ocean. Some gentlemen here
have said eighty or a little over eighty miles.
Let it be eighty or one hundred miles, it is too
far. It is exceedingly desirable that our ships
of war, especially of this class, should be
nearer than eighty or one hundred miles to
the main ocean. During the late rebellion,
Mr. President, you and most of the members
of this Senate remember the day of anxiety in
this capital on a certain Sunday, which was
made memorable by the action of the gallant
little Monitor in Hampton Roads with a rebel
frigate. None of lis can have forgotton how
almost every man in this capital held his breath
during that day from apprehension and anxiety.
What would have keen the differertce in the
result as it respects this country, and as
respects the deliberations in this Capitol this
very day, if eight or ten hours of delay had inter-
vened in the arrival of that iron-clad monitor
at Hampton Roads? I will not speculate upon
that matter. I will only say that we all know
that it was a matter looked upon almost as
among the direct interventions of Providence
that that vessel arrived when she did. Had
she arrived a few hours later the fate of our
country and its present condition might be
very different from what they are?
Mr. President, I am not about to indulge in
any speculation as to the future; by no means
do I wish to create any dark cloud of apprehen-
sion to rest upon us; but the idea of building a
Navy supposes that we may have occasion to
use it. If it shall become necessary in the
course of events that the flag of our country
shall be defended upon the ocean, and that our
ports and harbors shall be defended by our
iron-clads, it is all-important that .those ships
should be at hand upon the coast wlfere an
enemy will be found making the attack. If
they are up our rivers hundreds or scores of
miles away it may be quite impossible to get
them to the ocean in time to save a city situated
upon the coast from bombardment and ruin.
Is it wise to place our iron-clad vessels so far
from the coast that it will take a long time to
get them where they maybe needed for the sal-
vation of the Republic ?
In connection with this matter of distance
from the ocean are the obstructions of navi-
gation. The channel of this river between
League Island and the ocean is crooked, and
there are bars and other obstructions to pre-
vent the ascent and descent o-f vessels of any
considerable draught of water; and besides
there is the shallow water. There is not depth
of water at certain times of the tide to take
up very many vessels that it may be important
should be taken to this locality. But little
more than twenty feet of water can be carried
up at any stage of the tide, and not more than
eighteen feet at mean low tide. That is not a
sufficient depth of water to float very many
vessels that we may not only have occasion to
build but to repair; and the idea of having
our naval depot at a station to which our ves-
sels cannot go, and from which they cannot
get to sea, would seem to be as preposterous a
notion as the mind can entertain.
I know the idea is suggested that we must
have this navy-yard located beyond the reach
of attack from the shore, and that it is very
desirable to place it inland so that it will not
be subject to an enemy's attack. That argu-
ment is good within certain limits, but surely
it is not worth while to press it too far; for if
it were carried to the fullest extent we had
better have our naval station at Salt Lake.
There it would be quite out of reach of an
enemy, and our ships could lie there with per-
fect safety ; but they would not, I suppose, be
particularly useful, and it would not be worth
while to make Salt Lake a naval 'station and
depot. Is it worth while to make a naval sta-
tion and depot so far inland that although it is
not positively inaccessible it is accessible only
with difficulty and not accessible with ships of
the size which it may be reasonable to suppose
we shall have occasion to build and to repair ?
In addition to the permanent objections on
account of the distance of League Island from
the ocean, and the difficulty of navigation from
the tortuous character of the channel and the
shallowness of the water during a consider-
able period .of the year, these difficulties are
greatly increased by the freezing of the river
and the accumulations of iee, especially at this
locality. During the present winter there have
been weeks and weeks when the Delaware
river has been closed up by ice, and it is only
within a very few days, if indeed it is yet true,
that vessels can pass between League Island and
the ocean. There has been an entire blockade
of that locality by means of ice for weeks and
weeks during the present winter; and if there
had been occasion to use any iron-clad vessels
belonging to the Navy which were at that point,
I will not say that it was impossible to have
cut them out of the ice and get them to the
ocean, but it must have been attended with
very great delay and very great expense ; and
I am by no means sure that it could have been
accomplished within any such reasonable time
as to have made the vessels available for any
purposes that they might have been called for.
On this subject I refer again to the report
of the House Committee on Naval Affairs, from
which I have before quoted. Previous to
reading, however, what that committee say
in regard to the iee, I will read a few words on
the points I have been commenting on, namely,
the distance from the ocean and the depth of
the water in the channel. The House com-
mittee say on page 6 of their report:
"distance.
" Another disadvantage isitsdistancefromtheocean.
Tho object aimed at is a yard for the repair and con-
struction of iron-clod vessels and laying them up in
ordinary when not in service; but experience has
demonstrated that tho monitor and iron-clad class of
vessels, of all others, most need a clear harbor and a
wide and unobstructed channel. Of all types of ves-
sels they have the foeblest powers of locomotion. They
mind tho helm with difficulty, and are least manage-
ableinnarrowsea-room orinstressofweather. Their
great bulk, their novel construction, their absence of
sails on which to rely, and of spaco for tho crew to
work in, render them peculiarly unmanageable ex-
cept in plain sailing, and under favorable conditions.
Tho committee do notiind that these conditions exist
anywheroin tho Delaware river, and particularly not
in the vicinity of League Island. It is nearly one
hundred miles trom the ocean, up ono of the most
tortuous anddiflicult streams to navigate in tho Uni-
ted Slates. An examination ofthechartoftheCoast
Survey shows tho channel everywhere narrow find
intricate—to be in many placcs obstructed by bars
and shoals from the, Capes to thecify of Philadelphia.
Thercport of the commission before referred to states
that 'large areas of marshes are constantly forming
in the river and near the island itsolf, while tho whole
appearance indicates a rapid accumulation from the
immense deposits of tho Delaware.' From tho hy-
drographic reportof the Coast Survey in 18S1 it appears
that 'since tho last survey there have taken placo
marked changes in the eastern channel abreast of the
upper part of Camden, tho bar from the upper end of
Windmill Island having formed almost to Cooper's
Point. Theshoalformcrlyextendingfarbelow Wind-
milt island appears to have been much cut away.
Important, additions to the wharves aro being mado
along tho Philadelphia front.' * * * *
" 'Thosceondportion of tho resurvey comprised the
river between ItedBank and Billingsport, including
tho bar and the approaches to Fort Mifflin. Changes
have been developed in this vicinity.' * s *
'The third portion of tho river resurveyed was
between Newcastle and Keedy Point, including the
Bulkhead shoal and tho approaches to Fort Dela-
ware. Part of tho shoal between Delaware City, and
Pea Patch Island has been cut away, and important
changes appear to have taken place in tho island.
The small marshy patches known as Goose islands
have disappeared,' in one case the channel having
shifted nearly two miles from its original bod, a.nd
taking plaeo of flats, upon which there were formerly
not more than tiro feet of water.
"Those difficulties in practice have proved so for-
midable thatthoiron-cladsSangamon, Patapseo, and
Lehigh were within tliopast year obliged to be towed
to sea from the present yard, at an expense of $250
per day each, and were two days in getting to the
mouth of tho river—an expense of $500 for the down
trij; of each vessel for thesinglo item of towage alone,
an item which, in the aggregate, would amount in a
singlo year to many thousand dollars."
Then as to the depth of water the committee
say:
"kkpth of water.
" Of a similar nature to the foregoing is the objec-
tion on account of the inadequate depth of water.
This is very obvious upon a careful examination of
the soundings, as indicated by the charts prepared
by the oast survey. Opposite Hog Island, and just
below League island, the channel is very narrow and
shoals to a depth of but eighteen feet at its deepest
point at mean low tide. NTo vessel drawing more
than eighteen feet can pass this point without wait-
