46£
MM CONCESSIONAL- GLOBE.
In a subseqoeat-letter to the same person,
dated October" 15, ■ 1834, he said: ■ r
+>,« f. ■1°uSSTfo,r, th,° innovatingrdoetriries of
the fl{ to^hich I alluded, Permitme to specify
,J* cIai?i on constitutional ground to a share in
the removal as well as appointment of officers is
}6 direct opposition to the.piriform praotico of the
Government from ite commencement. It is clear
_tnat tile innovation would not only vary essentially
toe existing balance of. power, but expose the Exec-
.utive occasionally to-ar-total inaction, and at all
laws3" fatal to tho due execution of the
Lastly; ontMs point I quote from his letter
to Charlps' Francis Adams, dated October 13,
1S$5^ Being, one of the very last letters written
by -him, in -tfhich he said:
-iTfae claims for the,Senate of'a. share- in the ro-
ffioral from office, and forthe Legislature an authority
to regulate its tenure, have had .powerful advocates.
I must still think, however, that the text of the Con-
stitution is best interpreted by reference to the tri-
partite theory of government.to which practice ha-s
conformed, and which so long and uniform a practice
Would seem to haY£ established.
"The face of the Constitution and the journalized
proceedings of the Convention strongly indicate a
. partiality to that theory, then at its zenijth of favor
among the most distinguished commentators On the
organizations of political power. ■ •
* The right of suffrage* the pule-of apportioning
representation, and the mode of appointing to and
•removing from office-are fundamentals in a free Gov-
ernment and ought W be liked by the Constitution,
li alterable by the Legislature.the Government might
.become'the creator of the Constitution of which it is
itself but the creature; and if the large States could
be reconciled to an augmentation of power in the
foenate, constructed and endowed as that branch of
tne- Government is, a veto on removals from office
would at all times be worse than inconvenient in its
operation, and in party times might,by throwing the
executive machinery out of gear, produce a calami-
tous interregnum.
# *' In making these"remarks I am not unaware that
in a country wide and expanding as ours is, and in
the, anxiety to convey information to the door of
every citizen, an unforeseen multiplication of officers
may-add a weight to the'executive scale, disturbing
the equilibrium of the Government. I should, there?-
,lore, see with pleasure & guard against ,the evil by
Whatever regulations havingthat effect may be within
the scope of legislative'.power: or, if necessary, even
by.an amendment to the Constitution, when a lucid
interval of party excitement shall invite the exper-
iment."
But it was not formally proposed in 1834
that the concurrence of the Senate in removals
should be required, although a proDOsition to
that effect was mentioned. The debate was
mainly upon a proposition that in case of re-
movals'from office by the President he should
report his reasons to the Senate. The power
in his hands was to be left undisturbed, entire
and without limitation. But the question was
never pressed to a vote, although the Senate
was politically opposed to the President, and
much feeling existed with the majority regard-
ing removals which had been made.
That the power of appointment is with the
President will appear from considering par-
ticular clauses of the Constitution. The sec-
ond article declares " that the executive power
shall be vested in the President of the United
States." By the second section " he shall nom-
inate, and by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate shall appoint, all officers of the
United States" except such " inferior officers"
as Congress may think proper to be appointed
" by the President alone, by the courts of law,
and by the heads of Departments." Further,
" he shall have power to fill up all vacancies
that may happen during ,the recess of the
Senate by granting commissions which shall
expire at the end of their next session." By
the third section of the same article, it is pro-
vided, that " he shall take care that the laws
be faithfully executed and shall commission
all officers of the United States."
Thus it appears that the general mass of
• executive powers is vested in the President,
including the power of appointment to office
and the- commissioning of offices appointed,
.and he is charged with the duty of taking care
that the laws be duly executed, which has
particular roference, as-1 understand the in-
junction, to his control or influence over the
officers of his department or branch of the
Government. And although laws- may- be en-
acted for the appointment of certain inferior
officers by the heads of Departments, his eon-
Januaiy 15,
trOl or influence is preserved, as to them, by
his selection of the heads of Departments who
appoint' them. For particular' reasons, how-
ever, not affecting the general argument, cer-
tain officials may be selected or appointed by
the legislative and judicial departments. Each
House of Congress may select their'own offi-
cers necessary to the transaction of their busi-
ness, and the officers so selected are not con-
sidered to be " officers of the United States"
within the language of the Constitution, but
simply officers of each House. So subordinate
officers of the courts may by law'be madeiap-
pointable by the courts in which they serve,
and the President wil>" have but a slight or
remote influence over them. For although he
appoints the judges, the judicial tenure is
during good behavior and the judges cannot
be removed by him. Excepting, however,
these two classes of subordinate officers in
other departments of the Government beside
his own, his power of appointment' extends
directly or indirectly to every officer of the
United States at home and abroad. It is a
great and extensive power and is appropri-
ately placed in his hands as the executive head
of the Government.
But this power' is subjected to' an important
check ill- that provision' of the Constitution
which requires the advice and consent of the
Senate to all appointments except the subor-
dinate ones before mentioned. He must in all
other cases obtain senatorial assent before
appointing and commissioning an officer, unless
in case of vacancy during a recess of the Sen-
ate. I do-not understand the act of the Sen-
ate-in advising and consenting to a nomination
to be in- any sense an act of appointment. It is
simply a permission and recommendation that
the appointment shall be made, and1 the actual
appointment and' the issuing of a commission
to the person appointed, acts executive in their
nature, are performed by the President alone.
The advice and consent of the Senate does
not compel him to make an appointment: ft
is simply a prerequisite to his exercise of the
power and no part of the power itself.
Such appearing' t<f be, upon examination,
an exact and just-description of the' nature and
effects of senatorial advice and consent in cases
of proposed appointment to office, we are pre-
pared to go on to the main question involved
in this debate, which is the question of re-
movals.
_ Iftaust be manifest to every man of reflec-
tion that in any constitution of government
there must be provision made for dismissing
criminal and incompetent persons from the
public service. For without this power it would
be impossible to preserve the Government from
corruption and imbecility. Oux ancestors were
not so foolish as to overlook this great neces-
sity, this indispensable requisite, for rendering
their work complete. Having established the
great departments ofthe Government, they con-
ferred upon each all the powers necessary to
its successful action. The question with which
we are now concerned is, what provision did
they make for removals from office—for reliev-
ing the public service, when necessary, from
incompetent and vicious men? The answer to
this question is given in part by the fourth
section of the second article of the Constitu-
tion, which provides that—-
"The President, Vice President, and all civil
officers of the United States shall bo removed from
office upon impcaclimont for and conviction of trea-
son, bribery, or other high Crimea and misdomean-
ors. '
By the third section of the first article the
Senate has the sole power to try all impeach-
ments, which are to be preferred before it by
the House of Representatives, and in case
of conviction the judgment shall not extend
further than to removal from office and dis-
qualification to hold or enjoy any office of
honor, trust, or profit under the United States.
The members of the Senate are to sit under
oath, and a two-thirds vote is required for a
judgment of condemnation. This remedy for
officialmisconduet is certainly extensive in in-
cluding all civil officers of the United States,
but it can be invoked only in case 0 f criminal
conduct of a high order of enormity, and is
utterly inadequate to the ordinary demandsof
the public service. As to Sena'tors and Rep-
resentatives in Congress, who are not liable to
impeachment, they can be removed from their
offices by two-thirds votes of the respective
Houses to which they belong. Military and
naval officers are also excluded from the im-
peachment power for reasons which need not
now be investigated.
Manifestly also the Congress- of the United
States, by virtue of its general legislative powers,
may in ccrtain cases prescribe the punishment
of removal from office and disqualifications for
holdiiig office, in case of conviction of crime
in the courts of the United States. But none
of these remedies, important as they are, and
necessary to the working of our constitutional
system, are sufficient as a check to official' de-
linquency. They are inadequate to seeure
integrity and efficiency in the administration of
the Government, to guard against the innu-
merable abuses of official life and conduct, and
to retain to republican institutions that degree
of excellence which is necessary to their popu-
larity and perpetuity. And hence the' conces-
sion has commonly been made that a power of
summary removal from office in addition to
those already mentioned must exist somewhere
in the Government, and the debate has been
not so much upon the existence of the power
as upon its particular location. Is it vested in
the President,_ or in the President and Senate,
or is it a floating, unlocated, or latent power,
which may be defined and located or called
into existence by statute law ? These are the
questions to which we may turn our attention,
to which all further debate may be confined.
A strong objection to " advice and consent"
by the Senate to removals from office is the
incompatibility of such function with the sen-
atorial powers of trying "all impeachments
of civil officers of the United States." When
acting upon an impeachment the Senate sits
as a court and its members are nnder oath ;
and the judgment it renders is a judicial judg-
ment^ imposing punishment upon the accused
it guilty, and completely discharging him from
the accusation if innocent. Now, the most
indispensable requisite upon the trial of an
impeachment is, that the Senate shall be im-
partial between the Government and the ac-
cused ; in fact, impartiality is indispensable
above every other qualification to a judicial
tribunal, and the utmost care is to be exer-
cised in constituting such tribunals in order to
secure it.
But if the Senate is to participate in removals
from office, if it is to be consulted and its
judgment taken in cases of proposed removals,
it is manifest that it cannot be an impartial
court for the trial of impeachments. Its char-
acter as an impartial tribunal for judicial pur-
poses will be destroyed.
In exercising a power or function of advice
and consent in questions of removal two classes
of cases will arise: first, those where the Sen-
ate will advise and consent to a removal; and
second, those where their assent will be re-
fused. Let us examine each of these classes in
the order mentioned. First, where the Senate
upon investigating complaints against a public
officer shall be of opinion that the charges are
sustained and shall thereupon advise and con-
sent to his removal, the President still may not
remove the officer. The preliminary consent
of the Senate will not compel, bst only permit
him to remove. He may change his opinion
either upon new evidence presented to him or
by reason of fqller reflection upon the case, or,
pending the proceeding, a new President may
come into office who may disagree in opinion
with his predecessor. If for any cause the
officer shall not be removed by the President,
the House of Representatives may impeach
the officer and bring him to the bar of the
Senate for trial. But the Senate has already
disqualified itself from trying the caso as an
