1228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
in* for a rise of tide. 'Near Cherry flats, and opposite
Wilmington, tho ehunnel draws but nineteen and a
half foot, Below Newcastle, and in the neighborhood
of the Pea Patch Islands, the channel has shifted
from the oast to the west side of the island, and in
*s many as three places shoals to nineteen and a
.half feet. Twenty-five to thirty miles below New-
castle it again shoals to twenty-one feet. Xhe com-
mittee regard this as an almost insuperable objection
•to the Delaware for n. great naval station. "We have
r&lready more than nineteen vessels in our Navy which
draw twenty feet of water and over, and some of these
are the UnCst and most formidabio in the American
Navy; among them may be mentioned the Minnesota,
Heanoke, Powhatan, Niagara, Wabash, Colorado,
^Susquehanna, Puritan, Decatur, andDundcrburg, of
the steamer class, which drawlrom twenty to twenty-
•'threc feet of water, while some of the ships of the line
draw from twenty-three to twenty-five feet.
" Wo arc upon the threshold of anew erain naval
architecture. No one can tell what tho exigencies
of the coming years-may call for in the size and
draught of naval vessels. The boasted iron-clads of
England, tho Minotaur, tho Agmcourt, the North-
umberland, and Black Warrior draw twenty-five feet
<six inches. The French LaGloire, Normandy, and
others, nearly twenty-six feet. AndthesePowersare
now deepening their docks and constructing new
ones for the purpose of receiving vessels drawing
twcnty-.«ix feet of water.
"In this connection tho statement of one of the
first naval constructors of tho Government, Mr.
Delano, of the Brooklyn yard, was laid before us:
'Tliatit wasindispensable, to make any naval station
first class, to have a dopth of at least twenty-five feet
of water at low tide.'
41 Your committee cannot believe itconsistent with
t a prudent regard to tho future efficiency of the Navy
to establish for all time the great na.val yard and :
depot of the country at a point to which vessels of
a greater draught than eighteen feet cannot got, and
from which they eouldnot get to sea except in certain
stages of tho tide. And the nation might find reason
to regret the acceptance of the'munificent gift' in
caso a fleet chased by a superior force of tho enemy
should bo unablo to reaoh its rendezvous in tho Del-
aware or put to sea from thenoo atshortnoticewhen
its presence might bo necessary at any other point
threatened."
Then, as to the ice, the House committee say:
"ICR.
"In addition to the objections already considered is
the damage and obstruction to navigation occasioned
by ice, fait and floating, in thowinterseason, which,
according to statements submitted to thocommittco,
is a very formidable, if not insupcrablo, objection to
the Delaware. The e^idcnco upon this point comes
from such a variety of sources, and upon authority
so rcliablo, that it can hardly bo discredited. It is
very strongly stated by tho commission appointed by
the Socretary. Tho officers of the Atlantic Insurance
Company, Now \ork, stato that 'the premium on
risks to Philadelphia, is increased during the winter
months one hundred per cent, sololy in consequence
oflho increased datnago from ico in the Dolawaro.'
Admiral Oicgory testifies to having noarly lost the
frigate haritan there from that cause. And proof
was submitted .showing that tho local offices atPhila-
aclphia excepted tho ice risk m their ordinary poli-
cies, sometimes declined to tako it entirely, and al-
ways charged an extra premium for as«umm« it. A
long list of vessels was also submitted from the
marine oflicc&of Philadelphia, which had been cut
through or destroyed by ice in tho Delaware bay and
nycr withm tho past few years. And wbilothccom-
tmttco were investigating this subject, tho United
btatcs gunboat Oalena, ordered to join Admiral Far-
ragut s licet, m getting to sea from Philadelphia
was so badly injured by tho ice that she was towed
to Baltimore, where she was detained a month for
repairs, winch cost thoUovemmcnt sovcral thousand
dollars, hor voyage broken up at a time when her
services were greatly needed by tho country. Itwas
also shown that thcPennsyivunialtailroad Company
had caused a survey to bo made of League Island,
with a view to adopting it as their depot for coal,
and that it was finally abandoned after a report of
their engineer, an extract from which the committee
herewith submit as of very high authority."
Before reading that extract I will take leave
to say that I suppose the Senate, in determin-
ing on a locality for a navy-yard and naval
depot, will be governed in their action for the
Country by at least as high considerations as
would control them in acting for themselves
m their own business, and that any standard
lower than that would be beneath us as legis-
lators. Surely we will not select a spot which
a business mau of sagacity and good judgment
would not^ selector the same purpose if it,
were a business of his own to bo accomplished,
Ivowwe have the benefit of an examination
of this locality, not, it is true, for a navy-yard
and lundl station, but for business purposes of
a comuieicia! and mercantile character, in-
volving precisely the same interests and the
same questions that are involved when we are
considering whether to fix upon this as a naval
station, aod that not by an individual or a com-
pany of individuals at all prejudiced against
this locality or who had any interest adverse
to the locality, but by company peculiarly
desirous, as we liave every reason for believ-
ing, of building up the city of Philadelphia
and adding to its already great wealth and
great prosperity. This was the Pennsylvania
Railroad Company, who thought of using this
place as a depot for their coal, and I repeat it
involved almost identically the same questions
for a private enterprise that are now involved
in the inquiry whether we shall talse this island
for a public purpose. Tbey had a survey of the
island by their engineer to eleftermine whether
it was a proper site for the purpose contem-
plated, and I read from his report;
"Itrust that it may not be considered as overstep-
ping the limits of the question intrusted to me if a
few remarks bearing upon the navigation of the
river during the winter season be presented as a
£oint of great moment in comparing the sites at
eague Island with the Point House, and those
immediately above it.
"You will perceive that the face of League Island
is subjected to the full force of tho flood tide from the
long reach in the river, extending southwestwardly,
the effect of which has been, as represented by the
statements of tfiose most familiar with our river and
its winds, currents, and bars, to j>ile up the drifting
ice upon tho entire island shore-line; and, indeed, I
have before me evidence to the effect that in all
times of obstruction by ico vessels can bo brought
with much Je5S difficulty through the Horseshoe
channel than to League Island. It may be stated
that an ioe guard could be constructed that would
relieve the front from the driving ice of the flood
tide, but the effect of such break-water would be to
cause deposits within the surface affected, thus sub-
jecting you to a continued and heavy expenditure
for dredging."
This is signed by '' Strickland Kneass, civil
engineer." This was some time ago, and
League Island is still a waste and a desolation,
and unless it can be palmed off upon the Gov-
ernment it will never be anything other than
a waste and desolation, unless indeed the local-
ity around Philadelphia should increase with
such'wonderful rapidity and spread over all
the surrounding surface to such an exteut that
as a matter of necessity this mud flat shall be
elevated to make a place, such as it wiil make,
for human beings to live upon. «
I think, then, Mr. President, that I establish
the second proposition which I laid down, and
that is, that after this place has been prepared
for a naval station, after the works have been
completed at this point, it is still a most unfit
and ineligible place. Jf these two propositions
are true; first, that it will cost more money to
prepare it than it will to construct and com-
plete these works elsewhere; and second, that
when completed it is a most unfit and ineligi-
ble place, ought we to take it? Both tho prop-
ositions 1 certainly substantiate by evidence of
as high authority as can be produced in the
Senate.
It seems to me the authority is unquestion-
able, conclusive: and in that state of facts,
that the proposition of accepting this island
for this purposs should ever be entertained
seriously is most strange.
The idea that the honorable Senator from
Indiana suggests, that these public works are
to be distributed over the country and are not
to be confined to any one locality, is very well
if you apply the principle to proper eases; but
if you apply the principle to this question of
navy-yards I repudiate the notion altogether.
The idea that any section of the country is
entitled to have a navy-yard for the benefit of
the locality I look upon as a monstrous fallacy.
Are we to select a site for a naval station for
the benefit of a locality? The idea will not
bear consideration for a moment. At all events,
I scout and scorn the notion that we are to
select a naval station on the ground of benefit,
or of a debt due, if you please, to the locality.
Let the public works of the country, that may
almost as well be in one locality as another,
befairly distributed over the country. If there
be any advantage in having them in particular
localities, give the different sections of the
country the benefit of such establishments.
I hat is fair, just, and equal; but the idea that
we are to select a naval station on any such
ground as that'is not to be endured. We are
to select a naval station where nature has pro-
vided the best place for it; a,nd if all our naval
Stations are then thrown into one corner of the
Union, if that is the best place, there tliey
ought to be. The idea of spreading them for
the benefit of localities, when the public ser-
vice requires them to be elsewhere, is neither
patriotic nor wise.
I know it is suggested that New England has
Several naval stations. IF she has more than
the country requires, abolish them; and if it
be shown here, while I ha've a seat in the body,
that any one of the naval stations or navy-
yards in New England is not required by the
wants of'the Government, I will vote to abol-
ish it. I will continue by my vote no naval
station in any section of the country merely
for the benefit of the section. If the country
does not want it, abolish it. I am not asking,
and do not ask, that this navy-yard be located
in one place or in another on the ground of
preference for a section or advantage to a sec-
tion. If Philadelphia is the best place for all
the navy-yards in the country, let them all be
there.' If New- York is the best place, let them
be there. If Washington, if Norfolk, if Bruns-
wick, if any other locality is the best, let the
selection be made, and there let it be. The
amendment of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, which is now under considera-
tion, proposes that this be done ; that the board
of gentlemen named in the amendment shall
make a selection of a suitable place.
I am sorry that gentlemen speak of the fact
that there are no- navy-yards in the middle
States, or no navy-yards in the southern States,
or no navy-yards in the northern States, or no
navy-yards in the western States. That is not
an idea which we should encourage here. The
question is, in the first place, does the coun-
try want a navy-yard at all; and if it does not,
no matter how many good places there may be
for one, none should be built. If the country
does need a navy-yard, then the question is,
where is the best place. Ascertaining that, the
question- is answered, and it is not answered
by saying that there are other sections of the
country that arc patriotic that have not got
any navy-yards. We do not build navy-yards
as a reward for patriotism, or at least we
should not. We should not be called on to
make a selection, on the ground of the patri-
otic character of the people, but because of
tho natural advantages of the spot, and that
question is easily determined by men of skill.
The other is a question which will always be
very difficult of solution.
The western States have no navy-yards.
There is no navy-yard in the State of the hou-
orablc Senator from Indiana, a most patriotic
State, a State having done as much in this war
to save the country, to perpetuate our liberty
and our Constitution as any other State in it.
She did nobly and gallantly, but ought wo to
go and build a navy-yard in Indiana on that
account? Tho Atlantic ocean happens to lie on
the coast of New England and New York and on
the border down to Cape Florida, and does not
wash the shores of Indiana. I suppose we must
have our ships built where they can be used.
The idea that we are to distribute the building
of them elsewhere according to the advantage
that it may be to the people is an idea which I
wish to wash my hands of altogether.
Now, as it respects the best location, I by
no means undertake at present to say what the
best location is. I only say, that from the evi-
dence which I think I have adduced here, it is
very clear that League Island is not only not
the best location, but it is wholly unfit as a
location; and if there are no other or better
places—no, I will not make that supposition,
because it is preposterous : but I was goin°" to
say that if there are no other and no better
places we had better have no navy-yard at all.
But, sir, there are other and better sites. There
is no question upon that subject. This very
city of Washington is on a noble river. We
have a navy-yard here almost within call from
the roof of the_ Capitol, a station that, so far
as fresh water is concerned, and so far as all
tne advantages which are claimed for League
Island are conccrned, greatly surpasses League
island. Some of the objections to it are of
