1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1905
ture or of taking care of agricultural matters
in the country particularly. After a very
strenuous opposition, however, the original
appropriation of $1,000 was made; and I be-
lieve it was then foretold that the result would
be that the thing would grow up into a Depart-
ment, a notion which struck everybody with
surprise at the time.
When this Department was established it was
on the express statement that all which was
designed by it was to give character to the
agricultural interests as connected with the
Government. It was said that the name of a
Department was wanted. It was not to cost
any more than the usual appropriations then
made; $70,000 a year was to cover the whole
expense. That assurance was given very
decidedly by gentlemen who were in favor of
the proposition. I believe I prophesied then
that it would grow regularly every year until
it got to be one of the great institutions of
the nation ; perhaps it ought to be. That is
for Congress to decide. I think the very next
year after the Department was established
the amount asked for under the direction of
the present able and learned head of that in-
stitution was $150,000; and it has stood at
that, or something about that sum, since that
time. It has grown up to have a chemical
department and several learned professors
connected with it, some in the investigation
of one branch of agricultural science and some
in the investigation of another. The last prop-
osition, I believe, was to make four or five
new professorships in connection with it.
Congress, however, did not quite indulge that
idea at the time.
Now, it is found, and it is unquestionably
true, that this Department is encroaching very
much upon the Department of the Interior,
and more room must be provided for it. We
have hired some buildings for that purpose;
and we have at last come to this point, that a
Department building is to be erected costing us,
it is said, $100,000; but I take it that is merely
a beginning. Senators do not know that that
is going to cover the cost, and it has never been
found that the first appropriation covered, or
began to cover the expenses of a public build-
ing here.
Mr. WILSON. I am told the building can
be completed by the 1st of December for that
sum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly the Sen-
ator is told so. Perhaps it will grow up like a
fairy palace, in the night, under the direction
of Sir Isaac and others connected with the
matter. Now, 1 have simply to say that if
this were to be considered the beginning of the
end it would be something; but the result
must inevitably be that we shall have a vast
mass of buildings, and the Government will be
committed irrevocably—because there is no
backward step in this progress—to a large
Agricultural Department of the Government,
involving very great expense.
Sir, I should not regret this if I were satis-
fied that it was to do much good; but I have
never yet been able to believe that any good
was to be accomplished by making a Depart-
ment here to attend to matters which are a
great deal better taken care of at home. We
are about to establish a department of edu-
cation. I believe it will do no good. I
believe it will do harm. I believe it will
simply stand in the way of the efforts which
have hitherto been made by the States to con-
duct educational matters; and that by degrees
those efforts will slack; the burden will be
attempted to be thrown upon the General Gov-
ernment of making large appropriations for
educational purposes; that they will not be
half as well conducted as they are now when
the persons immediately interested have the
control of them under the systems adopted in
the different States. It will not be five years
before we have a proposition to erect a build-
ing on some reservation or other to accommo-
date the department of education, and we
shall have a large establishment, I suppose, in
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 120,
the shape of a normal school for the education
of teachers, &c.
I deem it my duty to state these things to
the Senate. Experience has shown me that
it is almost, if not quite, impossible to resist
with any effect the current that seems to be
setting in the direction of absorbing all pow-
ers into the hands of the General Govern-
ment. I am not much of a State rights man,
and I never was, but I think our country dif-
fers very much from other countries in the
fact that it is made up of States, a congrega-
tion of States, which have been in the habit
of considering that they had some duties to
perform under our system, which distinguishes
us pretty much from all other nations. I
dread this course of legislation; but all I can
do ia to express my fear of it and my dissent
from its wisdom. The Senate of course will
do as they please.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that the
building to be erected according to the plan is
to be a plain brick building, and it is believed
it can be built for the amount of this appropri-
ation between now and the close of tne year.
The intention is to have it ready by December
next. It will be a beautiful building.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On paper.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, on paper; the plan is
here. I hope we shall come to a vote.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds to offer
this amendment, to come in in line four hun-
dred and ten of section one:
For the removal of the foot-bridso on Maine ave-
nue, now of no further use at that point, to Third
street west, which the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings is hereby directed to have done, $300.
To complete the culvert through the Botanic Gar-
den, $15,000,
I will state 
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no objection
to the amendment.
Mr. BROWN. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I offer the following amend-
ment as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That the sum of $75,000
be, and the same hereby is, appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated
for the completion of public buildings in the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico: said sum to be expended by
the Govornor of that Territory, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a large sum.
Mr. WADE. Not larger than they gener-
ally have. Buildings have been commenced
there, but they are in such a condition that
they seem to be going to decay, as it is repre-
sented to us, and it is absolutely necessary
either to give them up or complete them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
from the Senator where the estimate of the
cost of these buildings comes from ?
Mr. WADE. There has never been an esti-
mate of the cost that I know of. There never
has been any in such cases that I know of.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we have not
been in the habit of appropriating over
$20,000 for territorial buildings.
Mr. WADE. Yes we have. This is to com-
plete the buildings, and they have already had
several thousand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They must cost more
than the public buildings in the States, then.
Mr. WADE. This ia to complete the public
buildings in New Mexico, and I presume this
amount will not be more Man enough for that
purpose. That is the information the Com-
mittee on Territories had. There was no infor-
mation from the Department, and there never
is any that I am aware of in regard to these
Mr. JESSENDEN. There always should be.
Mr. WADE. I think the Departments are
not in the habit of estimating for these things.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Invariably.
Mr. WADE. The amount appropriated in
the different Territories for public buildings,
jails, State houses, Ac., has been in some cases
$40,000, and in some cases $50,000, and in
others $60,000. I suppose these buildings are
necessary in all the Territories. The committee
came to that conclusion, but if the Senate think
differently, be it so. I have discharged my duty
in bringing the proposition forward.
Mr. JOHNSON. Permit me to ask the
honorable member how he got at the amount
named in his amendment?
Mr. WADE. We got the amount from the
resolutions from the Legislative Assembly and
from various other sources, not very authentic
or official, I agree, but such information as we
could pick up. I have never known a case
where there has been an estimate from a De-
partment as to the cost of public buildings in
a Territory before we made an appropriation
for them. Different sums have been appropri-
ated in different Territories. This is ratner
larger than most of the Territories have ex-
pended ; but it seems they have begun a very
large building there, and left it in an unfin-
ished and dilapidated state. They have no
State house for the Legislative Assembly to
meet in. They have, as they represent, one
of the oldest buildings on the continent which
they use, built originally for a temple or a
cathedral, or something of that kind. It is
represented as being in a very dilapidated state,
and it will cost a large sum to repair it and to
make it comfortable for the transaction of busi-
ness. This sum is to finish up that building
and to complete their prison. It was repre-
sented to the Committee on Territories in such
a shape that we could not doubt the propriety
of the appropriation for this purpose.
Mr. GRIMES. Permit me to inquire.of the
Senator whether it is the usual practice for the
Government of the United States to build jails
for the Territories.
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir; prisons are always
built in the Territories.
Mr. GRIMES. Penitentiaries.
Mr. WADE. I call it a jail; you may call
it a penitentiary if you please. It is a place to
put prisoners in.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Ten years ago this sum-
mer I was at Santa F6 and saw the buildings
there used as public buildings. The building
which is used mainly is older I presume than
any building in the city of Philadelphia, called
the palace of justice, built at a very early day
by the Spaniards, built in the manner in which
buildings in that country are built, of adobe
bricks. It is a pretty large building, and is
occupied by the various territorial officers, and
the Senate and the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory meet there. It is not such a building
as would be regarded as very desirable in mod-
ern times. Besides that, there are standing out-
side some considerable distance from this the
walls of a building which was intended to be
erected for the Territory by the Government
of the United States. I understand an appro-
priation was once made for it, and the walls of
the building were erected; but it stands in that
condition unfinished, as it has stood I suppose
for ten years. For some reason or other, I
think, because somebody connected with the
affair misappropriated the money, the building
was not completed; and the thing is in such a
condition that I think the honorable Senator
from Ohio would desire to have some detailed
estimates before he could form a judgment as
to what would be necessary to be appropriated
to finish that building. The amount is alto-
gether uncertain unless there be some esti-
mates from competent authority.
Mr. WADE. I do not know where we could
get any estimates on such a subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. From the Secretary
of the Interior.
Mr. WADE. The amendment provides that
the money is to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior. I sup-
pose he could take means of doing it which
would satisfy him that the money was prop-
erly expended. I have no objection to put-
ting any proper restriction on him that the
Senator may propose; but I think this propo-
sition is in the form of the appropriations
