1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®,
the same character, particularly its distance
from the sea; but the objections on account
of ice and depth of water are much less here.
There is no difficulty about this locality; it is
all prepared, and a very little additional ex-
pense would make the navy-yard at Wash-
ington perfectly fit and proper for the purpose
contemplated. There are many other points
on the Chesapeake bay eligible, desirable, and
proper for the location of a yard of this
description.
Then, again, in the State of'the honorable
Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Cattell] there
are no doubt many excellent points, and I am
sorry that that honorable Senator has his eyes
so strongly fixed on Philadelphia that he can-
not look behind him over his State of New
Jersey and see the niany attractive points in
that State, far superior to League Island in all
the advantages which nature holds out for the
location of a navy-yard. So, again, in the
waters of the Hudson unquestionably there are
points greatly superior to League Island. New
London, of course, from my situation, I should
not be apt to forget or overlook. I may, per-
haps, be greatly prejudiced in favor of New
London. I may think that the advantages of
that location are greater than they really are.
That is quite possible. Every Senator, I pre-
sume, is conscious of feeling somewhat more
interested in his own home, the locality to
which he belongs, than he does in other local-
ities. And I am by no means so weak as to
suppose that my impressions in regard to that
locality must necessarily be exactly correct in
all respects. I only say that it is entitled to
have a fair hearing, a fair examination; and
if its advantages are superior, quite paramount
to those of any other site, I do insist that it
should not be overlooked.
The only advantage talked about which is
worthy of consideration at League Island, as
compared with New London, is in the matter
of fresh water and in having a supply of iron
and coal nearer at hand than New London.
So far as fresh water is concerned, by the ex-
penditure of a very small amount in compari-
son with what will be required at League Isl-
and a cove of fresh water can be prepared a
few miles above the city of New London, into
which vessels can be raised by means of a lock
and kept in a large basin of fresh water of one
hundred or more acres, perfectly safe and in
perfectly still, quiet water at all seasons of the
year, and that perfectly pure and fresh. At
that locality a vessel could get into the ocean
in the course of an hour's time at any season
of the year without obstruction and without
difficulty. I have a little map in my hand,
which has been prepared by a very competent
engineer, showing the locality and the situa-
tion, which, if members will take the trouble
to look at, they will see that by an expenditure
of money greatly less than will be required at
League Island perfectly pure, fresh water will
be obtained, and a basin for these vessels^to
lie in incomparably superior to anything which
is talked about at League Island. Then, in
connection with this same basin of fresh water
dry docks can bo prepared into which vessels
can readily pass by their own gravity; here
they may be built and pass out in the same
manner, not subjecting them to the strain which
they are always subjected to when they are
launched, if launched in the ordinary way.
Thus great expense and great risk will bo
saved. All this, I say, is perfectly within
reach at New London, at an expense of some
money, no doubt, but greatly less than the
expense to be incurred at League Island be-
fore one single stone or one timber can be
laid down for the erection of the necessary
structures.
I trust, then, Mr. President, having taxed
the patience of the Senate longer than I had
intended, that I have at least shown what I
attempted to show; in the first place, that the
expense of preparing League Island for a
naval station and depot is altogether too great
for the country to incur; and in the next place,
that after the site has been prepared and the
works completed, it will not be a fit and proper
place for the vessels of the United States
engaged in the nayal service.
The amendment of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts does not propose even any
delay in this enterprise. I have thought that
perhaps some gentleman might object to it on
the ground that we have been discussing this
subject for some time and it is necessary that
action should be taken, and that this amend-
ment looks to delay. It is not obnoxious to
that objection, ft looks no more to delay than
the bill before us does. The bill before us
looks to delay to the extent of an examina-
tion. It provides:
That the said League Island, marsh adjacent, and
Baek Channel, with its shores as aforesaid, shall not
bo received or accepted until the title to tho whole of
the same, a? heroin described, is complete and inde-
feasible, nor unless tho acceptance thereof shall bo
recommended by a board of officers to be appointed
by tho President.
So there is to bo an examination and recom-
mendation of this site by a board of officers
appointed by the President of the United
States._ There is nothing, therefore, in the
proposition of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts which will delay action on this
subject except that it may be said it will take
a few days longer to examine Several sites than
it will to examine one site. That is all the
delay there can be, and I ask whether that
ought to be an objection to the amendment.
If League Island is to be examined, ought not
the other sites be examined also, and to have
the benefit of the opinion of tho board in regard
to their comparative merits? Is there any con-
ceivable objection to that? If League island
is so superior, will not the officers who are ap-
pointed say so and make a short end of the
matter ? Will it not. be better that there should
be a delay of a few days or a few weeks oven
and have the whole subject examined, rather
than the delay necessary to have only one loca-
tion examined? I submit tho matter, believ-
ing it will be for the best interest of the coun-
try that this amendment should be adopted
and the examination made.
Mr. GIMMES. Mr. President, a few years
ago, when this subject, was under consideration,
I expressed at considerable length tho opinions
I entertain upon it, and I am aware that if I
were to attempt to do so again I should simply
repeat what I then said. I shall therefore
content myself on this occasion with a very
brief statement of the ease, as I understand it.
The Senator from Connecticut commenced
his address to the Senate by expressing his
extreme surprise that the Committee on Naval
Affairs had leported so important a measure
as this without accompanying the bill with a
written report. This question has been before
the Senate for four or five years. I supposed
there was hardly any one who was not pretty
familiar with its merits, and who had not
already in a great degree made up his mind
on the subject. Reports have been made in
the House of Representatives for and against
this measure. I wish the Senator to remember
that, although he read from an adverse report
made by the Naval Committee of the House,
yet, at a subsequent session, that committee,
composed I think of seven of the same mem-
bers who constituted the committee that made
the report from which he has read, reported
the identical bill which is now under consid-
eration in the Senate.
But if he was surprised at the Senate Com-
mittee onNaval Affairs reportingthis bill with-
out accompanying it with a written report,
after the discussions that have been had in the
Senate, after we had been enlightened by the
eloquence and astuteness of the Senator him-
self in opposition to League Island, I should
think it much more remarkable that we should
be called upon now to vote for the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts
without any basis upon which to predicate it.
What is this amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts which we are now called upon
first to vote on ?
That Admiral David G.Farragut, Lieutenant Gen-
eral AY. T. Sherman, and Mr. J, B.Hilgard be, and
they are_ hereby, appointed and constituted a com-
mission to select a suitable sito 00 or adjacent to tire
Atlantic coast for a nayal station for tho storage and
repair and buildiftgof iron vessels and iron-clad, ve®**
sols of the Navy, and for othernaval purposes. And
the Secretary of the Navy is hereby authorized and
empowered to acceptauflh selected site on behalf of
the Onited: States: Pivvided, Tho sameshall becon-
voyedto tho United States as a free gift for their
exctusivo use and benefit, by a valid and indefeasible
title. And the Secretary of tho Navy is hereby far-
ther authorised to take possession of and occupy
such site forthopurpososberein indicated, andin the
preparation thereof to use such amount of money ns
may bo necessary oat of any unexpended appropri-
ations-for the Navy,
It is not for me to suggest that such a prop-
osition as this does not evince the highest
degree of statesmanship ; I am not authorized
to say that it is not the wisest thing we could
do; but I am prepared to say that it is the most
extraordinary proposition that has ever come
under the consideration of the Senate since I
have been a member of this body. What does
it propose ? First, to select three men as com-
missioners, only one of whom confessedly
knows anything about nautical matters. Per-
haps neither one of the other tw.o has ever
been within a navy-yard, or has- ever read or
informed himself in" regard to the necessities
ot the naval service. Thqse three men are to
be authorized to select a site on or adjacent to
tho Atlantic coast, without specifying the num-
ber of acres that shall be required, but simply
such a site as in their opinion may be suitable
for naval purposes; and then the amendment
proceeds to authorize the Secretary of the
Navy to expend an unlimited amount of money
in preparing for a navy-yard such a site as
these men may select.
Mr. President, I do not suppose the Senator
from Massachusetts will claim a patent for this
as a specimen of legislation made easy. Was
there over a case where Congress submitted
such extraordinary authority to two men who
were not all familiar with the subject they were
directed to investigate, and then gave the head
of a Department unlimited control over the
Treasury of tho United States? And to do what?
To establish, if they choose, a now yard when
the public service does not require one. Who
has recommended a new yard? Nobody.
Nor will I designate this proposition as a sort
of fishing proposition intended to catch the votes,
of all tho Senators from the Atlantic States,
from the State of Maine down as far as the
State of Georgia, or to catch votes from the
interior of tho continent, because of the desig-
nation of a particular man as one of the com-
missioners. I will not presume that tho Sen-
ator from Massachusetts would be influenced
by any such consideration. Of course he is
governed solely by lofty ideas of patriotism ; I
must suggest, however, to that Senator that this
is an old acquaintance of mine. This same prop
osition, word for word, was submitted to the
Committee ou Naval Affairs for their consider-
ation, and was rejected. The Senator from
Massachusetts has acquired it second-hand.
The Senator from Connecticut seemed to be
extremely surprised and astonished at a pam-
phlet, extracts from which were read by the
Senator from Indiana, and-whicli purported to
be published by a New England man. Was
there anything very extraordinary in the fact
that such a pamphlet was published by some
anonymous person ? Are not such things very
usual? lias not the Senator before read pam-
phlets published by persons who did not choose
to disclosc their names ? I suppose the material
question would be whether or not the truth
was contained in the pamphlet. When my
colleague upon the Committee of Naval Affairs,
the Senator from Indiana, asked the Senator
from Connecticut whether he doubted or denied
the statements of fact contained in the pam-
phlet, the Senator from Connecticut acknow-
ledged that he did not. It cannot be possible that
the Senator from Connecticut wassurprised that
a New England man should extend his vision
beyond tho boundaries of New England, and
see what were the qualities and the capacities
of a tract of land within the jurisdiction of the
State of Pennsylvania for naval purposes.
