THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE;
January 15,
interests distinct, independent from, each other,
acting in this direction, instead of one.. That
•will be the state of the case when the President
and. the majority of the . Senate' disagree in
potitiqal sentiment, the alterative to the other
Case which I mentioned, the case 'when they
will be agreed.
Again, sir, by this.proposed system of sena-
torial advice and co.nse*n.t to removals, the Pres-
ident is jjut in ;th*e attitude of a public prose-
cutor before the'Senate against officers of the
United States whose removal may be desired
by him. . He is put in the position of a prose-
cutor to be sustained by his political friends in
the Senate when they are in a majority, and to
be voted down by his political opponents when
they are in a majority, He is to be strength-
ened and encouraged in the work of proscrip-
tion at one time by his political friends in the
Senate, and. to be deterred froaa, or frustrated
in, the performance of his duty at another time
by his political enemies here. It must be
admitted, then, that the value of this bill as a
check upon political removals has been over-
stated and misconceived; and if the balance
be struck between the good and evil to be
expected from it in regard to political removals
alone, it is not at all certain that the former
will be in excess.
" But let us examine this senatorial "preten-
sion" upon other grounds of expediency and
policy.
In the first place, it transfers power over
removals to a body of men who are less respon-
sible than the President, both to the people
and to the law. The President (notwithstand-
ing the formalities of electors and electoral
colleges) is, in fact, chosen and appointed to
his high office by a popular vote taken through-
out the States of the Union, and must return
his trust to the people at the end of four years,
to be renewed to him, or the renewal withheld
according to their" sovereign pleasure. But
the members of the Senate are chosen by the
State Legislatures, and for six-year terms.
One third only of its members go out biennially,
and in its constitution and character it is a
perpetual body. It is therefore less respon-
sible than the President to the people. But
it is also less responsible to the law, because
its members cannot be impeached,. It was
determined in the case of Senator Blount that
the House of Representatives cannot prefer
articles of impeachment against a member of
the Senate, and that is now an established doc-
trine or rule of constitutional law.
But if the Senate is to be considered a popu-
lar body, though removed in the second degree
from the people, it is such upon a principle of
gross inequality. Three million of population
east of the Hudson have twelve representatives
in the Senate, while seven millions in Pennsyl-
vania and New York have but four. And new
States and small States in other sections of
the Union have power here grossly dispro-
portioned to the populations they contain.
Upon this point of State representation in
the Senate I -say let the Constitution stand as
it is, atvleast let it stand until it shall be regu-
larly amended. As - a legislative body, the
Senate stands intrenched in the Constitution.
But it is now proposed to extend to it (and
in part by its own vote) executive powers of
the most extensive and dangerous character,
never heretofore assumed or exercised by it
during the seventy-seven years since the Gov-
ernment was organized. Will its compara-
tively irresponsible domination over all official
patronags and all executive action be satis-
factory to the people ? Is it expedient by this
measure to invite keen scrutiny into its char-
acter and conduct, and generally into its claims
to the possession of additional, delicate, and
dangerous powers?
In the next place, what effect will be pro-
duced upon the Senate itself by the possession
and exercise of this new_power? Are the offi-
cers of the United States to be the clients of
members of the Senate, as persons'accused at
one stage of Roman history were clients of the
Senators ; their retainers? What eflfect is to be
produced upon the popular politics of the .coun-
try, upon the selection of members of this body
in the different State Legislatures; ay, sir,
upon the purity of this body itself, when it
comes to be connected, and connected inti-
mately, with the innumerable questions con-
cerning the retention of officers in all parts
of the United States; when power is lodged
here with individual members to hold men in
their offices, or to instigate and assent to their
removal by the President? I beg gentlemen to
consider what effect is to bo produced upon the
character of the Senate itself by this new, por-
tentious, unexampled jurisdiction upon which
the Senate has never heretofore ventured to
enter. The Senate has never set up this pre-
tention, at least in any form of practical action,
from the time when it was first denounced and
branded by the father of the Constitution in
the debate of 1789.
Again, consider, sir, the effect of this exec-
utive power lodged in the Senate in another
point of view. It will give to this branch of
the Government domination over the exec-
utive department to an extent never contem-
plated heretofore, and of the effects of which
we are incompetent to form a distinct opinion.
It was well described, perhaps, by one member
of the House of Representatives, in the debate
to which I have referred, when he said that a
provision of this sort—I mean a provision con-
ferring upon the Senate power over removals
from office—would establish it as a two-headed
monster, with a legislative and an executive
head, planted here in the Government, domi-
nating over each of the other two great de-
partments, the President and House, one of
which is united with it in the enactment of
laws, and the other in their enforcement.
Upon every ground, then, upon which I have
examined this measure, it is in my opinion
open to insuperable objections. Instead of a
measure of reform it is one of degeneracy.
Instead of applying in practice a principle of
the Constitution it invades that instrument.
Instead of introducing purity into the Govern-
ment it will be the source and parent of cor-
ruption and of evil. It treats with contempt
the whole past history of this Government and
the decision even of Congress itself upon a
former occasion. It sets precedent at nought,
while on grounds of reason it stands con-
demned, as I have attempted to show, by the
most conclusive and indisputable arguments.
It remains only in the execution of my task
to state clearly the grounds of authority against
this measure. I have stated those of reason
already. The Congress of the United States
assembled on the 4th of March, 1789. In the
Senate a quorum appeared for the first time
on the 1st of April, nearly a month afterward.
On the 19th of May, early in the session, in
the House of Representatives, in Committee
of the Whole House on the State of the
Union, Mr. Madison moved—
"That there shall be established an executive
department to be denominated the Department of
Foreign Affairs, at the head of which there shall be
an officer to be called the Secretary to the Depart-
ment of Foreign Affairs, who shall be appointed by
the President, by and with the consentfof the Senate,
and to be removable by the President."
On the same day, after protracted debate,
Mr. Bland moved to add to the motion the
words "by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate." The question on adding these
words was put and lost. Afterward, on the
same day, the question was taken and carried
by a considerable majority in favor of declar-
ing the power of removal to be in the Presi-
dent ; that is, the motion I have already read
was adopted.
In debate at that time, Mr. Madison said:
"On the constitutionality of the declaration of
presidential power I have no manner of doubt."
Mr. Benson, another member who supported
it, said:
"This clause would bo a mere legislative con-
struction of the Constitution."
Mr. Vikton, another and a leading member
of the House—
"Had no doubt but the Constitution gave this
power to the President; but if doubt were entortained
he thought it prudent to make a legislative declara-
tion of tho sentiments of Congress on this point."
-There were prolonged debates upon this sub-
ject.
" On the 19th of June, on a motion to strike ont the
words 'to be removable by ihe President,' the ques-
tion being taken, the motion was rejected—yeas 20,
nays 31.
" On the 22d of June, Mr. Benson moved to amend
by inserting the words 'whenever the said principal
officer shall be removed from office by the President
of the United States, or in any other case of vacan-
cy.' This was carried—yeas 30, nays 18.
"Then, the words, 'to be removable by the Pres-
ident,' were, on motion of Mr. Benson, struck out—
yeas 31. nays 19."
These latter motions were made for the pur-
pose of avoiding an argument which had been
made against the measure by its opponents, to
wit: that by saying in the bill itself that this
officcr should be removed by the President, it
would be inferred that Congress conferred the
power upon him, and therefore the phraseology
was changed deliberately by the friends of the
presidential power, and the bill was made
simply to declare that when the President
should remove the officer, or in any other case
of vacancy, the office should be filled by the
chief clerk; so that there should be upon the
face of the statute an express recognition by
Congress of the President's power of removal
under the Constitution. The debate shows that
a new form was given to the measure for the
express purpose of excluding in all future time
and from any quarter any allegation that the
President derived his power from the legisla-
tion of Congress. That bill finally passed the
House on the 24th of June, by a vote of—yeas
29, nays 22.
Now, sir, I propose to read from the debates
attending the passage of the measure, the his-
tory of which I have traced, certain opinions
of prominent men upon the point mentioned
by me in the outset of my remarks. I mean
the question of the right of the Legislature to
confer upon the Senate and President jointly
this power of removing from office. That
point was suggested, and Mr. Madison replied
as follows:
"Several constructions have been put upon the
Constitution relative to the point in question. Tho
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Sherman! has
advanced a doctrine which was not touched upon
before. He seems to think (iflunderstoodhim rightly)
that the powerof displacing from office is subject to
legislative discretion; because, it having aright to
create, it may limit or modify as it thinks proper. I
shall not say but at first view this doctrine may seem
to have some plausibility. But when I consider that
the Constitution clearly intended to maintain a
marked distinction between the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial powers of Government; and when I
consider that if tho Legislature has a power, such as is
contended for, they may subject and transfer at dis-
cretion powers from ono department of our Govern-
ment to another; they may on that principle exclude
the President altogethor from exercising any^author-
ity in the removal of officers ; they may give it to the
Senate alone, or the Presidentand Senate combined:
they may vest it in the whole Congress, or they may
reserve it to be exercised by this House. When I
consider the consequence, of this doctrine and com-
pare them with the truo principles of the Constitu-
tion, I own that I cannot subscribe to it."—Annals
of (Jongre$% vol. 1, p. 496.
Mr. Gerry, of Massachusetts, one of the most
distinguished men of that age, said upon this
same subject:
" This has been supposed by some gentlemen to ha
an omitted case"—
That is, this power of removal—
" and that Congress have the power of supplying the
defect. Let gentlemen consider the ground on which
they tread. If it is an omitted case, an attempt in
the Legislature to supplythe defect will be in faet an
attempt to amend the Constitution. But this can
only be done in the way pointed out by tho fifth ar-
tielo of that instrument, and an attempt to amend it
in any other way may be a high crime or misde-
meanor, or perhaps something worse."—Ibid. p. 503.
And he goes on with a further argument in
support of the same view. Again, he said, in
a subsequent stage of the debate:
• " If the Legislature have not the power of removal
they cannot confcr it upon others; if thoy have it, it
is a legislative power, and they have no right to
transfer the exercise of it to any other body. So view
this question in whatever point of light you please,
it is clear the words ought to be struck out."—Ibid., p.
570.
Mr. Smith, of South Carolina, said:
"It is contended that the Legislature have the
