1906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
usually made for these purposes. The provision
is copied from other territorial bills, that the
Governor of the Territory shall expend the
money under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior. I have followed the ordinary
precedents, supposing that this Territory was
like other Territories in this matter. It is an
okl Spanish settlement, and it is proposed to
repair some of their old buildings. 1 looked
to find the last appropriation, and I think it
was made in 18-16, and the amount was
$50,000 to complete the penitentiary. I pre-
sumed from that language that there had been
a previous appropriation for that purpose, but
on looking at the laws I have never been able
to find any such appropriation.
We have been informed by various resolu-
tions of the Legislative Assembly, and by the
Delegate from the Territory, and from various
sources, that it is very desirable to have this
building completed. I think we have obtained
all the light that is usual in such cases. Pos-
sibly an engineer might be sent out there to
examinathe building and make an estimate,
but I think we have done all that is usual in
cases like this. If gentlemen think proper to
provide that the Secretary of the Interior shall
cause an estimate to be made, and report at
the next session, let them do so; but it will
be an unusual provision.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am now drawing an
amendment to that effect.
Mr. WADE. If that is the pleasure of the
Senate I shall not object.
Mr. BUCKALEW. It strikes me that this
appropriation is large: and I suppose of
course the territorial authorities will expend
all the money we vote. I think the appropri-
ation ought to be reduced to $50,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move as a substitute
for the amendment offered by the Senator from
Ohio:
That the Secretary of the Interior be directed to
procure an examination to be made of the condition
of tlio public buildings in the Territory of New Mex-
ico, and report to the next Congress an estimate of
what amount is necessary to complete the same.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to, and the amendment, as amended,
was adopted.
Mr. WADE. I have another amendment:
And be it further enacted. That the sum of $40,000
be, and the same hereby is, appropriated, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
for the erection of public buildings in the Territory
of Dakota, said sum to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior.
This appropriation is some ten thousand
dollars less than almost any modern Territory
has had for public bnildings. There have
been no public buildings provided for the Ter-
ritory of Dakota, and I suppose it would cost
the Government much less to erect these
buildings at once than to leave them to a
laterperiod. The condition of things in that
Territory, as I am informed and believe, is
such that when they convict a man of any
crime they have got to transport him to De-
troit, and in that way, if things go on as they
are, we shall have to incur more expenses than
we would to erect a penitentiary.
Mr. GRIMES. What do they send them to
Detroit for ?
Mr. WADE. There is no prison nearer.
Mr. GRIMES. There is one at Omaha.
Mr. WADE. Perhaps they might find one
at Omaha, but I am told they send prisoners
to Detroit.
Mr. GRIMES. The real capital of Dakota,
that is to say the place where most of the busi-
ness of the Territory is done, is Sioux City, in
the State of Iowa.
Mr. WADE. That is two or three hundred
miles off.
Mr. GRIMES. Yaneton, the capital of the
Territory, is northwest of that. I do not re-
member the distance, but they have to go to
Sioux City, and through Sioux City across the
State of Iowa, and then across the State of Illi-
nois, and then across the State of Michigan to
get to Detroit, rather a long journey to carry a
prisoner to prison.
Mr. WADE. The Territory is a very large
one, and the population is scattered over a large
extent of it, not very continuous in villages or
towns. It is very difficult for them to get along
without a prison in any of these Territories,
i The Committee on Territories has been beset
very much with applications for appropriations
from Montana and from Idaho and the other
Territories, and it seems to me that their re-
quest is reasonable and just. For fear, how-
ever, that it should be thought the Committee
on Territories were extravagant, I have with-
held, even against my better judgment, bring-
ing in applications for these appropriations.
There the same complaint is made. Half the
prisoners they convict run at large because they
have no place to put them.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the number of con-
victions that have taken place in Dakota?
Mr. WADE. I do not know.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the population?
Mr. WADE. I do not know certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. About six hundred, I be-
1 lieve.
Mr. WADE. I imagine it is much more
than that. There are a good many Indians
! there, you have brought your Indian popula-
! tion down into that Territory. A jail is wanted
! there, and a jail is wanted in all these Territo-
ries. Gentlemen here may think lightly of it,
but the honest inhabitants there do not think
lightly of it. There is a great trouble in all
these rambling Territories for want of a place
to put prisoners when they are convicted; and
if I continue upon the Committee on Territo-
ries I shall have very soon to propose appro-
priations for public buildings in all these other
Territories, and unless the Senate mean to
adopt a new rule they will grant this request.
Such applications never have been refused here-
tofore that I know of. No Territory once or-
ganized has asked for money to erect public
buildings that I know of which has been re-
fused. There seems to be a kind of a rule
under which it is expected that the Govern-
ment shall provide public buildings for them
in the commencement. They have always done
it, and I suppose they will have to continue to
do it as long as they organize Territories. I
ask in this case a sum more moderate than any
appropriation that I know of for public build-
ings in any Territory. The amount here asked
is $40,000, and I know of none others where
the appropriation has been less than $50,000.
The judgment of the Committee on Territories
was that we ought to grant this reasonable sum ;
but I leave the matter to the decision of the
Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose we shall have
to put up these buildings in accordance with
what has been the modern practice ; but the
Senate will perceive that the system on which
we go is a very wasteful and extravagant one.
We appropriate a gross sum of money to be
expended in the erection of buildings. We do
not know anything about the plans and speci-
fications. There is nobody to approve them,
and nobody under whose direction the build-
ings are to be put up. All that is wrong. It
onght to be under the direction of some public
officer. I move to amend the amendment by
adding after the words "Secretary of the In-
terior" the words " and upon plans and speci-
fications approved by him."
Mr. WADE. I have no objection to that.
I supposed the language of the amendtiient
already would embraCe 'that.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think I shall propose
another amendment. It is very evident that
they cannot spend so much money as is pro-
posed to be appropriated this year. I move
to cut down the amount to $20,000. That will
be as much as cag possibly be expended in
this year, and then next year we shall have
the plan before us, and we shall know some-
thing more about it. We shall by that time be
able to ascertain some facts in relation to it.
I have no objection to making an appropria-
tion to begin with, of all that is necessary for
the year.
Mr. WADE. I am pretty well satisfied now
that the amendment which has been added
requiring the work to be upon plans and speci-
fications approved by the Secreta -y of the In-
terior will involve a great additional expense
to the Government. The Secretary will prob-
ably make the building on a much more ex-
travagant plan than the people there would
if it was left to them. They might be satis-
fied with a kind of temporary building; and I
am afraid that if we leave him to pass upon
the plans and specifications he will get up a
building infinitely more expensive than the
! people there would get up if we left the mat-
ter to them alone. They do not build such
buildings as master-builders here when you
. submit the job to them to get up. They are
; less expensive as a general thing. It seems
; proper enough that there should be specifica-
tions; and yet under the circumstances my
opinion is that the effect of that provision will
be what I have stated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say to the Sen-
ator that if the people of the Territory were to
erect the buildings out of their money I have
no doubt what he says would be correct; but
when we pay for them they will get as large
buildings as they can, and as expensive ones.
Mr. POMEROY. I have always been in
favor of a liberal policy toward the Territo-
ries ; but I think our legislation in regard to
questions of this character should be governed
somewhat by the population of the Territory
and the necessity for these buildings. If an
amendment were put on here that this amount
might be expended whenthepopulation reached
twenty thousand there would be some reason
why we should make the appropriation.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the population?
Mr. POMEROY. I have found from some
experience that these public buildings are
never, or hardly ever, built in the beginning
where the people, when they come to be a
State, want them located. There was a large
appropriation made for the Territory of Kan-
sas,.but there never was any building erected
with it.
Mr. JOHNSON. What became of it?
Mr. POMEROY. A building was com-
menced, the money was expended, and the
stone that was quarried and prepared was
afterward sold. Why ? Because the capital
of the Territory was located at Lecompton, a
place the people of the State did not want for
a capital; and the Government lost about
seventy-five thousand dollars. In other Ter-
ritories the organic acts sometimes prescribe
the place where the capital shall be, or else
allow the Governor to select a capital. The
organic acts have differed in that respect; but
neither Congress nor the Governor has any
right to make a permanent capital, and we
ought not to erect public buildings until the
permanent capital is established. We may
put up temporary buildings that will answer
the purposes of the territorial legislation, but
when we appropriate large sums for public
buildings the capital should be well defined
and well established, because the buildings
are not for a day, they are not for this year ;
and the appropriations are of a sufficient char-
acter to erect buildings to last years and years.
I have seen something of Dakota, and I think
that in such a Territory we ought to require the
population to be at least twenty thousand before
public buildings are erected. I would vote for
an appropriation for that purpose, to be ex-
pended when the population reaches twenty
thousand ; but if the population is not now five
thousand, and if they do not add a thousand a
year, as they do not, I cannot see why we
should make appropriations of this character.
There are some Territories—Montana, for in-
stance—where the population is increasing
enormously. If the capital was well established
there, so that we could with prudence and dis-
cretion say that the amount of $75,000 might
be used for public buildings, if it would answer
