186T.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1231
Again, they say:
5. Either site is adapted to tho construction of
docks and other appurtenances of a navy yard."
I suppose, Mr. President, that almost every
member of the Senate has read this report of
Professor Baehe ; and if so, I am perfectly will-
ing to leave all the matters involved, so far as
they are discussed at all by any members of
the^ board, to the consideration of the body.
The Senator from Connecticut hasjead very
copiously from the report of the Committee on
Naval Affairs of the House of Representatives
in 1864. It should be borne in mind, however,
that that committee, at a subsequent session,
reversed its action, and reported tho bill now
under consideration, when there was only a
change of two members, I think, upon the
committee. I think I am justified in saying
that the report from which the Senator read
was written by a citizen of New London, the
place that sets itself up as a rival to League
Island. I do not know that that should de-
tract at all from the merit of the report or
from the consideration that the Senate ought
to give it; nor do 1 know that the fact which
is alleged by some, though not here, that Pro-
fessor Bach6 was born in the city of Philadel-
phia and lived there till he was sixteen years
old, should detract from the consideration we
ought to give to his report. On the other hand,
the gentleman who was associated with him,
Captain Marston, was a native and is recorded
on the naval register as a citizen of the State
of Massachusetts. Nor would I say that be-
cause Commodore Stringham is a citizen of
New York—and New York seems to be ar-
rayed against this proposition on account of
her rivalry to Philadelphia—that fact should
lessen the influence or the weight which his
report ought to have upon the minds of the
members of this body. These are considera-
tions which, I trust, will not be entertained by
any one. The question is, what, are the facts
as submitted by these two reports? I saj' that
the weight of evidence, the strength of the
argument is with the minority report, although
numerically the strength is with the majority.
My opponents say otherwise. Let the Senate
decide.
The Senator has talked to us about the health
of League Island. He told us that the evidence
is very strong that the health of League Island
is bad. 1 have heard no such evidence. There
was a man who appeared before the Committee
on Naval Affairs who told us that it was bad;
and he told us some people had told Rim so.
He was a citizen of New London. He did not
live and never had lived in Philadelphia, or in
that neighborhood. I know of no evidence, I
have seen no evidence, the gentlemen repre-
senting New London and adverse to League
Island have never adduced any evidence before
the committee or before me individually, to
show that League Island was unhealthy. I
think the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Cat-
tell] can give a sufficiently satisfactory rea-
son to the Senate why it is that Philadelphia
has grown north rather than toward League
Island. He at any rate convinced me on the
subject, and that it did not spring from the
unhealthiness of the lower part of the city.
But it is said that the distance is too great
fiom the sea, and the Senator undertook to
illustrate that to us by giving a very graphic
and eloquent account of the encounter between
the Merrimac and the Monitor. I failed to
observe the appropriateness of the illustration,
although I admit that it was very elegantly
said. It seems to me that it would have been
as difficult to get the Monitor from New Lon-
don to Fortress Monroe to attack the Merri-
mac as it was from Philadelphia.
It is said that the channel is tortuous and
that vessels-of-war could not go to Philadel-
phia and return. I assert that we have not
got a vessel-of-war and have never had a ves-
sel-of-war that could not go without difficulty
to Philadelphia and return at her leisure, pro-
vided she came with a high tide, which is the
case in New York and Boston as well as Phil-
adelphia.
Mr. President, other Governments have come
to the_ conclusion that it is to their interest to
seek insular positions for their navy-yards ;
and that is the great effortto-day of the British
and French Governments. It was proposed
two or three years ago to break up the Ports-
mouth navy-yard in England and locate it
somewhere else because of its apparent inde-
fensibility ; but now they have determined to
go on and expend some £20,000,000 in at-
tempting to still further fortify it. This is
urged by the most experienced and capable
officers as an argument in favor of having a
large establishment for workshops and so on
at Philadelphia. But the Senator from Con-
necticut and his friends do not exactly see it
in that light. I confess I do not agree with
them. 1 think that Philadelphia should re-
ceive a greater consideration than she other-
wise would from the fact that she is incapable
of being attacked.
The Senator told us that the river was fre-
quently obstructed by ice. The minority of the
naval commission appointed to investigate this
subject reported that once in forty years up to
that time it had been so obstructed by ice as to
prevent the navigation of the river and not
oftener. I do not know that the Senator has
any stronger testimony than that. I agree that
the river above League Island, at what is known
as the Horse Shoe, is occasionally obstructed
by ice, and has been for a considerable time
this year; but that is between the city of Phila-
delphia and League Island. I have seen gen-
tlemen here this winter whoso vessels have gone
up as far as the Horse Shoo, and then been
compelled to fall back and anchor abreast of
League Island, and some have dropped down
as far as Chester, but they had no difficulty in
getting up as far as League Island. But, sir,
the same argument applies to the Brooklyn
navy-yard, to the Boston navy-yard, and to the
Washington navy-yard as well as to the Phila-
delphia navy-yard. I undertake to say that
there have not been five consecutive days in
twenty-five years when a vessel-of-war could
not without difficulty pass^to and from League
Island to the sea on account of any obstruc-
tion of the ice that might be in the river.
Now, Mr. President, let us look at the bill
that we propose and compare it with the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts:
That the Secretary of tho Navy bo, and is hereby,
authorized to receive and neoept from tho city au-
thorities of theci ty of Philadelphia thu title to League
Island, in the Delaware rit'oi, and adjacent marsh
land, including the whole of tho creek known as the
Back Channel, from tho Schuylkill to theDelaware
liver, and all tho riparian lights and privileges of
said League Island, adjacent marsh, and Back Chan-
nel, together with so much of tho opposite shore of
tho Back Channel from tho League lwjand shore as
shall, in the opinion of the Secretary of the Navy, be
ample to enable tho Government to havo the solo
and exclusive uso ot said Back Channel and both
shores thcrool; the said island and appurtenances to
be hold lor naval purposes by the Government of
the United States: J'roviclcd, That the said League
Island, marsh adjacent, and Back Channel, with its
shores as atoresaid, shall not be received or accepted
until the title to tho whole of the same, as herein
described, is complete and indefeasible, nor unless
the acceptance thereof shall bo recommended by a
board of officers to be appointed by tho President.
Nothing can be done under this bill until &
commission composed of naval officers shall
report in favor of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is not that the amend-
ment?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir, in the original bill.
If gentlemen are not disposed to intrust this
power to the President of the United States to
select these naval officers 1 am perfectly con-
tent that competent men qualified to act in
such a capacity as this shall be designated in
the bill. I do not want to throw away the
money of my constituents in a maelstrom
where a vast amount of money will be ex-
pended without any good being accomplished
by it. I do not want to break up the present
navy-yard in Philadelphia. I believe that the
public interests require that that navy;yard
shall be extended. If a board of naval officers,
to be appointed by us or by the President,
shall report to us that League Island is not the
proper place for_it. but'that it had better be
enlarged where it is by the expenditure of a:
vast amount of money in purchasing up the
business property adjacent to it, I want to do'
it. But I do not want to send a roving com-
mission all along up and down the country to
try and find another navy-yard, and make the'
action of that committee final upon us, and'
then, when they have made a selection, au-
thorize the Secretary of the Navy to put his
hand into the Treasury of the United States
and draw out money to an unlimited extent.
Mr. DIXON. This bill is final.'
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir, not until a board
shall have investigated it, and then it does not
confer upon the Secretary the power to expand
a dollar of money.
Mr. DIXON. The report is final,
Mr. GRIMES. The first check wo have
upon it is, that this board of naval officers'
must report in favor of it; second, when that
report has been made it does not compel us to
expend a cent; we shall have simply acquired
tho property. If we afterward conclude that
we ought not to expend any money there,
that the public interest will not be subserved by
removing the present yard to this particular
site, wo have only got to say so and fail to
make the appropriation. We are committed
to nothing. We simply acquire the title to the
land.
Mr. CATTELL. I am perfectly aware, Mr.
President, that the anxiety of the Senate to
dispose of this question will scarcely admit
of their listening with any degree of patience
to a farther discussion of the subject; and in
fact the very able manner in which tho case
has been presented by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks,] who has chargc of
this bill, and the explicit statements of the,
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, render it
hardly necessary that I should occupy the time
of the Senate to any very great extent. But,
sir, of all the questions that have been presented
to the Senate, this is the one with which I think
1 am most familiar. I have known this local-
ity, League Island, from my boyhood up. Iw
have been upon it many times. I am familiar
with all the facts relating to the examinations
which have taken place as to its adaptability as
a location for a naval station; and I- am pre-
pared to stand here in my place as a Senator
of the United States and to assert that in rny
opinion the declaration which has been made
by tho Assistant Secretary of the Navy, that
the map of the world does not present so de-
sirable a location for the establishment of a
naval station, especially in reference to iron-
clads as League Island, is true.
Mr. President, it is not a little remarkable
that the only opposition that has been made
against the establishment of this naval station,
against the removal, as proposed by this bill,
of the Philadelphia navy-yard from its present
cramped position nearly in the heart of the
city of Philadelphia, surrounded on all sides
by buildings, endangered by fire, and totally
inadequate to the wants of the naval service,
to League Island, and against the acceptance
as a free gift of this magnificent situation for a
naval stalion, has come to us from the State
of' Connecticut. I have never heard of a re-
monstrance, I have never listened to an argu-
ment, I have never read a pamphlet on the
subject that has not proceeded from this source.
Mr. FOSTER. If the honorable Senator
will allow mc, I can point him to various other
sourccs. The New Yoik Chamber of Com-
merce sent resolutions here—I did not take
the trouble to read them, but resolutions of a
very decided and pointed character. The
merchants of New York senta memorial here,
a memorial planned I believe by Captain Nye,
Captain Marsha^, and several other gentle-
men of the very highest reputation as ship;
masters and commercial men of the cityof
New York and signed by a very large portion
of the merchants and ship-owners of the city
of New York. I think I could name' many
others to the gentleman.
