1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
power of supplying the defect if this is an omitted
case. I cannot be x>f that opinion. Butitisunneces-
sary to extend this argument after what has been
urged by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Oebrt.] If the Legislaturecan supply defects, they
may virtually repeal the Constitution."—Ibid.., p. 508.
Mr. White, of Virginia, said:
"Some gentlemen hare supposed that the Constitu-
tion has made no provision for the removal of
officers; and they have called it an omitted case or
defect. l?hey ask if we may not supply that defect ?
I say in general we may not; for if wecan assume the
righ t of supplying defects and making alterations, we
may go on and make the Constitution just what we
please."—Ibid., p. 517.
Finally, I will read the opinion of Mr. Bou-
dinot. He said:
"For my part, I cenceive it is impossible to carry
into execution the powers of the President in a sal-
utary manner unless he has the power of removal
vested in him. I do not mean that if it was not
vested in him by the Constitution it would be proper
for Congress to confer it; though I do believe the
Government would otherwise be very defective, yet
we would have to bear this inconvenience until it
was rectified by an amendment of the Constitution.
For my part, I would adhere to every principle con-
tained in it, however defective, and not infringe it
for any purpose whatever/'—Jb%d„ p. 529.
So much for that question. From the same
debates I propose to read so much as will show
the grounds upon which the majority acted
at that time. Jn the first place I read the
opinion of George Clymer, a Representative
from Pennsylvania, who said on the 19th of
May, 1789:
"The power of removal was an executive power,
and as such belonged to the President alone by the
express words of the Constitution: 'the executive
power shall be vested in a President of the United
States ot' America.' The Senate were not an execu-
tive body; they were a legislative one. It was true,
in some instances, they held a qualified check over
the executive power, but that was in consequence of
an express declaration in the Constitution; without
such declaration they would not have been called
upon, for advice and consent in the case of appoint-
ment. Why, then, shall we extend their power to
control the removal which is naturally in the Execu-
tive, unless it is likewise expressly declared in the
Constitution?"—Ibid., p. 382.
I will conclude these extracts by reading what
Mr. Madison said in the debate on the 17th of
June, and at other times, in vindication of his
own position and in answer to the argument
in favor of senatorial power:
"But let us not consider the question on one side
only; there are dangers to be contemplated on the
other. VestthispowerintheSenatejointlywith the
President, and you abolish at once that great prin-
ciple of unity and responsibility in the executive de-
partment which was intended for the security of lib-
erty and the public good. If the President should
possess alone the power of removal from office, those
who are employed in the execution of the law will be
in their proper situation, and the chain of depend-
ence be preserved; the lowest officers, the middle
grade, and the highest will depend, as they ought, on
the President, and the President on the community.
The chain of dependence therefore terminates in the
supreme body, namely, in thepeople, who will possess,
besides, in aid of their original power, the decisive
engine of impeachment. Take theothersupposition;
that the power should be vested in the Senate, ou the
principle that the power to displace is necessarily
connected with the power to appoint. It is declared
by the Constitution that we may by law vest the ap-
pointment of inferior officers in the heads of Depart-
ments; the power of removal being incidental ag
stated by some gentlemen. Where does this term-
inate? If you begin with the subordinate officers, they
are dependent on their superior, he on the next supe-
rior,and heon—whom? On the Senate, a permanent
body; a body, by its particular mode of election, in
reality existing forever; a body possessing that pro-
portion of aristoeratie power which the Constitution
no doubt thought wise to be established in the sys-
tem, but which s^raehave strongly excepted against.
And let me ask gentlemen, is there equal security in
this case as in the other ? Shall we trust the Senate,
responsible to individual Legislatures, rather than
the person who is responsible to the whole commu-
nity? It is true the Senate do not hold their offices
for life, like aristocracies recorded in tho historic page;
yet the fact is, they will not possess that responsibility
tor the exercise of executive powers which would ren-
der it safe for us to vest such powers in them. But
what an aspect will this give to the Executive? In-
stead of keeping the departments of Government dis-
tinct, you make an executive out of one branch of the
Legislature; you make the Executive a two-headed
monster, to use the expression of the gentleman from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Livermoro,] you destroy the
great principle of responsibility, and perhaps have
the creature divided in its will, defeating the very
purposes for which a unity in the executive was in-
stituted. These objections do not lie against such an
arrangement a« the bill establishes. I conceive that
tho President is sufficiently accountable to the com-
munity; and if this power is vested in him, it will be
vested whore its nature requires it should be vested;
if anything in its nature is executive, it must be that
grower which is employed in superintending and see-
ing that th«s laws are faithfully executed. The laws
cannot be executed but by officers appointed for that
purpose; therefore, those who are over such officers
naturally possess the executive power. If any other
doctrine be admitted, what is the consequence? You
may set the Senate at the head of the executive de-
partment, or you may require that the officers hold
their places during the pleasure of this branch of the
Legislature, if you cannot go so far as to say we shall
appoint them; and by this means you link together
two branches of the Government which the preserv-
ation of liberty requires to be constantly separated."
llbid., pp. 499,500.
Again he said:
" The Constitution affirms that the executive power
shall be vested in the President. Are these excep-
tions to this proposition? Yes, there are. The Con-
stitution says that in appointing to office the Senate
shall be associated with the President unless in the
case of inferior officers when the law shall otherwise
diroct. Have we a right to extend this exception?
I believe not. If the Constitution has invested all
the executive power in the President, I venture to
assert that the Legislature has no right to diminish
or modify his executive authority. The question
then resolves itself into this: is the power of dis-
placing an executive power ? I conccive that if any
power whatsoever is in its nature executive it is the
power of appointing, overseeing, and controlling
those who execute the laws."—Ibid., p. 463.
Mr. President, I have but one additional
citation to make, and I shall then relieve the
Senate from these copious extracts in which I
have indulged. I read from the protest of
Andrew Jackson, dated April 15, 1834, and
directed to the Senate of the United States,
the extract being u^on the very question in-
volved in this debate, the very question raised
by this bill.. He says:
"The executive power vested in the Senate is
neither that of'nominating' nor 'appointing.' It is
merely a check upon the executive power of appoint-
ment. If individuals proposed for appointment by
the President are by them deemed incompetent or
unworthy, they may withhold their consent, and the
appointmentcannotbe made. They check the action
ot the Executive, but cannot, in relation to those very
subjects, act themselves, nor direct him. Selections
are still made by the President, and the negative
given to the Senate without diminishing responsibil-
ity furnishes an additional guarantee to the country
that the subordinate executive as well as the judi-
cial offices shall be filled with worthy and competent
men. , .
"The whole executive power being rested in the
President, who is responsible for its exercise, it is a
necessary consequence that he should have a right
to employ agents of his own choice to aid him in the
performance of his duties and to discharge them
when he is no longer willing to be responsible for
their acts. In strict accordance with this principle
the power of removal, which, like that of appoint-
ment, is an original executive power, is left un-
checked by the Constitution in relation to all exec-
utive officers, for whose conduct the President is
responsible, while it is taken from him in relation to
judicial officers, for whose acts he is not responsible.
In the government from which many of the funda-
mental principles of our system arederived, the head
of the executive department originally had power to
appoint and remove at will all officers, executive
ana judicial. It was to take the judges out of this
general power of removal, and thus make them in-
dependent of the Executive, that the tenure of their
offices was changed to good behavior. Kor is it con-
ceivable why they are placed in our Constitution
upon a tenure different from that of all other officers
appointed by the Executive unless it be for the same
purpose.
"But if there were any just ground for doubt on the
face of the Constitution, whether all executive officers
are removable at the will of the President, it is ob-
viated by the contemporaneous construction of the
instrument and the uniform practice under it.
"The power of removal was a topic of Solemn debate
in the Congress of 17S9 while organizing the admin-
istrative departments of the Government, and it was
finally decided that the President derived from the
Constitution the power of removal, so far as it regards
that department for whose acts he is responsible.
Although the debate covered the whole ground, em-
bracing the Treasury as well as all the other execu-
tive departments, it arose on a motion to strike out
of the bill to establish a Department of Foreign
Affairs, since called tho Department of State, a clause
declaring the Secretary 'to be removable from office
by the President of the United States.'"
And then proceeds in explanation of the
subsequent proceedings on that bill as I have
already read them from the original record.
He proceeds:
"This change bavins been made for tho express
purpose of declaring the sense of Congress that the
President derived the power of removal from the
Constitution, the act as it passed has always been
considered as a fall expression of the sense of the
legislature on this important part of the American
Constitution. ,
"Here, then, we have the concurrent authority ot
President "Washington, of the Senate, ana the House
of Representatives, numbers of whom had taken an
active part in the Convention which framed the Con-
stitution and intheState conventions which adopted
it. that tho President derived an unqualified power
of removal from that instrument itself, which is
'beyond the reaeh of legislative authority.' Upon
this principle the Government has now been steadily
administered for about forty-five years, during which
there have been numerous removals made by the
President or by his direction, embraeinrevery grade
of executive officers, from the heads of Departments
to the messengers of bureaus."
The argument is then carried on and applied
to the particular case upon which disagreement
had arisen between himself and the Senate, to
wit: the case of the head of the Treasury De-
partment, the incumbent of which had been
dismissed by him in the recess in connection
with the well-known question regarding the
removal of the deposits.
I have thus gone over, in the first place, the
leading points of the argument from, the point
of view in which the subject has presented
itself to my mind; and next, I have shown by
the authorities cited how those views and opin-
ions supported by me are rooted and founded
in the strongest authority which our political
history can furnish; that this authority begins
with the organization of the Government, and
that along with it is to be taken the uniform
practice of the Government for a period of
seventy-seven years. President Jackson ex-
pressed his surprise in 1834 that, after a period
of forty-five years, in which the practice of the
Government had been in a certain direction, it
should be called in question. How much more
reason have we in 1867 to express surprise
that a question which has stood determined for
seventy-seven years, and the determination of
which is sustained by uniform practice and by
the highest authorities, should now be involved
in debate 1
Why is this ? Has there been any demand
of public opinion brought to bear upon us on
this particular point? Has any new light from
any quarter been shed upon the Constitution ?
Why is this bill introduced, and why is it
pressed? There is but one explanation. _ The
reason is avowed. It is not concealed; it is not
held back. It is, that the President of the
United States is not in complete political ac-
cord with the majority of the Senate, and there-
fore this bill is to be passed to put a bit into
his mouth to curb and to check him, to prevent
him from exercising a power which has been
exercised almost unquestioned by all his pre-
decessors. Sir, if I am correct m my argu-
ment, and if the great men of former times
were correct in their views on this subject, you
have no power to pass this bill even for the
high object avowed of curbing, limiting, and
restraining the President of the United States
in the exercise of his powers.
But is there such pressing necessity that we
ought to overleap all practice and set aside
the past construction of the Constitution ?
Why, sir, after all that has happened, after all
that has been said, there can be no question
that two thirds of the offices of the United
States, even in the adhering States—the States
which did not rebel—are held by persons who
are in accord with the political majority in the
Senate. This thing of removals has not been
carried to such lengths that it is necessary to
resort to extreme and doubtful measures of
legislation in order to find security and relief
to an oppressed majority in this Chamber; and
there is no such necessity impending. As was
well said by the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
BbwE] in this very debate, the exercise of this
power of removal by the present President has
not been carried to such an extent as it was
by former ones. No political proscription of
officers in this country was ever carried to
greater lengths than it was carried by Presi-
dent Lincoln and those associated with him in
the executive branch of this Government. This
power—I acknowledge it to be a fearful, a ter-
rible power in the hands of one disposed to
abuse it—was wielded by him and his political
associates with an absence pf ftll considera?
tion for opposing opinion and private interests
which had no example in our previous politi-
cal history. It was wielded strongly and with
power by that man of iron from whose protest
I have read to you, and by other Presidents*
I repeat there is less reason now, upon the
