1908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Mr. POMEROY. I would inquire of the
Senator whether that bill has become a law.
Mr. CRAGIN. I suppose it is a law. I am
not aware that the President has vetoed it or
kept it back.
Mr. POMEROY. It had escaped my recol-
lection entirely.
Mr. CONNESS. I remember it.
Mr. POMEROY. Then why do we have this
appropriation of $40,000 in addition ?
Mr. WADE. I think that bill was confined
to Montana and Idaho.
Mr. CRAGIN. No, it applied to the Terri-
tories of the United States, and appropriated
$40,000 to each, except to Washington Terri-
tory, and to that we appropriated $20,000, it
having already received $20,000 for the same
purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on amending the amendment by striking
out $40,000 and inserting $20,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I withdraw thatamend-
ment to the amendment, and I think it is evi-
dent that the whole proposition should be re-
jected on the information we have.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WADE. I offer this amendment as
additional sections:
And be it further moated. That all advertisements,
notices, and proposals for contracts for all the Exec-
utive Departments of the Government, and the laws
passed by Congress and executive proclamations and
treaties, shall hereafter be advertised by publication
in tho two daily papers published in the District of
Columbia noiv selected under the act of the first ses-
sion of tho Thirty-Ninth Congress, making appro-
priations fortheserviceof tho Post Office Department
during the fiscal year ending 30th of June, 1807, and
for other purposes, until otherwise ordered by Con-
gress, and in no other District of Columbia papers:
Provided, That the charges for such publications
shall not be higher than such as are paid by individ-
uals for advertising in said papers: And. provided
also, That the same publications shall be made in
each of said papers equally as to frequency.
And be it further enacted. That all laws and parts
of laws conflicting with the above provision with
respect to official advertising in the District of Co-
lumbia be, and are hereby, repealed.
Mr. JOHNSON. What are the two papers
referred to?
Mr. WADE. The Chronicle and the Star.
They were selected under the law of last ses-
sion, which required the advertisements to be
published in those papers having the largest
circulation, which was ascertained in the way
prescribed by that law. But I understand that
law has been very much evaded, and this is an
attempt to correct that evasion, I believe the
law spoke of newspapers published in the city
of Washington, and I have been told that some
papers here—one, at all events—purported on
its face to be published at Georgetown, and thus
evaded the law and obtained the publication
of Government advertisements, although it
had not the largest amount of circulation.
This is an attempt to correct that abuse, and
to require the publication to be made in those
papers that were selected because they did
nave the largest circulation.
Mr. JOHNSON. The circulation of the Star
is quite large locally, but it cannot be exten-
sively circulated out of the city. The effect
of this amendment, as I understand, is to con-
fine the publication to the Chronicle, which I
suppose is circulated generally, and to the Star
which has a mere local circulation, and to pre-
vent the publication in any other papers. I
doubt whether the publication in the Star will
answer the purpose throughout the country.
I do not think it is a paper which has any cir-
culation out of the city. The honorable mem-
ber says the law is the same now, that the De-
partments are obliged to give these publica-
tions to the Chronicle and the Star. If that
be the law I do not know that it has been
violated.
Mr. CONNESS. It cannot be given to any
other papers than those now without a viola-
tion of the law by evasion, and as I understand
it this is to prevent that.
Mr. WADE. That is all there is of it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe the law of
last session provides that the publication shall
be made in the newspapers having the largest
circulation. This is an abandonment of that
law in this respect. This will make the papers
which are now publishing the advertisements
the organs for that purpose by act of Con-
gress ; and should they cease at any time to
have the largest circulation the Departments
could not transfer the publication, according
to the law of last session, to any other paper,
unless Congress should order it to be done. I
think it is small business for Congress to be
saying what papers shall publish the laws.
They should be published in papers of general
circulation. To say that any two papers shall
continue to publish the laws is to say arbitra-
rily that they shall have the benefit of this
patronage without regard to their circulation.
The effect of this amendment is simply to take
away from the Departments the control of it
under the act of last session. That act allowed
the publication to be given to the papers of
largest circulation.
Mr. WADE. And this provides for the pub-
lication in those papers selected under that law
by the methods provided for in that law.
Mr. JOHNSON. But suppose they have lost
that circulation now?
Mr. WADE. Their relation to the other
papers in point of circulation, no doubt, is now
just about what it was then. As the Senator
from Maryland well remarked, one of those
papers, as I understand, has a very large local
circulation in the District of Columbia, and it
was therefore thought proper not to confine it
to that one. The Chronicle undoubtedly has a
much wider circulation outside the District of
Columbia than the Star; but these two papers
are the leading papers here, having a much
larger circulation than any other two papers in
the District. They were selected under the
law of last session for that reason, and this
provision continues the publication in these
same papers, and it prevents the practice of
running off with papers, inferior in circulation,
to Georgetown and setting them up there, and
thus evading what was intended by the law.
This speaks of papers published in the Dis-
trict of Columbia instead of in the city of
Washington.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If I understand the
purpose of the Senator, it would be accom-
plished properly by providing that the laws and
other advertisements shall be published in the
two papers in the District of Columbia having
the largest circulation, instead of the city of
Washington, as he says the law of last year
provided. He wants now to insert " District
of Columbia" instead of " city of Washing-
ton." But this amendment goes muchfurther,
and says the publication shall be continued in
two particular papers until Congress shall
otherwise order. That has no defense upon
any ground. They may now have the largest
circulation, and next year may not.
Must Congress legislate on this subject and
investigate evety year what papers in the Dis-
trict of Columbia have the largest circulation ?
That certainly cannot be right. I am willing
to legislate offices from one man to another if
the Senate thinks thatimportant forparty ends;
but to say that Congress shall commence nam-
ing the newspapers that shall do the publica-
tion for the Government, is I think rather
small business. Certainly this matter ought to
stand on the general principle that the papers
who have the largest circulation at the time
the advertisement is to be made should be
selected.
Mr. WADE. There is no doubt that is the
case now; and as for Congress taking the power
over the subject I am perfectly willing that
they should. Indeed, I would rather Congress
should settle the question than to leave it to
any other power to ascertain it. That is just
how I feel.
Mr. YATES. I understand the fact to be
that the papers in this District were required
to furnish a statement under oath of the num-
ber of their copies in circulation, and that these
two papers, the Star and the Chronicle, were
ascertained to have the largest circulation. I
think therefore this order which continues it
to them with the further action of Congress is
entirely correct. I cannot see any objection to
it. The question has been settled by the returns
made under oath.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRESWELL. I am directed by the
Committee on the Library to propose this
amendment, to come in after line three hundred
and eighty-five of section one:
For the construction of a new green-house, with
central tlome and a wing, to correspond in size with
the present green-house in the Botanic Garden, to be
built of iron and glass, according to the plan prepared
by the architect of the Capitol extension and ap-
proved by the joint Committee on the Library, $35,000,
the same to be expended under the direction of the
joint Committee on the Library of Congress.
The Botanic Garden, as I gather from the
appropriations heretofore made for it, was
established somewhere between the years 1850
and 1855. Appropriations have been made
continuously from that time down, as well as
for the support of the employes necessary to
conduct it as for the construction of the build-
ings and for procuring necessary manures,
shrubs, plants, &c. The building which is
now used for that purpose has in the course of
time become entirely too small. In fact it was
only a part of the original plan as proposed by
the architect. At the time that it was con-
structed, it was thought that that would suffice
for the protection of the shrubs and plants
which were then in the possession of the Gov-
ernment ; but the time has arrived when it is
necessary, by reason of the accumulation of
plants on our hands, that that building shall be
greatly enlarged, and a necessity exists that a
new building shall be constructed of an en-
tirely different material, as appears from the
present condition of the building now in the
Botanic Garden. The building there is in such
a condition from decay that in a very few years
it will be necessary entirely to replenish it.
The amendment that I have proposed requires
that the original plan of the architect, a copy
of which I have, shall be executed, and exe-
cuted in iron. It has been found from expe-
rience it is by far the most economical. The
Library Committee, after a careful considera-
tion of this subject—and upon that committee
are associated with me the honorable chair-
man of the Finance Committee and the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Claims,
two I think of the most lynx-eyed gentlemen
in this body with regard to the appropriation
of public money—agreed that it was far better
that we should appropriate a sufficient sum to
construct a building of iron at once and thereby
make it permanent. As the garden now is, I
would not recommend the appropriation of
another dollar to maintain the building there
unless this appropriation that I now suggest
were made. I think it is essential with a view
to the credit of the Government and to a proper
ornamentation of the grounds connected with
the Capitol. In the interest, therefore, of
science as well as of economy, I have moved
the amendment, and I hope it will be adopted
by the Senate.
Mr. WADE. It seems to me, when we are
on economy, we could as well dispense perhaps
with the Botanic Garden in this city as a Ter-
ritory can dispense with buildings to legislate
in. The one seems to me to be a necessity,
and the other a mere matter of fancy. If the
Government is not able to give the people of a
Territory, who are always poor and not very well
calculated to take care of themselves in the
first place, a building to legislate in when we
require legislation at their hands, it strikes me
we can just as well dispense with this Botanic
Garden and its arrangements as the people out
there can dispense with a place to legislate in.
If the Government cannot do the one, I think
it ought not to do the other.
Mr. CRESWELL. Why, Mr. President,
the only objection made to the appropriation
that the gentleman asked for in tbe Territory
of Dakota was that there were not people
