M
THE CONGrRlSSIONAL GLOBE.
ground alleged by the advocates of this bill for
its' enactment thah' there was for such a meas-
ure' npDn mafty former occasions, some of
thorn fec'Ctatand others moreremote.
i Why, then, is this measure introduced to
revolutionize the practice' of- th& Government
arid to unsettle the fixed and; declared opinions
of the American people-and of their authori-
ties upon this question? Is it because gentle-
men suppose that'the public mind is so unfixed
•by-revolution, by war, and by the passions of
this -war -that it will assent to anything de-
manded bj party interests or instigated by
party passion? Is it under the inspiration of
popular -.elections held and determined upon
other considerations than this that we are to
neei the inauguration of a new system in our
Government with reference to the patronage
of the Government, which changes altogether
■the relations of the legislative and executive
departments with cach other; which puts this
Senate at the head of the executive depart-
ment to dominate it; which makes it the two-
headed monster which was spoken of in the
debate of 1789?
I beg Senators to reflect upon the several
points elaborated by me against the deposition
of this power in the Senate, independent of the
question of power. I beg them to consider the
irresponsibility of this body, ail appropriate
fact enough when you consider the Senate in
its legislative capacity as a check upon the
popular House, as a sort of breakwater against
the popular passions of any particular year. It
is to stand here and perform in this Govern-
ment the same function which is performed in
the British Government by the House of Lords.
It is to check and to hold in restraint popular
impulses when they first appear, and when
they may carry the Government out of its
course and establish injustice or mischief in its
administration. That is the great function of
the Senate. It is a check upon the hot and
heady passions which may hold sway over the
other branch of the legislative department.
But, sir, never in theory or in practice was it
intended that this Senate should dominate the
executive department. You have a complete
veto upon the House. No bill or resolution
passed by that branch can take effect or have
foree as a public law or regulation until you
assent to it. The House cannot overrule your
dissent to a measure as Congress can overrule
a presidential veto. You hold by a fast grip
that popular branch which speaks the heart of
the people and speaks the passions of the peo-
ple whenever their rashness or injustice require
a check.
It may be said that the Senate is the aristo-
cratic feature of the Constitution, and it may
be said, as it was said in the Convention of
1787, that it is objectionable for this reason,
and that it ought not to be admitted into the
Constitution. On the contrary, I think the
provisions creating it were among the wisest
provisions of the Constitution, that the Senate
should be constituted as it is, that here calm
thought and just action should take refuge
against the passions of the time. But to have
a Senate performing its appropriate, consti-
tutional functions, holding this Government
steady in its course, protecting it against im-
pulse and passion and violence, you must have
it as the Constitution made it, and as it has
heretofore existed, a body substantially sepa-
rated from questions of private emolument,
from questions of official patronage and man-
agement. As can be shown, your action upon
appointments does not constitute efficient con-
trol of or active participation in executive
power. You must not have the officers of this
country tied to the skirts of Senators and
pulling upon them. You must not run the
risk of a corrupt influence upon this body.
You must not make it an interested partici-
pant in the hot, ardent discussions of the
country with reference to these questions of
patronage.
Then, sir, keeping it separate, as it has been
heretofore, allowing it only when important
officers are to be selected by the executive I
January 1"5,
department to express its opinion;, not to go
into investigations such as would be necessary
in cases ot removal, it will perform its ap-
propriate functions and preserve its just influ-
ence. Selected as its members are from every
State of the Union, they have a general knowl-
edge of character and of competency in men
who aro to be selected for public stations, and
when'the President asks their opinion or advice
they can give it in a summary manner. This
power of advice gives dignity to the proceedings
of Government; but the Senate does not select
these officers. Ordinarily, it does not reject
' them. Itis-a power not odious; it is a power
which does not connect the Senate too in-
timately with questions of money and offiee,
but leaves its dignity intact and its influeilce
unbroken. I desire it to maintain its charac-
ter, to be' what it was intended to bo, the great
House of the States, where their voice shall be
spoken and their will and their opinions npon
public affairs maintained ; that it shall not be
an active instrument in the scrambles for office
in the country; that it shall not be tied to the
interests of men who hold" lucrative positions
under the Government; that it shall not at-
tempt to dictate to the President whom he shall
select for office, because that will Be the effect
of giving new power over removals; that men
shall not come here and through Senators dic-
tate appointments and rftnovals to the execu-
tive department; that you shall not render
that department contemptible; and finally,
that you shall not extend to this branch of the
Legislature a jurisdiction which it cannot exer-
cise without public odium, without a loss of its
own dignity, nor without injury to that system
of government which we are all bound, so far
as our efforts will go, to maintain in its orig-
inal integrity and in its former luster.
The PRESIDIN G OETICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment moved by the Senator from "Wisconsin
[Mr. Howe] to the third section of the amend-
ment of the committee, to insert after the word
"Senate," in the ninth line of that section,
the words " or if no appointment by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate shall be
made to any office the term of which shall
expire during any session of the Senate, before
the expiration of that session."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted, for the reason that it inter-
feres with and is contradictory to the theory
of the main body of the amended bill. If that
theory is right, this amendment I think ought
not to go in. The bill proceeds upon the
ground that every officer who is rightfully and
regularly appointed, and who has not been .sus-
pended for some good cause, shall continue to
exercise the functions of that offiee until he
shall be removed by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate and his successor ap-
pointed, and until his term having expired his
successor shall have been agreed upon. Now,
then, if the amendment of my friend from Wis-
consin is agreed to, the effect of it will be
simply this: that in the ease of an officer whose
term expires, and his successor does nothappen
to be appointed with the advice and consent of
the Senate, the office becomes vacant; the
holder of the office goes out with the expiration
of the term, and then some subordinate who
happens to be present, and upon whom in the
case of a vacancy the law would devolve the duty
of performing the duty until the office was filled,
will exercise the functions of it. It appeare'd
to the committee, and I think it will commend
itself to the sense of the Senate, that in a case
of that description where there is no charge
against the officer and where the only reason
why he is to continue at all is the faet that his
successor is not yet agreed upon, it would be
bettor to allow the old officer to continue to
exercise the functions of the office until his
successor shall be appointed by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, instead of
declaring that the office shall bo vacant at the
expiration of the term.
And that is the law in a great many, I was
about to say all the States respecting State
appointments, municipal officers—all those per-
sons who discharge the functions of executing
the laws of the various States. They are gen-
erally appointed for a particular period of time
and until their successors shall be duly chosen
or appointed and qualified, it being thought
more fit that a person, against whom no charge
is brought and whose term has expired should
continue to exercise the functions of the office
ad interim until his successor is chosen than
that the offiee should be vacant. I should hope,
therefore, that the Senate would not declare
that at the expiration of the term of an officer
who is appointed for four years, and while the
question of who is to be his successor is being
considered, the office should be vacant and be
performed by some subordinate. I fail to see
the necessity or the propriety of it. I hope that
amendment may not be agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I am satisfied, after listening
to the explanation of the Senator from Vermont,
that I was mistaken in offering this amendment.
Th,e purpose I was aiming at was precisely the
purpose which he says is accomplished, and.
which I think on reflection is accomplished by
the first section of the bill; and therefore I
will withdraw the amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That amendment being
withdrawn, I will renew the amendment which
I proposed a few days ago, to strike out all of
the third section after the word "thereafter,"
in the sixth fine. I do not propose further to
discuss it.
The words proposed to be stricken out were
read as follows:
And if n  appointment, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, shall be made to such office
so vacant or temporarily filled, as aforesaid, during
such next session of the Senate, such offiee shall re-
main in abeyance, without any salary, fees, or emol-
uments attached thereto, until the same shall befilled
by appointment thereto, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate; and during such time all the
powers and duties belonging to sueh office shall bo
exercised by sueh other officer as may by law exer-
cise such powers and dutios in case of a vacancy in
such office.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following as a
new section:
And be it further enacted, That all officers or agents,
except clerks of Departments, now appointed by the
President or by the head of any Department, whoso
salary or compensation, derived from fees or other-
wise. exceeds $1,000 annually, shall be nominated by
the President and appointed by and with the advice
and consont of the Senate; and the torm of all such
officers or agents who have been appointed since the
1st day of July, 1866, either by tho President or by the
hoad of a Department, without the advice and con-
sent of tho Senate, shall expire on tho last day of
^February, 1867.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. It is a very sweeping
proposition. We cannot tell, without a careful
investigation by some committee, precisely what
officers it will operate upon, whether it ought
to go so far as it does; and it bears on the face
of it as connected with this bill, which is a gen-
eral one relating to the powers and duties of
the Senate, an implication that it is one part
of the purpose of this bill to undo something
which the President has done. Now, that is an
incorrect idea to be entertained respecting the
propositions embraced in this bill. It is pre-
cisely the idea that the opponents of the bill
are most anxious to have the country take up
and adopt.
I hope that my friend from Massachusetts
will not insist upon loading an important bill
of this description, which is to settle a high
principle, with a mere matter of detail, which
needs investigation, which is certainly open to
the implication and the imputation that it is
designed to be made the cover for repairing
some wrong which the President of the United
States has done. It has no fit place as an
amendment to this bill. It might just as well
be applied to any other bill; and any other
proposition respecting the administration of
affairs might just as well be loaded on this bill.
It is a subject separate and distinct, one that
belongs to itself, that ought to be considered
by itself, because all that this bill undertakes
