1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1909
enough there to fill the building, excepting the
Indians, who perhaps would not congregate in
it. When the time comes that such a building
as that will be useful in Dakota the Senator
will find that every member of the committee
to which I am attached will cheerfully vote for
it, but not before. But, sir, there is a neces-
sity for the construction of this building in the
Botanic Garden, unless Congress in its wisdom
shall determine to destroy everything like an
improvement in the interest of the Botanic
Garden.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I offer the following
amendment as an additional section: '
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of i
War is hereby authorized, at hia discretion, to in-
crease the pay of the clerks of the United States
armory at Springfield, Massachusetts, to $1,200 per
annum, instead of $800, as now fixed by law.
I am directed by the Committee on Military
Affairs to offer this amendment. I have also
explained it to the Senator from Ohio, who
has charge of this bill, [Mr. Sherman,] and i
have his approval to the offering of the amend- '
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to offer an amend-
ment, to come in on page 13, after the amend-
ment of the committee in relation to the ex-
tension of the Treasury building. This build-
ing, which I have regarded with a great deal
of interest, as I suppose all of us have, one of
the most superb buildings on the face of the
earth, has had the misfortune to have had a
series of architects, each of whom thought it
necessary to put on some little alteration, which
generally has been a departure from the plan
of the building, to signalize his own adminis-
tration. You will recollect, Mr. President,
that a year or two ago we interfered to prevent
an alteration that was to fill up the recess
fronting on the Potomac, so as to make two or
three more rooms there. The original plan of
the building, I understand—indeed every one
must see that it must have been the original
plan—was to have a balustrade go across the
roof of the building what is called the eave;
but that has been departed from, and there is
a row of galvanized iron leaves stuck up there.
Any person on looking at it will see that it is
a great deformity. The architect, I know,
desires to restore the original plan ; and we
passed an amendment to this effect in the
appropriation bill last year; but it was lost in
the House, I suppose from some misunder-
standing. The amendment which I propose
now to offer is so carefully guarded that the
change cannot be made if it requires any addi-
tional expense or is not deemed proper. It is
to insert the following:
Provided, That the supervising architect of the
Treasury building, in accordance with the recom-
mendation in his annual report, with the approba-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, is hereby di-
rected to remove the galvanized iron ornaments on
the west front, and to complete the building in har-
mony with the original design.
It cannot be done without the approbation
of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the architect
should be "authorized," not "directed," to
make this change.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir; that would be
better, and I will modify the amendment in
that way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it very likely"
that that alteration ought to be made at some
time, but I doubt very much whether it is
advisable to undertake it now, because it can-
not be done without considerable expense,
and we are appropriating $100,000 for that
building for this year to complete it. It can
stand well enough for two or three years and
be done afterward as well. The history of
this matter is a very disagreeable one. A
former architect, not the present one, had all
the stone cut to make this balustrade conform
to the balustrade in front and on the other
parts ef the building. The material was all
prepared, or very nearly prepared, at an ex-
pense, I think, of twenty or twenty-five thou-
sand dollars. It would cost now probably not
less than $30,000. The late architect, it
seems, got an idea, whether it was from some
contract that he wanted to make or whether
he thought it would make a lighter and pret-
tier appearance, to put up this iron balustrade
or these iron leaves; and one day, as I under-
stood it, he had the Secretary of the Treasury
out there and suggested some little alteration
he wanted to make on the other corner, and
explained it so that the Secretary did not
understand, as many Secretaries do not such
explanations, and the Secretary assented to it
verbally. Before anything further was known
all this stuff was put there at an expense of
ten or twelve thousand dollars, this iron bal-
ustrade, and there it is.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is not a balustrade.
If it was it would not be so unsightly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What do you call it?
Mr. ANTHONY. They are leaves, an ir-
regular surface making an irregular skylight.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Whatever you please
to call it—I am not very well acquainted with
the terms properly applicable—it was put
around on the top of the building to give it an
appearance, and all the stone that was cut out
was used for another purpose, put down below
there, and you can see it at any time around
the building.
Mr. ANTHONY. Can it not be put on
there now?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know whether
it can or not. It cannot without under this
arrangement costing a great deal of money,
besides throwing away this iron, which must
have cost $15,000. You have no other place
to put it. Certainly it would cost $30,000 to
do the other thing. Now, although it mavbe,
when we have money, very proper to do it
after we get the building finished, in order to
complete it, I doubt the wisdom of going to
the expense now. It will really occasion an
expense, I think, to the Government more
than it ought to pay at the present time when
that part of the building is doing well enough,
although that is unsightly. I hope, therefore,
the amendment will be withdrawn at present.
The reason probably why it did not pass at the
last session was that it was not thought worth
while to tear to pieces what was finished, al-
though badly finished, when we are expending
so much money in continuing the extension.
By and by I think perhaps it ought to be done
when we can afford to do it; but at present it
would take, besides having time devoted to it
that ought to be devoted entirely to the exten-
sion, which is very much needed, a very large
portion of the appropriation we have here
made. I hope, therefore, the Senator will
withdraw his amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that the
plan of this building was fixed by act of Con-
gress, and that neither the architect nor the
Secretary had a right to change it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose it was; is it
worth while for us to expend a large amount
of money on its embellishment now ?
Mr. ANTHONY. We are spending money
on the embellishment of the building con-
tinually, and I suppose it is at least fair to pre-
sume that the new extension will be embel-
lished in the same hideous manner as the other
portions of the building.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all, because
that architect has gone out; and the Secretary
and Assistant Secretary both saw the mistake
that was made, and also the present architect.
Mr. ANTHONY. But if this architect is
turned out and another one appointed he may
have some new monstrosity of his own.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The present architect
is a man of taste and ability.
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe he is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And although he wants
this done, I think it had better be postponed
to some future time.
Mr. ANTHONY. He recommends it in his
report.
Jlr. FESSENDEN. Very well; but as it
answers the purpose we can bear the unsight-
liness of it a little longer, until we have com-
pleted the extension, which is absolutely neces-
sary, and not spend this money upon it at the
present time. I trust, therefore, that the
amendment will not be adopted. I hope my
friend will withdraw it.
Mr.'ANTHONY. It is no use to withdraw
it. If the Senator from Maine is against it, of
course the Senate will vote it down ; but we
will take a vote upon it.
The amendment was rejected—ayes four,
noes not counted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer the following
amendment, to come in as a new section:
And be it further enacted. That so much of section
twenty-four of an act approved February 21, 1864,
entitled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An act
for enrolling and calling out the national forces, and
for other purposes,'" approved March 3,1863, as pro-
vides that the Secretary of War should appoint a
commission in each of the slave States then repre-
sented in Congress, charged to award to each loyal
person to whom a colored volunteer might owe ser-
viceajust compensation, not exceeding $300 for such
colored volunteer, be suspended until otherwise pro-
vided by law, and that the duties and compensation
of the commissioners heretofore appointed under said
section shall cease from the date of the passage of
this resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON obtained the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If my friend from
Maryland will allow me, I wish to appeal to my
friend from Illinois to withdraw that amend-
ment. This bill has now been under consid-
eration for two days, and as soon as it is dis-
posed of I must ask the Senate to take up the
bill to amend existing laws relating to internal
revenue ; but if these matters of general legis-
lation in regard to other things, and which will
excite debate and controversy, are to go on this
bill, it is impossible for us to get through. I
really hope my friend will withdraw the amend-
ment and offer it as a separate proposition.
If he attempts to put it on here, it will make a
long debate, and it will be absolutely impossi-
ble for us to get through with the necessary
business of the session if the debate on this
bill is to be protracted. The Senator from
Maryland already rises to contest it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As we are voting away
so much money in this bill, I thought it would
be the very best place to put on a provision
which is intended to keep money in the Treas-
ury. If I could only get time to have this prop-
osition considered, I would just as soon con-
sider it here as anywhere else ; but if I move
to take this up in the morning, my friend from
Maine will come in with another appropriation
bill, and tell us that we must have that consid-
ered, and I shall not be able to get the consid-
eration of this measure. If he will promise me
that he will suffer it to be considered in the
morning, and will not take up an appropriation
bill to get it out of the way, if I can possibly
get the floor and get it up, I will withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot say that to the
Senator. I will say to him, however, that as
soon as the necessary bills of the session are
disposed of I will not only withdraw all objec-
tion, but will help him to pass the measure ;
but now it will give rise to so much debate and
interfere with so much business that we must
do, that I really hope the Senator will withdraw
it. It is general legislation on another subject;
it has nothing in the world to do with this bill,
and it only makes a difficulty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has this much to do
with it: this is a bill appropriating a great
deal of money, and if the proposition which I
have submitted passes, it will stay the drain on
the Treasury to some extent. However, I will
withdraw it; but I wish to give notice that I
shall try to get it up to-morrow as a separate
measure. It is a House bill and only needs
our action here to become a law.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Theamend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. ROSS. I wish to offer an amendment
which will have the effect the Senator from
Illinois desires of keeping some money in the
Treasury. It is on page il, section seven, line
sixteen, after the word "exceeding" to insert
"two dollars per page for the publication of
