1867,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to do is to regulate the tenure of office, and not
to name the classes of persons who shall be
treated as principal officassm the Government,
so to speak, and be nominated and appointed
by and with the advice and qonsent of the
Senate, as distinguished from those inferior
offices suggested in the Constitution, the ap-
pointment of which may be vested in the
President or the heads of Departments or
the courts of law. I trust that my friend from
Massachusetts will not encumber this measure,
vi i^uvouiv/tio iiuivu giun vsuv ui uio utiicuuuivuw
which have no proper relation to the bill, and
which expose it to animadversion and expose
it to criticism which does not justly belong to
the measure itself.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the propo-
sition that I have offered .now I moved yester-
day on another bill in -a slightly different form,
but it was substantially the same. I did not
understand at that time that there was any
objection to it in principle. It was opposed
as not being germane to the bill in hand; or
if it was germane to the bill in hand, its adop-
tion on that bill was supposed in some way to
embarrass its passage. On that ground, as I
understand, it was opposed, it was not op-
posed on its merits. 'Senators who spoke
against it avowed their partiality to it, if I
understood them aright, and they said that if
they had an opportunity on any proper bill
they would vote for it.
Well, sir, I now move it again oti another
bill; to which I believe all will admit that it is
entirely germane. There is no suggestion
that it is not germane.. It is completely in
order. But the objection of the Senator from
Vermont, if I understand him, is, that it may
interfere somewhat with the symmetry of his
bill; it may introduce an element which he,
who has that bill in charge and now conducts
it so ably, had not intended to introduce.
Very well, sir, that may be said; but 1 do
not think it is a very strong objection to the
measure.
Then again, if I understood the Senator'
aright, "he said that this amendment if ingrafted
on his bill migfit endanger it. I think he is
mistaken in that. I think so far from endan-
gering it, it would give it strength.
Mr. HO WE. Merit.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend says merit. It
would give it both strength and merit. Why
would it give it both strength and merit? Be-
cause it is a proposition which grows out of
the exigency of the hour. His bill on a larger
scale is just such a proposition: it grows out
of the exigency of the hour; and that is the
strength and the merit of-his original bill. W e
shall pass that, if we do pass it—and I hope
we shall—in order to meet a crisis. We all
feel its necessity. But the proposition which.
1 now move grows equally out of the exigencies
of the hour. If it is ingrafted on the bill, it
will be like the original measure, to meet the
demands of the moment. It will be because
without it we shall leave something undone
which we ought to do.
Now, I ask Senators about me is there any
one who doubts that under the circumstances
such a provision as this ought to pass? Is
there any one who doubts, after what we have
seen on a large scale, that the President, for
the time being at least, ought to be deprived
of the extraordinary function which he has
exercised? He has announced openly in a
speech that he meant to "kick out of office "
present incumbents, and it was in that pro-
ceeding, " kicking out of office," that on his
return to Washington afterward he undertook
to remove incumbents wherever he could.
Now, sir, it seems to me that we owe our pro-
tection to these incumbent.s go far as possible.
It belongs to the duty of tho hour. If the Sen-
ator from Vermont will tell me any other way
in which this proposition can be promoted suc-
cessfully I shall gladly follow him : tat until
then I think that I ought to insist that it shall
share the fortunes of the bill which ho is now
conducting, "enjoyits triumph,and partakoifca
If his bill succeeds, then let this meas-
ure, which is as good as the bill, succeed also.
But the suggestion has been made that the
proposition should be matured perhaps in a
committee. Why, sir, the proposition is very
simple. Any one can mature it who applies
his mind to it for a few moments. But, sir,
it has already been before the Senate now for
several days, discussed once, twice, three
times, I think, not elaborately, but still dis-
cussed, so that its merits have been brought
tp the attention of the Senate; and beside its
discussion in open Senate I am a witness that
it has been canvassed in conversation mueh.
There are many Senators with whom I have
had an opportunity of conversing upon it who
have applied their minds to it, and I may say
that in offering it now I do not merely speak
for myself but for'others, and the proposition
in the form in which it is now proposed is not
merely my own, but it is the proposition of
many other Senators on this floor to whose
careftfl supervision it has been submitted.
Therefore, sir, I say that the proposition is
matured, so far as that may be needed, and
there is no reason why the Senate now having
it before it should not act upon it. Why post-
pone what is in itself so essentially good? Why
put off to some unknown future the chance of
^applying a remedy to an admitted abuse? Is
there any one here who insists that this is not
an abuse, that here has not been a tyrannical
exercise of power? No one. Then, sir, let
us apply the remedy. This is the first chance
we can get. Let us take it.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts intimates that all of us who opposed
this amendment yesterday and other days sub-
stantially admitted that it was right in itself,
and merely contended that it ought not to be
attached to the bill then under consideration.
For one I do not admit that proposition.
When he first introduced the amendment I
had very strong doubts of its propriety, and
reflection has only confirmed me in those
doubts.
He says this proposition has been matured. I
believe that even if Senators have thought of
this proposition there are only a few here who
know to what extent it reaches. There are only
a few of us who understand it in its details. I
undertake to say to the Senate here to-day that
this proposition includes thousands upon thou-
sands of officers now appointed by the different
heads of Departments. It includes, or may in-
clude, all the assistant assessors now appointed
by the Secretary of the Treasury on the recom-
mendation of the assessors, numbering at least
two thousand in this Union. It also includes
all the inspectors and weighers and gaugers
and clerks in the various custom-houses in
this country, now appointed nominally by the
Secretary of the Treasury, but on the recom-
mendation generally of the collectors. Is it
desirable that these appointments should be
made by the President of the United States
and sent here to the Senate to lumber up and
incumber the business of this body ? I think
not. sir. I think it better that practically the
collectors of the different custom-houses should
have these appointment as they now have them.
It also includes, as I believe, the employes iu
the various navy-yards in this country, now
appointed by the Secretary of the Navy or
heads of bureaus under him. I think this
amendment is of very doubtful policy indeed,
and I hope it will not be ingrafted on this'bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts first
this proposition I had very great dc
it. My doubts have continued and they are as
strong now as they wore in the beginning. I
cannot tell exactly how far the proposition may
extend; but experience has satisfied me that
all legislation of this kind which is directed to
the overthrow of a practice upon which the
Government has proceeded for years, in fact
since its foundation, under laws passed by Con-
gress regulating the different Departments and
tho connections of the different Departments,
and particularly such legislation adopted oil the
spur of the moment, without having an exam-
ination by a committee to see what its opera-
tion will be, is very dangerous in itself, and
for that reason I was opposed to acting upon
tie proposition when he first submitted it until
it should have had a thorough examination. -
The honorable Senator from Mass&ehaeetts
says its operation is easy to understand, no-
body can have a doubt of its propriety, and
therefore aH we have got to do is to pass it.
My friend from Massachusetts is peculiar fa
that respect. There are others like him, I
know; 1 do not mean to say that he stands
alone, but when anything appears clear to
his own mind he cannot imagine that it is not
perfectly clear to everybody else, both as to
its propriety and its correctness, and therefore
the man who doubts it either wants honesty
or wants intelligence.
Mr. SUMNER. No. = -:
Mr. FESSENDEN. That fiecms to be the
idea of the Senator's speeches at any rate! ff
he does not think so, he does not talk as he
thinks. The obvious inference from my friend's
style of argument is, that where he is clear,
everybody else ought to be; and if everybody
else is not, it is owing to some defect in every-
body else and not in him!
Now, sir, the facts stated by my honorable
friend from New Hampshire are incontrovert-
ible. There are thousands of officers in this
country who from the foundation of tho Gov-
ernment and under the operation of existing
laws have been appointed by the heads of de-
partments without being confirmed 'by the
Senate, and they have been increasing; and
it is so from the necessity of the case, and no
particular evil has been found- to follow from
it. Those persons are employ6s, if yoii please
to call them so, in the different Departments
of the Government that have been specified
by my honorable friend from New Hampshire.
Take the city of New York; there are con-
nected with the New York custom-house a
very large number of inspectors, a very large
number of weighers and gaugers, ana other
officers, appointed by the Secretary of the
Treasury generally on the nomination of the
collector himself who is at the head of the
office. The law so provides, and has provided
for it from the beginning of our custom-house
system. It results from the necessity of the
case. The head of the office is the best judge
as to who are the men who may properly be
employed to discharge these various duties,
and consequently the nomination has been left
to him, and the appointment is made by the
head of the Department here confirming that
nomination, he being responsible for the exe-
cution" of tho laws in his Department for the
collection of duties and for the proper conduct
of the Department itself.
Sir, contemplate whatastate of things would
be produced if yon brought the nominations
of all these minor custom-house officers who
receive over $1,000 a year (and thete are very
few of them now who do not receive that) to
the President, to be sent by him to the Senate
for confirmation. It would introduce at the
White House "confusion worse confounded,"
infinitely beyond anything that we see there
now. fie would not be able to judge of tho
qualifications of all these various persons. It
would bring all these offices into party politics
in the most objectionable manner. Every man
holding an office or desiring One would be
besetting those supposed to have influence;
and if I should continue to be a member of
Congress I should not want the additional curse
(for it is bad enough now) of having these
minor officers all coming to* me with their
letters and petitions and grumbling and growl-
ing and swearing if they could not have their
own way. I prefer to leave the matter to the
officer who is at the head of the proper-Depart-
ment and who is properly responsible.-'
Again, there must be a proper responsi-
bility about this. No man can take a depart-
ment like the New York custom-house orTBos-
ton custom-house and carry it on if every
subordinate under him Who receives $1,000
