4*7.2
TIE GONG-SESSIONAL GLOBS.
January 15,
ted the following resolution ; ■which wjas road,
considered, and agreed to: .
Besobed, That the Joint Select Commit too on Re-
trenchment be directed to inquire why, in the pres-
ent stringent .condition of-thcNew York money mar-
ff1a^i1tiii«>AnAtf KfllnwAa in  J.L — X
or any part of it arises or has .arisen from the sale of
goid; and whether any agent of the Department, or
any officer of the Uovcrnmant has within the last thirty
days loaned gold belonging to the 0ovo.rf nut:n t to any
person or persons or^toSwy institution; and if so4 to
what institution, .toot what consideration, for what
purpose, upon what security, and to what amount.
murder obCaptain montgomery.
Mr, WASHBURN, of Indiana, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed'to :
Iimolvnd, That the special committee to investigate
the murdor of Union men in South Casplina be in-
structed to inquire into the faots connected -with the
murder of Captain Montgomery, an officer of the
United States, by confederate" soldiers under the
command of George W. Chilton, now-seeking admis-
sion as a member of this House,said Montgomery, as
is reported, having been kidnapped in the city of
Matamoras, Mexico, carried over the Bio Grande,-
hilng to a tree until dead, and had his head and right
arm.cut off and sent to his former home in Texas as a
trophy.
pay of hon. a. h. .cof.kroth.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I ask
unanimous consent to submjtfor consideration
at this time the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Ser-geaint-at-Arms be, and is
hereby, authorized and4dircctted to pay Alexander
H.' Coffroth the amount of increased pay as a mem-
ber of this House provided by lawyfroin the com-
mencement of the Thirty-Ninth Congress to th;e
period when he ceased to be a member.
Mr. KOONTZ. I object.
tucker's beach inlet.
Mr. NEWELL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Beiolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
requested to inquire into the, expediency of placing
buoys at an inlet lately formed at Tucker's Beach, in
the bay of Little Egg Harbor, on the coast of New
Jersey, and that they report by bill or otherwise.
colored mutual building association.
Mr. KOONTZ, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to incorporate the Colored Mutual
Building Association of the city of Washing-
ton ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
foreign-born citizens in washington.
Mr. KOONTZ, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee for the District of
Columbia adversely upon the petition of citi-
zens of foreign birth residing in the city of
Washington, praying for equal rights and privi-
leges with negroes; which was laid upon the
table.
admission op nebraska.
Mr. ALLISON. I call for the regular order
ofbusiness.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of Senate bill No. 456, for
the admission of the State of Nebraska into the
Union, which bill was pending at the adjourn-
ment yesterday. The previous question has
been seconded, and the pending question is
upon ordering th° main .question to be now put.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to reconsidcr
the vote by which the demand for the previous
question was seconded.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to inquire 
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order._
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to ask a question
of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. That is in order.
Mr. STEVENS. The question pending
antecedent to the motion just made is, I be-
lieve, Shall the main question be ordered?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. STEVENS. If that question be deter-
mined in the negative will it not have the
same effect as the reconsideration of the vote
seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. If the main question he
not ordered the bill_ will be divested of .the
operation of the previous question.
Mr. GHANLER. If the motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio £Mr. Ashley] to lay on the
t$b,le the motion to reconsider should .prevail,
what would {.hen be the josifipfi 0/ the ques-
tion?
The SPEAKER. The jiext question would
be. Shall the main .question be now put ?
Mr. THAYER. I call for tellers on the
motion to lay on the table the motion to recon-
sider.
Tellers .were .ordered; and Mr. Thayeb
and Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, were appointed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Cannot this question be
taken by yeas and nays ?
The SPEAKER: The vote on this motion
to reconsider cannot be taken by yeas and
nays, because the vote on seconding the pre-
vious question cannot be taken by yeas and
nays.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understood the Chair
to rule differently the other day.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is mis-
taken. The Chair stated on that occasion that
the question on reconsidering the vote order-
ing the main question could be taken by yeas
and nays, because the vote on ordering the
main question could be so taken. The motion
now is to reconsider the vote seconding the
previous question.
The House divided; and tho tellers reported
—ayes 61, noes 77.
So the motion to lay on the table the motion
to reconsider was not agreed to.
The question recurring on the motion to re-
consider the vote 'by which the previous ques-
tion was seconded, there were—ayes 70, noes 50.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurring on seconding the
demand for the previous question, there were
—ayes 50, noes 66. .
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I offer the following
amendment:
Strike out the third section in the following "words:
And be ii further enacted, That this act shall take
effect with the fundamental and perpetual condition
that within said State of Nebraska there shall be no
abridgment or denial of tho exercise of the elective
franchise, or of any other rigrht, to any person by
reason of race or color, (exccptinglndiansnottaxed.)
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
And be it further enacted. That this act shall take
effect with tho fundamental and perpetual condition
that within said State of Nebraska there shall be no
abridgment or denial of tho exorcise of the elective
franchise or of any other right to any person by
reason of race or color, excepting Indians not taxed;
and upon the furtherfundamental condition that the
Legislature of said State, by a solemn public act,
shall declare the assent of said State to tho said fun-
damental condition, and' shall transmit to the Pres-
ident of the United States an authentic copy of said
act, upon reccipt whereof tho President, by procla-
mation, shall forthwith announce the fact, whereupon
safd fundamental condition shall be held as a part
of the organic law of the State: and thereupon, and
without any further proceeding on the part of Con-
gress, tho admission of said State into the Union
shall be considered as complete. Said State Legis-
lature shall be convened by the territorial govern-
ment within thirty days after tho passage of this act,
to act upon tho condition submitted heroin.
Mr. ROSS. I ask whether we are not en-
titled to a division of the question on this
amendment, so that the vote shall first be taken
on striking out the third section?
Tho SPEAKER^jro tempore, (Mr. Cullom.)
A motion to strike out and insert is not divis-
ible under the rules of the House.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, I have not
much to add to what has been already said in
this debate. Without being well convinced as
to the legal effect of the section which is now
proposed to be stricken out, I am confident
that that section embodies a proposition which
ought not to receive the support of Congress in
the present condition of public affairs.
We are engaged in the great work of recon-
structing this Government, and I suppose if
we are committed to anything it is this: that
in theten States not now represented there shall
hereafter be 110 distinction on account of race
or Solor. Our friends in Tennessee are en-
gaged in a life and death struggle for the estab-
lishment of the principle that a man as a man
has 3, right to participate in the Government.
In the State of Iowq the contest is now going
on for the amendment-of their constitution, by
whichthey purpose to strike frpaj .the text a
provision corresponding exactly to that which
is incorporated in the constitution of the pro-
posed State of Nebraska,
Under these circumstances, and .after great
deliberation, I am resolyed as one member not
to giye my support to any proposition which
shall contravene the great purpose we have in
view., which the country seeks as the consum-
mation of the great war through which we
have passed, tho recognition of the rights of
ajl men to participate in the Government of
the country.
As a question of public policy in reference
to Nebraska, it is clear if Nebraska will not
accept through her Legislature the proposition,
I now submit to this House it is absolutely
inconceivable that we should believe Nebraska
will obey the proposition £he committee has
reported here, and which I move be stricken
from the text of this bill. It is plain if Ne-
braska desires to conform to the settled policy
of this country in reference to the right of,men
to participate in the Government, she' will
speedily accept the proposition w.c pow offer j
and if she will not accept this -proposition .she
ought not to be received into this Goyernment
as a State, -when we are contending with -all
the strength which the free people of this
country can command to secure this same prin-
ciple in ten revolted and at present rebellious
States.
And therefore I am willing to take the ground
in reference to Nebraska, to Colorado, to South
Carolina, and every State constituted out of
new territory, or reorganized out of the old
States, that they shall not coma here by their
representatives until they accept this funda-
mental principle of a republican form of gov-
ernment. And without further debate on my
part, nnjess some gentleman desires to be
heard, I shall ask for the vote.
Mr. EAL-B. tl ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, I do not rise for
the purpose of undertaking to discuss the very
momentous proposition which has been put
before the House by the distinguished gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell.] I
however wish to say so much as this: that for
one I utterly dissent from the whole political
doctrine which the gentleman has enunciated. "
I am not prepared either to take the ground
myself or willingly to see this House or the
country put themselves upon the ground that
no State of this Union, with the exception
Eerhaps of one or two New England States,
as ever yet had a republican form of govern-
ment, for that is the end to which the gentle-
man's logic leads.
If his doctrine be true, then I am a citizen of
a State where no republican form of govern-
ment exists; and the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts is a citizen of a State which has not a
republican form of government.
1 do not believe, sir, that the right of suffrage,
the right to participate in the Government, is
the inalienable right of the individual citizen in
any sense whatever. It ia a question solely of
governmental policy who shall be allowed to
take part in the government of the State, in the
election of its officers, in making its laws.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me ask the gentleman
one question. Suppose a government were
formed where every man was excluded from
voting and making the laws except twenty
named men, what is that?
Mr. HALE. The gentleman will excuse me
from answering that question, for the case he
puts is not the case the House is considering.
What is the character of that government where
the powers are lodged in the hands of the few,
or of one man, is by no means the question
before us. But it seems to me preposterous to
claim that a State of this Union, which limits
or restricts tho right of suffrage in the mariner
and to the extent which the almost universal
and unbroken practice of the States and of tha
