1912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Kirkwttod, Nye. Pomeroy, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilson. *nd Yates—-12.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Cowan,
Grimc-s, (Juthrio, Howard, McDougrall, Nesmith, Nor-
ton, Poland, Riddle, Sherman, and Van Winkle—13.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a little amend-
ment of phraseology necessary that escaped.
It is on page 19, lines four hundred and forty-
five, four hundred and forty-six, and four hun-
dred and forty-seven. It now reads:
To enable the register of deeds of tho District of
Columbia to pay for books of record furnished, and ;
fitting necessary shelving in his office, $600. ,
I think that should be changed. I move to j
strike out the words "register of deeds of the
District of Columbia," and to insert "Secre-
tary of the Interior;" in line four hundred and
forty-six I move to insert the word "hereto- ;
fore" before the word " furnished," and after
the game word to insert "in the office of the !
register of deeds in the District of Columbia:
and in line four hundred and forty-seven I move
to strike out the word " his" and to insert the
■word "said;" so that the clause will read:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay for
books of record heretofore furnished in the office of
the register of deeds in the District of Columbia, and
fitting necessary shelving in said office, $600.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it a deficiency? The
word " heretofore" confines it to something
already done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that this
has already been done, and this is an appro-
priation to pay for it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BOSS. I wish now to renew the amend-
ment that I offered in Committee of the Whole.
As I now offer it, it is to come in as a proviso
at the end of the seventh section :
Provided, That the rates fixed in this section to be
paid for the publication of the treaties and laws of
the United states in the States therein designated
shall alio be paid for the same publication! in all the
States not therein designated.
The purpose of this amendment is simply to
equalize the payment for this class of service by
the newspaper press of the country, and I hope
the Senate will not permit the bill to go out
with the unfair distinction which it now con-
tains between the northern and southern press.
I simply ask that the northern press may be
paid the same amount that this section pro-
vides shall be paid to the papers in the ten
States enumerated in it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN. I wish to suggest an amend-
ment to the one that was adopted last evening
to the second section relating to the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings. I suppose it is not
strictly in order; but I wish to suggest.that in-
ctead of the President of the Senate and the
Speaker of the House of Representatives, the
Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate and the Clerk
of the House be authorized to appoint the
police officers of the Capitol.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That section has been
already adopted in the Senate, and it cannot
be amended.
Mr. CRAGIN. I am aware that jt cannot
be amended except by general consent. It
will be perfectly apparent to every Senator
that nearly one half the time the President of
the Senate and Speaker of the House are
absent, and no one will have any charge and
direction of the police during the vacation. It
is necessary that this change should be made.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on ordering the amendments to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to reconsider
the vdte by which the amendment to the sec-
ond section was adopted, so as to get at the
amendment suggested by the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope it will not be
reconsidered. The matter has been well con-
sidered in the Senate. It is only taking the
power of appointment from the President of
the Senate and Speaker of the House and
putting it into the hands of the Sergeant-at-
Arms. If it is necessary that the Sergeant-at-
Arms should control the men, that can be done
by an order of the Senate at any time, if they
think it best that he should have the control
of them after they are-appointed ; but this is
only a question as to the appointment, and the
appointment is well enough vested in the Pre-
siding Officers of the two Houses. It is a ques-
tion of considerable patronage, and there is no
sort of objection to its being done in that way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know nothing about
it. The Senator says it was considered. It
was not considered at all in the Senate. I was
here, and I did not hear the matter suggested
at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That particular matter
was.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was done on motion
in the Senate, and was not considered at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There was a long de-
bate about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not one word of debate.
The Senator from Ohio proposed that the Pre-
siding Officers of the two Houses should ap-
point the Capitol police, and everybody agreed
to it. Now, the suggestion is this : I do not
know whether there is force in it; 1 have
heard it, and it struck me there was force in
it—the Presiding Officers of the two Houses
are not here except during the session j during
the recess of Congress they are not here at all;
these police officers ought to be responsible to
somebody ; the Clerk of the House has charge
of the House wing, and he ought certainly to
have some control over the police about the
House of Representatives; our Sergeant-at-
Arms has the control of this wing of the build-
ing, and they are the proper persons to select
these officers, as it struck me. That matter
was not considered in the Senate at all, and
the suggestion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire was that by unanimous consent the
change be made. That was objected to, and
I made the motion to reconsider in order that
the Senate might reconsider it. It seemed to
me that there was force in the suggestion that
these persons who have charge of the building
during the recess should be responsible to the
officers who have the charge of the building,
who I understand are the Clerk of the House
and the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The President of the
Senate has charge of the Senate portion of the
building, and always has had, and the Speaker
of the House of the other wing. That is the
rule with regard to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is the law now. They
have the charge of the building, and this sec-
tion simply places in the power of these two
officers the appointment of the custodians of
the property. The amendment was moved by
me upon the suggestion of the present Com-
missioner of Public Buildings, who saw he was
about to be disposed of, and said that while he
had that patronage it gave him a great deal of
trouble, and yet it was really invested in the
President of the Senate and Speaker of the
House, who by law had the custody of the
whole, and he was bound by law to obey their
orders, and he thought it was better to give
them the appointment directly of the custo-
dians of this building, the police. That is all
there i.< of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question on the motion to
reconsider?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not press the
motion to reconsider if the suggestion does not
strike the Senate as it struck me. My object
was to get at it. I supposed from what I had
heard stated in regard to it that there was a
manifest propriety in the control of the build-
ing being under somebody who is here. I was
not aware that the law provided that the Pre-
siding Officers had control of the building. I
supposed this building was under the control
of the Commissioner of Public Buildings.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Presiding Officer no
doubt can state the law. I have seen the law,
though, making those two officers responsible
for the building; but I am not sufficiently
familiar with its details to state it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to take
up any time with it. I supposed it would meet
with general concurrence.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Chair understand the Senator from Illinois to
withdraw his motion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time. It
was read the third time, and passed.
allotment of judges.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House to the bill (S. No. 634) to
provide for the allotment of the members of
the Supreme Court among the circuits, and for
the appointment of a marshal for the Supreme
Court.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ment, but was interrupted by
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senate will
understand what that amendment is by a sin-
gle word. The Senate passed a bill author-
izing the justices of the Supreme Court of the
United States to allot themselves among the
circuits, and a section of the bill also author-
izes them to appoint a marshsrt for the Supreme
Court of the United States. The House of
Representatives have returned the bill with an
amendment, authorizing the supreme court of
the District of Columbia to appoint a marshal
for the District of Columbia. I move that the
Senate disagree to the amendment of the House.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
internal revenue.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1161, to amend existing laws relating to
internal revenue. I merely wish to get it up.
We must go on with it at once this evening if
we expect to pass it.
Mr. HOWE. I told the Senate yesterday
that I should ask them this evening to give me
about an hour to dispose of some bills reported
from the Committee on Claims. We are
almost at the end of the session, but I do not
think it will take over an hour to consider
them. The bill which the Senator from Maine
has in charge of course will be passed any way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know about
that. That is the very reason why I want to
take it up at once.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Committee on
Claims ought to have some time.
Mr. HOWE. We have not occupied the
time of the Senate but very little during the
S6SS10Q.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They can be passed
after we pass this bill. They are bills, I sup-
pose. from the House, to which there will be
no objection. I must get this bill forward,
because we must have probably a committee
of conference on it, and I cannot possibly yield
under such circumstances. If the Senate in-
tend to pass it at all they must proceed with
it at once. These matters of private claims
are certainly not of that public importance
which this is.
Mr. HOWE. They are not of that public
importance, but they touch individuals very
closely.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This bill tonches the
whole community.
Mr. HOWE. None of my cousins are pro-
vided for in any of these bills, but other mem-
bers are interested in them, and I leave it to
the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have a recess.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After this bill is taken
up we can take a recess.
The motion of Mr. Fessenden was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now more that the Senate
take a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Half past seven. It is
a quarter after five now. I move to substitute
half past seven o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. Well, I will say half past
seven.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
accordingly took a recess until half past seven
o'clock p. m.
