1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOW
Federal Government from the adoption of the
Constitution has sanctioned, has not a repub-
lican form of government within the meaning
of the Constitution.
Let me put the question back to the distin-
guished gentleman from Pennsylvania. Is
that a republican form of government, accord-
ing to his theory, in which one hundred male
citizens qf full age may vote and one hundred
female citizens of eq^al intelligence and equal
qualification in every other respect cannot
vote ? We have always recognized the doctrine
that the -right of suffrage might bo limited.
We recognize it to-day. I trust we shall never
fail to do so, and also .to recognize the doctrine
that under our Constitution this whole question
ought to remain where the Constitution puts it,
in th§ control of the States themselves and not
of the Federal Government.
J have already gone further than I intended
in the discussion of this question. My purpose
when I rose was simply to appeal to gentlemen
on tbis'side.offehe House, and who are disposed
to support the principle now laid down by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bout-
well,] or to support any qualification of this
kind, not to second the demand for the pre-
vious question, but to give an .opportunity to
gentlemen who wish to discussg if to be heard.
And I do it more particularly because the mi-
nority in this House has had no opportunity to
be heard on this question. I certainly think on
a question of such importance as this it would
be an act of oppression to deprive them of that
opportunity. I beg leave to remind gentlemen
that although we are in a great majority here,
while it may be excellent—
" S,0 !wye a «'ant'8 strength,yet it is tyrannous
To nso it like a giant."
I certainly hope the previous question will
not be seconded until a fair opportunity is af-
forded for discussion.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I yield eight minutes
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Le Blond.]
Mr. LB BLOND. Mr. Speaker, as a mem-
ber of the minority I feel as though I ought to
at least tender my sincere thanks to the gen-
tleman who has so kindly extended to me eight
minutes of time upon a question that is of
great magnitude, one that the Senate of the
united States has discussed for days, and one
that the American people to-day feel a deeper
interest in than perhaps any other one ques-
tion presented to them, unless it be that of
the pretended right to reorganize the Union.
Yet, sir, gentlemen having control of this bill
are farming out the time chiefly to members
upon their own side of the House, occasionally
eight minutes to this side. It is refreshing,
however, to the minority to find upon the other
side some few who still remember that the
Constitution of the United States is to be
respected even by the majority.
I was no little surprised, however, yester-
day, to hear my colleague, [Mr. Bingham,]
after denouncing the third section of this bill
as a .usurpation of power on the part of the
Federal Government, follow it up by saying
that he nevertheless would vote for the bill.
It is astounding that men who take an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States
will boldly assort upon this floor that the very
provision they are called to vote upon is a
violation of that Constitution, a usurpation on
the part of this Congress of the powers of the
State, of no more validity than apiece of brown
paper,, and yet vote for it.
In the limited time that is allotted to me by
the kindness of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, whose magnanimity and liberality is
•scarcely paralleled, in the eight minutes that
1 am permitted to speak upon that great con-
stitutional question, I mugt proceed simply to
state my objection to this proposition, and the
reasons why I shall vote against it. It has
never been claimed until within the last four
years that Congress has any power over the
elective -franchise in the States, but on the con-
trary that that power was conferred upon the
States by the provisions of the Federal Con-
stitution, and tney alone can exercise it. Now,
sir, if it be true that we can prevent this State
from coming into the Union by fixing eondi-
tions-precedent to its admission, and that upon
the ground that it is not republican in form,
then I say that this Congress has power to say
to the State of Ohio, -which I have the honor
to represent in part, ^hat because she permits
none but white male ■citizens over the age of
twentv-onjs years to vote she shall be turned
out of the Union as not having a republican
form of government. Yet that is the doctrine
{.hat is enunciated here—that those States which
do not confer upon their citizens suffrage with-
out respect to race or color (ire not republican
in form, and therefore not entitled to repre-
sentation Jiere. I repeat, if yo.u carry out
this doctrine in the admission of Nebrs«ka,
you can do it with reference to the States that
are in the Union to-day.
The third seetion of the bill provides-"^
Thi* jiet shall take-effect with the tumlarne^itp.l and
perpetual condition that within said State ofN ebraska
there-shall be n9 abridgement or denial of the exer-
cise of the elective franchise, or of -any other right,
to any persoa fay reason of race or color.
Sir, the constitution of Nebraska was sub-
mitted to the proper authority of Nebraska and
approved. It is -as they wish it, and she
now submits this constitution to Congress and
asks admission. You say No, unless you eon-
form to our views of republicanism, which is
equality before the law; a^d to accomplish this
you geek to force this-condition upon them. Sir,
I agree with my colleague [Mr. Bingham] that
it is an attempt to usurp power and of no more
force than a piece of brown paper. Bat why
do an unconstitutional act, knowing it to be so 1
Why enforce unnecessary conditions upon a
people about to be admitted in the Union be-
cause it is believed to be of no force? Why
compel them to litigate the question admitted
to be unconstitutional? Our duty is to pass no
unconstitutional act.
But, sir, the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bodtwell] is
no less objectionable than the section he wishes
to amend, but worse if possible. It requires
the territorial Legislature to provide by law
for suffrage to all people, without regard to
race or color, except Indiaus not taxed, and
then provides this enactment shall be a part of
the organic act of Nebraska. This is legisla-
ting by Congress for not only the people of a
Territory, but for the people of the State after
its admission.
Sir, it is not the love of the African that so
much disturbs the gentleman ; it is to put him
in a position that he can be used for power and
place.
Having said thus much and my time being
up, I must content myself with what I have said.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I yield five minutes to
thegentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.]
Mr. MAYNAKD. Mr. Speaker, the power
to admit States implies also the duty of exam-
ining and deciding whether they ought in our
opinion to be admitted; regard being had to
the extent of its population, boundaries, the
nature of its constitution, and everything else.
"R hat the views of the majority of this House
are with reference to the main question under-
lying this discussion I suppose nobody doubts.
It is insisted, however, that these views are
embodied in the third section of the bill now
before us.
Reference has been made in the course of
this debate to the joint resolution providing for
the admission of Missouri into the Union, in
which a condition was referred back to the
Legislature of that State, and it was provided
that if before a day named in the resolution
that condition was accepted by formal legisla-
tion of tho State it should be admitted under
proclamation of the President without any fur-
ther action by Congress.
My friend from Ohio on my left [Mr. Shei,-
lab.usgeu] intimates that the passage of this
third section of the bill would be a moral assur-
ance of the adoption of the principle for which
we contend. I submit to him. that the moral
assurance will be all the other way. The people
of Nebraska have adopted a constitution, in
which, they haisexestrissked the right of suffrage.
to white mea. They have -elected a Governor
 b| a Legislature, and have chosen Senators
and a Representative -who are standing here
ready to be admitted the inoiifteut that this
any similar biB shall pass. I coBCede that whit
ase called moral guarantees in political waiters
are much higher and greater assurances than
any forms of legal obligatkm; but what are the
moral obligations of this esSI? They are tktf
they will adhere to the limitation of the fran-
chise ae it stands m }their constitution, -and
nothing -else. We ma-y, in passing this bill,
intimate to them and to tiie country what our
views ^adpriwaples we, but we have no assur-
ance that those principles will be regarded or
that our views will be adopted by them, Qa
the otiier hapd, all the assurance we have is
that they #11 be disregarded and that our views
will Aot be adopted.
_ Let .us, as ,we did in the ease .of West Vir-
ginia,, submit this proposition to the people of
Nebraska, either -at the bailot-hes or in a con-
vention ealled for the purpose or&jy the Legis-
lature now in existence. If they will modify
their constitution in this way we shall then
have a moral assurance that the principle :for
which we contend will be incorporated as a
fundamental condition into their constitution,
an assurance which, to my mind, is of greater
validity than any mere provision of law that
■we may adopt. My friend, from Indiana [Mr.
Hiii] asked yesterday whether if their consti-
tution were now in tjhe form that we desise
they might not turn round after their ttdims--
sion and change it. To be sure they might.
Undoubtedly, as the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] intimates, they have full power
to do it; but if they came to us with such a
constitution we have a moral guarantee that
they will not do it; we shall have the highest
assurance that any people can give of their
future purposes.
I think, therefore, that we ought, in justice
to ourselves and to the people we represent,
and to what we must regard as their deiiberate
judgment, to send this question back to. the
people of Nebraska, and see whether they are
willing to give us and the country a guarantee
either in the form of a popular vote, a conven-
tional ordinance, or even an act of their Legis-
lature, that in the future they will adhere in
good faith to this great principle of suffrage.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will now yield the
floor to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. De-
lano.]
Mr. DELANO took the floor.
Mr. HILL. Will -the gentleman from Ohio
yield to me for a moment ? I desire to ask
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard]
a single question.
Mr. DELANO. I will yield to the gentle-
man if it will not come out of my time.
The SPEAKElt pro tempore, (Mr. Ccli-om
in the chair.) It will come out of the gentle-
man's time.
Mr. DELANO. Then the gentleman must
allow me to proceed.
Mr. Speaker, the people of the Territory of
Nebraska have organized a State government
and adopted a constitution, and have presented
it to the Congress of the United States for their
approval. I believe nobody asserts that that
government is not republican in form. If any
gentleman here does I would be glad that he
should say so.
Mr. KELLEY. I do.
Mr. DELANO. Well, sir, in the few re-
marks that I shall make I shall endeavor to
discuss that question. I understand that the
objection to the_ government of Nebraska as
being anti-republican is, that it does not extend
the right of suffrage to the negro race. I know
of no other objection to it, and I shall take ft
for granted that that is the only objection to it.
Now, if the State government of Nebraska is
for this reason not republican in form, I ask
how many State governments in this Union are
republican in form ? I live in a State having
exactly the same constitntion in that respect;
and 3New York has the same form virtually,
