1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1913
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed without amend-
ment the bill (S. No. 490) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide a temporary gov-
ernment for the Territory of Idaho," approved
March 3, 1863.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 501) amendatory
Of an act to provide a temporary govern-
ment for the Territory of Montana, approved
May 26, 1864, with an amendment, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolution, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 950) to amend the organic
acts of Arizona and New Mexico ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1063) to regulate and fix
the salary of the consul at Hamburg;
A bill (H. R. No. 1121) amendatory of the
organic act of Colorado Territory;
A bill (H. R. No. 1230) for the relief of the
widow of Andrew Cunningham ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 300) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to audit
and settle the accounts of John Sedgwick, col-
lector of internal revenue of the third collec-
tion district of California.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses' on the joint resolution (H. R. No.
222) prohibiting payments by any officer of
the Government to any person not known to
have been opposed to the rebellion and in
favor of its suppression.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to take up House joint
resolution No. 174. It is a little resolution
which will not occupy more than five inmates,
I think.
Mr. FESSENBEN. I will say to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky that I have been appealed
to by friends on this side of the House to give
way to allow them to call up various measures,
and I have told them uniformly that I could
not do it; and they said they would be satis-
fied unless I gave way to somebody else. I
must, therefore, insist upon going on with the
regular order of business.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall not interpose against
the wish of the honorable Senator.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would yield 'with
fleasure, but I am notified that if I yield to one
must to others.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The bill regularly before
the Senate is the bill (H. R. No. 1161) to
amend existing laws relating to internal rev-
enue. This bill is now before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole, and it will be read at
length. To facilitate business, unless objec-
tion be made, the amendments recommended
by the Committee on Finance will be consid-
ered as they are reached in their order as the
reading of the bill proceeds. The Chair hears
no objection, and that course will be taken.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in section nine before the word
"amended" in line five to insert "subse-
quently," and after "amended" to strike out
"by the act approved July 13, 1866;" so as to
read:
That the act entitled " An act to provide internal
revenue to support the Government, to pay interest
on the public debt, and for other purposes." approved
June 30,1864, as subsequently amended, he, and the
sanjeis hereby, amended as follows, namely.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line twenty-
nine of section nine to insert:
That section forty be amended by striking out the
following words: " that in ease a collector shall die,
resign, or be removed," and inserting in lien the fol-
lowing: " that in case of a Vacancy occurring in the
office of bollector by reason of death or any other
cause."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
"fine" in line forty-three of section nine to
insert "or penalty."
J The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
forty-eight to sixty-four of section nine in these
words:
That if any collector, assistant collector, assessor,
assistant assessor, inspector, district attorney, mar-
shal, or other officer, agent, or person charged with
the execution or supervision of the execution of any
of the provisions of this act, or of the act to which this
is amendatory, shall demand, or accept, or attempt
to collect, directly or indirectly, as payment or gift
or otherwise, any sum of money or other property of
value for the compromise, adjustment, or settlement
of any charge or complaint for any violation or
alleged violation of any of the provisions of this act,
except as expressly authorized by law so to do, he
shall be held to bo guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall
for every such offense be liable to indictment and
trial in any court of the United States having com-
petent jurisdiction, and on conviction thereof shall
be fined in double the sum or value of the money or
property received or demanded, and be imprisoned
in a penitentiary for a period of not less than one
year nor more than ten years.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section nine,
line seventy-two, to strike out " and" and
insert "or."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
eighty to eighty-six of section nine in these
words:
Also in the second proviso, after the words " that
manufactured tobacco" insert " or," and after the
word " snuff," immediately following, strike out the
words " or cigars, whether of domestic manufacture
or imported." Also in the latter part of said proviso,
after the word " tobacco" wherever it occurs, insert
the word " or," and strike out the words "or cigars"
wherever they occur.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
eighty-eight, eighty-nine, and ninety of section
nine in these words:
By striking out the paragraph commencing "on
oil, naphtha, benzine, benzole" down to the words
" ten cents per gallon," inclusive.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ninety-one
of section nine to strikeout "also" and insert
"by striking out."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ninety-
seven of section nine to strike out '1 two'' and
insert " one and one half;" so as to read:
On refined sugars, and on the products of sugar
refineries, not including syrup or molasses, a tax of
one and one half per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in
line one hundred and one and in line one hun-
dred and six of section nine the words "upon
which a tax or duty has been paid."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
one hundred and fourteen, one hundred and
fifteen, one hundred and sixteen, and one hun-
dred and seventeen of section nine in these
words:
Also, in the paragraph relating to " copper and
brass tubes" by striking out the words " five per
oent. ad valorem" and inserting in lieu thereof the
words " one fourth of one cent per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
one Tiundred and forty of section nine:
On manufactures exclusively of glass, three per
oent. ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike ont lines
one hundred and forty-six and one hundred
and forty-seven of section nine in these words:
On saddles, bridles, and harness, tiro per cent, ad
valorem*
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
one hundred and forty-seven of section nine:
Thai section ninety-four be amtnded by adding to
the end of said section the following words: " but no
tax shall be imposed upon the dyeing or redyeing or
reprinting of cloths or other articles, cxcept the pro-
cess of their manufacture."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "dyeing or" be-
fore " redyeing" and then to strike out " ex-
cept the process of their manufacture ;" so as
to read:
No tax shall he imposed upon the redyeing or
reprinting of cloths or other articles.
The amendment to the amendment was
adopted, and the amendment, as amended, was
agreed to.
| The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and fifty-nine of section nine to strike out
j " words ' ferry' where they occur twice " and
| insert "word 'three' where it occurs," and
j after "proviso" to insert "and inserting the
i words 'two and a half;' " so as to make the
j clause read:
That section one hundred and three be amended
j by striking out the word three where it occurs in the
second proviso, and inserting the words two and a
half, and by striking out the words until the 30th day
of April, 1867.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and seventy-three of section nine to strike
out after "affidavits" the words " and receipts
for the payment of money;" so as to make the
proviso read :
si nd provided further. That all affidavits shall be
exempt from stamp duty.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance whether
this operates to repeal the law which requires
a stamp upon writs issuing from the State
courts?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Affidavits and writs.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And all proceedings
in the State courts ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the end
of section nine:
The reduction of taxes provided in this section
shall take effect on and after March 1,1867.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section ten of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to insert after
the word "spirits " in line nine of section ten
the words "mineral oil."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to add to sec-
tion ten:
That section forty-three [of the act of July 13,1866]
be amended by striking out the last two sentences.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section eleven, contain-
ing the free list.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
insert after line nine of section eleven:
Bar, rod, hoop, band, sheet, and plate iron of all
descriptions, and iron prepared fOT the manufacture
of steel: Provided, That the exemption aforesaid
shall be confined exclusively to said articles In the
state and condition specified in the foregoing enu-
meration, and shall «ot be construed as exempting
spikes, nails, or any other manufactures of iron from
the taxes now imposed by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after "meats" in
line eighteen of section eleven to strike out
"not including" and insert "and;" so as to
make the clause read:
Canned and preserved meats and shell-fish.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty of
section eleven to strike out the word "on."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike ont after
"apple-paring machines" in line forty-five of
section eleven the following words
Grinders of coffee with hand-mills only, by retail
dealers for their own use, and for retailing where the
amount so ground does not exceed the value of $500
in any one year.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifty-three
of section nine to strike out "iron" after
