1288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
purely sectional. He would much rather have
it known that his predecessor in this body,
honored and esteemed here, took the same
ground that I do, and nobody supposed that he
was actuated by sectional hostility.
•Mr. DIXON. Mr.' President 
Mr. WILLIAMS. With the consent of the
honorable Senator, I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in excutive session, the doors were
reopened at ten minutes before five o'clock
p. m., and the Senate, on motion of Mr. Hen-
dricks, took a recess till seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock
p. m.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 545) for the relief of
John P. Stewart, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted the bill (H. R. No. 788) to
establish and protect national cemeteries, re-
ported it with amendments,
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to' introduce a bill (S.
No. 601) to amend an act approved July 28,
I860, entitled "An act to fix the compensa-
tion of certain collectors of the customs, and
for other purposes which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
soldiers' orphan home.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take ur> House
bill No. 8-18.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (II.
1!. No. 848) to amend an act entitled "An
not to incerporate the National Soldiers' and
Sailors' Orphan Home," approved July 25,
180G, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. WILSON. The bill was before the
Senate on a former occasion and recommitted
to the Committee on Military Affairs. That
committeo report a substitute which is much
shorter than the original bill. I do not think
the original bill need be read.
The Secretary r<jR,d the amendment, which
was to strike out all of the original bill after
tho enacting clause and in lieu thereof to in-
sert :
That the board of trustees of tho Soldiers' and
bailors Orphan Homo shall hereafter consist of
aeven persons, a majority of whom shall constitute
ft quorum to do business; and D. K. Cartter, Henry
g. Cooke. Amos B. Eaton, J. W. Alvord, Horatio
Bridge, Byron Sunderland, and Franklin A. Dick
are hereby declared to bo tho trustoes of said cor-
poration, and thoy and their.succcssors shall have
tho entire control and management of qll property,
moneys, and other securities now held or used for the
benelit of said corporation, or which shall hereafter
belong to it; and the said board of trustees shall
have power to fill any vacancies occurring by death,
resignation, or otherwise.
Seo. 2. And be it further enacted, That immediately
upon thoir organization tho trustees shall elect a
Board of lady managers, consisting of thirteen por-
sons  who shall have power to superintend and man-
age the internal affairs of tho asylum, and to fill
vacancies in thoir own board, to mako their own by-
iaws, rules, and regulations, to hold their offices till
lotin January, 1863; their suc-
fif clouted annually by the board of man-
scribe manner whieli their by-laws shall pre-
• further enacted, That the surviv-
ing p.uent or legal guardian of any child placed
l$6 0^ sai4 corporation may withdraw such
child therefrom, and any minor over sixteen years
of age, upon his or her request in writing, shall hp
a&era315 therefrom, at the discretion of the man-
Sec.4. And be it further enacted, That so much of
the act to which this is amendatory as is inconsistent
with this act be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to tho Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It way ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bin was read the time, and passed.
DIRECT TAX IN WEST VIRGINIA.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the Sen-
ate proceeded to consider the Ilouse amend-
ment to the joint resolution (S. No. 90) to sus-
pend temporarily the collection of the direct
tax within the State of West Virginia.
The joint resolution as passed by the Senate
was in these words:
Resolved, &c„ That the Secretary of the Treasury
is hereby authorized and directed to suspend the
further collection within the State of West Virginia
of any part of the direct tax imposed by tho act of
August 5,1865, until tho 1st day of March next, unless
the claims of the said State against the United States
are sooner adjusted.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives was to strike out all after the word
"that" and insert:
The Secretary of the Treasury is hereby directed
to ascertain the sum of money whicfr shall havebeen
assessed, according to law, when such assessment
shall be completed by the direct tax commissioner
for the State of Virginia, upon the whole of the real
estate liable to tax within tho present limits of said
State as a part of the quota of the direct tax laid by
the act of August 5,1861, apportioned to the State of
Virginia as then cxistingand bounded; and also the
sum assessed upon the lands within tho counties of
Berkeley and Jefferson, which are now a part of
West Virginia; and also to ascertain the remainder
of said quota, which lemainder shall thereupon bo
the quota of said tax apportioned to the State of
West Virginia.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the State of
West Virginia is hereby made liable to all tho duties
in relation to said direct tax which aro imposed by
law upon, and is entitled to all the privileges in the
same relation which are by law allowed to, other
loyal States: Provided, That no liability or burden
whatsoever is hereby imposed or shall bo imposed
by said State, arisingin any way out of said tax,
upon lands included within tho present limits of the
counties of Borkeley and Jefferson, or upon the in-
habitants as such, for the time being, within said
limits, Except upon terms accepted by a majority vote
of legal voters resident within said limits.
Sue. 3. And bo it further enacted. That the board of
direct tax commi^ioneis for the State of Virginia
shall have and continue to lia.vo the same a uthority
to assess and collect tho before-mentioned direct tax
in the counties of Berkeley and Jefferson as if those
counties still formed a part of the State of Virginia.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall bo authorized to refund to
persons trom whom money has been received without
warrant of law, as in payment of dues under tho
direet tax laws, the sum so illegally collected; such
refunding to be ordered on tho presentation in each
case of satisfactory evidence of the illegal collection.
Skc. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is hereby authorized and
directed to suspend the further collection within the
Stato of West Virginia of any part of the direct tax
imposed by tho act of August 5,1861, until the first
day of March noxt. unless tho claims of the said
Stato against the United States are sooner adjusted.
Sec. 0. And be it. further enacted. That section two
of an act entitled "An act further to amend an act
entitled An act for the collection of direct taxes in
the insurrectionary States within the United States,
and for other purposes,' approved Juno 7. 1862,"
approved March 3,1865, be, and tho same is hereby,
repealed, and certificates of sale shall be received m
all courts and places as prima facie evidence of the
regularity and validity of said sale and of tho title of
purchaser or purchasers under the same, as provided
in section seven of an act entitled 14 An act for the
collection of direet taxes in insurrectionary districts
within tho United States, and for other purposes,"
approved June 7,1862.
t The Houso also proposed to amend the title so that
it will read, 4 Joint resolution to provide for the
ascertainment and apportionment of the proper
quota of the direct tax of 1861 to tho State of West
Virginia, and for other purposes."
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend the House amendment by striking out
its first section and inserting in lieu thereof:
..v?11?14."1 ascertaining the quota of the State of West
Virginia oi tho direct t« imposed by tho act of
August 5, 1861, the Secretary of tho Treasury is
authorized and directed to charge the said Stato with
such proportion of tho said tax apportioned to the
htato oi Virginia as the value of tho real estate of
the counties now composing tho Stato of West Vir-
ginia. including Berkeley and Jefferson, boars to the
value oi all the real estate of tho then State -of Vir-
ginia, as ascertained hy tho assessment for State tax-
ation of the real estate of tho said Stato of Virginia
m the year 18G0.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I wish to stato for
the information of the Senate that the resolu-
tion as it already stood made the State of West
Virginia liable for any deficiencies of the assess-
ors in assessing property in old Virginia, and
this amendment is introduced for .the purpose
of curing that defect, and founding'it.upon the
actual valuation of the property in the whole
State in 1860. I have a letter from the Treas-
ury Department in which the writer says :
"X am directed by the Secretary of the Treasury to
state that the substitute in question appears proper
and equitable and has his full conourrenoe."
It has also the unanimous approbation of
the Finance Committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I wish to amend the
amendment just adopted by adding at the end
of it the words "giving credit to the State of
West Virginia for such part of its proportion so
ascertained as has been already paid." The
tax for nearly the whole of two counties has
been paid.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to strike out the sixth section of
the House amendment.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The committee ordered
that that section be stricken out for want of any
information on the subject. Thea effect of re-
taining it is that a mere certificate of the sale,
instead of a patent from the United States, is to
be the title of the party.
The amendment to' tho amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move further to
amend the House amendment by striking out
the word "March" in the fifth line of the fifth
section andinserting "June." This whole bill
is founded on a little resolution which I got
through the Senate last year suspending the
collcction of the direct tax in our State until
the 1st of March; but now we are in this situ-
ation : the 1st of March is near at hand and
the bill is not yet passed. I therefore move
this amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The House amendment, as amended, was
concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The last vote disposes of
the joint resolution.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. There is an amend-
ment to the title.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is not in the power of either House at
this stage to amend the title.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The House proposed
to amend tho bill, and I wish to amend their
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The House
proposed to amend the title so as to read: "A
joint resolution to provide for the ascertain-
ment and apportionment of the proper quota
of the direct tax of 1861 to the State of YVest
Virginia, and for other purposes." That has
been concurred in.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. And then they go on
in the different sections to pursue the form of
an act, beginning eacii section with the words
"and be it further enacted." I now simply
want the words "joint resolution" in the title
changed to "an act," and that is the recom-
mendation of the Finance Committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks that it is not in the power of the Senate
to change the title of a joint resolution to a bill
in that way; but the difficulty can be remedied
by striking out the word "enacted" and insert-
ing "resolved" in the proper places.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. 1 understand that the
joint resolution as passed by tho Senate was
amended by the House, and the Senate has
amended the House amendment and adopted
it as amended, and now the question comes up
on the title.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to inquire how the
first line of the resolution or bill reads.
The Secretary. The original joint reso-
lution reads, "Resolved by the Senate and
House of Representatives," &c.
Mr. GRIMES. Is that changed by the
House?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. They have changed
it to a bill; but they have not changed the title
