474
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
there being only qualified negro suffrage in
New York. And I venture to assert that there
is not over one or two States in the Union that
have governments republican in form if the
form of government presented- to us by the
people of Nebraska is not republican in form.
Sir, it is worse than idle'for us now to assert
that the form of government presented by Ne-
braska is not repuh^ean in form, for that asser-
tion cannot be sustained. The whole history'
of our nation gives the lie, so to speak, to the
assertion that the Nebraska State government
is not republican in form. Yet we are asked
to refuse the admission of this State, because
.it has not conformed to the modern idea that'
we have adopted, that suffrage should be ex-
tended to the black race.. When the question
comes to me in the State of Ohio whether I
will vote to reform her "constitution or not, I
am not prepared to say that I should not vote
for its reformation, because I do not wish to
be understood as standing behind any gentle-
man in reference to the question of universal
rights and privileges; but I do say that the
whole history of our Government shows that
we have recognized such governments as this
of Nebraska as republican in form, and have
admitted the States having them into the Union.
And how eari we stand back now and deny to
this yonng State the right to come in as a mem-
ber of the Union upon the same terms? How
can we impose upon her conditions which
have never been imposed upon the other States
now in the Union? Upon what principle can
we say to the people who live in Nebraska,
"You shall not come into this Union as a
State unless you come upon conditions other
than those which have been recognized as fit
to constitute a State a partner in the great-
Government of the United States ever since'
that Government was formed ?"
We are called- upon to meet this great ques-
tion, and we may as well meet it here and at
once ; for I say if we adopt this principle of
refusing the admission of a State for this rea-
son and this reason alone, then we condemn
ourselves and we condemn a majority of the
governments of the States which now consti-
tute portions of the Federal Union. This
principle was not admitted or conceded in the
constitutional amendment which we proposed
at the last session as the basis of the restora-
tion of the ten States yet unrepresented here.
On the contrary, as has been already said, a
directly different principle was admitted in
that amendment. And so in regard to the
restoration of the State of Tennessee; we
restored her at the last session of Congress
with precisely the same principle in her con-
stitution. And we will stultify our action of
that time if we deny at this time to the free
people of Nebraska the rights which they are
demanding at our hands.
Sir, let us see to it that no vain theory or
speculative opinions lead us into legislation
which will cause us to stand before the world
in a position where we cannot defend our-
selves. Perhaps I may say that I would rather
that the constitution of Nebraska did provide
for the exercise of the right of suffrage by the
six hundred or less of black people there, giv-
ing a voting population of not more than one
hundred. But dare we say to the people of
Nebraska, "You shall not be admitted into
the Union because you have not incorporated
such a provision in your constitution of State
government?" I put the question to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bodtwell]
and others who hold with him: dare we say
to this State that it shall not be admitted be-
cause it does not subscribe to the new theory
which we intend hereafter to adopt? Go to
Pennsylvania and take out of its constitution
the same objectionable provision. Try to re-
move the "beam" from your own eye before
you seek to impose such a principle as this
upon a young Territory seeking admission into
this Union as a State ; "for with what judg-
ment ye judge, ye shall be judged; and with
what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to
you again."
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman al-
low me to ask him a question?
Mr. DELANO. 1 hardly have time for
questions.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentle-
man if he believes that we have the discretion
to admit or not admit a new State, according
as we may be satisfied or otherwise with her
constitution, even though it maybe republican
in form?
Mr. DELAN 0. I would inquire of the Chair
how much time I have left?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Collom
in the chair.) The gentleman has three min-
utes of his time remaining.
Mr. DELANO. I do not know wjiat, "dis-
cretion" this House may have; but if it shall
adopt this principle, I shall think it shows very
little discretion, [laughter;] that will be my-
opinion about it. Congress has the power, and
it can now exercise it, to say to this young
State it shall not be admitted into this Union.
It has the power; but I tell you there is the
voice of the people behind it, which will hold
it accountable for the exercise of that power.
Mr. MAYNARD. I beg to say to my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Delano] 
Mr. DELANO. As I have too little time
left to enable me to say anything of moment, I
will leave the discussion with what I have
already said.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I wish to say, before
submitting a proposition to the House, that in
the remarks which I have made I have merely
expressed my own opinion as to what is a repub-
lican form of government. I think the juris-
diction of Congress over a Territory applying
for admission into the Union as a State is clear
and exclusive.
Our jurisdiction over such States as Ohio
and Pennsylvania with reference to the elect-
ive franchise is very clearly limited. I do not
purpose to enter into any discussion as to what
is the power of Congress over the old States
in reference to the elective franchise.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. BOUTWELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. If the gentleman's doctrine is
correct—that a State which does not grant
impartial suffrage to all men has not a repub-
lican form of government—is it not the duty of
this Congress to change the constitutions of
New York and Pennsylvania, and make them
republican in form ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, that is
entirely aside from the present question.
There is no existing exigency calling upon
Congress to interfere in reference to the insti-
tutions of the old States that have organized
governments. What the power of Congress is
with reference to that matter is a different
question from that we ai'e now called to con-
sider. My own opinion is that when, by an
arbitrary rule, a State deprives a particular
class of men and their posterity for all time of
participation in the government under which
they live, just to that extent the government
fails to be republican in form. Whether the
exclusion of any small number of persons from
participation in the government of any State
furnishes occasion, under the Constitution, for
the intervention of the Congress of the United
States is a very grave question, and one which
we are not now called upon to consider. But
whether we shall admit into the Union a State
formed out of a Territory, over which we have
exclusive and continuing jurisdiction, is a dif-
ferent question; because, under the Constitu-
tion, we can hold the Territory as a Territory
until its people frame a government which we
are willing to accept as republican in form.
Mr. Speaker, with these observations I
desire to make a proposition to the House.
There are many gentlemen about me who de-
sire that this discussion shall extend beyond
the hour which I hold under the rules of the
House. It is not agreeable to me to be giving
to other gentlemen my little remaining time in
parcels of five and ten minutes. I therefore
make this suggestion to the House: that the
debate close at three o'clock this afternoon,
and that the question be taken at that time;
that I be allowed an opportunity to take the
floor at fifteen minutes befoj'e three o'clock;
that during the intervening time the Chair shall
control the assignment of the floor, and that
speeches be limited to fifteen minutes.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there be
no objection to the proposition of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts it Will be considered
as agreed to.
There was no objection.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I voted
this morning to reconsider the vote seconding
the demand for the previous question because I
desired that this question should be open to fur-
ther discussion by the House. I believed that
the hour devoted to the discussion yesterday was
not sufficient; that it should be discussed longer
and more thoroughly, so that the minds of
members might becdine more settled and clear
with regard to the"several propositions. Had
the vote been taken yesterday I should have
voted for the admission of Nebraska under the
Senate bill. I should vote the same way to-
day, because I am entirely satisfied with the
third section of the bill, which the gentleman
from Massachusetts now moves to strike out.
Indeed, sir, I am better satisfied with a provis-
ion of that kind inserted by the Congress of
the United States in the act of incorporation
of this State than I would be if the provision
were contained merely in the constitution of
Nebraska. A convention framing a constitu-
tion and putting into it a provision of that kind
only gives it vitality and force until another
convention is called, which may amend the
constitution and change such provision. On
the other hand, an act of Congress admitting
a State and providing in express terms, as this
provision does, that the right of suffrage shall
be extended impartially forever is, I verily
believe, binding upon the State both morally
and legally. Why, sir, if I know anything
about this subject, Congress possesses sover-
eign power over the Territories of the United
States. I read in the Constitution that "Con-
gress shall have power to dispose of and make
all needful rules and regulations-respecting the
territory or other property belonging to the
United States;" that "new States may be
admitted by the Congress into this Union;"
that "the United States shall guaranty to every
State in this Union a republican form of gov-
ernment." I ask why, under these several
provisions of the Constitution, Congress has
not authority to ordain in the act admitting a
State whatever conditions and provisions it
deems fit, and why such enactments are not
binding upon the people of that State? The
courts of Illinois held long ago that the ordi-
nance of 1787, excluding slavery from the ter-
ritory northwest of the Ohio, was binding upon
the Territories to which it applied after they
became States ; that slavery could not be intro-
duced there under the sanction of State legis-
lation ; that the ordinance ran with the terri-
tory and was perpetually binding. So, sir, in
my opinion is an act of Congress chartering a
State; for this is nothing but a charter.
This act of incorporation imposes terms and
conditions upon the corporation as binding
upon it. Now, I do not see for my part, and
I would like some gentleman more able to dis-
cuss this question than I am why there is any
reason against it.
I do not see why Congress has not power to
make a constitution for a Territory. Why not?
Congress may admit new States. Congress
exercises jurisdiction over them as Territories.
We have entire control—entire sovereignty.
Why, then, cannot Congress and the President
make a constitution for a Territory and admit
her as a State upon that constitution ? I know
the practice of the Government has been dif-
ferent ; but because the practice has been one
way is no good reason why the practice may
not be another way.
True, it is better the people of a Territory
should make their own constitution ; and the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
