1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1915
when we want to reduce taxes and relieve the
burdens that are on the people why should we
not relieve them by putting on the free list those
articles which are used by the masses of the
people in all portions of the country ? Sir, I
cannot give my assent to the proposition of the
Senator from Maine, that taxing an article does
not increase its price. I do not believe in that
doctrine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not lay down that
doctrine. I said that the experiment we had
tried of taking taxes off agricultural implements
had resulted in not reducing their price, and in
only putting money into the pockets of the man-
ufacturers, so far as we have information on the
subject, and it is very general and very exten-
sive. I supposed that would be the case at the
time the great effort was made here, and we
had so much talk about reapers and mowing-
machines and everything of that description.
I think that we have gone far enough in this
direction. Now, is the Senator willing to lose
all the taxes that we get from these large man-
ufactures, of axes for example? It is not pro-
posed to put axes on the free list; it is not pro-
posed to put shovels on. We cannot afford to
lose the revenue from them ; but there is just
as much reason for exempting the ax and the
shovel and the scythe as there is the articles
mentioned here, and yet they are a large man-
ufacture, and the House of Representatives has
not proposed to take off the tax, although the
reasoning applies precisely as well to them.
I do not care anything about this little amend-
ment. I am only speaking of the principle. I
know it is considered popular to take off taxes
on agricultural implements, and it is a very
pretty thing to make a speech about, and to
talk about everybody using them; but after all
the question is whether it is advisable.
Mr. POMEROY. I was surprised that the
committee of the Senate should have taken
agricultural implements out of this section,
when the House had put them on the free list.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to suggest
that we have done one thing that is much
more beneficial and more operative than taking
off the tax on these implements. We have
taken off all from ordinary bar and hoop iron,
of which these articles are made. We have al-
ready put in an amendment to that effect. Now
to take the tax off the material of which they
are made, and then off the thing themselves,
is more than can be afforded.
Mr. POMEROY. I was equally surprised
that the House did not put the ax and the
scythe.and the shovel on the free list, the
most common implements used by the poorest
classes, and the rudest form in which an agri-
cultural implement can be made. I find that
even the House propose to continue the tax
upon them. If we are to take the tax off any
of our agricultural implements, we should
begin with the simplest, the rudest. As to
those that are complicated, and require a great
deal of labor, there may be reason why they
should bear some tax. My opinion differs
entirely from that of the Senator from Maine
in regard to the effect on the price of these
articles of putting them on the free list. I
know that manufacturers who had a stock lying
over from the year previous marked down their
implements the whole amount of the internal
revenue tax taken off, and sold them for that
much less. Iu the western States mowers espe-
cially have been lower than we have ever had
them—a grsat article among all our farmers.
There is hardly any farmer in the West so poor
that he does not have a mower on the prairie
and a reaper.
Mr. 1ESSENDEN. They are exempt by
the existing law. The thing is carried as far
as it can be, especially when we take the tax
off the iron from which these things are made.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not see why we can-
not go at least as far as the House went. Even
if we keep the ax and shovel and these other
implements on the lists that pay taxes, I should
be in favor of sustaining the House on this
question.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Maine
remarks that the subject of agricultural imple-
ments is a very pretty subject on which to
make a speech. I do not accept this sneer as
a reply to the objection that I made to the
exclusion of these articles from the free list;
nor do I think it becomes that Senator to use
'that kind of argument in this body, considering
the section from which he comes. He tells us
that the price of these articles is not enhanced
by the tax, and the exemption of them is only
putting money into the hands of the manufac-
turer. Where is the manufacturer, and where
is the mass of the purchasers of these articles
and of those who use them ? The manufac-
turer lives at the East, in the New England
States and in New York and New Jersey
chicfly. Almost all those articles are manu-
factured at the East. They are sold and used
chiefly in the West. This description of com-
merce has become immense between the East
and the West; and the eastern manufacturers
supply our farmers a vast amount of agricul-
tural implements for which they get their pay.
It is the consumer here who pays the tax; it
is the western farmer who uses the hoe, the
ax, the reaping-machine, the hay-rake, &c.,
that finally pays these taxes for the benefit of
the eastern manufacturer, whom the Senator,
so far as his section is concerned, represents
here.
Now, I submit to him with great respect that
this kind of sneer is not to be accepted here
as an argument. I wish the Senate to take this
matter into consideration. We must begin
somewhere to relieve the people from the
weight of taxation under which they now labor.
Why may we not as well begin in reference to
these Bmall articles of every day use which are
indispensable in the primary affairs of life as
to begin at any other point? I submit that it
is the best point at which we can begin the
work of reduction, the most convenient, the
most palpable, and the most acceptable to the
great mass of the laboring men in the country.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and thirteen to strike out "buck" and
insert " muck."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds.) This verbal correction will be made,
no objection being interposed.
Mr. CRESWELL. I desire to call atten-
tion to an amendment on the 16th page ; I was
not present when it was acted on. It was in
the fifty-fourth line of section eleven, striking
out the words "sheet lead, lead pipe, and
shot." Why did the Finance Committee pro-
pose to strike out those words?
Mr. FESSENDEN. We did not see any
good reason for keeping them in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator from Maryland that
it is not in order at this time to go back to that
amendment.
Mr. CRESWELL. I will raise the objec-
tion when the bill shall be reported to the Sen-
ate.
The Secretary read the next amendment,
which was to strike out lines one hundred and
fifteen and one hundred and sixteen of section
eleven, in these words:
Steam locomotives and marine engines, inclmding
boilers, and log, siding, and shingle machines.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope we shall not agree
to this amendment.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I join in that hope.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the clause will
be stricken out. The committee could not see
any reason for inserting these articles in the
free list. They are mostly used by corpora-
tions who can afford to pay for them. It can-
not be said that this exemption is for the ben-
efit of the poor.
Mr. HOWARD. It is true, they are mostly
used by corporations, but they are the most
useful description of corporations in the coun-
try ; they are the steamboat corporations, the
railroad corporations, corporations that do the
carrying to market and from market of all the
articles of trade and commerce of the country.
Tiiia kind of business is very important. If a
company is obliged to pay a very heavy price
for the engine that drags its train or moves its
steamboat, it increases the price of its freight
in proportion, and that increase of the price
of freight is so much increase of the price of
the article itself when it falls into the hands
of the consumer. Everybody knows this.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think the
small tax paid on the manufacture of the
machine "itself, when we come to divide it
around in its application to freight, will make
a great deal on a bushel of corn. It requires
a good deal of very nice mathematical calcu-
lation to make the tax on the freight of a bushel
of corn appreciable. There is considerable
of a revenue raised from the manufacture of
steam-engines, and the committee could see
no reason why they should be exempted any
more than many other things that are taxed.
Manufacturing corporations of different de-
scriptions that manufacture the necessaries of
life have to pay a tax on their products, although
they are used by everybody much more gen-
erally than these ; and why should we legislate
simply to relieve the railroad corporations and
steamboat corporations ?
Mr. SPRAGUE. The House of Repre-
sentatives, it seems to me, decided this ques-
tion properly when they decided to relieve this
branch of the industry of the country. The
section I represent has probably built all the
railroads it will build, but we desire to open up
the western country, and a tax of five per cent,
on a locomotive is a very large tax, a thousand
dollars nearly for every locomotive. Those
who desire to develop the country, to build
railroads, to open up the country should look
to it that this great industry is not embarrassed
by excessive taxation. You have relieved
your railroad iron so far as you can of a con-
siderable tax, and for the same reason you
should relieve the engines that run upon the
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have taken the tax
off the raw material, the iron of which these
articles are made, and placed it on the free
list, which was not done by the House. 1 sup-
pose Senators would not agree to that because
the House did not do it. I do not know but
that the House is very wise; it probably is ;
but it seems that in regard to every question
the argument is "the House has done it." If
that argument be good, there is no reason in
referring a House bill to a committee of this
body to act on it; all we have to do is to register
the decrees of the House. I will say to the
Senate that we have taken the tax off bar iron,
the iron iu the first shape in which it is sold,
and castings. That begins at the beginning,
at the foundation. Now, to relieve the manu-
factured article in addition is doing too much
for these particular articles I think, when we
leave the tax on others that are used much
more extensively.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not know any branch
of mechanical production that requires relief
more than that comprehended in this para-
graph. There is certainly more in this bill that
relates to the country that I represent, which
requires and demands relief more than this.
We cannot take a step in our industries with-
out the use of steam-engines. It costs us more
to build railroads by at least from fifty to one
hundred per cent, than it does any other peo-
ple in the Union. We cannot begin to develop
a mine; we cannot sink a shaft; we cannot
extract the ore from the mine; we cannot take
the water out of a mine; we cannot crush the
ore ; we can do nothing in our industries that
is not subject to this tax; and I confess my
disappointment at its being proposed by the
Finance Committee of the Senate to tax this
product. I think it should be left where the
House of Representatives placed it-
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator if he
thinks the other should be left, if we should
keep the tax on iron, should not take it off?
Mr. CONNESS. If I had my choice I would
sooner tax the iron—and I think the people 1
represent would agree with me—than to tax
this. I do not understand the justice or the
