1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi.
ing upon the principle of the right to bring in
jurors from all parts of "the United States.
Sir,, this, is not consistent with the common
law; it is in violation of the common law. If
old Lord Coke could rise here he would de-
nounce all of you who affirm it, as being at the
breaking up of the foundations of that ancient
system upon which the liberties of the English
and the American people rest. The right of
trial by jury has been guarded with the most
exact care. It is not the care of a century j it
is the care of at least twelve centuries, changing
from time to time as the necessities of the.
times transpired. It was well understood when
our Government was established; it is well
understood in England now, and should be well
understood by us. It Has been understood to
be one of the bulwarks of American liberty,
not national freedom, but individual liberty.
The idea of the exercise of the power of bring-
ing in jurors here to sit in the courts of this
District from States abroad, seems to me one
of the most heinous violations of the principles
of the right of trial by jury that has been sug-
gested in history. I do not think there has
been, such a suggestion made in the period of
English history, nor do I believe it has been
made in the period of American history until
now.
The. power may exist; but oh, remember
there is a vast difference between power and
right. I endeavor only to exert the right.
Power may exist in the multitude and may
express itself through a mob; but among
counselors and in Senate Chambers and in
legislative halls the right should be consid-
ered., To bring in juries to try causes in the
District of Columbia from abroad is an in-
novation on a great fundamental law as old
and older than Runnymede, as old aa dooms-
day book, , ay, older than doomsday book, old
as the ancient Saxons before they ever made
their landing in England. And when you
Undertake to obtrude upon and infringe upon
and overthrow those great principles you will
find that there is an underlying sentiment and
a great knowledge of truth in the heart of our
people that will bring all of you into tribula-
tion; and "tribulation" in ancient times was
understood to be thrashing corn and wheat,
and those who bring it about will be thrashed
as they tribulated in ancient times.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I trust we
shall be prepared to meet that great and terri-
ble hour of tribulation which the Senator from
California predicts will arise against us in case
we pass this little bill; but I do not foresee
any such terrors in the future as seem to haunt
his imagination in case we pass this bill; nor
do I see any ground whatever for the objec-
tions which the Senator raises upon the score
of constitutionality against the passage of the
bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him one question ?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Is it not a departure
from all legislation with which the Senator is
acquainted?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I know the Senator is
a lawyer and has read all the law of former
times and of our own country; and I ask him
is it not an absolute departure from all pre-
vious law ?
Mr. HOWARD. I do not regard it as a
departure from the principles of the law, nor
do I regard it as.any departure from the prac-
tice of the Government in similar cases; but,
on the other hand, it is in strict accordance
with existing laws, as I shall show. We have
under the Constitution the power of exclusive
legislation over the District of Columbia. This
is conceded; and we have precisely the same
power over all lands that may be granted by
the various States to the United States for the
erection of forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-
yards, and other needful buildings. It may be
best to read the whole clause, for it is very
plain and very specific.
Congress shall have power—
"To exercise exclusive legislation in all ^
whatsoever over such District (not exceeding ten
miles square) as may, by cession of particular States,
and the acceptance of Congress, become tfio seat of
the fatoveriuaeat of the United States, and to exercise
like authority over all places purchasod by the
conscnt of the Legislature of the State in which the
same shall be, for the creation of forts, magazines,
arsenals,dock-yards, and other needful buildings."
''•Like authority" we may exercise within
the limits of forts, magazines, dock-yards, and
other buildings. Existing laws expressly au-
thorize the district courts of the United States
held in the various States to try eases of crime
committed in forts, dock-yards, and other pub-
lic places reserved for public uses by the Uni-
ted States; and it is a matter of almost daily
occurrence that crimes committed in forts and
dock-yards are tried and punished in the Uni-
ted States district courts within the States
where the forts, &c., stand. Any other con-
struction of this clause in the Constitution
would lead to very great difficulty. A murder
is committed within the limits of a tract of
land used as a fort by the United States:
would the Senator from California require
that the jury for the trial of that offense should
be taken from persons residing within its lim-
its ? In nine cases out of ten the thing would
be utterly impossible, for there would be no
persons residing there to servo as jurors for
the trial of the offense. The practice of the
Government has been, as 1 have already re-
marked, to try such offenses in the district
court within the limits of the State, and to call
a jury from every part of the district for the
purpose of trying the offense committed within
those limits.
How does that case differ from this? We
have the same authority in respect to the
District of Columbia that we have in reference
to forts; and in the case of forts, as I have
already shown, we take juries from every part
of the district, and a district may be made up
of one State or two States or three States or
half a dozen States if Congress see fit so to do.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to ask the
Senator a question?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Is not the jurisdiction
of the Government over forts in the nature of
military jurisdiction ?
Mr. HOWARD. It is not by any means
restricted to a military jurisdiction.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Is not the jurisdiction
of the Government over forts and arsenals in
the nature of military jurisdiction, and is not
the jurisdiction of the United States over the
District of Columbia in the nature of civil
jurisdiction as distinguished from military?
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator
asks me whether the jurisdiction over forts is
not in the nature of military jurisdiction.
What does the honorable Senator moan by the
expression "nature of military jurisdiction?"
Does he intend to deny, either directly or by
implication, that over these forts Congress,
under the Constitution, has exclusive jurisdic-
tion, whether the jurisdiction be military or
civil?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Not at all.
Mr. HOWARD. The clause declares that
Congress shall exercise "like authority," that
is exclusive legislation "over forts," &c. If,
then, it be competent for Congress by law to
try a crime committed within a fort out of the
limits of that fort and by a jury not taken from
within those limits, it follows in my mind con-
clusively, the language being the same, that
Congress has the power to try cases arising in
the District of Columbia either in the District
or out of the District if they see fit, and to call
a jury for the trial of a crime from without the
limits of the District upon the same parity of
reasoning and for precisely the same reason.
I do not see any constitutional difficulty what-
ever in the way.
As to the immediate motives that have led
to the introduction of this bill, I know nothing
of them. I take it for granted that the honor-
able Senator from Vermont has not spoken
rashly or inconsiderate when, he says that it
has become next to impossible, to; punish a
certain description of crime committed within
the District of Columbia by a jury called frosa
withiu the District. If that be so, I think it
behooves us to give this subject our serious
attention and endeavor at least to call a jury
who are not so infected by,the plague common
to the people of this District as to be incom-
petent to serve in.such a.case.
Mr. BtTCKALEW. Mr. President, I sup-
pose the Senate is- hardly constituted- in a
proper manner tibia evening for voting upon
contested questions! It will therefore be ex-
pedient, I think, to lay this bill over, or by
common consent to dispose of it in some man-
ner without submitting any contested point to
a vote. But while the question raised by the
Senator from Califoroia.is up, I will say that
in my opinion there is no question that this
bill is an improper one, and. that it violates a.
fundamental principle ; and this can be made
out, not by any argument founded- upon the
clause to which the Senator from Michigan-has
alluded, but by reference to the sixth article
of the amendments to the Constitution of the
United States, which reads in this manner:
" In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall
enjoy the right to a speedy and publio trial by an
impartial jury of the State and district wherein the
crime shall have been oommitted, whioh distriot shall
have been previously aseortaiued by law."
Now, sir, until you have a judicial district
here including a portion of the State of Mary-
land, it will be impossible for you by a bill of
this description to draw jurors from the State
of Maryland for the purpose of a trial here.
The thing is as plain as plain can be. Under
the circumstances I will move that the bill be
postponed for the present, and I beliere that
will conform to the views of the chairman.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to the
bill being laid aside.
Mr. HOWARD. I should be glad of a
moment's opportunity to reply to the Senator
from Pennsylvania with regard to the point
which he makes arising under the sixth amend-
ment to the Constitution ; but I will not oc- ^
cupy the time of the Senate if the chairman
of the committee desires to have the bill laid
aside.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be laid aside by unanimous consent, no
objection being interposed.
DESTITUTE COLORED POPULATION.
Mr. MORRILL. I am instructed by the
Committee on the District of Columbia to re-
port a joint resolution, and I ask for its pres-
ent consideration.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 172) to- provide temporary relief
for tlio destitute colored population in the
District of Columbia, was read twice and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to appropriate $15,000 for the pur-
pose stated, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Commissioner of the Freedmen's
Bureau.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Where does that meas-
ure come from? I should like to have an
explanation of it.
Mr. MORRILL. I will make a statement
in regard to this matter. I find by a report of
the Freedmen's Bureau that th 're are between
thirty-one and thirty-two thousand colored peo-
ple in the District. Nearly half or quite half
of them are persons who are supposed to be( --
temporarily here, or here on account of the
general disturbance in the country. They
came in here from different sections of the
country, and came here in every instance in a
condition of destitution, and almost entire des-
titution, and they have subsisted by the charity
of the Government and otherwise. The,Freed-
men's Bureau has been engaged during, the
last twelve months in sending these people into
different sections of the country to work, and
has disposed of between six and seven thou-
sand of them in that way. The bureau is still
engaged, and so is also a voluntary association,
