1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1917
wood, McDougall, Morrill, Nesmith, Norton, Ram-
sey, Riddle, Sumner, Wilson, and Yates—19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines one hun-
dred and seventeen and one hundred and eight-
een of section eleven to strike out "and straw
wrapping-paper."
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee think
that amendment had better be rejected.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I hope it will be.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and nineteen, to insert "made."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and twenty-seven of section eleven, to
strike out " when" after "fabrics," and in line
one hundred and twenty-eight to strike out
'' used " and insert " produced;" so as to make
the clause read:
Fabrics, the products of hand-looms, when not pro-
duced in penitentiaries or other penal establishments.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The word 'Jand"
should be inserted after "bee-hives" in line
one hundred and thirty-one of section eleven;
and all the words after " bee-hives" to the end
of the section should be stricken out, the same
provision having been made in another place.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That change
will be made, no objection being interposed.
The next amendment was to insert at the
end of section eleven "wire-cloth."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to section
eleven the following proviso:
Provided, That the exemptions aforesaid shall, in
all cases, be confined exclusively to said articles in
the state and condition specified in the foregoing
enumeration, and shall not extend to articles in any
other form, nor to manufactures from s&id articles.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert (as an
exception to the computation of income) after
the word "whatever" in line forty-six of sec-
tion twelve, the words " except the rental value
of any homestead used or occupied by any per-
son or by his family in his own right or in the
right of his wife."
The next amendment was in lines ninety-
five, ninety-six, and ninety-seven of section
twelve to strike out the words "in such manner
as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, may prescribe."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after "return " in
line one hundred and one of section twelve to
insert "on or before the day prescribed by
law."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after "trustees,"
in line one hundred and six of section twelve,
to insert " executors and administrators."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to Btrike out the
words "guardian or trustee" in line one hun-
dred and ten of section twelve, and insert "per-
son acting in a fiduciary capacity."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
"act," in line one hundred and twelve of
section twelve, to strike out the words " as
guardian or trustee."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and seventeen of section twelve, to insert
" such" before " person," and after "person"
to strike out "guardian or trustee."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after
line one hundred and seventy-nine of section
twelve the following proviso:
Provided, That the tax on incomes for the rear
1866 shall be levied on the day this tot takes effect.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line one hnndred
and thirty-four the words "guardian or trus-
tee" should be struck out, and the words
" such fiduciary" inserted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in
line two hundred and two of section twelve
the words " several auditors," and insert "ac-
counting officers."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to section
twelve the following proviso :
And provided further. That in case it should be-
come neccssary for showing the true receipts of the
Government under the operations of this section
upon the books of the Treasury Department, the
requisite amount may be carried from unappropri-
ated moneys in the Treasury to the credit of said
account; and the increase of the exemption from
S600 to 41,000 provided in this amendment, as to sal-
ary and compensation, shall take effect for the month
of March, 1867, and thereafter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out " the increase of
the exemption from §600 to $1,000 provided
in this amendment as to" and inserting " this
section shall take effect upon," and also by
striking out the words "and thereafter;" so
as to make the latter branch of the amendment
read:
And this section shall take effect upon salary and
compensation for the month of March, 1867.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to, and the amendment, as amended,
was adopted.
The next amendment was to strike out in
line twenty-four of section fourteen the words
"under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the
fifteenth section by inserting the word "or"
after "alcohol" in the third line.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance recommend that all the sections from sec-
tion sixteen on page 3 to section thirty-eight,
inclusive, on page 62, be stricken out; and then
anew section, which is printed on page C2, is to
be inserted as section sixteen. The reason
why they are all stricken out (with the excep-
tion of one section, which is struck out here to
be put into another part of the bill) is that
they are merely redrafts of the existing law,
with a change of phraseology simply. On
examination of them the committee thought,
with the advice of the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, who examined them more care-
fully, that it would be perfectly useless to
insert the new draft. It is a mere change of
phraseology, and perhaps not an improvement.
The committee decided, therefore, to leave
them all out and allow the present law to stand
as it is in these respects. Unless the Senate
wish to hear these sections read they may just
as well be passed over without being read.
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose they are merely
penal clauses.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Some are; and some
are not. They are general provisions.
Mr. HOWARD. Are the old penal clauses
saved in the present act?
Mr. FESSENDEN. All the penal clauses
are left in.
Mr. HOWARD. But do I understand that
the committee propose to strike out these penal
C1aqs6S ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. To strike them out of
this bill; but they remain in the present law.
Mr. HOWARD. Is the Senator perfectly
sure that those old penal clauses will for the
future apply to this amended act?
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no reason why
they should not. We repeal nothing except that
which is inconsistent with this act.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator is aware that
very often in criminal trials the question be-
comes a very delicate one whether an act per-
formed under a subsequent law is punishable
under an old penal act where the penalty is
changed, or the mode of proceeding is changed.
Where there is a change of penalty by a subse-
quent act, the old penal law is generally held
to be repealed by its operation. I merely rail
the Senator's attention to this. He certainly
does not desire to let any violation of this bill
pass unpunished.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ofcoursenot. Theidea
is to make it more simple.
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly ; but in your
anxiety you may omit to do the very thing you
desire to do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine asks unanimous consent that the
reading of the sections indicated, proposed by
the Committee on Finance to be stricken out,
shall be omitted.
Mr. HOWARD. We can before we come
to a final vote on those clauses look at the
matter more carefully and see whether there
is any necessity for retaining these sections.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will
look at the new section twenty four, on pages
69 and 70, he will see that the penalties there
are revived. These sections can be passed
over for the present, and the Senator can look
at section twenty-four when we arrive at it,
and see whether it is not sufficient.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I should like to ask
the Senator from Maine a question. I notice
on page 46, lines nineteen and twenty, that the
punishment of imprisonment for not less than
two nor more than five years is provided in
addition to a fine. I may be in error, but
my impression is that the old law did not pro-
vide imprisonment as a punishment in any
case, so that in this section a more severe
penalty is imposed. I refer to section twenty-
seven on page 46. Is it the intention of the
committee to impose not only a fine, but im-
prisonment for the acts there specified?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will
turn to section twenty-four on page 70 he will
see that it covers all these penalties. I will
read it, so that Senators may notice it:
That the owner, agent, or superintendent of any
still, boiler, or other vessel used in the distillation
of spirits, who shall neglect or refuse to make true
and exact entry and report of the same, or to do or
cause to bedone any of thethings by law required to
be done in relation to the manufacture or sale of
spirits, shall forfeit for every such neglect or refusal
all the spirits made by or for him, and all the vessels
used in making the samo, find the stills, boilers, and
other vessels used in distillation, and all materials
fit for use in distillation found on the premises,
together with the sum of $500 for each offense, to bo
recovered with costs of suits, and shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and be subject to imprison-
ment for a term cot exceeding one year.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. That extends imprison-
ment to most of the offenses under the law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "And be subject to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding one
year."
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I did not understand. I
thought that by striking out these sections the
Committee on Finance were opposed to im-
prisonment for any offense.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The sections remain
in the old law as they were before. They are
not repealed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine asks unaimous consent that the
reading of the sections named by him be dis-
pensed with. Is there objection? The Chair
hears none. The reading of the sections is
dispensed with; and the question is on the
amendment reported by the committee, to
strike out from section seventeen to section
thirty-eight inclusive.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as section
sixteen :
And be it further mactrd. That hereafter all distilled
spirits, before being removed from the distillery, shall
be inspected and gauged by a general inspector of
spirits, who shall mark the barrels or packages in the
manner required by law; and so much of the aot ap-
proved July 13,1S66, as requires the appointment of
an inspector for each distillery established according
to law is hereby repealed: Provided, That such other
duties as have heretofore been imposed upon inspect-
ors of distilleries may be performed by such other
duly appointed officers as may be designated by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as section
seventeen:
And be it further maettd. That whenever, in the
