1867.
If® CONOKISSIO^AL GLOSf.
m
eight or nine hundred colored men' tire free
American citizens, enjoying the right of suffrage
in common with their fellow-citizens of the
Territory. And I will not consent, and I beg
gentlemen on this side of the House to bear in
mind the fact that they em asked by their vote
to-day to do so, to degrade those eight or sine
hundred men and deprive them of the rights
secured t-o them by ourselves by an act of
last session. Let the chivalry of the South in
.their humiliation and madness strive to degrade
freemen if they will, but in God's name do not
let the Republican majority of theThirty-Ninth
Congress put shackles upon the limbs and souls
of nine hundred of the free citizens of Nebraska.
Gentlemen ask of us, Have we the right to ■
regulate the question of suffrage in S.ates?
Sir, I wfll not discuss the question now. I
examined it elaborately last session. I will
remind gentlemen that I do but request them
to stem a downward tide.
When the Constitution was adopted, as I
have said, all save one State were republican
in this respect. Slowly one after another their
constitutions were modified as concessions to
the slave power. Connecticut in 1817 and 1818,
Maryland atalaterday, Tennessee not till 1835,
Pennsylvania in 1837, struck down the free
voters of African descent in their States. And
I again implore the Republican members Of this
Congress not to follow those base examples, but
to stand upon their own position and justify the
just expectations of the people by saying that
what was republican at the time of the adop-
tion of the Constitution shall be our standard.
Let us do right though we thereby keep the less
than proper congressional constituency—for
the whole people of Nebraska number far less
than your constituents, Mr. Speaker, or mine—
in a territorial condition, until they shall con-
cede to every American citizen within the
limits of their broad, rich, grand, though in-
fant empire the rights which under the Consti-
tution of the United States, as understood by
its framers, pertain to every citizen.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HILL obtained the floor, and yielded
five .minutes of his time to
Mr. ALLISON, who said: Mr. Speaker, it
is not my purpose to make any direct argument
bearing upon the particular question now before
the House, but only to state briefly why I am
for the amendment. The State in which I live
lies adjacent to the Territory which is now ask-
ing for admission as a State into the Union,
separated from it only by the Missouri river,
and I shall be glad to cast my vote in favor of
its admission here if that Territory or State
stands ready to incorporate within its organic
law a principle which I believe to be the duty
of every State to incorporate, whether now in
the Union or hereafter to be admitted, which
principle is clearly set forth in the amendment
new under consideration.
The State of Iowa, which I in part represent,
by the vote of her people and by a majority of
more than twenty thousand has declared that
the word "white" should be stricken from her
constitution; and that question is again to be
submitted to the people of my own State next
year. And I intend if I am present the day
of the election to cast my vote in favor of strik-
ing out that word from the constitution of the
State, depriving, as it does, a portion of her
people of the right to participate in the enact-
ment of laws for their government.
I intend further, sir, to cast my vote only in
favor of the admission of such of the ten States
which have been declared in rebellion as will
adopt an impartial rule of suffrager without
distinction of race or color. I shall not cast
my vote for their admission until they are will-
ing to accord to the black man the rights which
white men enjoy under similar circumstances.
Therefore it is, sir, that unless this proposition
now made by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts is incorporated into this bill as a funda-
mental condition-precedent to the admission
of this State into the Union, much as I desire
its admission, I shall be compelled to vote
against it.
I believe it is1 within the power of Congress
to impose a condition-precedent upon a Ter-
ritory, and that condition, when assented to by
the Legislature of the State as- is here pro-
posed, which Legislature represents for the
time being the sovereignty of the people, is
binding upon the people of the State; and I
join hands with the distinguished member
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kellet] and say I will
not put by my rote gyves upon the wrists of
nine hundred freemen in Nebraska, especially
when probably more than one half of them
imperiled their lives in defense of the liberties
which we now enjoy, and which they as citi-
zens have a right to enjoy in common with us.
More especially should we insist upon this
amendment when by the votes of both Houses
we have recently declared by a large majority
that in all the Territories, including Nebraska,
in the future, there shall be no distinction of
rights on account of race or color or previous
condition of servitude : and when We'insist that
similar provisions shall apply to the States re-
cently in rebellion, to consent now to a sur-
render of these rights virtually acquired, either
directly or indirectly, would in my judgment
be a disgraceful abandonment of a principle
which I believe just, and which meets the ap-
proval of a vast majority of the people of this
nation. For myself, I cannot by my voice or
vote consent to such abandonment. I shall
therefore vote for the amendment, and for the
admission of the State with the limitations pre-
scribed. I thank the gentleman from Indiana
for his courtesy in yielding to me.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from California referred to the progress which
has been made by this House on this subject
of legislation. I will allude for a moment to
a matter perhaps personal to myself. The
gentleman from California remarked that we
had recently passed a law through this House
that the word "white" should not appear in
any law of any Territory, and that no rights
and privileges should be given to the whites
not extended equally to the blacks; and he
spoke of it as a matter of congratulation that
we had made that progress. "Well, sir, as
that appeals ;>erhaps personally to me in regard
to certain votes that I have given in this House,
I cheerfully embrace the opportunity to say a
word on the subject.
When the act regulating suffrage in the Dis-
trict of Columbia was before the House one
year ago I voted against it. I did so for rea-
sons that seemed to me amply sufficient at the
time, and I have had no reason to doubt the
validity and cogency of those reasons since.
At that time matters of the weightiest import-
ance were before this Congress. No rupture
then existed between the President and Con-
gress; but it was foreseen by many that such
a rupture was imminent, and the question was
whether it should be precipitated or aggravated,
and whether the condition of the country would
be more embarassed by shouldering a question
of that character at that time thau by avoiding
it. It seemed to me the part of wisdom and
prudence to settle the questions then before the
House regarding reconstruction—questions of
the utmost importance not merely to the States
unrepresented but to the country at large. For
that reason I voted against the extension of
the right of suffrage to the colored people of
this District. But that reason has now ceased
to exist. A policy has been adopted by Con-
gress in regard to reconstruction. We have
now time in which to educate the public mind
upon this subject, and consequently being more
at liberty to exercise and assert the principles
more nearly approaching abstract right—for it
is never practicable to assert it absolutely—I
voted this year directly contrary to what I voted
a year ago; because the reasons that operated
then to control my vote do not operate now.
So much in explanation of my progress upon
this subject.
And now, in regard to the measure imme-
diately before this House. The section that is
proposed to be stricken out is a condition-sub-
sequent upon the admission of this State. I
am satisfied that a large majority of the House
are of opinion that no valid condition can fee
imposed upon a State seeking admission by act
of Congress which would be binding upon the
people of the State thereafter. I think that
was sufficiently shown yesterday, and I confess
to some surprise when I heard gentlemen of
high standing as lawyers advance the opinion
that conditions might be imposed upon the'
admission of the State which Congress or
the Government would have the power to
enforce upon the people of a State after admis-
sion. Why, sir, is it to be contended on this
floor that when a State is once admitted with
its representation here and becomes a part of
the family of States it is not to he permitted to
regulate its own affairs within its own limits
equally with every other State? ft that the
equality of States which is recognized upon this
floor? Sir, that is not in accordance with our
theory of Government; it is in direct violation
of all its traditions from its formation down to
the present time. The theory which we have
always adopted is that when a State is once
admitted into the Union it has the same rights
as every other State, and no act of Congress in
the admission can control the future action of
the State.
The Ordinance of 1787 was referred' to by
the gentleman from Illinois as having been
held valid by the Supreme Court, so that no
State could ever authorize the existence of
slavery after that prohibition. Now, with all
deference to the gentleman's opinioa, I insist
that no case has ever arisen or could arise
where that decision could be made. It is a
mere obiter dictum. No State formed out
of that Territory has ever undertaken to estab-
lish slavery; hence any opinion of the Supreme
Court would be a mere opinion of good law-
yers but no decision, and therefore not enti-
tled to any weight as authority in this House,
even if any opinion of the Supreme Court,
which I deny, is entitled to weight as binding
authority here. The Congress of the United
States decides questions for itself; the deci-
sions of the Supreme Court are only binding
upon the parties immediately befors it ana
the judiciary as precedents, and in regard to
matters immediately involved in the particular
decision made.
But the theory of the Government has been
that every State in the Union must regulata
this matter of suffrage for itself. Massachu-
setts prohibits those from voting who can-
not read. Indiana permits a man to vote who
has been a resident of the United States
one year and a resident of the State six months
preceding the day of election, and who has
declared his intention of becoming a citizen
of the Unitad States. Other States attach
other conditions. Now, sir, I insist that in
the light of all these facts, of all the practice
of the Government from its foundation down
the present time, it is impracticable to impose
any conditions which shall be valid after the
State shall be admitted into the Union.
Now, it is proposed to change this condition-
subsequent to a condition-precedent by sending
the whole question back to the Legislature of
Nebraska for future action, which is in fact, in
all probability, throwing it beyond the present
Congress. _ _ _
It has been desired to have immediate action;
it is desirable that this State shall be_ admitted,
and for that reason this House has disregarded
its own enabling act, an act passed by tho
House and by the Senate after solemn consid-
eration, and has passed an act admitting this
State notwithstanding it had a provision in its
Constitution which the most strenuous advo-
cates of negro suffrage insist is not in accord-
ance with the principles of the Declaration of
Independence, while the enabling act required
that its constitution should be m accordance
with those principles, yet the House' passed
that act ana it went to the Senate and fromi
that body now comes this bill upon which we
are called upon to act. By adopting the amend-
ment of tho gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. BotJTWRM,] we accomplish nothing. We
