1242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
at the head of which is a very estimable lady,
Mrs. Griffith, in distributing these people into
the communities in the several States; but
there are still a large number of-colored peo-
ple in this District who are in a state of suffer-
ing and destitution, and there is no mode of
relief. The corporate authorities of these
cities do not feel—and I do not say that they
ought to feel—that these people are properly
chargeable upon them, and they make no pro-
vision for them. They are dependent, there-
fore, upon private charities abroad and such
liberality as Congress sees fit to extend to
them. Early last year, perhaps in March or
April, Congress appropriated $25,000. The
bill originated then as now in the Senate, and
upon a statement of facts relative to the gen-
eral destitution of these people then as well as
now. The bill as it passed the Senate appro-
priated $25,000 for the benefit of the colored
people in this District, but it was amended in
the House so as to apply to the poor of the
District, and the result has been,_according to
the report which I have in my hands, that the
larger portion of it has been distributed to the
white population in the District. -
Mr. FESSENDEN. Who had the distribu-
tion of that fund 1
Mr. MORRILL. It was under the Freed-
rnen's Bureau. The language of the law was
such as to cover "the poor of the District;"
and therefore, although confided to the Freed-
men's Bureau, th6 Commissioner of that bureau
did not deem that he was at liberty to confine
it to the freodmon, and so the charity has been
distributed to the poor of this District. The
poor of this city and the poor of Georgetown,
as I am informed and believe, have shared
very largely out of that fund. I have before
me a partial report showing the distribution
of the fund for a certain period, which shows,
for a limited period, this result:
Relief afforded, on recommendation ofvisiting agents,
for whites ©3,421 tl
Relief afforded, on recommendation of visit-
ins agonts, for colored persons  2,065 00
• It was not the intention, originally, of the
movers of that resolution that the money should
be distributed generally to the poor of this
District, for the obvious reason that the cities
of Wa.sliingl.on and Georgetown would hardly
feel themselves complimented by an attempt
of Congress to take charge of their poor. It
would be the next thing to throwing the cities
themselves upon the national Treasury to say
that these cities are not capable to take care
of their own poor; and yet this fund having
been provided, I am told the poor here very
generally resorted to it, and the result has
been that only a small portion has gone to those
for whom the appropriation was originally
intended, who are destitute and suffering per-
sons, for whom there is no regular charity here
and no provision of law. They are waifs thrown
on the surface here by the rebellion through
which we have passed and the events that have
succeeded it. They como here to local organ-
izations which are to some extent unfriendly,
•and there is nobody to care for them. There
is no relief for them except by an appeal to
Congress.
The committee considered the matter, and
put the appropriation at as low a figure as was"
possible. The amount last year was $25,000;
but it is believed that if this $15,000 can be
confined to the freedmen, the colored popula-
tion_ who eoine_ in here from the States and
are in a condition of destitution, it will with
economy be sufficient to help them through
this season of the year, and enable the bureau
and the association to which I-have referred
to distribute them in the States and find posi-
tions for them, so that before another winter
this large surplus population will be distributed
through the country.
Mr. WADE. I think it was the understand-
ing of the committee that this sum ought to be
$20,000, and I hardly see how the bureau can
get along with less. Last year the appropria-
tion was §25,000, and I do not believe a similar
amount of money was ever better expended
than that appropriation was. The white poor,
who ought to be maintained by the white pop-
ulation of the District, came and participated
in that fund. I understand that during the last
year some five thousand colored people have
been sent off to get homes where they have an
opportunity to make provision for themselves
by their own labor. An institution which
accomplishes such results ought to be cher-
ished, and I really do not know how we could
get along without it.
All this arises from the abnormal state of
things consequent upon the late war. _ I have
no doubt that it will very soon subside, and
that this is a mere temporary affair.
Mr. CONNESS. Let me ask at what date
the appropriation was made last year ?
Mr. MORRILL. The last of March or the
first of April.
Mr. WADE. This winter has been a very
hard one, and there is a great deal of suffering
here. We see but very little of it unless we take
pains to inquire or are on committees that bring
us in contact with the vast amount of suffering
there is here. I want to put the appropriation
at as low a figure &s possible ; but I am afraid
the amount named here is entirely too low.
Mr. MORRILL. I sympathize entirely with
the Senator's feeling, and think we ought to have
more.
Mr. WADE. I ask the Senator if, from all
the inquiries he has made and all the knowledge
he has, he believes $15,000 will be enough to
get along with ?
Mr. MORRILL. I believe it would be a very
small sum for the purpose. I should be glad to
see it $20,000.
Mr. WADE. I mQve to amend the joint
resolution by striking out $15,000 and insert-
ing $20,000. 3
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in. .
The joint resolution was ordered to bo en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
vagrant ciiildken.
Mr. SUMNER. Senate bill No. 573, re
ported from the Committee on the District of
Columbia, was under consideration the other
day, and was informally laid aside. I now
move that the Senate proceed with its consid-
eration.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 573) supple-
mentary to the act incorporating the News-
boys'^ Home, and providing for the relief of
certain minor children in the District of Colum-
bia, the pending question being on the amend-
ment proposed by Mr. Johnson, to insert as a
new section, after section three, the following;
And be it further enacted, That when the said courts
or magistrates shall discover irom competent testi-
mony that tho children brought before them belong
to parents who are mombersof some particular reli-
gious denomination orsoeiety.thesechildrenshall be
handed over by the action of the courts or magis-
trates to the agent or committee of their respective
religrions denomination: Provided, It bo well ascer-
tained that the latter have made sufficient provision
for the care and piotection of such children : And
provided aim. That, the parents or guardians of tho
children bo immediately notified of such proceeding.
Mr. MORRILL. Those who were here on
the former occasion when this bill was consid-
ered will recollect the character of this amend-
ment ; but as there are some Senators present
now who were not here then, perhaps I ought
to present a few words in explanation of the
bill.
This bill is a bill to incorporate certain ladies
as a body politic and corporate upon the prin-
ciple of the distribution of a general charity.
They are authorized by this bill to receive va-
grant, indigent, and abandoned minor children
into their care and custody and provide for
them, and they are also authorized by this bill,
if they find children indigent, vagrant, and aban- j
doned, to bring them before the court, and if I
they have no parents, upon evidence satisfac-
tory to the court that such children "are desti-
tute, vagrant, or abandoned, the court shall
be authorized to commit such children to 'be
care and custody of this institution. Thai is
the general scope ofthebill. Now, theamer.d-
ment is that whenever there is an attempt to
bring such children before the court to procure
such judgment, other parties may interpose,
not the parents, not the guardians, not the legal
custodians, not the legal representatives of the
children, but anybody outside who feels inter-
ested on account of their' religious notions, a
religious society or denomination may interpose
against this general charity and claim the chil-
dren, and upon proof that the parents of the
children are of their particular persuasion or
mode of thinking these children shall be turned
over to these persons and discharged from the
custody of the law. That, I understand, is
substantially the provision.
I said the other day all that I had to say
about it. I will simply repeat that if the gen-
eral charity we authorize here is laudable, if
the care of the State may be invoked for desti-
tute, abandoned, and vagrant children, and if
it is proper for the State to look after such
children and care for them, and we are satis-
fied that the corporators in this bill are suit-
able and proper persons, then I think it is a
very pertinent inquiry whether anybody for
sectarian purposes should be authorized to
interpose between the law and this general
charity and dispossess the court of its jurisdic-
tion, and dispossess these persons of the right
to control this general charity. That is the
whole of it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Although I am a mem-
ber of the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia, it is understood by the chairman of the
committee that I did not concur in reporting
this bill. This charity was started originally
as a charity for the newsboys of Washington.
Now, sir, I regard the newsboys of Washington
as a very respectable corporation, and I do not
regard them as vagrants or as persons lost or
abandoned. Many of the newsboys of this
country have grown up into men of high value
in public places and in commercial circles in
the business of the country. This bill, then,
is reducing a charity which was volunteered by
some ladies here, with the aid of Congress, for
the benefit of the newsboys of the city of Wash-
ington, to an institution for the vagrants, the
small thieves, the loiterers, and the wharf-rats
of the city of Washington upon the ground
that they are abandoned boys. I. know many
newsboys about here that exhibit intelligence
quite equal to their years, considering the
advantages they have possessed. I have known
newsboys to grow up into important men ; and
when we have started a charity for their benefit
I do not care to assoil it with any other one and
to mix them with the'common thieves and loaf-
ers and boys that are abandoned.
My idea is, that if you start a charity for the
newsboys it should be for the benefit of news-
boys ; and if these charitable ladies wish the
aid of the Government to carry on their char-
itable institution, so far as the newsboys are
concerned, be it so ; but if you want a house
of refuge for yqung thieves, for vagrant boys,
for those who have no homes and who_ live in
barrels and under boxes and on the wharves,
make a proper house of refuge for them, as
there is in every civilized part of the country.
But I am not disposed to have an association
which was started here for the professed object
of taking care of the newsboys of Washington
commingled with and associated with all the
crime, iniquity, and evil there may be among
the juvenile population. That class should be
put into a house of refuge. I am opposed to
the whole bill for that reason, and the reason
is patent to any one who will bestow a thought
on the subject.
This was started as a charity to aid the news-
boys, who are poor but many of whom are
industrious. Many a newsboy in this city
supports his mother and takes care of his
