1867.
"THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to their legitimate conclusion, however start-
ling and extraordinary that conclusion maybe.
He has declared here that the government of
Pennsylvania is not a republican form of gov-
ernment, and he has expressed the hope that
Congress will make it such. I do not-know,
sir, whether he would go quite as far as the
distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. banks] did yesterday, and claim that
Congress has the power to prescribe conditions
of admission, to prescribe terms which shall
make proposed State governments republican
in form, and then, if the States concerned do
not assent to those terms, or afterward violate
them, that we have power to march armies
into their midst and compel them to submit to
and adopt the government which we impose.
That seems to me to be extending the prin-
ciple asserted on this floor to a somewhat dan-
gerous extent, though I confess it seems to me
a logical inference from the principles which
are asserted in this bill and by gentlemen upon
this floor.
1 have sometimes feared that gentlemen of
this House, in their anxiety to secure republi-
can forms of government to the States, might
entirely forget the necessity, or even the pro-
priety, of maintaining a republican form of
government for the United States. Certainly
a Government which is to march armies into
the States to compel assent to its will can
scarcely be called a republican form of govern-
ment. It may be a democratic despotism, a
centralized despotism under democratic forms,
as the Government of France is; but it is not,
and no ingenuity, no sophistry, can make it
even seem to be, the Republic which our lathers
founded and handed down to their posterity to
be preserved forever. Nor do I think that the
clause of the Constitution which imposes on
the Government of the United States the duty
of guarantying to each State a republican form
of government obliges or authorizes the Fed-
eral Government to make for each State what
at any time its shifting parties may be pleased
to call a republican form of government. We
"guaranty" to a man or a State or community
that which that man or State or community
has already in possession. If we guaranty to
a man possession of his house, we do not oblige
ourselves to put him into a house, to erect and
provide a house for him, and keep him there
against his will. If we guaranty the payment
of a note, we presume that note to be already
in existence. The Government of the United
States guaranties to each State what that State
adopts and accepts, acting under tho Constitu-
tion of the United States and in obedience to its
restrictions, as a republican form ofgovernment.
And it is rather startling to hear, as we have
heard upon this floor to-day, that, with one or
two exceptions, there are no States in this Union
having republican forms of goverment, such as
the United States are bound by the Constitution
to guaranty to every State in the Union; and
it is still more startling to hear the power of the
Government invoked to make all those States
—old and new, Pennsylvania and Ohio as well
as Nebraska and South Carolina—republican
in form by an arbitrary exercise of its will,
backed by its armed power.
I think it desirable that new States should
come into this Union as soon as they are prop-
erly organized, as soon as their population is
sufficient to entitle them to representation upon
tliis floor. They are guarantied full represent-
ation at the other end of the Capitol the mo-
ment they come in. I do not think there is any
reason, either in right or good policy, why we
should have States here simply because they
have some population and desire to come in.
There are many advantages in being a State
undoubtedly, advantages to the State itself and
advantages to the Government of which they
form a part; but I think we should not act with
undue haste in these matters. If these States
have elements of growth in them they can afford
to wait a few years until their population is
sufficient at least to entitle them to one member
here. Until they have at least population enough
for that I do not think we are bound by any
consideration of duty or of sound public policy
to admit them on equal terms with New York,
Pennsylvania, and Ohio aa States into the
Union.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will vote for this
amendment, and if it should be adopted by
the House I will vote for the passage of this
bill; but withoHt this amendment I will not
vote for the passage of the bill. For, sir, I
have firmly resolved never to vote for the
admission of any State into this Union which
embodies within its constitution the objection-
able proposition to be found in the one pre-
sented by the people of Nebraska. The time
has gone by for us to recognize that distinction
of rights because of the question of the color
of the skin or of race or of birth. And I
hope, sir, it may never receive any recognition
at the hands of the Congress of the United
States.
Mr. Speaker, I will not enter upon the dis-
cussion of the question which has been pro-
pounded by several gentlemen as to whether
the State of Pennsylvania, Ohio, or Iowa pos-
sesses a republican form of government. The
limitation which is found in the constitution of
Nebraska is found in the constitution of Iowa
to-day; but, sir, I hope before many months
have passed we will have stricken that limita-
tion out of our constitution. I have full con-
fidence that the people mean to do it.
Now, as to the effect of this amendment;
will it be binding? Will it effect anything?
Can the people of Nebraska after its admission
as a State remove this obligation resting upon
them and reincorporate into their constitution
this limitation. If my time will allow me I
will endeavor to answer this question. Gentle-
men in this discussion seem to forget that the
Legislature of a State may do that which it is
not restricted from doing; that the Legisla-
ture of a State is not bound by the same rules
of constitutional law as the Congress of the
United States; that unless an act is prohibited
by the Constitution a State Legislature can do
it. The Congress of the United States may
do such acts as its delegated powers authorize,
and such as are necessary to the enjoyment of
the powers thus delegated; that is, exercise
implied powers incidental and necessary to
those delegated. The Legislature of a State
is not bound by the constitutional law appli-
cable to this body. Can, then, the Legislature
of Nebraska assent to the proposition embraced
in this amendment? Gentlemen will say no.
Why ? Because it is not the Legislature of the
State. Admit it. We send this proposition
to a body of men known to the constitution
which has been sent to us here as the constitu-
tion of Nebraska, as the Legislature of the
State of Nebraska. They are bound by the
authority of the amendment it is proposed to
be incorporated into this bill. They pass upon
this proposition, and in the name and in behalf
of the people of Nebraska they accept this
proposition. It may be said their power is not
sufficiently extensive to warrant this.
They are the agents choseu by the people of
the Territory asking for admission as a State.
After the acceptance of the condition by this
body of men thus authorized to act for the peo-
ple within the bounds of their Constitution, the
people of the new State act upon the condition
themselves and accept and ratify the action of
the Legislature. Now, sir, if they consent to
act in their capacity of a State organization
upon the condition thus accepted by their legis-
lative body, I insist that they ratify that action
of their Legislature, and it becomes binding
upon the people. If they do not accept it,
then they do not appear here in the person of
Representatives as a State of the Union they
remain just where they are; they acquire no
status in the Union as a member of it. If, on
the other hand, as I have remarked, they by
accepting the position of a State in the Union
ratify the action of the body called the State
Legislature, it becomes binding updn them.
Now, if this be true, then this proposition will
be effective and will reach and.accomplish the
object we so much desire.
But it is said, even if this should be binding
upon the people of Nebraska after admission,
that after they have been clothed with the
power of a State they may at once amend the
constitution and reinsert this limited right of
suffrage. I deny it. The idea that a people
of a Territory may apply to Congress for ad-
mission as a State, promising all that the Gov-
ernment of the United States and the people
of the United States ask them to perform,
promising for the purpose of deceiving the Gov-
ernment of the United States after their prom-
ise has been accepted by the Congress of tho
United States, and the State is admitted into
the family of States, the doctrine that they can
the next day repudiate all and reverse the
principles of this constitution, I deny. Why,
sir, to establish a doctrine of that kind is but
to place within the power of the people of any
Territory the means to contravene a most
solemn act of the Government of the United
States in the admission of a State.
Now, sir, I have a theery of my own—I
know not how many may be willing to indorse
it—in regard to these changes of State consti-
tutions. The Government of the United States
is required by the Constitution to guaranty a
republican form of government to the several
States of the Union. The people of a Terri-.
tory present a constitution which Congress
declares to be republican in form, and to con-
form to the requirements exacted by Congress.
Now, my doctrine in regard to these constitu-
tions is that changes which the people may
subsequently seek to make in them should be
submitted to Congress the same as the original
constitution is submitted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOUTWELL. I yield fi#e minutei to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I mean to
stand by the bill as it came from the Senate
for the reasons which I assigned yesterday,
and I mean to vote against the amendment of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bout-
well.] I shall do so for the reason that tho
proposition is without precedent in the history
of the Government. I am not to be alarmed
by gentlemen assuming on this floor to be the
sole champions and defenders of liberty, and
I scout all pretension of gentlemen who pro-
fess to be such champions and come into this
House to trample the charter of liberty and
the oath which they have taken under their
feet.
What is proposed by this amendment? It
is this: that the Legislature of a State shall
change its organic law in direct contravention
of the express authority of the people of that
State, and only by authority of Congress. Who
ever before heard such a proposition ? It has
no parallel in the Missouri case; and to test
the vitality of this, I will agree to vote for the
proposition in the case of Missouri word for
word, letter for letter, as a substitute for this
clause. It does not approach the Missouri
proposition, which was that the State of Mis-
souri should be admitted into the Union upon
the fundamental condition that her constitution
should never be eonstrued to authorize the
passage of any law, and no law should ever be
passed by the State of Missouri in conformity
thereto, by which any citizen of either of the
States of the Union should be excluded from
the enjoyment of any privileges or immunities
to which such citizen was entitled under the
Constitution of the United States.
But what is this proposition? Why, that the
Legislature of the State of Nebraska shall
change its organic law so that that elause shall
be what it was not made by that people but
the very contrary thereof. What right has
Congress to make a constitution for a State?
The people make the constitutions of States,
and the people mado the Constitution of the
United States. The first line of that great
instrument is, " We, the people of the United
