480
TBM OOHailHSlOIf AL &L0M
January 15,
States, do ordain; ted establish this1 Constitu-
tion." The first article in thai Constitution
is, that the people of a State shall control its
organic power tod define' the qualifications of
, its electors'. What is this proposition ? That
Congress by the legislative, enactment of the
• State shall change its % oigaaic law so as to
fix for all time to> conie thef qualifications Of
electors.
Sir, I will gladly hail the day when every
State in this- Union shall strike the word
'' white'' front its• constitution, but I will not
stultify myself bjjf pretending that we can guar-
anty Co Nebraska a republican government
• in violation of the very letter of the constitu-
tion whieh that people' have ordained, and at
the same time refuge to guaranty a like rfe-
publican government to' Pennsylvania or Ohio
hi- defiance of the will of th® people of those
States. Our power to do the one is equal: to
our power to do the other.
The SPEAKER pro tempore.- The gentle-
man's time has expired.
Mr. BOUT WELL. I now yield for two
minutes to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Ashley.]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr Speaker, the
bill which came to us from the Senate was not
such a one as I could approve, and therefore I
made no speech in its- favor, intending simply
to vote for it and trust, as my friend said yes-
terday, that the moral power which the third
section serried with it Would give us a majority
in the two new States.
I now, rise' to say that I shall vote for the
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell,] and to advise
all the members of the House who are in favor
of the passage of the bill to sustain that Amend-
ment, in order that we may stand as a unit in
favor of the admission of these new States. I
am satisfied^hafc the adoption of this amend-
ment will secure the early admission of Ne-
braska, and with that I am content.
Mr. BOUTWELL. In reply to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] I desire to
' gay that I think he is in error as to the pro-
ceedings of Congress in reference to the admis-
sion of Missouri. As I understand the matter,
the constitution of Missouri contained a pro-
vision that the State might pass a- law by which
free negroes should be excluded from the State,
and Congress declared that that provision in
theirconstitution should never be so interpreted
as to authorize the exclusion of free negroes
from that State, requiring the Legislature of
the State of Missouri to accept that as a fun-
damental condition upon which Missouri was to
be admitted into the Union. That is my recol-"
lection.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have the statute here,
and there is no such thing in it.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot now yield to
the gentleman. That is my recollection.
But, sir, to come to the practical question
before the House, I may say, without going
into any explanation of what must be apparent
to every gentleman upon the floor, that the
proposition which I submitoffers the only prac-
ticable way by which Nebraskacan be admitted
into the Union at the present time.
In the first place, that proposition secures all
that is secured by the bill as it came from the
Senate—the judgment of Congress as to what
should be the law of Nebraska in reference to
the elective franchise. It further secures this,
which is of paramount importance, and which
I submit is all that can ever be secured by the
Congress of the United States in reference to
any State: the moral consent and judgment of
the people of Nebraska that the provision of
their constitution to whieh we object shall never
be enforced in that State. It is to be presumed
that the Legislature of Nebraska, the last As-
sembly elected by the people there, understand
the wishes and opinions of the jjeople in refer-
ence to this matter. We snbmrt this proposi-
tion to that Legislature. They are presumed
to represent the will and opinions of the people
of the State. If they assent to this, proposition
We have then , in behalf of the position we main-
tain here, the political force of the political
opinion of the representatives of the people of
Nebraska and the moral power of the people
of that State, they, through their representa-
tives, having assented to tMs: proposition- as a
fundamental condition und'ei' which they take
their place in the Government Sf this country j
and we may safely rely upon the people of NeJ
braska" for ftlt time to come to make good! the,
obligation which they will have asstfmed through
their Legislature to-the people ajid the Govern-
ment of this country. Moreover we inaugurate
that State upon a right principle; If ^Change
be made hereafter the moving p&ftlf will be- a
party in the wrong, arid the right Will! fee in
possession of the fortress-, of the stronghold of
republican principles in that State.,
I do not desire to say anything further my-
self, but the gentleman from New York from
the Troy district, [Mr. Griswold,]' appealed' to
me a few moments since for two or three min-
utes of my time, and I now yield to him.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Mr. Speaker, I am much
obliged to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
who has-Charge! of this bill, for the very brief
opportunity he has1 afforded Hie for explaining
the vote I propose-to give.-
I have always contended,- Mr. Speaker, that
the true theory of our Government demanded
that the whole people should have the right of
participating in that Government; that all who
are to be the subjects of our laws should have
a voice in the making of those laws. To this
must the question of suffrage ultimately come.
I have always been opposed to the modern dis-
tinction which has been made on account of
color, and have Voted whenever the opportunity
has presented in accordance with this opposi-
tion. In my own State and in the District of
Columbia my vote has been given to abrogate
this color-distinction. Especially now that the
chief cause of this distinction has been eradi-
cated in the abolition of the institution of
slavery, it is in my judgment quite time that
our legislation should conform to the changed
condition of things.
In the present ease, Mr. Speaker, my great
embarrassment has been that it seems to be
breaking down the barriers Ivhich I believe in
observing and respecting, that of leaving the
control of the question of suffrage with the
States themselves. But, sir, I justify myself
on this point in the fact that we are now legis-
lating for a Territory over which no State gov-
ernment exists; and I can see no impropri-
ety or inconsistency, especially in the changed
condition of our national affairs, in the Con-
gress of the United States prescribing condi-
tions under which new States shall be admitted
to a participation in the legislation of the coun-
try. I do not forget in this connection that
the State government when organized will have
the power to repudiate these conditions and
make such as they may see fit; but the moral
force of a congressional expression cannot but
have more or less effect, and the greater when
that expression is on the side of humanity,
right, and justice.
Influenced thus, Mr. Speaker, by the varied
and somewhat conflicting considerations that
have weight in deciding on the question under
consideration, I have come to the conclusion
to record my vote first for the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Boutwell,] and then for the bill as
amended.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now yield for a few
moments to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I take it for granted, Mr.
Speaker, that no intelligent, liberal-minded
man, who has watched the remarkable progress
of events, and the still more remarkable prog-
ress of ideas in this country during the last few
years, can fail to see that the sentiment and
purpose of the American people are rapidly
and inevitably centering upon this great truth,
to be applied to every citizen of lawful age ttn-
convicted of crime, namely; suffr&g^and safety,
like liberty and union, "are one and insepar-
able." For myself, I was long agt> Committed
to this truth; and to-day more firmly than
ever - before I believe that by this alone can
we_ deserve or enjoy perfect or lasting peace.
This truth I will not sacrifice for consideration
of expediency or political advantage. Hence,
when I am called upon to give my consent to
the admission of any new State into this
Union I demand that this shall be on(>of tlio
ft-ndamental conditions.
Whether the amendment how pending before
flhe House d66s legally affix that condition may
be a question of doubt; but that it calls out from
the highest legislative authority of Nebraska
a declaration to that effect and morally com-
mits the new State to the proposition, binding
its people in a covenant with the nation
which they will not break, is to my mind clear
beyond question. The bill as it came from the
Senate was only a declaration of the will of
Congress: that the new State should give equal
rights to all its citizens. The pending amend-
ment allows the State to come in only when she
shall give her Solemn pledge that such rights
shall be guarantied. Believing that Nebraska
will keep her faith, I shall vote for this bill if
the amendment prevails.
One word more. I cannot' agree -with my
colleague, [Mr. Delano.] Hesays'that we stul-
tify ourselves if we declare that a State shall
not come into the Union with a constitution
which gives the suffrage only to white men,
because we have never made that condition
before, and the word "white""is in many of
our State constitutions. I answer him that if
we adopt that doctrine we can never make any
reform; and I answer him further that I hope
and believe—and I think he will agree with
me in the opinion—that before the next twelve
months shall have passed the State of Ohio
will strike the word white" from her consti-
tution.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now yield for a mo-
ment to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Davis.]
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, the single min-
ute remaining before the debate on this bill
must be closed will permit me to say only that, •
independently of any pther considerations which
might incline me to oppose its passage, I am
constrained to vote against the admission of
Nebraska as I shall vote against the admission
of Colorado, because neither has a population
sufficient to entitle it to a single Representative
in Congress. *
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now call for the pre-
vious question.
-The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; which was 'upon the
amendment of Mr. Boutwell.
The amendment was read, as follows j
Btrike out the third section in the following words:
And be it further enacted. That this act Bhall take
effect with the fundamental and perpetual condition
that within said State of Nebraska there shall be no
abridgment or denial of the exercise of the elective
franchise, or of any other right, to any person by
reason of race orcolor,(exceptinglndiansnottaxed.)
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
And be it further enacted. That this act shall take
effect with the fundamental and perpetual condition
that within said State of Nebraska there shall be no
abridgement or denial of the exercise of the elective
franchise or of any other right to any person by
reason of race or color, excepting Indians not taxed;
and upon the further fundamental condition that the
Legislature of said State, by a solemn public act,
shall declare the assent of said State to the said fun-
damental condition, and shall transmit to the Pres-
ident of the United States'an authentic copy of said
act. upon receipt whereof tho President, by procla-
mation, shall forthwith announce the fact, whereupon
said fundamental condition shall be hold as a part
of the organic law of the State; and thereupon, and
without any further proceeding on the part of Con-
gross, the admission of said State into the Union
shall be considered as complete. Said State Legis-
lature shall be convened by the territorial govern-
ment within thirty days after the passage of this act,
to aot upon tho condition submitted herein.
Mr. HISE. Is not the question on this
amendment divisible, so that we can have a
separate vote on striking out the third section 1
The SPEAKER pro tempore. One of tho
rules of the House expressly dcelarca that a
