1244
THE COKtJBBSSIOFAL; GLOBE.
February 13,
principles in it that cannot be passed-without
controversy, and I shall be one of the contro-
versialists, if it shall last for a long contro-
versy, I promise you that.. It cannot be passed
to-night.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the bill is laid aside
I wish to call attention, for one moment to the
amendment of the learned Senator from Mary-
land. He proposes to submit to the courts a
question with regard to the religious oenom-
inationgof the parents. Now, in introducing
that proposition, the Senator will allow me to
remind hira he does not follow the authorita-
tive precedents of his own State. Maryland is
certainly a State which has never been ungen-
erous to the Catholics. She has no reason to
be otherwise than generous to them, born as
she is of an eminent Catholic, the first settler.
But I have in my hand the Maryland statute
on this very subject creating a society in Balti-
more almost identical in purpose with that
which it isjproposed to create here.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the object of the hon-
orable member is to inform me of what the
statute of the State of Maryland is he may
save himself that trouble; I know it already ;
and when the time comes to debate the par-
ticular amendment that I have offered I hope
to satisfy the honorable member that that
amendment should be adopted, notwithstand-
ing that Maryland statute.
Mr. SPRAGUE and others.. Let, us have
the Maryland statute.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. Senators say,
" Let us have the Maryland statute." I will
not read it at length, but I have in my hand the
sixth annual report of the Children's Aid So-
ciety of Baltimore, October, 18GQ, and in the
appendix is a copy of tho Maryland statute
providing for the commitment to the custody
of this society of " all minor children, whether
male or female," and then empowering this
society to bind these minor children, male or
female, over to_ certain persons. Nothing is
said about any intervention on account of the
religious denomination of the parents. That
is the Maryland statute, passed under Catholic
influences, I doubt not. And now, if I under-
stand my oxceljent friend on my left, [Mr.
Johnson,] ho comes here and tries to intro-
duce into a statute of the United States a pro-
vision which calls upon the courts to discrim-
inate with regard to the religious belief of the
parents, which he does not find in the statutes
of his own State, and, as he announced in what
he said he said the other day, if not to-night,
he makes his motion in the interest of Catho-
lics, when the Catholics of Maryland found no
such representation in the statutes of their own
Slate. ■
f make this remark now even if this bill is
to lie laid aside. I am very sorry that this op-
position lias sprung up to this bill. It is very
simple in its provisions. It is supplementary
to one which has already been adopted by the
Senate. There arc many good persons here
who take a sincere interest in it and who will
be grieved very much at its failure. I wish the
Senate could act upon it now.
Mr. WILSON. I move that this bill be
informally laid aside for the purpose of taking
up some other matters.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be
laid aside informally by unanimous consent.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Let it be laid aside,
not informally.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tho motion
is that it bo laid aside informally.
Mr. WILSON. Why will not the Senator
from California allow this bill to pass over
informally, as by a common understanding, as
a vote cannot be taken upon it to-night, for
the purpose of taking-up bills that we can act
upon and which it is important to act upon?
I ask the Senator from California to let me
have the floor for a few minutes.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I want this bill to. go
over; but by laying it aside informally it, may.
come up again.
Mr. WILSON. It may or may not comeuo.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If the understanding
is that it shall not come up this evening again
I shall not oWect.
Mr; WILSON. It will not come up any
more this evening.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the- bill now before the Senate
will be laid aside, according the suggestion,
informally. It can he done by unanimous con-
sent only. No objection being made, it is laid
aside.
prize money to signal corps:
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the bill
(H. R. No. 1128) to authorize the payment of
prize money to certain officers and enlisted
men of the Signal corps of the Army.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It directs the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to pay to the
officers and enlisted men of the Signal corps
of the Army who were assigned to and per-
formed duty on the fleet under command of
Admiral D.' G. Farragut, while the fleet was
engaged in the action in Mobile bay, on the
5th of August, 1864, such sum or sums as prize
money, to each of them respectively, as will
be equal to what has been allowed in distribu-
tion to officers or sailors of the Navy of cor-
responding rank, the same as if their names
had been in any case borne on the ship's
books.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that these
officers and men were on board Admiral Far-
ragut's ship in Mobile bay, and by accident or
neglect of the proper officer their names were
not put on the list, and therefore they did not
get the prize money to which by law they were
entitled. They did their duty, and were en-
titled to it, and the Department so states. All
we ask is that this, error shall be corrected.
There are only a few of them.
_ Mr. JOHNSON. Has not that money been
distributed ?
Mr. WILSON. It has been distributed, but
the Government received one lialf of it, and
it is proposed to-pay these men out of that half.
The Government gains by all these prizes one
half, and these men were entitled to a share
of the other half, but wore left out by accident;
and certainly they ought to bo put on the same
footing as others.
Mr. WILLIAMS. How much money does
the bill appropriate?
Mr. WILSON. It cannot be but a very
small sum, as there were very few of them.
They were very important men on board; they
were the signal men.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no objection to the
principle of this bill, but I am fearful the Sen-
ator will not accomplish exactly what he wants.
In the first place, the bill does not provide that
the money shall be paid out of the naval pen-
sion fund, but paid out of the general Treas-
ury. I apprehend it should be paid out of the
naval pension fund.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do you pay prize
money out of the naval pension fund ?
Mr. GRIMES. The naval pension fund is
made up of the prize money. Then, again, the
bill declares that these officers and men shall
receive the same amount of prize money as has
been allowed to officers or men of correspond-
ing rank in the Navy. Now, I will inquire of
the Senator if he can inform me what would
be the_ corresponding rank of a private?
Would it be a seaman, an ordinary seaman, or
a landsman ?
Mr. AVILSON. I cannot tell. I suppose a
private would be ranked the same as a sailor.
Mr. GRIMES. But the sailors are ranked
in four different grades. They are seamen,
ordinary seamen, landsmen, and boys.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Department will
settle that.
Mr. GRIMES. How will they settle-it?
Mr. S PEAGUE. These men are all officers;
I think there are no privates.
Mr. GRIMES. If there are no privates this
objection is obviated,; but the bill includes
privates.
Mr. WILSON. It includes privates, and I
suppose there are one or two privates inter-
ested in it. Wherever a signal officer has been
placed during the war there have been one or
two privates with him. The bill probably does
not provide for over half a dozen men alto-
gether-.
Mr; GRIMES; I do not make any objec-
tion to the bill. I- think if these men were on
board of one of our vessels-of-war and ran the
risk of their lives they ought to be paid the
same as any other men. If the Senator will
accomplish, what he wants by the. bill I am
satisfied
Mr. WILSON. I am told that the Depart-
ment have settled one case on the same prin-
ciple exactly. I do not think there will be any
trouble about it. I think the Department will
settle the question of rank.
Mr.- FESSENDEN. It had better be paid
out of the naval pension fund.
Mr. WILSON. I think it had better be
taken, out of the Treasury. The Government
got one half the prize money.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But they paid it into
the naval pension fund.
Mr. WILSON. This is a House bill, and
if it is amended it will have to go back to the
House. The Government got fifty per cent,
of this prize money, and I think they can
afford to pay these four or five men. I hope
the bill will be put on its passage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question as soon as the debate
ceases. '
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
david's island.
Mr. WILSONS I move to take up the
House joint resolution for the purchase of
David's Island.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 263) for the purchase
of David's Island,- New York habor, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It is a
direction to the Secretary of War to purchase,
for the Government of the United States,
David's Island, in Long Island sound, at the
sum of $38,500, in accordance with the terms
and conditions of the lease of Simeon Leland,
dated April 13, 1862, and renewed March 30,
1863, by which the island was leased to the
United States.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that this
island will cost $38,500 and the Government
has on it $150,000 worth of buildings, and the
Secretary of War is very anxious to have tho
purchase made. This large amount of prop-
erty which we have there is of some value on
the island, but of very little value if'you move
it away.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is it?
Mr. WILSON. Hospital buildings and other
property we had there during the war. There
cannot be any doubt that this resolution ought
to pass. It has already passed the House^of
Representatives.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
property at harper's ferry.
Mr. WILSON. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1131) to authorize the Secretary of War to
convey certain lots in Harper's Ferry, West
Virginia.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to know how
I got dispossessed. I thought I was entitled
to go on with the District business. I gave
way tothe honorable Senators as I supposed, to
allow a little resolution to be passed, butlseem
to have been ousted.
Mr. WILSON. After this bill is passed I
will yield to the Senator.
^Mr. JOHNSON. I would prefer that, the
bill called up by the honorable member from
Massachusetts shoi>M not be acted upon now.
There is a difficulty I understand about the
title, and before disposing of the bill it would
