1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
481
motion to strike out and insert shall not be
divisible.
Mr. THAYER. I call for the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 87, nays 70, not voting 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Blaine,
Boutweil. Brandegee, Broomall, Cobb, Cook.Cullom,
Culver, Dawes, Beming, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eckley, Eliot, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell. (iris-
wold, Hart, Higby, Holmes, Hooper, DemasHubbard,
John H-HubbardJingcrsoU, Jenckes, Julian, Kelley,
ton, Newell, O'Neill,Orth, Paine, Patterson, S erham,
P'ke, Price, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice. John II.
Kice, Rollins, Sawyer, Sehenck, Scofield, Spalding,"
Stevens, Thayer, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner. Elihu B.
Washburne, William B. Washburn, Welker, Went-
worth, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wil-
liams, and Windom—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, DelosR. Ashley, Baker,
Benjamin, Bergen, Bingham, Boyer, Bromwell, Buck-
land, Bundy, Campbell, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke,
Cooper, Davis, Dawson, Defrees, Delano, Denison,
Eldridge, Farnsworth, Farquhar. Einck, Glossbren-
ner, Goodyear, Hale, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Hard-
ing, Hawkins, Henderson, Hill, Hise, Hogan, Chester
D. Hubbard. Edwin N. Hubbell. James R. Hubbell,
Humphrey, Hunter, Johnson, Kerr. Latham, George
V. Lawrence, Le Blond, Leftwieh, Marshall, McKee,
Miller, Niblack, Nicholson, Plants. Radford, Samuel
J. Randall. William H. Randall, Ritter, Rogers,
bhanklin, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Stilwell, Siokes,
Strouse, Taber, Nathaniel G, Taylor, Nelson Taylor,
f/aneis Thomas, John L.Thomas, Thornton, Andrew
Henry D. Washburn, and Whaley—70.
NOT VOTXNG-^Messrs. Amell, Barker, Beaman,
Bidwell, Blow, Sidney Clarke, Conklingr, Darling,
Dumont, Eggleston, Harris, Hayes, Hotehkiss, Asahel
W.Hubbard, Hulburd, Jones, Kasson, Laflin, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Marston, McCullough, Myers, Noell,
Phelps, Pomeroy, Ross, Rousseau, Sloan. Starr, Trim-
ble, Robert 1Wan Horn, Winfield, Woodbridge, and
Wright—34.
So the amendment was adopted.
During the call of the roll the following
announcements were made:
Mr. MORRILL. My colleague, Mr. Wood-
bridge, is confined to his room by illness.
Mr. GRINNELL. My colleague, Mr. Hue-
bard, of Iowa, is detained from the House by
sickness.
Mr. HOG-AN. My colleague, Mr. Noell,
is confined to his room by illness.
Mr. O'NEILL. My colleague, Mr. Myeks,
is absent attending to business of a committee!
If he were present he would vote for this
amendment.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I desire
to announce, that Mr. Clarke, of Kansas, is
necessarily absent. If he were present he would
vote for this amendment.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The bill as amended was ordered to a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 55, not vot-
ing 33 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Delos R.Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks,
Baxtor, Benjamin, Blaine, Boutweil, Brandegee,
Bromwell, Broomall, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb,
Cook, CuUom, Culver, Dawes, Delano, Deming, Dixon,
Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, EJiot, Farnsworth,
Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Griswold, Hart,
Henderson, Higby, Hill, Holmes, Hooper. Demas
Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell,
Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Kelley, Ketcbam, Koonts,
George V. Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Mars-
ton, Marvin, Maynard, McClurg, Melndoe, McRuer,
Morcur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moul-
ton, Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Per-
ham, Plants, Price, Alexander H. Rice. John H.
Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Sehenck, Scofield, Shella-
barger, Spalding, Stevens, Stokes. Thayer, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner,
B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Williams, James
1?. Wilson, Stephen F.Wilson, and Windom—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Baker, Bergen, Bingham,
Boyer, Buekland, Campbell, Chanler, Cooper, Davis,
Dawson, Defrees, Denison, Eldridge. Finek, Gloss-
hrenner, Goodyear, Hale, Aaron Harding. Abner C.
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 31.
Harding, Hawkins, Hise, Hogan, Chester D.Hubbard,
Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey, Hunter, Johnson,
Kelso, Kerr, Kuykendall, Latham, Le Blond, Left-
wieh, Marshall, McKee, Niblack, Nicholson, Rad-
ford, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall, Ray-
mond, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Shanklin, Sitgreaves,
Dumont, Eggleston, Harris, Hayes, Hotehkiss, Asahei
W. Hubbard, Hulburd, Jones, Kasson, Lafim, Wil-
liam Lawrence, McCullough, Myers, Noell, Phelps,
S11' ,"r9,mHoy' Rousseau, Sloan, Starr, Trimble,
Robert i. Van Horn, Winfield, Woodbridge, and
Wright—33. •
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll the following
announcements were made:
Mr. ALLISON. My colleague, Mr. Kasson,
has been necessarily called away this morning,
If he were here he would have voted in the
affirmative on the amendment and on the pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. FERRY. I desire to announce that my
colleague, Mr. Beaman, is absent by leave of
the House.
Mr. STOKES. I am authorized to state
that my colleague, Mr. Arneix, if present,
would vote for the passage of this bill.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
admission op colorado.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I now move, by
unanimous consent, to take up and consider
Senate bill No. 462, to admit the State of Col-
orado.
There was no objection.
The bill was read. The preamble recites
that on the 21st day of March, 18t>4, Congress
passed an act to enable the people of Colorado
to form a constitution and State government,
and offered to admit the State, when so formed,
into the Union upon compliance with certain
conditions therein specified; that it appears by
a message of the President of the-United States
that the people have adopted a constitution,
which upon due examination is found to con-
form to the provisions and comply with the
conditions of the enabling act, and to be re-
publican in its form of government, and that
they now ask for admission into the Union.
The first section^provides that the constitu-
tion and State government which the people
of Colorado have formed for themselves be
accepted, ratified, and confirmed, and that
the State of Colorado be declared to be one
of the United States of America, and admitted
into the Union upon an equal footing with the
original States in all respects whatsoever.
Section two declares the State of Colorado
entitled to all the rights, privileges, grants, and
immunities, and subject to all the conditions
and restrictions of an act entitled "An act to
enable the people of Colorado to form a con-
stitution and State government, and for the
admission of such State into the Union on an
equal footing with the original States," ap-
proved March 21, 1864.
Section three provides that this act shall
take effect with the fundamental and perpetual
condition that within the State of Colorado
there shall be no abridgement or denial of the
exercise of the elective franchise, or of any
other right, to any person by reason of race or
color, (excepting Indians not taxed.)
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move to strike
out the third section, and in lieu thereof to
insert the following, which is substantially the
same provision as that which the House has
already incorporated into the Nebraska bilh
And be it further enacted, That this act shall not
take effect except upon the fundamental condition
that within the State of Colorado there shall be no
denial of the elective franchise or any other rights
to any person by reason of race or color, excepting
Xndiansnot taxed: and upon the further fundamental
condition that theLcgislature elected under said State
constitution, by a solemn public act, shall declare the
assent of said State to the said fundamental condi-
tion, and shall transmit to the President of the United
States an authentic copy of said act, upon the receipt
whereof the President, by proclamation, shall forth-
with announce the fact, whereupon said fundamental
Cf?ftniSha11 be * Part of the organic law
oi the State; and thereupon, and without any further
proceeding on the part of Congress, the admission of
said estate into the unian sh$ll be considered as com-
plete. Said State Legislature shall be convened by
the governor-elect of said State within sixty days
after the passage of this act to act npon the condition,
submitted herein.
Mr. BINGHAM, I ask my colleague to let
me offer the following amendment:
That if the people of said State of Colorado shall
so amend their constitution as that no discrimination
shall be made on account of race or color in the right
of the citizens therein to the elective franchise, the
same shall be admitted by proclamation of the Presi-
dent on an equal footing with the other States.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I cannot yield for
thatpun>ose. I demand the previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
70, noes 40.-
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. FINCK demanded the yeas and nays oa
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 63, not voting
44 5 as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
James M.Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Blaine,
Boutweil, Brandegee, Broomall. Cobb, Cook, CuUom,
Culver, Dawes, Deming, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs,Eckiey. Eliot,Ferry,Garfield,Grinnell, Gris-
wold, Hart, Higby, Holmes, Hooper, Deu^s Hub-
bard, John H. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian,
Kelley, Kelso, Koontz, Kuykendall,Longyear,Lynch,
Marvin, Maynard, McClurg, Melndoe, McRuer, Mer-
cur, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Newell,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Price,
Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Rollins,
Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Stevens. Thayer, Trow-
bridge. Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Ham-
ilton Ward, WarnelTEiihu B. Washburne, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Williams, James
F. Wilson,Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Baker, Benjamin, Ber-
gen, Bingham, Boyer, Buekland, Bundy, Campbell,
Reader W. Clarke, Cooper, Davis, Defrees, Delano,
Eldridge, Farquhar, Finck, Glossbrenner, Goodyear,
Hale, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Harding, Hawkins,
Henderson, Hill, Hise, Hogan, Chester D. Hubbard,
Edwin N. Hubbell, JaraesR. Hubbell,Hunter, John-
son, Kerr, Latham, George V. Lawrence, Le Blond,
Leftwieh, Marshall, McKee, Miller, Niblack, Nich-
olson, Plants. Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William
H.Randall, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Shanklin, Shella-
barger, Sitgreaves, Stilwell, Stokes, Strouse, Taber,
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Francis Thomas, John L.
Thomas, Thornton, Andrew H. Ward, Henry D.
Washurn, and Whaley—63.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
Barker, Beaman, Bidwell, Blow, Bromwell, Chanler,
Sidney Clarke, Conkling, Darling, Dawson, Denison,
Dumont, Eggleston, Farnsworth, Harris, Hayefe,
Hotehkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Hulburd,Humphrey,
Jones, Kasson, Kefcham, Laflin. William Lawrence,
Loan, Marston, McCullough, Myers, Noell, Phelps,
Pomeroy, Rousseau, Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Nelson
Taylor, Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, Winfield,
Woodbridge, and Wright—44.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly rea*d the third
time.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, demanded the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. JDAYIS moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered} which was upon the
passage of the bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 60, not voting
41; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames. Anderson,
Delos R. Ashley, JamesM. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks,
Baxter, Benjamin, Boutweil. Brandegee, Bromwell,
Broomall, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Cook,
Cullom, Culver, Dawes, Delano, Deming, Dixon,
Dodge, Donnelly. Driggs, Eckley, Eliot, Farquhar,
Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Griswold, Henderson, Hig-
by, Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Demas Hubbard, John it.
Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Ingessoll, Jenekes,
Julian, Kelley, Koontz, George V, Lawrence, Long-
year, Marston, Marvin, McClurg, Melndoe, McRuor,
Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morris, Moulton,Newell,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Plants, Price, Alexan-
derH. Rice, JohnH. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, .Sehenck,
Shellabarger, Spalding, Stokes, Thayer, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Warner, Henry D.Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth,
