1922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Lane, Nye, Patter-
ton, Poland, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Stewart, Sumner,
Triunbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Williams, Wilson,
and Yates—'27.
NAY6— Messrs. Anthony. Chandler, Dixon, Ed-
munds, Fesseiulen, Foster. Fiolingliuysen, Morsau,
Pomorov, Ross, Sherman, Spraffue, and Willey—lo.
ARSEXT — Messrs. Hrown, Urtmo?, Guthrie, Har-
ris, Howe, Johnson, Kirkwood, McDougall, Morrill,
Xesmith, Norton, and Riddle—12.
So the amendment was agreed to.
ADMISSION' OF COLORADO.
Mr. WADE. I now move to postpone the
present and all prior orders and take up the
bill for the admission of Colorado into the
Union as a State, with the veto message of the
President upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that will not be
done. I do not understand the necessity par-
ticularly of taking that up to-night instead of
to-morrow or next day. This bill must be
passed here, and then it must go to the House
with our amendments, which are numerous,
and be considered there, and we must have a
committee of conference. It is of the utmost
importance that we should pass it as soon as
possible. I do not understand that the ques-
tion of acting upon the President's veto is of
such infinite importance that it must be taken
up to-night at near midnight and the admis-
sion of a State be acted upon. I hope it will
not be done.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose the Senator
from Ohio wants to take the Colorado bill up
to set it for some time. Ho hardly wants to
force it to a vote to-night.
Mr. WADE. Certainly. I expect to get a
vote to-night. I do not know that I can suc-
ceed ; but I shall try it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. To-night?
Mr. WADE. Yes, to-night.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is a rather re-
freshing undertaking at this time of night. [
The tax on whisk# ought to be reduced if that
is the style of labor we have got to undertake.
[Laughter.] I will suggest what is fair in re-
gard to Colorado: and that is, that without
debate to-morrow at half past twelve o'clock
we take the vote.
Several Snx.itop.s. That is fair.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is fair. Some
Senators are not able to be here to-night on l
account of sickness. The Senator from Dela-
ware [Mr. Riddle] has been sick for some
time with the rheumatism ; and it is, I sup-
pose, impossible for hi«n to come out at night.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Grimes] is sick, too.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And I believe the Sen-
ator from Iowa has also been sick recently ;
and although he is able to attend the day ses-
sions he would hardly be willing to come out
at night. I think I can say for our side of the
Chamber that we can take the vote to-morrow
at half-past twelve o'clock without any delay.
Mr. WADE. I have been endeavoring now
for more than two weeks to get this bill up, and
appropriation bills and other measures have
intervened every time ; and I know to-morrow
how these measures will be pressed upon us. I
have taken infinite pains here this evening to
endeavor to keep a quorum for the purpose of
disposing of this question now, and I think it
ought to be disposed of before we adjourn. I
hope we shall be permitted to vote on the ques-
tion whether we will take it up, and we will try
to see if we can get a vote upon it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Why can you not agree
to my proposition ?
Mr. WADE. The gentleman knows very
well why I do not want to agree to his propo-
sition.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Why?
Mr. WADE. I am very frank to tell him.
It is because I think I am better prepared to-
night than I shall be to-morrow to decide this
question. I want to be frank and plain about
it. I think that that is the ease. It is a sub-
ject of great importance. Two gentlemen
elected as Senators have been dancing attend-
ance upon Congress for nearly two sessions,
and we have kept thein off, with all that anx-
iety that always besets men under those cir-
cumstances. I really do not think we have
treated these gentlemen with that fairness that
we should havo exhibited toward them. Their
people are exceedingly anxious for admission
as a State into the Union, and here we are baf-
fling them in a way that no Territory ever has
been interrupted in its progress before to my
knowledge.
Mr. LANE. Let us take the vote on taking
it up.
ilr. WADE. Very well; let us have the
vote on taking it up.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no doubt that the
vote may bo taken to-morrow, and taken with-
out debate. The honorable member may have,
as he supposes, if he supposes correctly, a bet-
ter chance of accomplishing his object now;
but if he has, it is only because of the absence
of Senators who are sick and unable to be here
to-night, and who, when they left the Chamber,
had not the least idea that the bill would be
called up. Under those circumstances, I should
hope that the Senate would agree to postpone
the matter until some hour to-morrow, with the
understanding that then, without any discus-
sion, the vote shall be taken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to take up the bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I think
the proposition which has been made at this
time of night, that to-morrow at half past twelve
o'clock, without debate on the part of those
who are opposed to the passage of the bill, we
come to a vote, is a proposition which has never
before been declined in the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, never. It is a proposition which it
seems to me it would be impossible for the
majority, or those who control the majority
here, to decline. It is known that we have been
in session day and night, and even Sundays,
for the purpose of finishing the business of the
Senate. Now, here at half past eleven o'clock
—almost midnight—right in the midst of the
business of the Senate upon an important rev-
enue measure, which every one supposed was
the business of the evening and that nothing
else was to come up, to have pressed upon us
by surprise a motion to postpone a bill like
this, and take up Colorado for a vote to-night,
is beyond anything that I could ever have anti-
cipated. Sir, we are not without being observed.
The world stands looking on. The people of
the United States know what is transpiring in
this body; and there are peculiar reasons which
connect themselves with the Senator from Ohio,
which will draw some attention to him, and to
the course he is pursuing on this occasion. We
all know, time and again, that Senator, in press-
ing this matter of Colorado, has said over and
over that his purpose was to reenforce a ma-
j ority in this body, already more than two thirds.
And for what, sir?
Mr. WADE. If the Senator will permit
me 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly, I yield to
the Senator.
Mr. WADE. It is said that this is very
unusual on my part. Why, sir, I have been
up here more than one night, nay, two nights
in succession, and the following Sunday, in
order to press a question much less meritorious
than this. That is not a new thing; but it is
a new thing to resist the admission of a State
in this way. It never has been done before.
Gentlemen resort to unusual means to prevent
the wishes of the people of this State or Ter-
ritory being carried out, but nevertheless
many of my friends here do not agree with me;
they think the proposition made on the other
side is a reasonable one 
Mr. LANE. Take up your bill first.
Mr. WADE. I should like to take up the
bill to-night. I do not know, however, that
that would make any difference, because it
would be superseded by something else.
Mr. JOHNSON. That makes no difference.
Mr. SHERMAN and Mr. LANE. You had
better take it up.
Mr. WADE. I do not like the hour that is
suggested very well. I suppose Senators on
the other side do not care anything about the
hour. I do not think the hour mentioned is
the best.
Mr. JOHNSON. What hour would you
prefer?
Mr. WADE. I should prefer one o'clock
rather than half past twelve.
ilr. JOHNSON. There is no objection to
that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no objection to
fixing that hour. The only reason I suggested
half past twelve was because I thought the
Senator from Maine would want to go on with
the tax bill at one o'clock.
Mr. WADE. Say one o'clock. If it is
understood that it shall be taken up then and
a vote be had without debate, I will agree to it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I yielded to the Senator
from Ohio to allow him to make an explana-
tion. If the proposition is accepted, so far as
I am concerned, I do not know that I desire
to go any further; though I was remarking in
relation to the course of the Senator from
Ohio that there are peculiar reasons why not
I only the members of the Senate, but the whole
country have their eyes upon him in relation
"to this question of Colorado. But, sir, as the
proposition is accepted I have nothing further
to say. I shall take some other occasion, per-
I haps, to speak upon it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to address
the Senate on this subject 
: Mr. HENDERSON. What subject?
Mr. BUCKALEW. The subject of the ad-
mission of Colorado as a State.
Mr. WILSON. It is not up now ; the motion
is withdrawn.
, Mr. WADE. I renew the motion if there is
: no agreement about it.
! Mr. BUCKALEW. I do not give way to the
Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania has the floor.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I had uttered one sen-
tence when the Senator from Ohio arose. I
said I should like to address the Senate on this
subject; and if the Senator from Ohio had
insisted upon his motion, and had been suc-
cessful, I should have taken the privilege of
speaking, endeavoring to condense my remarks
within the reasonable limit of a couple of hours,
not to waste time, but because the subject ad-
mits of legitimate debate. It is only in conse-
quence of the general desire of other members
that this subject should go over until to-mor-
row, and that it should then be voted on with-
out debate, that I waive my privilege, or expect
to waive my privilege of speaking.
I believe that the greatest subject that can
possibly be considered by the American Con-
gress is legitimate to the discussion of this bill.
1 do not mean the question whether .a State,
under the circumstances in which Colorado
presents herself, shall be admitted or not; the
circumstances attending the formation of her
constitution, irregular and without authority of
law, as it was; nor whether it is proper to
admit that State, notwithstanding the objec-
tions of the President of the United States, as
stated in his veto message. But, sir, it is a
deep-rooted conviction of my mind that polit-
ical power in this country is unfairly and inju-
riously lodged, and that without some funda-
mental amendment it is impossible that our
system of republican government should go on
permanently. My great objection to the intro-
duction of Colorado and of Nebraska into the
Union as States has been that that existing
inequality and injustice are thereby increased.
I am not going into a debate upon this great
subject which I have suggested; but I desire to
say that it is with extreme reluctance that I
shall yield my strong desire of traversing this
field of debate, which has not been entered
upon in the former discussions upon the ad-
missions of these States, and which, in my
opinion, constitutes a field of investigation
more important, even at this time when other
great questions are pressed upon our attention,
than any other one possibly can be.
Sir, after the 4th of March next, one million
