1246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 14, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Kev. 0. B. Bomtok.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
post office appropriations.
KASSON, from the Committee on Ap-
•propriations, by unanimous consent, reported
back the amendment of the Senate to House
bill No. 918, making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868, with a
recommendation that the House concur in the
amendment of the Senate.
The amendment of the Senate was as fol-
lows :
Add to the bill the following:
And be it further enacted, That the Socretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized to transfer two clerks
from the third class to class four in the office of tho
Auditor of the Treasury at the Post Office Depart-
ment; and a sum sufficient to pay the increased com-
pensation required b? said transfer for the remainder
of the current yoar and the fiscal year ending June
<S0,1868, is hereby appropriated out of any money in
the treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The amendment^ the Senate was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senate was
agreed to; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The lattes motion was agreed to.
thomas j. fkazier.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for tho relief of Tbomas J.
Frazier; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
tenure of office.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous eonscnt
to take from the Speaker's table Senate bill No.
433, regulating thete.nure of certain civil offices.
Lhc House made certain amendments to that
bill, the efi'ect of which is to require that Cab-
inet officers shall .not be removed from office
oxo®Pt' by andi with the advice and consent of
tho Senate. The Senate have disagreed to those
amendments. I now ask that the bill be taken
up_ for the purpose of submitting a motion to
bring the matter to an issue. I movo that the
House insist upon its amendments, and ask a
committee of conference on tho disagreeing
votes of the two Houses.
No objection being made, it was ordered
accordingly.
larceny 01? government property.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of'Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent to take from the Speaker's table
an amendment of the Senate to House bill No
004, to define and punish certain crimes. I
desire to move that the House disagree to the
amendment of the Senate, and.ask a committee
ol conlcrence.
Mr. LE BLOND. I object to the bill being
taken up out of its regular order.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I hope my
colleague will not insist upon his objection, at
least until I have an opportunity to explain the
object of the bill.
Mr. LE BLOND. I will hear what the gen-
object1 S Sa^' an<^ rosorvo my r'ght to
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. This bill is
simp y one to define and punish the robbery
tn LSS ?"ited Stat6s securities, and
to punish the malicious obstruction of anyrail-
confcaining mail mat-
men t- Th |reig bel°nging to the Govern-
ed L „h- *e-nai has madNe an amendment,
mltTndtvel coStoe^ " ^ amend"
ap££3L0ND' 18 the bai genoral in its
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. It is
tonopa,
nient of the Senate be read.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
That if any person shall rob another, lawfully in
the custody thereof, of any kind or description of
personal property belonging to the United States, or
shall folomously take and carry away the same, the
person so offending shall on conviction be punished
by fine not exceeding $5,000, or by imprisonment at
hard labor not less than one nor more than ten years,
or by both, at the discretion of the court.
Mr. LE BLOND. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move that
the House disagree to the amendment of the
Senate, and ask for a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
importation of wines.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following preamble and resolu-
tion ; which were read, considered, and agreed
to:
Whereas it is reported that the American consul at
Cadiz. Spain, has improperly refused to certify cer-
tain invoices of wine shipped to the United States,
and has thereby caused much needless inconvenience
to importers; and whereas it is reported that some
correspondence has taken place between tho Spanish
Government and tho Government ofthe United States
in relation thereto: Therefore,
Besohed, That tho President of the United States
be requested, if not incompatible with the public
interest, to transmit to this House all papers, docu-
ments, and correspondence relating to tho importa-
tion of wines from Cadiz, Spain, or having reference
in any manner to the action of the American consul at
Cadiz, in refusing to certify inVoices of wines shipped
from that port.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the preamble and resolution
were agreed to; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mail service—california and oregon.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask that by unani-
mous consent Senate resolution No. 157, in
relation to mail service between San Francisco,
in California, and Portland, in Oregon, be
taken from the Speaker's table for considera-
tion at tho present time. The bill has been
examined by the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and the chairman of that com-
mittee has authorised me to ask for its passage.
Mr. BID WELL. I hope the proposition of
the gentleman from Oregon will be agreed to.
This bill can be passed in a few moments, and
its passage is very important.
There being no objection, the House pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion; which was read a first and second time.
! he (juestion being upon ordering the joint
resolution to a third reading, it was read at
length. It proposes to authorize tho Postmas-
ter General to employ ocean mail service be-
tween San Francisco, California, and Portland,
Oregon, not less than three times per month,
in continuation of the service from New York
via Panama to San Francisco ; provided the
cost of the service shall not exceed $25,000
per annum; and it is made the duty of the
Postmaster General to advertise for bids for
the performance of this service for at least thirty
days m at least one newspaper published at
ban I<rancisco, and one at Portland, Oregon,
and to contract with the lowest responsible
bidder#
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
rc^mSi read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BID WELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
anthony and eubank.
Mr. HISE. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution relating to a
subject which, with certain papers that I hold
in my hand, I desire to have referred to the
Committee of Claims:
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be. and
™im?/by, instructed to inquire into the justice and
I? i? I of the claims of William Anthony and Car-
Id\.a fi,rm Wlt.h the name and style of An-
tiSj cu ? 5 ' against the Government of the
united fatates for taking possession of their pork-
TwLfltnatoJ «i the c<ran<y of Sumner, State of
xenuessee, on the Cumberland river, and its appurte-
nance, and appropriating the same for the use and
benefit of the military forces of the United States,
occupying as a military post the town of Gallatin, in
said State, and that they report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object.
The SPEAKER. The papers of the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Hise] in relation to
this claim can be presented under the rule.
Mr. HISE. Very well; I will do that.
charles 0. rowohl.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, by unanimous
consent, reported from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions a joint resolution for the relief
of the mother of Charles 0. Rowohl; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the joint res-
olution to be engrossed and read the third
time.
_ The joint resolution was read at length. It
directs the Secretary of the Interior to pay to
the^mother of Charles 0. Rowohl, deceased,
late of company I, eighth regiment Kansas
volunteers, eight dollars per month from the
date of the death of her son to the time when
she first received a pension under the general
pension law.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
public buildings in new mexico.
Mr. CHAVES, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following memorial of the Legisla-
ture of the Territory of New Mexico, praying
an appropriation by Congress for the comple-
tion ot the capitol and penitentiary in that Ter-
ritory; which was referred to the Committee
on the Territories, and ordered to be printed:
To the honorable the Senate and Souse of Jieprcsenin-
tives of the Long reus of the United States: '
«.Tmur memorialists, the Legislative Assembly of
the lemtory of New Mexico, very respectfully rep-
resent that the last Legislative Assembly of" this Ter-
ritory unanimously addressed memorial to your
honorable bodies, in regard to an appropriation being
made to complete thccapitol and penitentiary, which
buildings have been commenced in Santa New-
Mexico, but not completed. We do now sincerely
indorse said memorial, and pray your honorable
bodies to make the necessary appropriation to com-
plete said buildings, which if not finished at an early
, X materials and work already done on said
P?1 j *M s soon go to ruin. Criminals go unpun-
ished for the reason that the criminal laws cannot
be executed; and public peace and security cannot
be secured without a penitentiary.
The Federal officers of the Government, as also the
Legislative Assembly, are not able to procure suitable
rooms lor their officers, and the last for their meetings
without paying an exorbitant rent therefor, which in
a lew years wul amount to a greater sum than that
required for the completion of the capitol buildings.
Your memorialists further represent that the hon-
oi able Secretary the Territory and superintendent
ot public buildings have made an estimate of $9,500
101 the repair of the Palace building belonging to
the Government, which estimate has been forwarded
to the honorable Secretary of the Treasury and the
infill 4. This building is one
ol the oldest m the United States, and with the sum
required it could be put in a good state of repair,
and thereby save considerable rents which are now
paia, and which would increase the value of the *
building much more than the sum asked for to re-
pair it.
Your memorialists pray the favorable considera-
tion of your honorable bodies in this matter; and, as
m duty bound, will ever pray.
RESOLUTION.
Resolved by the Council of the Legislative Assembly,
Sn&exi?us<Lof Representatives concurring therein,)
ihat the honorable Secretary of the Territory be
ma is hereby, required to forward certified copies of
the memorials adopted by the last Legislature to-his
Excellency the President of the United States, to
the honorable Secretary ofthe Treasury, to tho Pres-
ident of the Senate and to the Speaker of tho IIou^
of Representatives of the Congress of tho United
torim ofthfi V ?}rmeni°nthe Committees on Terri-
ind to Hon T p\te and H%ase of Representatives,
Congress: Fkancisco Cuayks, our Delegate in
MIGUEL E. PINO,
T> „ l'r(J;V^<:nL of the Council.
e , STEPHENS,
fypeakev of the House of liepresentatives.
Approved, January 18,1867:
W. F. M. ARNT,
Acting Governor.
