1867,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
488
ninety-ninth regiment New York volunteers,
praying for relief for the officers of said com-
pany who were on board of the United States
frigate Congress when that vessel was attacked
and destroyed by the rebel ram Merrimac, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill, (S. No.
508,) for the relief of the officers of company D
of the ninety-ninth regiment New York volun-
teers. The bill was read and passed to a sec-
ond reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District oft Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 492) to protect the rights of
married women, and for other purposes, in
the District of Columbia, reported it with an
amendment.
COOLIE TRADE.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations have directed me to report a resolu-
tion in reference to the coolie trade ; and in
making this report I desire to say that the
committee considered the question whether
the resolution should be a' joint resolution,
which of course would require the action of
both bodies and the signature of the Presi-
dent, or a concurrent resolutioa, which of
course would require the action of the two
bodies in harmony, or whether it would be
enough to be simply a resolution of this body.
While the subject was under consideration a
similar resolution was introduced into the other
House and there passed. It seemed, there-
fore, that the committee would do their duty
if they reported the resolution simply as a Sen-
ate resolution, and ask the immediate action
of this body upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts asks the present con-
sideration of the resolution now reported by
him from the Committee on Foreign Relations.
It requires the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to consider the report on the day it is made.
No objection being made, the resolution is
before the Senate, and will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Whereas the traffic in laborers transported from
China, and other eastern countries, known as the
coolie trade, is odious to the people of the United
States as inhuman and immoral; and whereas it is
abhorrent to the spirit of modern international law
and policy, which have substantially cx' irpated the
African slave trade, to permit the estabi ishment in its
place of a mode of enslaving men dilferent from'the
former in little else than the employment of fraud
instead of force to make its victims captive: There-
fore,
Be it resolved. That it is the duty of this Govern-
ment to give effect to the moral sentiment of the
nation through all its agencies for the purpose of
preventing the further introduction of coolies into
this hemisphere or the adjacent islands.
,Mr. SUMNER. I will read a very brief let-
ter which has been put into my hands, dated
"Hong Kong, November 14, 1866." It will
be seen that it is a very late letter for one
coming so far. It is as follows:
"Hard times are upon the Chinese and the coolie
trade flourishes. Twenty-two vessels were loading
at one time at Maeao. The negro slavo trade was
never half as bad as this traffic, which will ruin regular
migration of the Chinese. It is time a stop had been I
put to this business. So much rascality is done in it
that the Chinese suspect every offer of going abroad."
The resolution was adopted.
SAFE DEPOSIT COMPANY.
Mr. MORRILL. The Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom were referred
the amendments of the House of Representa-
tives to the bill (S. No. 177) to incorporate
the National Safe Deposit Company of Wash-
ington. have instructed me to report them
back to the Senate with a recommendation
that the Senate concur in the amendments of
the House; and I ask for their present con-
sideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendments of the
House to the bill. The amendments were
read, as follows:
In section five, line three, page 2, after the word
"on "insert the word "special."
In sBotion five, page 2, line fifteen, strike out the
words " such deposit and " and insert in lieu thereof
the word "the.
In section five, p«t* 2, line ftighteen, strike out the
words ' fnnds of" and insert in lieu thereof the
words "funds belonging to."
In section five, page 3, lines nineteen and twenty,
strike outthewords "or such money or fundsasmay
be deposited with said company for that purpose."
At the end of the bill add the following:
"Nor be deemed to authorize the said corporation
to pay interest on deposit of money, securities, or any
other property deposited with it; and the operations
of this corporation shall be confined to the District
of Columbia."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thequestion
is, Will the Senate concur in these amendments
made by the House of Representatives to the
bill? The Chair will take the the question on
the amendments collectively, unless some Sen-
ator asks for a separate vote on each amend-
ment.
The amendments were concurred in.
BALTIMORE AND OHIO KAILKOAB,
Mr. MORRILL. The same committee, to
whom was referred a resolution of the Senate
instructing them to inquire into the trans-
actions of the city council in granting certain
rights and privileges to the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company in introducing its road into
this District, have instructed me to report in
part a bill which I have the honor now to pre-
sent; and I ask for its present consideration.
The bill (S. No. 507) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to authorize the extension, con-
struction, and use by the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad.Company of a railroad from and be-
tween Knoxville and the Monocacy Junction
into and within the District of Columbia/'
approved July 25, 1866, was read a first time
by its title, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. JOHNSON. - I ask that the bill may
be read at large.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maine in reporting this bill from the
Committee on the District of Columbia asks
for its present consideration. It requires the
unanimous consent of the Senate to consider
the bill the day it is reported. Is there any
objection ?
Mr. GRIMES. We can hear it read before
we decide that question, I suppose. I should
like to hear it read at length.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read for information.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows:
Be it enacted, &c., That instead of the rightgranted
to said Balimore and Ohio Railroad Company by the
act approved July 25,1866, to extend their said road
"into and within the District of Columbia to such
point or points, terminus ortermini, as maybe agreed
upon between said company and the corporation of
Washington, in respect to a road within the limits
of Washington, and between the said company and
the corporation of Georgetown, as respects a road
within the limits of Georgetown," said Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company are hereby authorized to ex-
tend their said road into and within the limits of the
District of Columbia on such line and to such place j
or places as upon actual survey and plan of the I
same may be authorized by Congress, and not other-
wise.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with this act are hereby
repealed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the pres-
ent consideration of this bill objected to? No
objection being made, the bill is before the
Senate for consideration.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose the effect of
the bill is to take from the corporate authori-
ties of Washington the right to control the
road in the manner in which it is to come into
the city, or whether it is to come in or not. I
do not object to that. I think it perfectly
right. The whole country is interested in the
road which the company propose to make and
are now, I believe, engaged in making. They
are making a road from the Point of Rocks,
the point of intersection with the main stem
of their road that runs to Wheeling, and they
propose to strike the District outnere to the
west somewherg. But I do not know how long
Congress may sit. If Congress adjourns about
the 1st of March, or the 1st of April, or the
1st of May, there will be nobody to pass upon
the plans which the company may have for
coming into the city, and it may obstruct the
completion of the road for some six or seven
months. I suggest therefore to my friend from
Main# that perhap* it would bit PR well ta
amend the bill so as to leave the location of
the road to the approval of the Secretary of
War, or the President and Secretary of War,
instead of Congress. Congress is rather an
unwieldly body to pass upon a question of that
description. I think perhaps the bill had bet-
ter lie on the table for the present; and if my
friend from Maine has no objection, I will
move that it be laid upon the table and printed.
Mr. MORRILL. I want to make a state-
ment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will not make the motion
now as the Senator from Maine wishes to say
something.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, the Senate
sent to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia the other day a resolution instructing
us to inquire into an arrangement supposed te
be in the process of execution between this
company and the corporation of Washington
by which the corporation of Washington wers
to secure certain interests or rights, and were
also to give to this company certain rights not
contemplated by the act which authorized tin
extension of their road into this city. Upou
an examination in part, the committee camf
to the conclusion that there is an attempt t®
couple other transactions with the powers the*
were authorized to exercise in regard to th'f
extension of this road, which are not perhap-
quite justified by the former act on this sub
ject. We find that a committee of the council;-
of this city have an act before them authoriz
ing this company to extend its road into thk
city hnd to a. point on First street, in connec
tion with the'depot of the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company, as now established; bu'
this is to be done upon the condition that thaV
road shall maintain its present location unti
1910, a matter certainly over which it is diffi
cult to conceive that the city of Washington
would have any right or ought to have an*
desire to control, and which I can hardly con
ceive that the Congress of the United State-
would be willing they should exercise.
By the act of 1866 it was enacted that th"
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company migfc
extend their road into the city in such manne.-
and to such place as should be agreed on wit?
the corporate authorities of Washington an '
Georgetown. We ar« not aware that anythir..
has been done on- the subject, and so believt-
the whole matter is within the power of Cor
gress at the present moment. I say for myse'
it is a matter entirely inadvertent, so far as 1
am concerned, that this company was autho~-
ized to exercise any such power as this, b:
cause we have not given it to any other coc.
any. The bill that was reported the oth<,
ay authorizing the proposed Baltimore ar,t
Potomac Railroad Company to extend the^-
road into this District was upon the precit*
terms and conditions contemplated by this bilj ;
and the simple question is, whether it is a props :'
thing for the Congress of the United States, i.;
whom is exclusive legislative jurisdiction o*'
this District, to part with that jurisdiction to a
corporation; whether we shall allow a railrosd
coming from the West to enter this District si
such place and in such manner and to maka
its depot in such place or places as shall b-;
indicated by the city corporation, or whether
we shall keep this power within ourselves? To
the mind of the committee it is most obvious
that the propriety of the thing is that the Con-
gress of the United States should allow rail-
roads to come into this city, and so near
within three squares of this Capitol, only in
such manner and to such plaee as should ba
authorized bv Congress itself, having before it
the maps and surveys upon which the company
contemplate action.
Now, in reply to the suggestion of my ho®-,
orable friend from Marylandi that Congress is
a clumsy body, I can hardly see the fores of
that, because Congress acts by its committees,
and it is an every-day occurrence that upon
the smallest matters, even the location of a
street, we are consulted. No street in this city
can be changed even without the consent of
Congress. W  <io not praport to waive-$«sa
