1248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
an indefinite period, the southern States lately
engaged in'rebellion, and that without regard
to their present disposition to obey in good
faith the Constitution and laws of the United
States.
Mr. BLAINE. I hope the gentleman jvill
excuse me for interrupting. I know that I am
obstructing the vital "business of the session,
and if he has anything to 'say on the bill itself
I will yield to bim willingly; but I cannotyield
to allow him to go into a political argument on
a side issue; I do not think that I am justified
in doing so. , , .,
Mr. BOYER. I do not regard it as a side
issue. , , ,
Mr. BLAINE. Well, I must be the judge
of that in this case; and I now insist upon the
previous question upon the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The effect of the motion
to lay on the table the motion to reconsider
will be to leave the bill before the committee.
Mr. BOYER. Do I understand the gentle-
man to refuse to yield to me as a member of
the committee?
Mr. BLAINE. I will yield to the gentle-
man to make remarks upon the bill, but not
to make a political harangue upon a subject
which has no connection whatever with the bill.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order
upon the motion to lay the motion to recon;
sider on the table.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I rise
to a question of order. I desire to^know
whether a motion to lay the bill on the table
would be in order?
The SPEAKER. It would not; because
the biil is now before the select Committee on
the War Debts of Loyal States, and is not yet
before the House. If the motion to reconsider
prevails, the bill will then be before the House.
The question was upon the nation of Mr.
Vinson, of Iowa, to lay on the table the
motion to reconsider, and being taken, upon a
division there were—ayes 50, noes 61.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BLAINE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Blaim and
Mr. Botkh were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 54, noes 58.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, and Mr. EARNS-
WORTH called for the yeas and nays on the
motion to lay on the tablo the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would suggest that the
better way would be to agree to the motion to
^reconsider the vote by which''the bill was
recommitted. Then when the bill shall b 
again before the House it can be referred to a
standing committee of the House.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. 1 think we better
try it iu this way.
The question was upon ordering the yeas and
nays ; and being taken, there were, upon a
division—ayes thirteen.
Before the noes were counted,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, called for tellers on
ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. WrLSON, of
Iowa, and Mr. Furry were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported lliat there were—ayes twenty-four,
noes not counted.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of the last
vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
1 he question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 72, nays 75, not voting
43 ; as follows:
„.X'j3AS-Messrs. Allison Arnell, Baker, Beaman,
BidweU.BoyenBramvveU.Baiidy.Camptwll.Chaiiler,
Cobb, Cook, Cooper, Cullom, Davis, Defrees, Del-
ano, Dodge, Dumont Eckley, Elaridfce, larnsworth,
i mck, Garfield. Glossbrenner. Aaron Harding, Abner
C. Harding, Hawkins, Ilise, Hogan, Holmes, Demas
Hubbard, HuJburd, Ingcrsoll, Julian, Kasson, Kerr,
Latham, George V. Lawrence. William Lawrence,
LeBIond, Leftwieh, Lon^year, McCullough, MoRuer,
Moorhead, Moulton, ISfiblaek, Noell, O'Neill, Orth,
Phelps, Samuel J. Randall, Rogers, Ross, Scofield,
Shanklin, Shellabarger, Sloan, Spalding, Strousc,
Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylo^ Thayer, graneis Thomas,
Thornton, Upson, Andrew H. W ard ,WiU am B. Wash-
burn. Wentworth, Williams, and James F. Wilson—/A
NAYS—-Messrs. Alley, Anoona, Anderson, Baxter,
Benjamin, Bergen, Bingham. Blaine, Blow, Broom-
all, Buekland, Reader W. Clarke, Bailing, Dawes,
Dawson, Deming, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eggte:
ston,' Iarquhar, Jerry, Gobdyear, Grmnell, Hart,
Hayes, Higby, Hill, Cheister D. Hubbard, John II.
Hubbard. Edwin N. Hubbell, James R. Hubbell,
Humphrey, Jenckes, Kelley, Kelso,'Ketcham, Koontz,
Kuykendall, Laflin, Lynch, Marston, Marvin, May-
nard, McClurg, -Mclndoe, McKee, -Mereur, Miller,
Morris, Myers, Nicholson, Paine, Perham, Pike,
Plants, Price, William H. Randall, John H. Race,
Rollins, Sawyer, Schenek, Sitgreaves, Stari\ Stokes,
Nelson Taylor, Trowbridge, Van Aernam, I'Urt Van
Horn, Hamiltoti Ward, Wclker, Whaley, Stephen J?.
Wilson, Winfield, and Woodbridge— /5.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
James M.Ashley, Baldwin, Banks. Barker, Boutwell,
Brandegae, Sidney Clarke, Conklmg, Culver, Deni-
son, Eliot,Griswold. Hale, Harris, Henderson, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Hunter, Jones, Loan,
Marshall, Morrill, Newell, Patterson, Pomeroy, Rad-
ford, Raymond, Alexander H.Rice,Ritter, Rousseau,
StevensfStilwell, John L. Thomas, Trimble, Robert
T, Van Horn, Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry
D. Washburn, Windom, and Wright—43.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Blaine to reconsider the vote by which
the House recommitted the bill to the select
Committee upon War Debts of the Loyal
States.
Mr. BLAINE. I call the previous question.
The question was taken upon seconding the
call for the previous question; and upon a
division there weife—ayes 58, noes 50.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, called
for tellers.
Tellers wore ordered; and Mr. Randall, of
Pennsylvania,and Mr.SoHENCKwereappointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 65, noes 56.
So the previous question was seconded.  
The main question was ordered; and under
the operation thereof the motion to reconsider
was agreed to.
The bill recurred upon the motion to recom-
mit the bill to the select Committee on the
War Debts of the Loyal States.
Sr. BLAINE. As I have already stated,
all I desire is to get a test vote on this ques-
tion. 1 therefore withdraw the motion to re-
commit and call the previous question on the
question of ordering the bill to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the bill be laid on the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to inquire
of the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine]
whether the Government of the United States
has not already paid to several States all the
claims of this sort properly chargeable to the
Government?
Mr. BLAINE. That is debasing the general
issue, which I do not propose to go into now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is a fact.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Speaker, is debate in
order?
The SPEAKER. It is not, exccpt by gen-
eral conscnt, as there are two undebatable
questions ponding—the demand for the pre-
vious question and the motion to lay the bill
on the table.
Mr. BLAINE. I insist on the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I call
for the yeas and nays on the motion to lay
on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas G2, nays 87, not voting
41; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Aneona, Delos R. Ashley, Baker,
Beaman, Bidwell, Boyer, Bromwcll, Campbell, Chan-
ler. Cook, Cooler, Davis, Dawson, Defrees, Delano,
Denison, Dodge, Ecldoy, Eldridge, IFarnsworth,
Finek, Garfield, Glossbrenner, Aaron Harding,
Abner C. Harding, I-Iawkins, Ilise, Hogan, Holmes,
John II. Hubbard. Jaraos R. Hubbell, Hulburd,
Julian, Kasson, Kerr, Latham, George V. Law-
rence, Le Blond. Leftwich, Longyoav, Marshall,
McCallough, MeRuer, Moulton, Niblack, Noell,
Orth, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter, Ross, Shanklin,
Spalding, Tabor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thayer,
Thornton, Upson, Andrew H. Ward, William B.
Washburn, Wentworth, Williams, and James F.
■yyitson-—02,
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Anderson,_ Arnell,
Baldwin, Baxter, Benjamin, Bergen, Bingham,
Blaine, Boutwell, Broomall, Buekland. Reader W.
'Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cullom, Darling,
Dawes, Deming, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont,
Eggleston, Eliot, Farquhar, Ferry, (joodyear, Hart,
Hayes, Htgby, Chester D. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hub-
bell Humphrey, Ingersoll, Kelley, Kelso, Ketcham,
Koontz, Sykendall. Laflin, William Lawrence,
Loan, Lynch, Marstori, Marvin, Maynard. McClurg,
Mclndoe, McKee, Mereur, Miller, Morris, Myers,
O'Neill. Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Plants,
Price, William H. Randall, John H. Rice, Rollins,
Rousseau, Sawyer, Schenek, Scofield, Shellabarger,
Sitgreaves, Sloan, Starr, Stokes, Strouse, Nelson
Taylor, Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Welker.
Whaley, Stephen Wilson, Windom, Winfield, and
Woodbridge—87. -
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, James M. Ashley,
Banks, Barker, Blow, Brandegee, Bundy, Conkling,
Culver, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Harris, Henderson,
Hill, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas
Hubbard, Hunter, Jenckes, Jones, Moorhead, Mor-
rill, Newell, Nicholson, Phelps, Pomeroy, Radford,
Rasjnond, Alexander H. Rice, Rogers, Stevens, Stil-
welk Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trimble, •
Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn,
and Wright—41.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The question recurred on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question on ordering the
bill to be engrossed and read the third time.
On the question, there were-—ayes 48, noes
46.
Mr.-SPALDING called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Spalding
and Cullom were appointed.
The House divided.; and the tellers reported
—ayes 49, noes 63.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means ;
-and on that motion I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question-ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof, the motion was agreed to; there
being—ayes 81, noes 47.
Mr. THAYER. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, bills
and a joint "resolution of the House of the fol-
lowing titles:
A bill (II. R. No. 1128) to authorize the pay-
ment of prize money to certain officers and
enlisted inen of the signal corps of the Army;
A bill (H. R. No. 1141) to authorize the pur-
chase of certain lots of ground adjoining the
Alleghany arsenal, at Pittsburg, Pennsylvania;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 263) for the
purchase of David's Island, New York harbor.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, with amendments in which
the concurrence of the House was requested,
bills of the House of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 431) providing for the
punishment of certain crimes therein named
in the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses ;
A bill (H. R. No. 571) to regulate proceed-
ings before justices of the peace in the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 907) to amend the law of
tl^ District of Columbia in relation to judicial
proceedings therein.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills and a joint resolution •
of the following titles, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested:
A bill (S. No. 128) authorizing limited part-
nerships in the District, of Columbia ;
A bill (8. No. 492) to protect the rights of
married women, and for other purposes, in the
District of Columbia ; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 172) for the tem-
porary-relief of the destitute colored population
in the District of Columbia.
The message further announced that the
