484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
right. Upon "a matter of so grave consider-
ation _ as the location of a railway into this
District^ crossing streets and avenues, and
necessarily affecting the use of those streets
and, avenues, I suggest whether it is not vastly
important that Congress should retain its power
and should not delegate it to any parties what-
ever 1
It will be seen that it is quite necessary that
this action should be taken early, because the
bill must go to the House of Representatives,
and in the mean time I hardly know what may
be done. I should hope, therefore, if the bill/1
is not to receive the present action of the
Senate, which I very much hope it will, it will
receive its attention at an early day.
:Mr. JOHNSON. I withdrew the motion to
enable my friend from Maine to make the
explanation which he has made in relation to
the bill. I renew the motion that it lie on the
table.
Mr. GRIMES. And be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
printed under the rule, being reported from a
committee.
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
introduction of bills.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
509) to amend certain acts in relation to the
Navy; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 157) in relation to ocean
mail service between San Francisco, in Cali-
fornia, and Portland, in Oregon; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. NESMITH, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Susan Coody and
others, Cherokees, praying indemnity for property
destroyed by some of the United States soldiers near
Fort Gibson, in the year 1845, be withdrawn from the
files of the Senate and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
message from the house.
A message from the House'of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill _(S. No.
462) to admit the State of Colorado into the
Union, with an amendment, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
admission of nebraska.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 450) for the
admission of the State of Nebraska into the
Union; which was to strike oat the third sec-
tion of the bill, in these words:
And be it further enacted, That this act shall take
effect with tho fundamental and perpetual condition
that within said State of Nebraska there shall be no
abridgment or denial of the exercise of the elective
franchise, or of any other right, to any person by
reason orrace orcolor, (exceptingIndiansnottaxed.)
And in lieu thereof to insert:
And be it further enacted. That this act shall not take
effect except upon the fundamental condition that
within theStateof Nebraska thereshall benoabridg-
ment or denial of the exercise of the eleetivefranchise
or of any other right to any person by reason of race
or color, excepting Indians not taxed; and upon the
further fundamental condition that the Legislature
of said State, by a solemn public act, shall declare the
assent of said State to the said fundamental condi-
tion, and shall transmit to the President of tho United
States an authentic copy of said act, upon receipt
whereof the President, by proclamation, shall forth-
with announce the fact, whereupon said fundamental
condition shall be held as part of tho organic law of
the State; and thereupon, and without any further
proceeding on the part of Congress, the admission of
said State into the Union-shall be considered as com-
plete. Said State Legislature shall be convened by
the territorial Gorernor within thirty days after the
passage of this act, to act upon the condition submit-
ted herein.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate con-
cur in the amendment of the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senate will
not concur in the amendment of the House.
Itis quite evident to my mind, and of course
that is as far as is necessary for my action,
either that Congress have the power in setting
up this Territory into a State to declare what
shall be the practical exercise of equal rights
there, or else it must be left to the people of
the Territory in their original capacity as a
people in the act of forming their constitution
to decide. There is no middle ground. We
might just as well, it appears to me, leave it
to the common council of the city of Wash-
ington to decide how that shall be in the Terri-
tory of Nebraska as to the Legislature, I mean
just as well upon legal grounds; and therefore
it is that, without going into a fresh debate on
the subject, but merely stating my reason for
my position, I hope the Senate will not concur
in the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I agree with my friend
from Vermont, that one of two propositions
must be true; and if either is true this amend-
ment ought not to be adopted, in the form in
which it is. Either Congress has the authority
to impose of itself without the consent of the
people of Nebraska such a condition as is now
in the bill, and which does not differ at all from
the one contained in the amendment proposed
by my friend from Vermont, or the power is
in the people of the State. The amendment
made by the House leaves it to the Legislature
of Nebraska to decide whether the constitution
which the people of the State have adopted
shall be changed in a very important particular.
If that is a proper mode of legislation, Congress
can change the constitution of the State in any
other particular without consulting the people
of Nebraska. For that, reason, therefore,
which is the same as that suggested by my
friend from Vermont, I shall be unable to
vote for a concurrence with the amendment of
the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nayron the question of concurrence.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not expect that
this bill would be called up this morning. I
intended to propose the amendment which was
submitted before by tke Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Brown,] not that I believe Congress ought
to impose any conditions upon the admission
of the State, but I do believe that if Congress
undertakes to change the constitution that the
people of a State have adopted, that proposed
change ought to be submitted to some author-
ity in the State that has control of the subject.
It is very clear to my mind that Congress can-
not change the constitution of a State; and I
think it is equally clear that the Legislature of
a State cannot change the constitution of the
State, whether in the act of admission or after-
ward. It is not a legislative act. In the ab-
sence of authority in the constitution itself for
the Legislature to .change it, how is it-possible
for the Legislature now to provide that negroes
may vote in the State of Nebraska when the
constitution of athat State as adopted by the
people expressly prohibits it? But I have not
the amendment prepared and therefore can-
not offer it. I think-that the measure ought to
be amended so as to refer the subject to the
people.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him how this differs from the case of the
admission of Missouri?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir ; I will state
how I understand it to differ, and it is but
repeating what I had occasion to say before
the holidays. The provision in the constitu-
tion of Missouri was that the Legislature should
have authority to pass laws prohibiting the
immigration of persons of color. The act of
Congress was simply undertaking to declare
by Congress that a construction should not be
given to that provision of the State constitu-
tion which should be in violation of the Con-
stitution of the United States. It was not
affirmative legislation on the part of Congress.
It was not an attempt on the part of Congress
to change the constitution of Missouri, but in
advance to declare by Congress that a con-
struetion should not be given to that article, or
any other article, in violation of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. Here is a question
over which the people of the State under the
Constitution ofthe United States have exclusive
control—the question of suffrage expressly
given to the people of the State by the Consti-
tution of the United States. They have exclu-
sive control of it, and in this constitution the
people of Nebraska have said that persons of
color shall not vote in that State. The Senate
said that by an act of Congress we could amend
that constitution so as to give the right of suf-
frage to everybody. The House of Repre-
sentatives disagrees with the Senate. The
House says that the Legislature of the State
must concur in that action. But what force
and validity does that give to the action of the
Senate? None; because it is not a legislative
act to change the constitution of the State
when the constitution does not provide for
a mode of amendment. Who can change the
constitution of Nebraska? Can Congress do
it? This amendment admits that Congress
cannot do it. Then can Congress and the
Legislature of the Territory or the Legislature
of the proposed State, change the constitution
of the State ? I think no Senator will say so.
The distinguished Senator from Vermont,
who claims the power for Congress on the
admission of a State to model its constitution
according to the pleasure of Congress, himself
says that the Legislature of the State has no
control over it; that that is nothing. This
constitution, if it has any force at all as a con-
stitution for a proposed State, has force because
it has received the sanction of the people.
Now, can any authority in Nebraska short of
the people change that constitution? I am
free to say that if the people of Nebraska
change this constitution so as to allow negroes
to vote I have no objection to it. I think it is
a question exclusively within their control. If
they let them vote I have no objection. If this
amendment of the House of Representatives be
so amended as to submit the question to the
people, and they decide- in favor of it, let it
go; but if they decide against it, what Senator
wants to change the constitution of Nebraska
against the will of tho people of the State? I
shall not offer the amendment, because I have
it not prepared. I make these suggestions on
the question. I cannot myself vote for any of
the conditions that are imposed upon the State.
Mr. MORRILL. It is difficult for me to see
the distinction which appears so plain to the
Senator from Indiana. In the case of Mis-
souri the constitution provided, as has been
stated by the Senator from Indiana, that the
Legislature should have power to exclude a
certain class of persons. That is substantially
the provision here. It is with the question of
exclusion in the constitution of Nebraska that
we are dealing. The cases were, both of them,
equally questions of exclusion. Now, how-
should they be dealt with? Congress under-
took in the Missouri case to provide by act of
Congress, which should be regarded as funda-
mental, that if Missouri came in as a State that
act of Congress should be binding upon her,
and being binding upon her should overrule
her constitutional provision. That was the
point.
Mr. HEN DRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him one question ?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Constitution of
the United States provides that the citizens of
each State shall have all the rights, privileges,
and immunities of citizens ofthe several States.
I believe that is the language very nearly.
Now, I ask the Senator from Maine whether
the provision of the constitution of Missouri
prohibiting persons of color from coming into
that State who might be citizens of other States,
in his judgment, was in conflict with this pro-
vision of the Constitution of the United States ?
If in conflict, was not that provision of the
constitution of Missouri void? And in that
view was it not proper for Congress expsessly
to disclaim an approval of that proposition, it
being deemed by Congress unconstitutional?
Is that case at all analogous to the one-Wore
