1924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
annual inspection into Indian affairs, and for
other purposes, disagreed to by the Senate and
insisted on by tho ifouse ; and.
On motion of Mr. DOOLl LTLE, it was
IieaoheH. That tho Senate insist upon it? disagree-
ment to the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives to tlio said bill, and agree to the eouferenco
n?ke>l by the Uou-^ 011 tho disagreeing votes of tho
two Houses thereon.
Or ieral, That the eonferee^on the part of tho Sen-
ate bo appointed by tile President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Doolittle, Mr. Pomeroy, and Mr. Cat-
tei.l.
compound-interest notes.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House (H. R. No. 1220)
to provide ways and means for the payment of
compound-interest notes, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives : and.
On motion by Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by tho House of
Representatives, and a*k a conterence on tho dis-
agreeing vofe* of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the confereeson the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Sherhax, Mr. Sprague, and Mr. John-
son-.
government of montana.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill of the Senate (S. No. 601) amendatory of
an act to provide a temporary government
for the Territory of Montana, approved May
26, 1804.
The amendment of the House was in section
three, line four, to strike out "$4,000" and to
insert " S3,500."
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate concur
in that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
donation of certain property to ohio.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment to the joint resolution of the House No.
206, granting certain public property to the
State of Ohio, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and upon which the House
asked for a committee of conference.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the joint reso-
lution and amendment lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
land districts in the territories.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House No. 74G, for the
organization of land districts in the Territories
of Arizona, Idaho, Utah, and Montana, disa-
greed to by the House of Representatives: and,
On motion of Mr. STlSWART, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist npon its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Stewart, Mr. Edmunds, and Mr. Patter-
son.
allotment of judges.
The Senateproceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 534) to provide for the allotment
of the members of the Supreme Court among
the circuits, and for the appointment of a mar-
shal for the Supreme Court, disagreed to by
the Senate and insisted upon by the House ;
and,
On motion by Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its disagree-
ment to the amendment of the House to the said
bill insisted upon by the House, and agree to the
conference asked by the House of Representatives
on the disagreeing: votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by tho President pro tempore
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Trumbull, Mr. Harris, and Mr. Hen-
dricks.
river and harbor bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its first
amendment to the bill (H. R. No. 1154) making
appropriations for the repair, preservation, and
completion of certain public works heretofore
commenced under authority of law, and for
other purposes, disagreed to by tho House.
Mr. RAMSEY. The House have agreed to
all our amendments except the first, and I
move that the Senate recede from that amend-
ment.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. What is it?
Mr. RAMSEY. A very small amendment
relating to Sandusky harbor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask that the amendment
to which the House does not agree be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was on page 8, line eleven, after the word
"Sandusky" to insert " harbor, bay, and."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the context be read
to show the application of the amendment.
The Secretary. The clause in the bill
reads, "for improvement of Sandusky river,
from Fremont to lake Erie, $20,000." The
amendment of the Senate is to insert after the
word "Sandusky" the words "harbor, bay,
and;" so that it will read : "for improvement
of Sandusky harbor, bay, and river from Fr6-
mont to lake Erie, $20,000."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate recede from this amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
internal revenue.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1101) to amend existing laws relating to
■ internal revenue.
Mr. WILSON. I have two or three amend-
ments that I desire to offer. I will offer one
and then move an adjournment, as I under-
stand the Senator from Maine is wearied out.
I send the amendment to the desk, which I ask
to have read.
The Secretary read as follows :
Insert after line four of section ten:
That section ono be amended by adding thereto
the following proviso: "Provided, That on and after
the 1st day of September, 1867, a tax of two cents per
pound only shall be levied, collected, and paid on
any cotton produced in the United States."
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
(at eleven o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 1, 1807.
Prayer by Rev. Rufcs Babcock, D. D., of
New York.
On motion of Mr. POLAND, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of yesterday's Journal
was dispensed with.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 13th of February, infor-
mation in relation to the amount of fees re-
ceived by the American consuls general, con-
suls, consular and commercial agents, and other
agents of the Treasury Department in Europe
during each of the four years next preceding
June 30, 1866, and the amount of money for
salaries, compensation, and expenses required
to maintain such officers; which was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
credentials.
Mr. POLAND presented the credentials of
Hon. Justin S. Morrill, elected a Senator by
the Legislature of the State of Vermont, for
the term of six years from the 4th day of March,
1807; which were read, and ordered to be filed.
naval appropriation bills.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1170) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending 30th June, 1808,
reported it with amendments.
suspension op joint rules.
Mr. FESSENDEN submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurr-
ing. > That the sixteenth and seventeenth joint rules
of the two Houses be suspended for tho residue of the
session.
The sixteenth and seventeenth joint rules
are:
"16. No bill that shall have passed one House shall
be sent to the other on either of the last three days
of the session.
"17. No bill or resolution that shall have passed the
House of Representatives and the Senate shall be
presented to tho President of tho United States for
his approbation on the last day of tho session."
duties on wool and woolens.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to discharge the
Committee on Finance from the further con-
, sideration of House bill No. 793, which is
entitled "A bill to provide increased revenue
from imported wool, and for other purposes."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill being now before
the Senate, I propose to offer an amendment to
it, striking out all after the enacting clause,
and inserting what I send to the desk. I will
i state that the bill itself is a bill which was
passed by the House of Representatives at the
last session, proposing to increase the duties
1 on wool and woolen goods to correspond with
, the House tariff bill on that subject. I propose
now, by direction of the Committee on Finance,
to amend it by striking out all after the enact-
ing clause and inserting the precise phraseology
adopted in the Senate bill on that subject. As
this question has already been gone over in
detail, and is fully understood, I think we can
act upon it aftd take the vote at once.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate now proceed to the considera-
tion of the bill from the consideration of which
the Committee on Finance has just been dis-
charged, and in connection with that subject
the Senator from Ohio offers an amendment to
the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
question is, Will the Senate now proceed to
consider the bill?
Mr. GRIMES. I inquire whether the Sen-
ator from Ohio proposes that we shall proceed
with the consideration of this bill without hav-
ing it printed or knowing anything about it?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is printed. The Sen-
ator has a printed bill on his files word for
word just what this is. We have not varied it.
Mr. GRIMES. Printed in what form ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Printed in the form in
which it came to us from the House, and
printed in the precise form which I now offer.
Mr. GRIMES. What I want to know is, in
what shape the Senator offers a substitute for
the House bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is printed precisely
as I offer it.
Mr. GRIMES. When was it printed ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It was printed the other
day. I offer precisely the wool part of the
tariff bill as we passed it some weeks ago. It
was printed by the House precisely as we sent
it to them. The Senator can send a page to
the document-room and get a copy of it.
Mr. GRIMES. I think it would be well
enough for us to be able to understand what
this thing is before we are called upon to act
ort it. I have not seen the bill which the Sen-
ator proposes as a substitute, and I do not know
anything about it. I had no idea that any such
proposition as this was going to be made.
Mr. SHERMAN. When the bill is taken
up I will explain it so that every Senator will
have no trouble in knowing all about it.
_Mr. GRIMES. I have no doubt the Senator
will explain it very satisfactorily to himself and
those who maybe in favor of the proposition,
and perhaps I may be in favor of it eventu-
ally; but I should like to see the proposition
before me so that I can judge for myself.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will tell the Senator
precisely the history of it, if it is in order for
me to do so now. The House of Represent-
atives at the last session sent us a general tariff
