1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M
sively given to the State by the Constitution
of the United States?
Mr. MORRILL. I did not misunderstand
the point taken by the honorable Senator from
Indiana before. I understood him before to
say as he now repeats himself. But it was not
the subject-matter ofthe Constitution with which
I was dealing; it was the method of reaching
it by Congress, and in both instances it is the
same. The Senate must remember that, in the
case of Missouri, Congress did not undertake
to nullify that provision of the constitution of
Missouri; but it proceeded apparently upon the
ground that it was at least doubtful whether she
might not do that thing, and provided in the
very terms of the act that the act of Congress
should be regarded as a fundamental condition
upon which she should be admitted, and being
fundamental should overrule her constitution.
In that case it was the validity of the act of Con-
gress which was relied upon to correct the irreg-
ularity in the constitution of Missouri. So here
precisely: we are to admit Nebraska; but there
being a feature in her constitution which is re-
garded as objectionable, the House of Repre-
sentatives have proceeded, in the very language
of the act in the case of Missouri, as I recollect
it, to say that it shall be done upon the funda-
mental condition that the objectionable provis-
ion in her constitution shall never be construed
to have the effect that is provided for in that,
constitution.
I submit to my friend from Indiana, waiving
the question of the subject-matter in the two
cases, that the method of proceeding is pre-
cisely parallel.
Mr. HENDERSON. We discussed the
question of the admission of Nebraska and
Colorado as States for I think three weeks in
the Senate, and I really believe there is but
little of a practical character in the entire discus-
sion. I presume, whether this amendment be
effective or not, we shall not enfranchise more
than four or five negroes in each of these pro-
posed States l^y virtue of this doctrine. I be-
lieve there are very few negroes in Nebraska,
and perhaps the amendment, if effective for
the purpose, will not enfranchise more than
four or five. But really, if wc admit the State
upon any terms whatever, I believe that, in
the course of a very short time at least, the
right to vote will be conceded to the colored
population there. I have very little doubt
that that will be the result, whatever action
we take here.
After the former discussion the Senate
adopted the amendment offered by the Senator
from Vermont; which I really thought would
avail nothing to secure the object intended,
and yet I did not s'ee fit to vote against the
proposition to admit the State, because that
amendment had been adopted. I saw that it
could at any rate do no harm ; and if the courts
should decide that it was a valid condition, and
effectuated the object, the result would be to
accomplish an object I desired; and therefore
I voted for the bill with that amendment at-
tached to it. It went to the House of Repre-
sentatives ; and the House, in order to make it
effective, propose to require that the condition
shall be submitted to the State Legislature and
approved by them. Now, I feel as I did origin-
ally in regard to the amendment offered here.
If the Legislature adopt it it amounts to noth-
ing. I do not feel that it will be obligatory
upon the State: but at the same time I am will-
ing to vote for the admission of Nebraska with-
out any such amendment at all; becausc, in
the first place, as I have said, it does not in my
honest opinion affect five voters in Nebraska,
and it will never affect more than a few, and in
the second place I honestly believe that with
whatever provisions we pass a bill admitting
the State the colored population there will be
secured in the franchise as early the one way
as the other. I have no question on that point,
and therefore I have no hesitanpy in voting for
thft proposition to admit these two States with-
out any amendment whatever. I do not believe
the amendment will be effectual to accomplish
anything.
In regard to the Missouri case I was inclined
to agree with the Senator from Indiana at first;
but on referring to the constitution of the State
of Missouri at that time I find that the pro-
vision which Congress required the State to
give a different construction to was a provision
clearly pointing to free negroes. The provision
was:
"It shall be the duty of tie Legislature, as soon as
may be, to pass such laws as may be necessary to
prevent free negroes and mulattoes from coming into
and settling in this State under any pretext whatso-
ever."
It refers directly to free negroes and mulat-
toes. When the constitution came to Congress,
Congress was unwilling to admit the State under
that provision, fearing that the passage of such
laws would violate the provision of the Consti-
tution of the United States guarantying the
privileges and immunities of citizens of all the
States to citizens of the several States, and
they passed this resolution:
"Memlved.&c., That Missouri shall be admitted into
«this Union on an equal footing with the original States,
in all respects whatever, upon the fundamental con-
dition that the fonrth clause of the twenty-sixth sec-
tion of the third articleof the constitution submitted
on the part of said State to Congress"—■
The intention was of course to strike at the
section I have read, but Congress did not name
it properly and missed the clause intended to
be described; but the provision was that the
clause—
"shall never be construed to authorize the passage
of any law, and that no law shall be passed in con-
formity thereto, by wh.ch any citizen of either of the
States in this Union shall be excluded from the enjoy-
ment of any of the privileges and immunities to which
such citizen i3 entitled UDder the Constitution of the
United States: Provided, That the Legislature of the
said State, by a solemn public act, shall declare the
assent of the said State to the said fundamental con-
dition, andshali transmitto the President of the Uni-
ted States, on or before the fourth Monday in Novem-
ber next, an authentic copy of the said act, upon the
recci pt whereof the President, by proclamation, shall
announce the fact; whereupon, and without any fur-
ther proceeding on the part of Congress, the admission
of the said State into this Union shall be considered
af complete."
The Senate will see that in the first place it
is exceedingly doubtful whether, according to
the public opinion then entertained, anything
was accomplished at all by this declaration. It
is true Congress said that a certain construction
should not be given to a clause in the consti-
tution of Missouri, but it is well known to the
Senator from Indiana and other Senators that
at that period of time it was very generally
understood by American statesmen that the
negro was not a citizen of the United States,
and it was so held until very recently, until
even the beginning of the late rebellion. I
believe the rights of citizenship were not then
extended to negroes. It is very questionable,
indeed, whether the Legislature of Missouri,
under the construction then given, would not
have had authority still to exclude free negroes
and mulattoes from the State, and the truth
of the matter is that the State exercised the
authority and laws were passed by the State,
notwithstanding this "fundamental condi-
tion," to exclude free negroes from her bor-
ders. Up to the beginning of the rebellion
there were laws upon the statute-book of the
State of Missouri excluding free negroes, not-
withstanding this fundamental condition, and
it is a notorious fact that the best lawyers of
the State, among them Mr. Geyer, who was
in the convention and afterward in the Legis-
lature, and subsequently a Senator in this body,
always held to the doctrine that this provision
was not binding upon the State; and there
never was any attempt on the part of Congress
to interfere with the legislation of the State
prohibiting free negroes from settling in it.
My own impression is that that construction
was correct. 1 do not^ pretend to say what
would have been the construction of Mr. Geyer
if it had been held that negroes were citizens.
He always held that they were not citizens of
the United States. Perhaps if it had been
then settled that they were citizens he might
have held the contrary opinion as to the power
of the State ; but I do not know what, in that
case, would have been the opinion of himself
or of others.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is Senate bill No. 453.
fir. WADE. I move that that be laid aside
so that we may dispose of the Nebraska and
Colorado* bills. I believe they will not cause
any further lengthy debate. The subject has
been debated so long that it seems to me
nothing new can be said on it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Itis moved
that the present and all prior orders be post-
poned for the purpose or continuing the con-
sideration of the amendment of the House of
Representatives to Senate bill No. 466.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senate will
not do that. It is quite evident that this
measure with the new complication which is
now attached to it—a proposition which re-
ceived the disapproval of a very large majority
of the Senate on a vote the other day—will
notbe disposed of without considerable debate;
and I think, inasmuch as the regular order of
business is now reached, and that is a matter
of very considerable importance also, and one
which I hope we shall finish to-day, this other
measure will take its usual course, so that we
shall be able to-morrow to consider it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio.
The question being put, there were, oil a
division—ayes 15, noes 15.
Mr. RAMSEY called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered ; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 24, nays 17 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Conness, Cragin,
Fogg, Foster, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Hen-
derson, Howard, Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan, Morrill,
Ramsey. Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Wade,
Willey, Wilson, and Yates—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cowan, Dixon,
Doolittle, Edmunds, Harris, Hendricks, Howe, John-
son, Nesmith, Norton, Patterson, Poland, Riddle,
Saulsbury, and Williams—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Creswoll, Davis, Fes-
senden, Guthrie, McDougall, Nye, Pomeroy, Boss,
Trumbull, and Van Winkle—11.
So the motion of Mr. Wade was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri is entitled to the floor on
the question before the Senate.
Mr. HENDERSON. I had about concluded
what I intended to say. My only object in ris-
ing was to express the hope that we might get
rid of this question, and I do not know of any
better way than to accept the amendment of
the House of Representatives. The Senate, I
presume, in the adoption of the amendment of
the Senator from Vermont originally, desired
to use simply a constraining influence upon the
people of Nebraska and Colorado to enfran-
chise the colored population. There are, per-
haps, from five to ten negroes in each of those
Territories, and their enfranchisement will be
the only effect the amendment wi'l have, even
if it be effective, to accomplish the object de-
signed. The House of Representatives seem
to think that the amendment adopted by the
Senate will not be effective, and they think that
if it shall be consented to by the Legislatures
of these two States it will have the effect. Now
I have no objection to that amendment if it
shall be so thought; and my impression being
that, even though it shall not be effective to
accomplish the object, these States will en-
franchise the blacks, I shall vote for the prop-
osition and hope that in that way we shall
dispose of this question. The dispute really
amounts to but little; and as I believe a ma-
jority of the Senate are inclined to admit these
States now, and inasmuch as they think they
ought to be admitted aside from the question
which is now pending and which is not a prac-
tical question and is not one of very great im-
portance anyhow, in my iudement we had bet-
ter admit them.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If it be practicable for
the Secretary to put his hand upon the amend-
ment which was proposed to this bill originally
by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Brown,] I
