1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1925
bill. After the Senate had postponed the con-
sideration of that bill until the present session,
the House followed it with a bill which em-
braced that portion of the general tariff bill
which affected wool and woolens alone, with
slight modifications. That bill is still pending
in the Senate, we never having taken any
action upon it, because having taken up the
general tariff bill at this session we disposed
of the wool and woolen question in that bill.
Now, the tariff bill having been defeated in the
other House, an effort is being made to pass it
so far as relates to wool and woolens. The
Senate Committee on Finance propose the
Senate bill on that subject as a substitute for
the House bill. That is all there is in thi3
question. Both propositions are printed and
the Senator can get them in the very form that
they are now presented to the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. But we do not know now
the exact form in which the tariff bill went
from the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is printed.
Mr. GRIMES. We had the original tariff
bill in print, but I have never seen the tariff
bill in print just as we passed it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was printed by the
House of Representatives in that shape.
Mr. GRIMES. Where is it?
Mr. SHERMAN. I can get the Senator a
copy if he wants one. There are plenty in the
document-room.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to see it before
I proceed to consider it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question upon the motion of
the Senator from Ohio?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not understand
how this bill can come up again in the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
has «iot yet come up ; the motion is to take it
up. On the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
the Committee on Finance was discharged
from its further consideration, and that Senator
then proposed an amendment to the bill. The
Chair regarded that as equivalent to a motion
that the Senate now proceed to the considera-
tion of the bill, and that is the motion before
the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The question which I
wish to ask the Chair is, whether that is a
House bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Did not the Senate
substitute for that bill another bill ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall have to make the
same explanation to my friend from Indiana
that I just did to my friend from Iowa. There
were two bills passed by the House at the last
session. The first was the general tariff bill;
but the Senate postponed that until the present
session, and then the House passed another
bill, containing the same phraseology as to
wool and woolens, but confined to that sub-
ject, and that bill has lain in our committee
ever since. The tariff bill having been de-
feated, we now feel bound to take up the
House wool and woolens bill; and we propose
to amend it by substituting the very words which
were inserted in the tariff bill in regard to the
duties on wool and woolens. The whole sub-
ject has been debated at great length, and I
supposed, the Senate having previously acted
on this very matter, there would be no con-
troversy, but that we would at once send back
the House bill on the subject of wool and
woolens with our amendment, and give them
the opportunity of agreeing to it if they can.
The whole subject has been debated and gone
over, and there is no necessity for consuming
time with it now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose this particu-
lar bill which the Senator now proposes to call
up, has never been debated in the Senate, on
the statement he makes. I did not know there
was such a bill pending before the body. I
think it is a remarkable proposition to take up
a tariff bill on Friday, when we necessarily ad-
journ the day after to-morrow or the next day,
with a view to its passage. I do not think the
revenue laws should be changed in any such
manner as that. I hope the bill will not be
taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the bill. '
Mr. TRUMBULL. Can a bill be considered
the same day it is reported?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not reported it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
has not been reported. The Committee on i
Finance has been discharged from its further ,
consideration, and the motion is that the Sen- ;
ate now proceed to its consideration. !
Mr. TRUMBULL. Was the committee dis- |
charged to-day ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was dis-
charged to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask if that is not a
report from the committee to be discharged
j from the consideration of the bill, and if it can
be considered to-day?
j Mr. SHERMAN. I did not make any report
; on the subject. The action that was taken was ,
done on my own motion. i
J Mr. TRUMBULL. But it discharged the I
1 committee. Now, I ask, can it be called up
I the same day?
i Mr. SHERMAN. I have seen it done often.
My impression was that the motion to discharge
the committee brought the bill directly before
the Senate ; but if the Presiding Officer thinks
not, I acquiesce.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have a rule—I do
not remember the number of it—which de-
clares that no bill shall be considered on the
same day that it comes from a committee ; I
cannot give the precise language of it. If
this bill now comes from the committee, can
a majority take it up to-day?
Mr. SUMNER. I was going to call the
attention of the Senator from Ohio to the pre-
cise fact that the Senator from Illinois alludes i
to. It seems to me that his motion cannot be
made without jumping over one of the most j
fixed rules of the Senate. A bill cannot be
considered the same day it is reported except
by unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a mistake in re-
gard to the rule. The rule simply applies to
reports of committees, and requires that they
must lie over one day. If the committee re-
ported this bill to-day, it must lie over at the
request of any Senator until to-morrow. I,
however, submitted a motion that the commit-
tee be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the bill. That was agreed to, and that
brought the bill directly before the Senate.
The Senate may now either postpone it till
to-morrow or take it up and act on it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is of opinion that the motion to take up the bill
is in order. As, however, regards proceeding
with it, the Chair does think that it comes under
the spirit of the twenty-sixth rule with refer-
ence to action on bills, joint resolutions, &c.,
the latter clause of the rule being—
"And all other resolutions shall lie on the table
one day for consideration; and also reports from com-
mittees."
This, it is true, is not a report from a com-
mittee. The committee has been discharged
from the consideration of the bill; and it there-
fore comes into the possession of the Senate,
but under the same limitations, in the opinion
of the Chair as regards action upon it, as
though it had been reported from a commit-
tee. The reason of the rule is the same in
both cases. The Chair thinks, therefore, that
it is obnoxious to the objection that it cannot
be considered to-day unless by unanimous con-
sent. Still the Chair is of opinion that the
motion to take up the bill is in order, because
until the question is put on that motion the
point for an objection hardly arises.
Mr. SHERMAN. I insist on my motion. It
is a question for the majority of the Senate to
decide whether they will proceed with the con-
sideration of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tampon. The bill
(H. R. No. 793) to provide increased revenue
from imported wool, and for other purposes,
is now before the Senate, as in Committee of
the Whole. It will be read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to the further
consideration of the bill. After it has been
once read, I object to more than one reading
of it to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill was read twice
before it was referred to the Committee on
Finance, and is now upon its third reading. It
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and open to amendment. The prac-
tice has been very often to discharge a com-
mittee of the body and at once consider the
bill. I have seen it done here frequently with-
out objection. The point has never been raised.
The rule is intended to prevent a committee
from bringing a subject before the Senate with-
out the consent of the Senate ; but here is a mo-
tion made by a member of the Senate, not the
report of a committee, but a motion by a mem-
ber to take up a particular bill. It is true that
bill is in the committee, but that makes no dif-
ference. It is always within the power of the
Senate to take op any bill. A committee can-
not by its report force a subject upon the Sen-
ate ; but the body, at any time, by a majority
vote, can take up any bill on its Calendar,
whether it be in a committee or elsewhere.
That is the plain, manifest meaning of the rule.
Two readings of a bill cannot be had on the
same day if objection be made ; but this bill
has already been read twice, and it is now open
for amendment.
I do not want to debate the question. I trust
if a majority of the Senate are in favor of an
increased duty on wool and woolens we may
have some decisive vote to test that matter
without discussion. If a majority of the Sen-
ate are not in favor of passing this bill substan-
tially as it passed the Senate, and in the same
words that it passed the Senate, we may as well
know it, and then of course we shall make no
further effort to get it before the body.
Mr. CRESWELL. I should like to pro-
pound a question to the honorable gentleman
from Ohio, and that is, whether we are to un-
derstand by the fact that he presses this meas-
ure this morning that all the rest of the tariff
measure is abandoned by the Committee on
Finance?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not say anything of
the kind.
Mr. CRESWELL. I make that inquiry.
Mr. SHERMAN. When the bill is taken
up the Senator can move any amendment he
chooses, and then the question will arise what
amendments ought tq be made.
Mr. CRESWELL. That is no answer to
my question.
Mr. SHERMAN. My desire is to see this
passed substantially without any change, as
the Senate passed it before.
Mr. CRESWELL. Precisely; bat my ques-
tion is still unanswered.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is it?
Mr.- CRESWELL. I ask if we are to under-
stand by the fact that the gentleman repre-
senting the Finance Committee of the Senate
presses this bill this morning, that the residue
of the tariff measure is to be considered as
abandoned by that committee?
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot speak for the
Committee on Finance on that matter; I speak
for myself. I want to get all of it that 1 cau
get. I am in favor of the passage of this bill
relative to the duties on wool and woolens
without any further amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to address an
inquiry to the Senator from Ohio. If he is
anxious that there shall be a bill passed for
the benefit of wool and woolens, why is he
not content to take the House bill without
amendment ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I should prefer to do it
myself individually; but I do not think I can
get that. I always like to accomplish what I
can. If I cannot get all I want, I take the
best I can get.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know how
