1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
Senate had indefinitely postponed a bill of the
House of the following title :
A bill (EL E. $0. 1) .extending the right of
suffrage in the District sf Columbia.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the amendments of the
House to a bill of the Senate of the following
title:
A bill (S. No. 491) amendatory of the several
acts respecting copyrights.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the amendments of the
House to a joint resolution of the Senate, No.
90, to suspend temporarily the collection of
the direct tax within the State of West Virginia,
with amendments, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
organization of national militia.
The SPEAKER announced as the first busi-
ness in order during the morning hour reports
of committees, beginning with the Committee
on the Militia.
Mr. PAINE. From the Committee on the
Militia, I report back, with amendments, the
bill (H. R. No. 1145) to provide for organiz-
ing, arming, and disciplining the militia, and
for other purposes.
Mr. Speaker, before the House proceeds to
the consideration of this bill I will state, for
the gratification of my friends who have busi-
ness following the morning hour, that I shall
make no speech upon the bill. I have spent
much time in thinking about it, and I am un-
willing to spend any more time in talking
about it. I wish, however, to state the course
which I should be glad to have pursued by the
House in the consideration of this measure.
It has been arranged between my colleague on
the committee, the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Noell,] and myself that the time occu-
pied in the consideration of the bill shall be
equally divided between the opponents and
supporters of the bill.
After the bill is read I will ask the Clerk to
read a brief statement of facts. Then I will
yield what is left of the morning hour equally
to the advocates and opponents of the bill,
resuming the floor, however, ten minutes be-
fore the expiration of the morning hour for the
purpose of demanding the previous question.
If the previous question shall be seconded, I
will then, to-day or to-morrow, in the morning
hour, give as much time as may be required by
the advocates and opponents of the bill, and
will then ask for a vote. I will also yield the
floor, not only for the purpose of opposing and
supporting the bill, but for the purpose of
moving amendments by those who are opposed
to the bill as well as those who are in favor of
it. To that end I ask unanimous consent that
amendments desired to be submitted may be
considered as pending, to be voted on in their
order, notwithstanding the seconding of the
previous question.
There was no objection to the last propo-
sition, and it was ordered accordingly.
Mr. PAINE. I am glad of that, for other-
wise I could not have allowed all the amend-
ments to come in, if the previous question
should have to be called, for want of time.
The SPEAKER. If this bill be not voted
on to-day in the morning hour, it will go over
till next Tuesday. It will take about forty
minutes to read it.
Mr. PAINE. If there be no objection, the
first reading of the bill can be dispensed with.
The bill will not go over until next Tuesday,
for I purpose to call the previous question
before the morning hour expires.
Mr. ROSS. It is near the close of the ses-
sion, and I think we had better move that the
bill be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin has the floor.
Mr. LE BLOND. I call for the reading of
the entire bill.
The Clerk then read the bill, as follows :
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, That all able-bodied male persona who shall
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 79.
have been born or naturalized in the United-States,
or shall have declared, according to law, their inten-
tion to become citizens thereof, or shall have actually
voted at any State, territorial, county, or municipal
election therein, and shall be residents of any of the
States or Territories thereof, and not less than
eighteen nor more than forty five years of age, ex-
cepting only Indians not taxed, idiots, lunatics, and
persons convicted of any infamous crime, shall be
liable to enrollmentinthe enrolled militia,in accord-
ance with the provisions of the twenty-seventh sec-
tion of this act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the national
guard of active militia shall consist of two regiments
or infantry-in each congressional district and Terri-
tory represented in the Congress of the United States
and also such other forces of infantry, cavalry, and
artillery as the respective States and Territories so
represented may organize, arm, and equip, in accord-
ance with the system prescribed in this act, all of
which troops shall beorganizedof volunteers; andno
person shall bo an officer, non-commissioned officer,
or private in said national guard who shall be dis-
qualified, for, or exempt from, enrollment in the en-
rolled militia, or shall ever have voluntarily borne
arms against the United States, or shall have volun-
tarily given aid, countenance, counsef, or encourage-
ment to persons engaged in armed hostility theretor
or shall have sought, or acocpted, or attempted to
exercise the functions of any office whatever under
any authority or pretended authority in hostility
thereto, or shall have yielded a voluntary support to
any pretended government,authority,power, or con-
stitution within the United States hostile or inimical
thereto; and there shall benodiscrimination between
white and colored porsons under this aot, but they
shall respectively been titled to separatecompany and
regimental organizations, and the number of white
and colored troops respectively armed, equipped,
clothed, and paid by the United States in each con-
gressional district and Territory under the provisions
of this act shall be proportionate to the white and
colored population thereof.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That thero shall
be an Assistant Secretary of War, appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, who Bhall be specially charged with the exe-
cution of all laws of Congress enacted to provide for
organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia; and
the Secretary of War shall detail ior hia assistance
the necessary staff officers of the adjutant general's,
quartermaster general's, and ordnance departments,
and shall appoint the ncccssary clerks, and classify
the same for payment, according to law.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the national
guard shall be organized in accordance with the fol-
lowing provisions, namely: Fir6t. Each company of
infantry, cavalry, and artillery shall, in pursuance
of authority from the Governor of the State or Ter-
ritory, be formed of the lawful -number of persons,
having all the qualifications prescribed by this act
for enrollment in the enrolled militia and for enlist-
ment in the national guard, who shall take and sub-
scribe, in duplicate, the following oath or affirma-
tion: "I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I am a
resident of the town, county, and State, or Territory,
prefixed to my signature, and am in all respects
qualified for enrollment in the enrolled militia and
enlistment in the national guard, under the provis-
ions of the act entitled 4 An act to provide for organ-
izing, arming, and disciplining the militia, and for
other purposes;' that I have enlisted for a term of
three years in the national guard, and that I have
never voluntarily borne arms against the United
States since I have been a citizen thereof, and have
voluntarily given no aid, countenance, counsel, or
encouragement to persons engaged inarmed hostility
thereto; that I have neither sought nor accepted
nor attempted to exercise the functions of any office
whatever, under any authority, or pretended author-
ity, in hostility to the United States; that I have not
yielded a voluntary support to any protended gov-
ernment, authority, power, or constitution within the
United States hostile or mimical thereto; and I do
further swear (or affirm) that, to the best of my knowl-
edge and ability, I will support and defend the Con-
stitution of the United States against all enemies,
foreign and domestic; that I will bear truofaith and
allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation
freely, without any mental reservation or purpose
of evasion, and that I will well and faithfully dis-
charge my duties as a member of the national guard,
so help me God;" which oath may betaken andsub-
scribed before any justice of the peace, notary pub-
lic, or other officer legally authorized to administer
oaths in thedistrict or Territory where such company
shall be organized; and any person who shall falsely
take such oath shall be guilty of perjury, and, upon
conviction thereof in any Federal, State, or ter-
ritorial court of competent criminal jurisdiction in
such district or Territory, shall be punished by a fine
not exceeding $5,000, or by imprisonment in any pen-
itentiary or jail of such State, Territory, or district
not exceeding five years, or both, at the discretion
of the court, and shall also bo stricken from the roll
of the national guard. Second. After said oath shall
have been taken and subscribed by the members of
any company, as aforesaid, they shall elect ono cap-
tain, one first lieutenant, and ono second lieutenant.
Third. The officers so elccted shall annex to the
aforesaid oath their official certificate in duplicate,
setting forth that they were severally elected officers
of such company acoording to law, and showing the
time and place of such election and the office to
which each was chosen, and shall thereupon transmit
one oath and certificate to the Governor of the State
or Territory, and the other to the Assistant Secretary
of War; and if no fraud or illegality shall appear in
such organization or election the Governor shall
commission the said officers and assign the companies
so organised to regimonts, brigades, and divisions,
u i? u asufficientaiximber of such companies
snail nave been organized to constitutes in accord-
ance with the provisions of this act, regiments, Brig-
ades, ana divisions, respectively; and after sueh- regi-*
ments, brigades, or divisions shall have.been so
organized, respectively, the officers thereof maybe
elected or appointed, as provided in the sixth section
°Lu J in any Stat© or Territory
of the United otates shall be organized or maintained
except m pursuance of the provisions of this act;
and the organization of companies, regiments, brig-
ades, and divisions shall be that of the Army of the
United States but four regiments of infantry shall
constitute one brigade, and two brigades one division :
and those persons only shall be eligible to such com-
missions who shall have all the qualifications for
enrollment in the enrolled militia and enlistment in
the national guard as in this act proscribed.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all persons
who shall enlist in the national guard shall be held
for a term of scrvioe of three years from the date of
their muster-in, unless sooner discharged'? and all
commissioned officers shall hold their offices un til the
expiration of three years from the date of their o'ri-
gmal muster-in, unless sooner discharged; and* all
officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates who
shall have honorably served, until the expiration of
such term shall, at their option," be exempt from fur-
ther military service in time of peace, bat shall be
liable to enrollmentthereafterintheenrolled militia
until the a$e of forty-five years, and shall be eligible
to commissions until fifty-five years of age? and any
person who shall become an idiat or lunatic, or be
convicted of any infamous crime, after muster into
the national guard, shall be stricken from the rolls
thereof; and officers, non-commissioned officers, and
privates shall be exempt from duty in the national
guard, in time of peace, when absent from the con-
gressional district or Territory in which they shall
have respectively enlisted, and may be discharged
from service for disability by the Governor of tho
State or Territory.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That all brigado
and division officers shall be appointed and commis-
sioned by the Governor of the State or Territory;
and all commissioned officers of regiments and com-
panies shall bo elected by such regiments and com-
panies, respectively, and commissioned by the Gov-
ernor of the State or Territory; and all non-commis-
sioned regimental and company officers shall be
appointed by warrant of the regimental commander;
and all elections to 811 original or other vacancies,
except the original elections .of company officers,
shall be held by ballot at-such times and places and
under each regulations as the Governors of the re-
spective States and Territories shall prescribe; and
if any company or regiment shall fail to fill any va-
cancy by olection, the Governor of tho State or Terri-
tory shall, without delay, fill the same by appoint-
ment; and in any election, the person having the
highest number of votes cast for any office shall be
elected; but the provisions of this section shall not
apply to any State in which a different mode of ap-
pointment of officers of the national guard shall be
prescribed by law.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That vacancies in
the ranks of any company may at any time bo filled
to the maximum number assigned by law thereto by
volunteers, who shall have all the qualifications pre-
scribed by law for enrollment in the enrolled militia
and for enlistment in the national guard, and shall
take and subscribe, in duplicate, tho oath prescribed
in the fourth section of this act before some officer
authorized by the provisions of said section to ad-
minister the same, and shall be subject to all the
penalties prescribed in said section for falsely taking
sueh oath; and one of said duplicates shall be trans-
mitted, without delay, through the regular military
channels, to the Assistant Secretary of War, and the
other to the Governor of the State or Territory,
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That, in addi-
tion to the officers provided for in the preceding sec-
tions of this act, there shall be in each State and
Territory a commander-in-chief and an adjutant
goncral of the militia therein; and the Governor
shall be such commander-in-chief in each Territory,
and also in each State, unless it shall be otherwise
provided for by the constitution or laws of such
State; and said adjutant general shall be commis-
sioned by the Governor, and shall have the rank of
brigadier general; and said officers shall roceive for
their services under this act, from their respective
States ani Territories, such compensation as may be
provided by the laws thereof; and said eommander-
in~chief shall exercise all such authority over tho
militia, including the national guard, as is reserved
by tho Constitution to the States; but orders, returns,
reports, and other official communications issued or
received by the Assistant Secretary of War within
the scope of bis authority shall not be transmitted
through said commander-in-chief or adjutant gen-
eral of the militia; and it shall be the duty of said
adjutant general, undertheorders of said commander-
in-chief, to train the national guard according to
the discipline prescribed in this act; to inspect the
same thoroughly at least once in caeh year; to re-
ceive the returns, reports, and other official com-
munications provided for in this act; to transmit
annually, in October, to the Assistant Secretary of
War. for the information of the Government of the
United States, three separate consolidated returns,
one for ordnance and ordnance stores, one for camp
and garrison equipage and clothing, and one for the
adjutant general's department, and also a report oi
the inspections by him made, in obedience to the
provisions of this act, which report shall show the <
discipline of the troops of the national guard within
the State or Territory, their instruction m military
exercises and duties, the state of their arms, cloth-
ing, equipments, and aeoouterments ot all kinds, th©
state of the division, brigade, regiment, and com-
