486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
will move to substitute that for the House
amendment.
The Secretary read the proposed amendment
to the House amendment; which was to strike
out ail after the word "that'' and insert the
following:
This act shall not Take 'effect except upon the fun-
damental condition that within the State of Nebraska
there shall be no denial of the elective franchise, or
of any other right, to any person, by reason of race
or color, and upon the further condition that this
fundament al condition shall be submitted to the vot-
ers of the Territory of Nebraska at an election to be
held on the first Tuesdayof next. And atsuch
election said voters shall declare their assent to or
diss«nt from the condition aforesaid in such form as
shall be proscribed by the Governor of said Territory.
And all votes given at such election shall be returned
to such Governor within — days from the day of the
election, who shall forthwith canvass the same. And
•if a majority of such votes shall be for this condition
the Governor shall certify that fact to the President
of the United States, who shall by proclamation an-
nounce the fact; whereupon, without further pro-
ceedings on tho part of Congress, this act shall take
effect.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is suggested to me
that the words '1 excepting Indians not taxed''
ought to be inserted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in the
power of the Senator to modify his own amend-
ment, and it will be modified at his suggestion
by inserting those words. •
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before a vote is had
on this amendment, it is due to myself to say
that I am not in favor of annexing conditions
to States upon their admission when those
States come here properly ; but now we have
to select between what I esteem two evils,
between this proposition and the proposition
that comes from the House of Representatives.
There is truth in what the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Henderson] has said in one respect,
that is there are not many persons perhaps in
Nebraska who would be enfranchised under
this proposition; but practically it is a very
important question when we consider that we
are fixing a precedent that may be extended to
other and very important matters when other
States ask to be admitted. This precedent
will establish that the Congress of the United
State and the territorial Legislature have the
Eower to change a constitution that the people
ave deliberately made.
This same question is to come up on the
Colorado bill. There it was submitted ex-
pressly to the people whether they would have
negro suffrage, and upon a popular vote they
voted it down by a much larger majority than
was given in favor of the constitution. Now,
we propose to override that popular vote of
the people, the people who make States, who
make State constitutions ; we propose to over-
ride that by submitting it to aterritorial Legis-
lature that, in my judgment, is not competent,
under the Constitution and the laws, to decide
a question of this sort.
I think it is important to avoid a precedent
so dangerous in the future. A constitution
may come up from one of our future western
States with a provision not agreeable to Con-
gress upon some other question not touching
the negro at all, touching their material inter-
ests, touching their mineral interests perhaps,
some great interest; and Congress may inter-
pose to change that constitution without allow-
ing the people the opportunity to express their
wish upon it.
I wish to avoid that precedent; and although
I am not in favor of a general proposition of
annexing conditions of this sort to the admis-
sion of States, yet I think it is better to sub-
mit the question here proposed to the people
than to submit it to the Legislature; and my
amendment raises simply this point: shall we
submit this proposition to the people who are
sovereign upon the question of making a con-
stitution and State government, or shall we
submit it to the Legislature that has no juris-
diction over it ?
If the people of the Territory of Nebraska
are not in favor of this proposition, what Sen-
ator wants to force it upon them ? Does not
the Constitution of the United States leave to
the people of each State the e clusive control
of this question of suffrage; and do we want
to take away from them that which the Consti-
tution leaves with them ? But my principal
purpose is to avoid a precedent which I think
will become dangerous in the future, and there-
fore I offer this amendment. The only effect
of my amendment, I desire most distinctly to
say, is that this question shall be submitted to
the people, instead of the territorial Legisla-
ture.
Mr. WADE. I wish to ask the Senator a
question. Does he propose to vote for the bill
if his amendment is attached to it?
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is a question
which it was hardly necessary to ask, because
the bill is not again to be voted upon. But,
sir, I will act in good faith upon this question :
you adopt this amendment and I will vote for
the amendment.
Mr. WADE. Oh, yes, "for the amend-
ment 1" I presume so.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator how
I can vote for or against the bill now ? He
asks me a question that I cannot answer, for I
cannot vote for the bill or against it: the bill
is not before the Senate. But I answer the
question in its force and meaning by. saying
that if he will adopt this and let the question
go to the people I will vote for it and let the
people decide; and if they decide that they
want negro suffrage in Nebraska, let it be so;
I am content.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not rise for the
purpose of taking any part in this debate, but
simply to notify the Senate that it was my de-
sign to call up the tariff bill to-morrow; but,
under the circumstances, with so many ques-
tions pending, I have concluded to defer it a
little longer, and I now give notice that I shall
ask the Senate to take up that bill on Monday
next. It is very pressing; we have but a short
time left; and we have as yet hardly done any
of the absolutely necessary business of the
session. No one of the appropriation bills
has yet come from the House. I shall on
Monday move to take up the tariff bill, and
shall insist upon it so far as it is in my power
to insist, asking the Senate to postpone any
other business that may be in the way of it at
that time.
Mr. WADE. I do not propose to go into
any argument on this question. It was hereto-
fore argued so much in this body that I believe
every Senator who saw fit -to participate in the
debate had ample opportunity to do so and to
define his position upon every point connected
with it that could be thought of. And I abstain
because I know that if we do not forbear some-
what from debate on these questions the busi-
ness of the Senate will be very much obstructed.
I ask the friends of the A>ill to vote down all
these amendments and take the amendment
of the House of Representatives, in order to
get rid of the subject in some way or other
as soon as we can. I will not debate it; I will
not be provoked into any further discussion on
the subject; and I wish the friends of the bill
would stand by the House amendment if they
can, and let us end the matter one way or the
other with as little delay as possible.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not about to con-
tinue the debate, but merely to state why I think
the precedent in the case of Missouri has no
application to the one before us. That ques-
tion had not been before the Senate at any
antecedent period.
It is true, as is stated by my friend from Mis-
souri, that at that time there were differences
of opinion in the country whether negroes who
had been born free in any of the States of the
Union, either because their ancestors were free,
or because slavery had been abolished in the
State where they were born, were citizens or
not of the United States. Massachusetts en-
tertained a very decided opinion that they were
citizens. Some of the very best men of the
country entertained the same opinion, and that
opinion was entertained by I suppose a large
majority of the members who constituted the
Congress at the time the Missouri act was
If they were citizens, then clearly the
provision of the State constitution-which gave
to the Legislature or proposed to give to the
Legislature of Missouri the right by law to
exclude them from coming into the State was
in violation of the clause of the Constitution
of the United States to which my friend from
Missouri has referred. Since then, to be sure,
the Supreme Court of the United States by a,
majority decided that they were not citizens
within the meaning of the judicial clause of the
Constitution of the United States, and that they
were therefore not competent to sue in the
United States courts. But, as the Senate are
not now to be told, there were very grave
doubts whether that decision in that particular
was a sound one or not. Two of the ablest
men who have ever been in that tribunal held
that it was not sound—the late Mr. Justice
McLean and Mr. Justice Curtis. Mr. Justice
Nelson expressed no opinion at all upon that"
point. At the time the constitution of Mis-
souri was before Congress on the question as
to the adrmission of that State into the Union
under that constitution, that was a very litigated
question; but the result has been that the
public judgment has pronounced, independent
of our civil rights bill or the subsequent con-
stitutional amendment, that black men are
citizens.
Acting upon that assumption, Congress
claimed the right—and I think they had it if
the assumption was well taken—to annex to
their act admitting the State of Missouri into
the Union a condition that that provision in
the constitution of the State, which they be-
lieved to be repugnant to the Constitution of
the United States, should be considered there-
after as a nullity. My friend [Mr. Hender-
son] tells me it, would have been anullit.y upon
that assumption if Congress had admitted them
without condition ; but from abundant caution
Congress thought proper to attach the condi-
tion. I think the caution was well taken. It
is the duty of Congress, when they are called
upon to act at all in their legislative capacity,
to provide that no article in the Constitution of
the United States upon which depend the
rights of the citizens shall be violated at all;
not to leave it as a matter of doubt to have the
question hereafter decided by the Supreme
Court, because so to leave it is to encourage
litigation and to continue an angry state of
feeling throughout the country upon a very
vital question. The members of Congress at
that time, I have no doubt, really thought (and
as the result has since proved they were correct
in thinking) that free black men were just as
much citizens as free white men ; and in order
to guard against an interference with the rights
which attached to them as citizens, Congress
said to Missouri: "The provision which yon
have in your constitution shall not by you be
used for the purpose of interfering with any of
those rights."
That is not this case. In this case I suppose
it can hardly be doubted that without attaching
this condition the State of Nebraska and tho
State of Colorado, when they come to be ad-
mitted, will have the right to regulate the ques-
tion of suffrage. They will have a right to say
whether white men alone shall vote, what qual-
ifications the white men who are to vote shall
have, or whether the black men and not the
white men shall vote; and so in relation to
the qualifications of the blacks. What we are
about to do, therefore, is to interfere with that
right which has heretofore been considered as
sacred—the right of a State to_regulate_the
question of suffrage. I agree with my friend
from Indiana, that as that is a question which
belongs to the States exclusively to decide,
when they are asked to give that right away,
to surrender it, the question should be submit-
ted to them.
For these reasons I think the precedent of
the Missouri case has no application at all to
the measures which are now before us.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana to the amendment of the House of
Representatives.
