1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1927
an amendment shall be made to this bill, and
he can get an opportunity to offer it, to raise
the duties twenty per cent, upon all articles
that are now dutiable, except tea, sugar, coffee,
and salt. If that is adopted, it goes to the
House for concurrence. If that is not adopted
here, either that proposition will be made or
the House bill will be added to it in the House
of Representatives without requiring the two-
thirds majority that is now required under their
rules, and then the whole question goes to a
committee of conference, and the committee of
conference make the tariff bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Ohio?
Mr. WILSON. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted. I should prefer to vote for the
House bill as it came from the House, with a
slight amendment that may be made to it. I
do not wish to vote for this amendment as now
proposed. I prefer the original bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The friends of this bill
ought to understand the matter distinctly. If
they divide in regard to these amendments
that is the end of the effort to pass a bill rela-
tive to the duty on wool. Personally, I prefer
to take the House*bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not do so ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Simply because I do not
believe the majority will agree to it. If the
question could be taken now, and the majority
should prefer to pass the House bill, well and
good. But there ought to be some modifica-
tions in the House bill; and we made them
very carefully. They are generally in the in-
terest of the consumer. The very amendment
I now propose reduces considerably the duties
on carpets; and yet the Senator from Illinois
objects to that, although his constituents use
the carpet and do not make any of it. That
seems strange to me. It is natural that the
Senator from Massachusetts should object. I
intend myself to offer the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts and
ingrafted on the tariff bill. Now, he ought to
take the thing either upon one aspect or the
other. If he wants the duty on a certain class
of woolen goods increased a little, I propose
to agree to that. I have got an amendment
prepared to satisfy his views. In other words,
I propose to offer his amendment to satisfy the
interest which he says will be very unjustly
dealt with by the House bill. But the Senator
from Illinois objects to a bill that reduces the
duty on carpets. The people of Illinois con-
sume them and do not produce them. It is
evident we must take one thing or the other ;
either take the House bill without any amend-
ment whatever, or else we must take it with
the amendments that have been carefully con-
sidered in the Committee on Finance, care-
fully considered in the Senate, and which im-
prove the bill vastly. I do not care which
course is pursued. If we take the House bill
singly and alone it passes without any further
difficulty.
Mr. CATTELL. I desire to notice the state-
ments made by the Senator from Ohio. The
reason that the amendments are proposed here
is simply because the Senate fully discussed
this question, and made improvements in the
House bill, a very important one of which was
made on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.] The whole question
has been thoroughly discussed by the Senate,
and by a large vote our bill was passed, and
those in the Finance Committee who were in
favor of relieving the oppressed industries of
the country thought it best to suggest that the
Senate take their own action so far as wool
and woolens were concerned. The whole ques-
tion was discussed here, and a very important
amendment moved by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts was adopted. If you take the House
bill you leave out that amendment. Now, the
whole object of the movers of this measure is
simply this: the tariff bill which has been so
long discussed here, and which was passed by
so large a vote, having failed in the House, they
desire that something shall be done, and done
promptly, in these two last days of the session
to relieve the oppressed industrial interests of
the country.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him is it intended to«put the Senate bill
entire on this bill?
Mr. CATTELL. No, sir; and while I am
on my feet I will say in answer to the remarks
of the gentleman from Iowa that I do hold in
my hand an amendment which it will be at the
option of the Senate to adopt or not when we
shall have arrived at the proper time to offer
it, a simple amendment increasing by a per- 1
centage the duties upon imported manufactured ■
goods. That will be a question for the Senate \ \
to determine. \ '■
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator read it?
Mr. CATTELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. Not now. ;
Mr. CATTELL. I will send it to the Sec- ;
retary's desk; but I apprehend it has no rela- :
tion to the question now under consideration. '
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know^i
what it is.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us go through with
the question before us first. !
Mr. GRIMES. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the amendment intended
to be proposed by Mr. Cattell, as follows: i
And be it further enacted, That from and after ten 1,
days from the passage of this act there shall belevied,
collected, and paid on all goods, wares, and merchan- \
dise not herein provided for imported into the Uni- i1
ted States from foreign countries and now subject to |
duty under existing laws, an additional duty of one
tilth, or twenty per cent, of the duty or rates of ] l
duty, including specific and ad va/nrein rates now
imposed by law upon such goods, wares, and mer- ■ I
chandise: Provided, That no additional duty shall
be levied, collected, or paid on sugar, molasses, tea,
coffee, salt, lumber, coal, and railroad iron.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. It seems to me to be a
clearer and safer plan not to make any amend-
ments to this bill as it came from the House.
The bill is reasonably fair as it stands in regard
to these matters, and if we do not amend the
text of the bill as it stands it will simplify mat-
ters. If we vote down this proposed amend-
ment, and then the additional amendment to
be proposed by the Senator from New Jersey,
these two votes may dispose of the whole sub-
ject. It is possible that the amendment offered
by the Senator from Ohio to the text of the bill
from the House of Representatives would ben-
efit it; but it will complicate matters. By ad-
hering to the bill as it came from the House in
its text, and then taking a direct and single
vote upon the amendment proposed by the
Senator from New Jersey, it seems to me you
will much simplify the matter. If there be any
reason for this particular amendment it can
be made at the next session. That seems to
me to be the better way.
Mr. JOHNSON. So far as I am able to
judge from the signs of the times, the West is
now very much against the protective system,
and in all probability that opinion will become
a fixed one in the West. The West now are
in favor of protecting the woolen interest be-
cause they want to have protected the wool-
growing interest. If this bill, therefore, passes
in the shape in which it came from the House
in all human probability no tariff can hereafter
be passed which will protect any other inter-
est. I think, therefore, the members of the
Senate who are of opinion, as I am, that there
are other interests that ought to be protected,
ought to take care so to act on the bill before
it as to enable the House or to enable the Sen-
ate to provide a protection for other industries
that I think Btand as much in need of it as the
woolen interest. I am not against protecting
the woolen interest. I shall vote, therefore,
with pleasure for the amendment suggested by
the Committee on Finance; but I cannot vote
for the bill as it came from the House, and
leave the other interests of the country to be
acted upon adversely or not, as those who are
apparently opposed to the other interests may
hereafter think proper.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I do not think the Sen-
ator from Maryland understood me. I do not
propose to avoid a direct vote upon the propo-
sition to increase the tariff upon anything be-
sides what is contained in the House bill as it
stands. Let us suppose that the House bill as
it came to us is, on the particular subject re-
ferred to in it, a reasonably good one. My
proposition is that we do not amend that at
all in its text; but let the Senator from New
Jersey offer his proposition to increase by
twenty per cent, the duties upon everything
else except certain specified articles, and then
the sense of the Senate can be taken upon that
proposition. If that proposition be added to
the bill as it came from the House then the
question will be for the Senate to determine
whether they will make this general increase
or not; and Senators who believe that that
general increase will be beneficial will vote for
it, while those who are opposed to it will vote
against it. I do not desire to avoid a vote upon
the general proposition at all.
It may bo as well for me to say also, as I
am classed perhaps among those who are op-
posed to an increase of the tariff, that I really
do not occupy that position. I have said in
conversation, and say now publicly, that I
regard the bill we passed here as the fairest
bill to western interests, so far as my knowl-
edge extends, we have ever had. I voted
against it, because I thought it too high, not
because I was against affording protection to
our manufactures to an extent that I thought
proper and right. But I think we shall sim-
plify our action, and, perhaps, get on the whole
as good a bill, by not changing at all this bill
as it came from the House, and taking a direct
vote on the proposition of the Senator from
New Jersey.
Mr. HOWE. I apprehend the Senator from
Maryland somewhat mistakes the position of
the West, to which he has referred. Undoubt-
edly the West is in favor of the protection of
the wool-growers and of the wool manufac-
turers, what he calls the woolen interest; but
only in favor of it because they are legitimate
branches of American industry. I do not
think the West has any idea of securing pro-
tection to those two branches of American
industry, and of destroying every otlier branch
of American industry and driving labor into
those two occupations. I think the West,
while it would encourage these productions,
would be willing to encourage every other le-
gitimate branch of American industry; and I
do not think it is worth while to attempt to
put the West under bonds to favor any other
branch of American industry. Therefore I
think we may act, and I think the East may
vote according to its convictions of duty and
its convictions of the public interest upon the
bill now before the Senate, without any dan-
ger that they will lose any strength in the West
for other interests that may be proposed for
protection hereafter. But it does seem to me
that in this very late hour of the session we
had better try to secure this much of protec-
tion and this much of additional revenue that
is promised in the bill before us. Then I
should be very'glad to see the proposition
suggested by the Senator from New Jersey put
into a separate bill; let that be submitted to
the Senate, and let it go to the House, if the
Senate agree to it.
ADMISSION OF COLORADO—VETO.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is House bill No. 1161, to
amend existing laws relating to internal reve-
nue.
Mr. WADE. There was an arrangement
made last night that at this hour we should
take up and vote upon the bill for the admis-
sion of Colorado into the Union. I therefore
move that the unfinished business and all other
business be laid aside informally, and that we
take up that bill and have a vote upon it. 1
suppose there ia to be no debate about it.
