1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1251
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted. That Congress may
provide for calling forth the wholo or any part of the
national guard into the service of the United States
to execute the laws thereof, when the execution of
the same shall be obstructed by combinations or
forces too strong to be overcome by the civil author-
ities, to repel invasion, and to suppress insurrections
against the authority of the United States, and also
to aid in,the execution of the laws of any State, and
the suppression of insurrection therein, on applica-
tion of tho Legislature, or of the Executive when the
Legislature cannot be convened; and the national
guard, or any part thereof, when so ordered into the
service of the United States, shall be subject to the
rules and articles of war and to the regulations of the
Army; and afiy officer, non-commissioned officer, or
private who, when so ordered into the service of tho
United States, shall neglect or refuse to report for
duty therein, shall be liable to trial, conviction, and
punishment for desertion by a general court-martial
of the Army of the United States; and no part of tho
national guard, or of any other militia force in the
United States, shall be called into activc service
except in pursuance of the provisions of this act or
of authority to be hereafter granted by Congress.
Skc. 26. And be it further enacted, That whenever
Congress shall declare war, such portion of the na-
tional guard as Congress shall by law provide shall
become apart of tho Array of the United States; and
any officer, non-commissioned officer, or private,
who shall refuse or neglect to report for duty therein
in obedience to such law of Congress, shall be liable
to trial, conviction, and punishment for desertion, by
a general court-martial of tho Army of tho United
States? and when peace shall be declared, either by
an act of Congress or by a proclamation of the Pres-
ident made pursuant to an act of Congress, said
troops shall, without unnecessary delay, be mustered
out of the Array of the United States and into tho
national guard.
Skc. 27. And be it further enacted, That whenever,
in time of war. Congress shall authorize an increase
of the Army above the effective strength of the na-
tional guard, and the quota of any congressional dis-
trict or Territory shall not be filled Toy volunteers
within thirty days after the President's proclamation
announcing such quota, the President, unless it shall
be otherwise provided by law, shall causo the assist-
ant assessors of internal revenue to enroll the militia
in such district or Territory, and shall fill such quota
by a dralt from tho enrolled militia thereof, under
such rules and regulations, not inconsistent with the
Constitution or laws, as he may prescribe; and the
troops so raised by volunteering or draft, or both,
shall have the company and regimental organization
herein provided for the national guard; but their
brigade and division organization shall bo that of
the regular Army; and when peace shall be declared,
either by an act of Congress or by a proclamation of
the President made in pursuance of an act of Con-
gress, all troops raised in accordance with the provis-
ions of this section shall be, without unnecessary
delay, mustered out of the service of the United
States; and the following persons shall be exempt
from such draft, namely: Such as are rejected as
physically or mentally unfit for the service; also,
1. The Vice President of the United States, the
judges of the various courts of the United States, tho
heads of the various Executive Departments of the
Government, and the Governors and judges of tho
several States. , „ .,
2. The only son liable to military duty of a widow
dependent upon his labor for support.
3. Where there are two or more sons of aged or
infirm parents subject to draft, the father, or, it he
bo dead, the mother may elect which son shall bo
^^he only brother of children not twelve years
old, having neither father nor mother, dependent
upon his labor for support.
5. The father of motherless children under twelve
years of age, dependent upon his labor for support.
6. Where there are a father and sons in the same
family and household, and two of them are in the
military service of the United States as non-com-
missioned officers, musicians, or privates, the residue
of such family and household, not exceeding two,
shall be exempt.
7. Indians not taxed.
8. Persons convicted of felony; and no other per-
sons shall be exempt. , , .i a
Sec. 28. And be it further enacted, That the tactics,
arms, accoutcrments, equipments, uniform, colors,
camp-colors, fifes, drums, tents, camp-kettles, mess-
pans, saddles, bridles, and spurs, and the regulations ,
for guard duty, for the forms of guard mounting, in-
spection, review, and dress parade, and lor courts- ;
martial, funeral ceremonies, salutes, and honors paid j
by the troops to be observed by the national guard,
shall be those lawfully prescribed tor tho regular
Sec. 29. And be it further enacted. That it shall not
bo lawful for any troops of tho national guard to hold
any muster, drill, parade, encampment, or other meet-
ing under arms, on the day of any election appointed
by the laws of any State or Territory or of the Unitea
States; and any person guilty of a violation ot the
provisions of this section shall, upon indictment ana
conviction thereof before any Federal, Slate, or ter-
ritorial court of competent criminal jurisdiction, be
punished by a fine not exceeding $1,000, or by impris-
onment in any penitentiary or jail of the district,
county or Territory where tho offense shall have been
committed, for a period not exceeding one year, or
both, at the discretion of the court, and shall pay the
costs of prosecution.
Skc SO And be ii further enacted, That all the pow-
ers privileges, and duties conferred or imposed by the
Provisions of this act upon the Governors of States
shall bo exercised in each State by such person as
shall, under the constitution and laws thereof, be the
commander-in-chief of tho militia therein; and all
provisions of this aet relating to tho Territories shall
bo equally applicable to tho District of Columbia 5
and all provisions hereof relating; to the Governors
of Territories shall be equally applicable to the Pres-
ident, or other legally constituted chief executive
officer of said District; but tho powers and duties con-
ferred and imposed by this act upon the Governors
of Territories shall only be exorcised or.porformed by
such Governors of Territories as shall hold their offices
by authority and in pursuance of some act or acts of
the Congress of the United States. *
Sec. 31. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the passage of this act commissions in the Army
of the United States shall be granted only to graduates
of the United States Military Academy and of the
schools of the national guard, and to officers, non-
commissioned officers, and privates of the regular and
volunteer military, naval, and marine forces, and
national guard, of not less than one year's honorable
service therein, and persons honorably discharged
therefrom, after not less than one year's servico
therein.
Sec. 32. And be it further enacted, That the field
pieces, carriages, caissons, equipments, and imple-
ments whichshall bo issued, under the provisions of
this act, to regimental commanders, shall bo used
under their supervision for tho instruction and prac-
tice of their commands in tho tactics for light artil-
lery prescribed for the Army of the United States ;
and with the approval of the brigade coinmandcr,
the pieces and caissons of each brigade may be tem-
porarily united in a four-gun battery, and served by
volunteers or details from tho respectivo regiments,
under officers detailed by the brigade commander.
Skc. 33. Andbeit further enacted. That within eight-
een months after the passage of this act four schools
of the national guard shall be established at places
most convenient for the several States and Terri-
tories, to bo designated by joint resolution of Con-
gress, within one year after the passago of this act,
or by the President in case of the failure of Congress
so to designate the same ; and the course of instruc-
tion shall be thesame as thatprescribed for thcUni-
ted States Military Academy ; and a sufficient num-
ber of competent instructors shall be provided by
the Secretary of War, by the detail of offiwsrs of tho
Army of tho United States, and the employment of
civilians when necessary: and all said schools shall
be under the superintendence of the Assistant Sec-
retary of War; and within one year after two regi-
ments of tho national guard shall have been com-
pletely organized and mustered into service in any
congressional district or Territory, four cadets, and in
each year thereafter two cadets, shall be selected by
competitive examination for said school from tho
officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates of
the national guard of such district or Territory by a
board consisting of a majority of the field officers and
captains therein, at such timesandplaces, and under
such regulations, as the Assistant Secretary of War
may prescribe; and at each annual selection of
cadets, after the third, in any district or Territory,
so many shall be selected as will make the wholo
number from said district or Territory equal to eight;
and the pay and allowances and uniform of such
cadets shall be the same as those of tho cadets of the
United States Military Academy; and after the said
schools shall have been so located the Secretary of
War shajl. without unnecessary delay, purchase
sites for the same, erect the necessary buildings,
and purchase the neccssary books, implements, and
apparatus; and until such buildings shall be .in
readiness for use shall rent, in the localities desig-
nated for such schools, buildings for the temporary
accommodation thereof on the most advantageous
terms; and such cadets shall be admitted only be*
tweon tho ages of eighteen and twenty-one years,
but any officer, non-commissioned officer, or private
of the national guard, who has honorably and faith-
fully served not less than one year as an officer
or enlisted man in the regular or volunteer military
scrvicc, or Marino corps, or as an officer or seaman
in the naval service of the United States in the late
war for the suppression of the rcbollion, and who
shall possess tho other qualifications prescribed by
law, shall be eligible to appointment until the age
of twenty-four years; and said schools shall be sub-
ject to such of the rules and regulations for tho
government of the United States Military Academy,
not inconsistent with the provisions of this act, as
the Assistant Secretary of War shall from time to
time direct; but the academic year of said schools
shall commence at leastfive months earlierthan that
of the United States Military Academy; and all ap-
pointments of cadets in the United States Military
Academy shall bo made from the schools of the na-
tional guaid,as follows,namely: every such appoint-
merit for any congressional district shall bo conferred
upon the person of the highest capacity, merit, and
qualifications, among the cadets of such district m one
of tho schools of the national guard, to be selected by
the academic board of such school, and nominated
to the Secretary of War under such regulations, not
inconsistent with the provisions of this act, as he may
S escribe; and three cadets in the United^States
ilitaiy Academy shall be annually appointed at
large from each school, to bo selected in like manner
from the whole numtfbr of cadets therein; and the
Assistant Secretary of War shall soapportion the
cadets of the several districts and territories that
all the cadets from the same district or JLerritory
shall be assigned to the same school; and all grad-
uates of said school shall, after their graduation,
Qerve three years in the national guaid, or Army,
Navy, or Marine corps of the United States. .
SEC 31. Andbeit further enacted. That m order to in-
sure uniformity in the national guard the Secretary
of War shall causeinspections of all tho organizations
thereof to be madoonco in two y ears by officers of
the regular Army, detailed for that purpose, who
shall report upon theirdiscipline; instruotionin mili-
tary duties and exercises; the stato of , their arms,
clothing, equipments, andaccoutermentsof all kinds;
the state of tne division, brigade, regimental, and
company books, papeis, and files; the seal and abil-
ity of their officers; the condition of all public prop-
erty; the fidelity and caro of officers responsible
therefor > and all other important matters affecting
tho efficiency of said troops.
Sec. 35. And be it further enacted, That tho salary
of tho Assistant Secretary of War, to be appointed
under tho provisions of this act, shall be $5,000 per
annum.
Skc. 36. And be it further enacted, That tho follow-
ing acts and parts of acts be, and the same are hereby,
ropoaled, namely; "An act more effectually to pro-
vide for tho national defense, by establishing a uni-
form militiathroughout the United States," approved
May 8,1792; " An act to provide for calling forth the
militia to execute tho laws of the Union, suppress
insurrections, and repel invasions, and to repeal the
act now in force for those purposes," approved Feb-
ruary 28, 1795, except tho sixth and ninth sections
thereof; "An act additional to and amendatory of
an act entitled ' A11 act concerning the District of
Columbia,'" appioved May 3,1802; 4 An act in addi-
tion to an act entitled 'An act more effectually to
provide for the national defense, by establishing a
uniform militia throughout the United States,'"
approved March 2,1803; " An aet more effectually to
Srovido for tho organization of tho militia in tho
'istrict of Columbia," approved March 3,1803; "An
act making provision for arming and equipping the
whole body of the militia of tho United States,"
approved April 23,1808; "An act supplementary to
an act entitled 'An act more effectually to. provide
for the organization of tho militia of the District of
Columbia,'" approved July 1,1812; and all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions of this
act; but no parts of acts repealed by tho acts hereby
repealed shall revive; and all State and territorial
laws onactcd to provide for organizing, arming, or
disciplining the militia, or calling forth the same, or
for organizing or maintaining troops in time of peace
whichshall conflict with the provisions of this act
shall bo inoperative after tho expiration ot ninety
days from and after the passage of thi3 act; and any
person who shall thereafter attend any drill, parade,
muster, encampment, or other military exorcise as
an officer, non-commissioned officer, or private of
any militia or military organization except the na-
tional guard herein provided for, or tho Army or
Marine corps of the United States, shall be guilty of
a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall bo
punished by a fiue not exceeding SI,000, or by im-
prisonment not exceeding one yoar, or both, at the
discretion of tho court, and shall pay the costs of
prosecution.
Mr. ROSS. I make the point that the bill
is an appropriation bill, and must have its first
consideration in the Committee of the Whole
011 the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. In what section does it
make an appropriation?
Mr. ROSS. The Clerk did not read the
number of the sections. I understood in one
place it declares a certain sum shall be appro-
priated and paid out of the Treasury to the
Secretary of War.
The SPEAICER. The Chair has examined
the bill, and finds no appropriation in it.
Mr. PAINE. I am familiar with the bill,
and I say there is no appropriation m it. 1
now move, by direction of the committee, the
following amendments:
Section four, lino sixty-one, after the word "re-
spectively" insert "but company officers may bo
appointed in any other mode prescribed by law m
such State or Territory;" so it will read:
3. The officers so elcctcd shall annex to the afore-
said oath their official certificate, in duplicate, set-
ting forth that they wero severally elected officers
of such company, according to law, and showing tho
timo and. placo of such election, and tho office to
which each was chosen, and shall thereupon trans-
mit on© oath and certificate to tho Governor of the
State or Territory and tho other to tho Assistant
Secretary of War; and if no fraud or illegality shall
appear in such organization or election the Gov-
ernor shall commission the said officers and assign
the companies so organized to regiments, brigades,
and divisions, but not before a sufficient number ot
such companies shall have been organized to consti-
tute, in accordance with the provisions of this act,
regiments, brigades, and divisions respectively ; but
company officers may be appointed in any other
mode prescribed by law in such State or Territory,
Scction four, lino sixty-nine, strike out from the
word "but" to woid "division" in line seventy, aa
follows: , ,, _ ^
I3ut four regiments of infantry snail constitute one
brigade, and two brigades 0110 division.
Section five, at end of line twelve, after the follow-
ing:" Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all persons
who shall enlist ia the national guard shall be held
for a term of sei\ice of three yeais from the date or
their muster in, unless sooner discharged; ana all
commissioned officers shall hold their offices until
the expiration ot three years from the date qi their
original muster in, unless sooner discharged : ana
all officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates
who shall have honorably served until the expira-
tion of such term shall, at .their option, be exempt
from further military service in time of peace, but
