1252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.
February 14,
shall be liable to enrollment thereafter in the en-
rolled militia under the age of forty-five years, and
shall bo eligible to commissions until fifty-five years
of age," add these words: "and shall not be dis-
qualified therefor by wounds or disability incurred
in the military, naval, or marine seryice of the Uni-
ted States."
Section eight, line four, after the word militia
insert the words " and also such other officers of the
staff of the commander-in-chief as shall be provided
for by law;" so that it will read: _  
Sec. 8. And be itfwrther enacted. That in addition
to the officers provided for i,n the preceding sections
of this act, there shall be in each State and Territory
a commander-in-chief and an adjutant general of the
militia and also such other officers of the staff of the
commander-in-chief as shall be provided for by law
therein, &c.
Section ten, line three, strike out the word each
and insert in lieu thereof the word4'such."
Section twenty-one. lines thirteen and fourteen,
strike out the words each regimental and company
commander, when so responsiblefor public property."
Section sixteen, lines fourteen apd fifteen, strike
out the words "Assistant Secretary of War" and
insert in lieu thereof the word " Governor."
Mr. LE BLOND. I call the yeas and nays
on agreeing to the amendments reported by
the committee.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 28, not voting
61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison,'Ancona, Anderson,
Arnell, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Benjamin, Bidwcll,
Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Bromwell, Broomall, Buck-
land, Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb. Cook,
Cullom, Darling, Davis. Dawes, Defrees, Deming,
Dixon, Dodge,Dumont. jFarquhar, Ferry, Glossbren-
ner, Grinnell, Abrier 0. Harding, Hart, Hawkins,
Henderson, Hill. Hooper, Chester!). Hubbard, Demas
Hubbard, John M.Hubbard, James B.. Hubboll, Hul-
burd, Hunter, IngersoU, Joneses, Julian, Kelley,
IColso, Kefcehara, Koontz, Kuykendall, Lafiin, La-
tham, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan,
Longyear, Lynch, Maraton, Marvin, Mavnard, Mc-
Ciurg, Mclndoe, McJEtucr, Mercur. Miller, Moor-
hend, Morrill, Morris. Moulton, Myers, O'Neill,
Paine, JPikc, Plants, Price, John H. Riue, Rollins,
Sawyer, Schenek, Scofield, Sloan, Spalding, Starr,
Stokes, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Francis
Thomas, Upson, Van Aernam.Burt Van Horn, Rob-
ert T. Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner, William
B. Washburn, Whaley, Stephen 1?. Wilson, W infield,
and Woodbridge—101.
NAYS—-Messrs. Bergen, Campbell. Cooper, Daw-
son, Denison, Eldridge, Goodyear, Aaron Harding,
Hise, llogan, Edwin N. Hubhell, Kerr, Le Blona,
l^eftwioh, Marshall, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Rit-
ier. Rogers, Ross, Shnjiklm, Sitereavos, Strouse,
Tabor, Thornton, Andrew II. Ward, and Wont-
worth—28.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Delos R, Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Boat-
woll, Boyor, Brandegce, Bundy, Ohanler, Conkling,
Culver, Delano, Donnelly, Driggs.Eckley, Eggleston,
Eliot, X^arnsworth, Finck, Garfield, Griswold, Hale,
Harris, Haves, Higby, Holinos, llotchkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Humphrey, Jones, Kasson, McCnllough,
MeKee, Newell, Orth, Patterson, Perham, Phelps,
Pomeroy, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William II.
Randall, Raymond, Alexandor H. Rice, Rousseau,
Shellabarger, Stevens, Stilwell, Thayer, John L.
Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge, Elihu B. Washburne,
Henry D. Washburn, Welkor, Williams, James F.
Wilson, Windom, ana Wright—61.
So the amendments of the committee were
agreed to.
bounty bill.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] is entitled to the floor by the unani-
mous order of the House on the 29th of Jan-
uary, that the bounty bill reported by him
should be taken up and made the special order
after the morning hour. It is now reached in
its regular order.
Mr. MORRILL. I wish to say that I shall
be compelled to leave this city to-morrow morn-
ing, and I.desire to make as much progress as
we can with the tax bill. I therefore ask the
gentleman from Ohio to yield to allow me to
move that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole upon the special order
to-day.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, under ordi-
nary circumstances I could not possibly yield,
nor can I now without a distinct arrangement
by which an hour may be agreed upon within
the next twenty-four in which we can get up
the bounty bill. I understand the gentleman
from Vermont is obliged to leave town on
account of a threatened domestic affliction. It
would be a violation of every sentiment of the
heart to decline under such circumstances to
give him the opportunity ho desires before
leaving, as he is compelled to go and leave the
tax bill in the hands of others who desire to
spend a little time upon it. I yield, therefore,
if I can have the unanimous consent that at
some'particular hour this evening or to-mor-
row this bill will be taken up.
The SPEAKER. Unless the House adjourns
to-night on some unfinished business, there will
be a morning HiSur to-morrow for private bills,
and at the close of that the bounty bill will
come up.
' Mr. SCHENCK, I ask unanimous consent
that when the House adjourns to-night nothing
that shall como up shall interfere with the bounty
bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can ask
unanimous consent that the House adjourn to-
night on his bill; that will bring it up.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to that understanding.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now understand that it
isagreed, by unanimous consent, that this bill
will be considered pending when the House
adjourns to-day, which will bring it up the first
thing after the morning hour to-morrow; and
therefore I give notice to all the friends of the
soldiers to be here when the bill comes up.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if to-morrow were not private bill day, the
adjournment of the House to-day, leaving this
bill pending, would bring it up to-morrow before
the morning hour, but to-morrow being private
bill day it will not come up until after the
morning hour.
keffnebeo and penobscot rivers.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the" House a communication from the
Secretary of War, in compliance with the act
of June 23, 1866, transmitting a report of the
ehicf of Engineers relative to the survey and
improvement of the Kennebcc and Penobscot
rivers; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
plattsburg harbor.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
in accordance with the act of June 23, I860,
transmitting a report of the chief of Engineers
relative to the survey of Plattsburg harbor;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed. «
hell gate, new york.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in compliance with the
act of June 23, 1866, transmitting a report by
the chief of Engineers relative to the survey
of Hell Gate, New York; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
commissioners to indian tribes.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, recommending
that an appropriation of $150,000 be made by
Congress to enable the Department of the In-
terior to send commissioners to all the Indian
tribes west of the Mississippi river; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
aud ordered to be printed.
laws of the territory of utah.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the laws of the Territory
of Utah; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on the Territories.
coast survey report.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the report of the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey for 1866 ; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, submitted the
following resolution; which was referred to
the Committee on Printing, under the law:
Resolved, That there be printed of the report of
the Superintendent of the Coast Survey for the year
1866 four thousand extra copies for the use of the
House of Representatives, and one thousand copies
for distribution from the office of the Coast Survey.
LIGHT-HOUSES.
Mr. LONGYEAR, from the Committee on
Commerce, by unanimous consent, reported a
bill to authorize the building of light-houses
therein mentioned, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, and
ordered to be printed and recommitted.
enrolled bills and joint resolution.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Rills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
and a joint resolution of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (S. No. 491) amendatoryof the sev-
eral acts respecting copyrights;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 263) for the
purchase of David's Island, New York harbor;
An act (H. R. No. 1128) to authorize payment
of prize money to certain officers and enlisted
men of the Signal corps of the Army;
An act (H. R. No. 918) making appropri-
ations for the service of the Post-Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending June 30,
1868, and for other purposes; and
An act (H. R. No. 1141) to authorize the
purchase of certain lots of ground adjoining
the Alleghany arsenal, at Pittsburg, Pennsyl-
vania.
evening session.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the House
take a recess from half past four o'clock to
half past seven o'clock this evening, to resume
at that time, in the Committee of the Whole,
the consideration of the tax bill.
The motion was agreed to.
tax bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into .the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules-were suspended ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Boutwell in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being bill of
the House No. 1161, to amend existing laws
relating to internal revenue.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will proceed
with the reading of the bill for amendments.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before the Clerk resumes
the reading of the bill I desire to1 offer an
amendment, to come ia at the end of line
thirty-nine, as follows:
That if any collector or assistant collector, assessor
or assistant assessor, inspector, district attorney,
marshal, or other officer, agent, or person, charged
with the execution or supervision of the execution
of any provisions of this act, shall demand or accept,
or attempt to collect, directly or indirectly, as pay-
ment or gift or otherwise, any sum of money or other
property of value, for the compromise, adjustment, or
settlement of any charge or eomplaintfor any viola-
tion oralleged violation of any provisions of this act,
except as expressly authorized by law so to do, he
shall be held to be guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall
for every such offense be liable to indictment and trial
in any court of the United States having competent
jurisdiction; and on conviction thereforshall be fined
in double the sum or value of the money or property
received or demanded and be Imprisoned in the' peni-
tentiary for a period n&t less than one year nor more
than ten years.
_ Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentle-man to
yield to me for a suggestion. His amendment
if adopted should be made to apply not only to
this act, but to the act of which this is amend-
atory.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will modify my amend-
ment in accordance with the suggestion of the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,} by in-
serting at the proper place the words "or of
the acts of which this is amendatory."
Now, it is well enough to remember that,
while we are with a sharp stick after the dis-
tillers who violate the law, there is probably a
little fraud and wrong upon our own side.
Now, within my own personal knowedge we
have in the State of Ohio agents of the Gov-
ernment who go about and arrest right and left
persons charged with violating the law, and
then offer to accept black-mail to compromise
and adjust these charges in a private and per-
