1928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. JOHNSON. The understanding was
that there was to be no debate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall not object to
that, as it was an understanding of the Senate,
provided the unfinished business, being the
act to amend existing laws relating to inter-
nal revenue, does not lose its place. If it can
be laid aside informally, so that it will be the
business before the Senate after the vote is
taken 011 the Colorado question, I have no ob-
jection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
before the Senate, being House bill No. 1161,
can be laid aside by unanimous consent, and
the subject named by the Senator from Ohio
be proceeded with.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And when that is fin-
ished it will be the order of business?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so if laid aside informally by unanimous con-
sent. It is moved that the Senate now pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill named by
the
the allowance of eight and one third dollars per
month to all honorably discharged soldiers of
the Army for the suppression of the rebellion
for the term of their respective service ; which
was referred to ihe Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. POMEROY presented a copy of an act
of the Legislature of the State of Kansas, re-
lieving the incompetent Wyandotte Indians
from the restrictions imposed upon them by
i the fourth article of the treaty of January 31,
I 1865, and subjecting them to the laws of the
State of Kansas relating to the descent of prop-
I erty and the conveyance of lands ; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
I lature of Kansas, in favor of the payment to
I certain soldiers of company G, eighth regi-
ment Kansas volunteers, first Array corps, of
' the amount of bounty money to which they are
entitled, and which they failed to receive, as is
alleged, through the fraud or negligence of an
Senator from Ohio, the bill returned by^officerandauthorizedagentoftheUnitedStates;
the President of the United States, with his
objections, for the admission of the Territory
of Colorado into the Union as a State.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
before the Senate. The question is, Shall the
bill pass, the'objections ot the President to the
contrary notwithstanding? and upon this ques-
tion the yeas and nays must be taken by the
provision of the Constitution.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Con-
ness, Cragin, Creswell, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Hen-
derson, Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane, Morrill,
Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Sherman,
Sprague, Stewart, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade,
Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Har-
ris, Hendricks, Johnson, McDougall, Morgan, Nes-
mith, Norton, Patterson, Riddle, and Saulsbury—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Fogg, Guthrie, and Sum-
ner—4.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On this
question the yeas are 29, the nays are 19.
Two thirds not having voted for the passage of
the bill, it does not become a law.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a resolution sus-
pending the sixteenth and seventeenth Rules
of the two Houses for the residue of the ses-
sion, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the joint resolution of the House No. 205,
for the erection of an equestrian statue in
memory of Brevet Lieutenant General Win-
field Scott.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore of
the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 588) for the relief of Rich-
ard Chenery ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1166) to authorize the
building of light-houses therein mentioned, and
for other purposes ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 205) for the
erection of an equestrian statue in memory of
Brevet Lieutenant General Winfield Scott;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 222) prohibit-
ing payments by any officer of the Government
to any person not known to have been opposed
to the rebellion and in favor of its suppression ;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 268) to pay
Lieutenant John H. Hamlin for military ser-
vices.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of honor-
ably discharged soldiers, late of the Army of
the United States, praying for the passage of
the bill, now pending in Congress, providing for
which were referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of an appropriation
for the erection of suitable buildings at Leav-
enworth, in that State, for a custom-house and
post office; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. STEWART presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Nevada, in favor of increasing
the size and capacity of the mint now being
erected at Carson City; which were ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
reports from committees.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 270) for
the relief of J. H. Riley, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee to Audit and Control
the Contingent Expenses of the Senate; which
was agreed to.
Mr. CRESWELL, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 899) in relation to the revenue-cutter
service, reported it with an amendment.
smithsonian report.
Mr. ANTHONY. TheCommittee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
additional copies of the .Report of the Smith-
sonian Institution for the year 18G6, have in-
structed me to report it back with an amend-
ment, and to ask its present consideration.
The amendment makes the resolution precisely
similar to the one we pass every year.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution, as follows :
Resolved, That five thousand additional copies of
the Report of the Smithsonian Institution for the
fear 1866 be printed, two thousand for the use of the
nstitution, and three thousand for the use of the
Senate, and that said report be stereotyped.
The amendment of the Committee on Print-
ing was to add the following proviso :
Provided, That the aggregate number of pages
contained in said Report shall not exceed four hun-
dred and fifty pages, without wtrod ruts or plates
except those furnished by the Institution.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
suspension of joint rules.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to take
up the resolution that has come from the House
suspending the sixteenth and seventeenth joint
rules for the last three days of the session.
There being no objection the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That! the six-
teenth and seventeenth joint rules of the two Houses
be suspended for the remainder of the present ses-
sion of Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Sen-
ate concur in that resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
suspension of the twenty-SIXTn rule.
Mr. DIXON. I submit the following reso-
lution with regard to the order of business,
which I desire to have laid upon the table for
the present:
Resolved, That the twenty-sixth speoial rule of the
Senate, with the exception of the last sentence of
the same, be suspended during the remainder of the
present session of Congress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be laid upon the table.
conference committee on indian dill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I find that other engage-
ments will prevent me from serving on the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
1039) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending 30th
of June, 1868. I am already on two other
committees of conference, and 1 trust the Chair
will relieve me from this one and appoint some-
body else.
The question being put, Mr. Sherman was
excused.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the vacancy
in the committee of conference be appointed
by the President pro tempore.
The motion was agreed to; and the Presi-
dent pro tempore appointed* Mr. Williams.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 32) to prevent the absence of
territorial officers from their official duties ;
A bill (S. No. 460) in relation to persons
imprisoned under sentence for offenses against
the laws of the United States;
A bill (S. No. 547) to amend an act entitled
"An act to extend the time for the reversion
to the United States of the land granted by
Congress to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from Amboy, by Hillsdale and Lansing,
to some point at or near Traverse bay, in the
State of Michigan, and for the completion of
said road,'' approved July 3, 1866; and
A bill (S. No. 550) to amend an act entitled
"An act authorizing the construction of a jail
in and for the District of Columbia," approved
June 25, I860.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bill and joint resolu-
tion, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1233) to establish certain
offices for the assay of gold and silver in lieu
of certain branch mints heretofore established;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 301) in relation
to the laws passed by the Legislature of the
Territory of New Mexico.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I call for the order of
the day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(H. R. No. 1161) to amend existing laws relat-
ing to internal revenue is now before the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole, the pending
question being on the following amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson.] to add to section one the following
proviso:
Provided, That on and after the 1st day of Septem-
ber, 1867, a tax of two cents per pound only shall be
levied, collected, and paid on any cotton produced
within the United States.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that I think
this amendment ought to be adopted. If we
have a large crop, say three million bales of
cotton, the price must fall, and the tax as now
fixed by law will be very heavy. This tax was
fixed at a time when the price of cotton was
very high; and I think it would bo liberal and
just to make this reduction of one third upon
the tax after September next. I do not wish to
take up any time in discussing it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will merely say that
this matter was discussed somewhat in the
Finance Committee, and the committee con-
cluded that it was best to leave the tax for the
