1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1929
present as it was, whether we have an increased
crop or not. If we have a large crop, of course
the price will fall. It is a matter about which
I have no particular feeling, and cannot tell
oue way or the other what will be best. I shall
ask for the yeas and nays upon it. It is a very
important question. I think it would be likely
to create difficulty, and one great difficulty about
it is that it would be likely to embarrass the i
passage of the bill at this late stage of the ses-
sion.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to offer an
amendment to the amendment as a substitute,
which I send to the desk.
The Secretary. It is proposed to amend
it by adding:
And provided further. That no tax shall be levied or
collected on cotton grown after the passage of this act.
Mr. HENDERSON. My design was to offer
it as a substitute for the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. However, it may be
added to it. The Senator from Massachusetts
proposes that after this date a tax of two cents
shall be levied on cotton. That would apply to
the present crop now in the hands of planters.
My amendment is not inconsistent, however,
with his. It is that after the passage of this
act no tax shall be levied upon cotton grown
hereafter; that is, upon the coming crop, the
crop that will be planted in the course of the
next month or two. I do not know that it is
at all inconsistent, and it may very well be
added to the amendment. I call for the reading
of the Senator's amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Wilson.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri moves to strike out all after
the word "that" in the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Massachusetts, and to
insert:
No tax shall be levied or collected oil cotton grown
after the passage of this act.
Mr. WILSON. The tax now is three cents
a pound. I propose to amend it so that it shall
be only two cents after the 1st of September,
and the Senator from Missouri proposes to
make all cotton grown after the passage of this
act free. It is a plain question. I think we
ought to have some tax, but I think we ought
to make a reduction.
Mr. HENDERSON. I offer my amend-
ment as a substitute for the Senator's amend-
ment, and that will leave the present crop to
be taxed at three cents. The Senator will see
that his amendment might operate unjustly.
If the tax has been paid upon a portion of the
crop heretofore grown, it would be but just
that the same tax should hereafter be paid
upon that crop. I have no objection to sub-
jecting the existing crop already grown, now
in the hands of the planters, to the tax of
three cents; that is, to make it equal upon all
planters.
Mr. JOHNSON. Do you think we have the
authority to impose it ?
Mr. HENDERSON. No, sir, I do not;
but as the Senate has so decided, and the legis-
lation of the country has so fixed it, I would
not make a discrimination between them, and
the Senator will see that possibly it might
operate in that way. My amendment is per-
fectly just, because the planter's hereafter will
grow the cotton with a full knowledge that no
tax is to be levied upon it.
Mr. President, I will make but one remark
with reference to this matter. It seems to me
the strangest policy in the world to levy this
tax. I cannot understand it. Senators differ
with me in regard to the propriety of it; but
I can state, from some knowledge which I have
on this subject, that unless an amendment of
this sort be adopted to this bill or some other
bill, and some encouragement for the produc-
tion of cotton in the southern States shall be
held out to the planters, but very little cotton
will be grown the coming year. It is an inter-
est that we ought rather to foster than to bur-
den. In my judgment, it would be better for
this Congress to pay a premium or a bonus for
the growth of cotton than to tax it. That is
my honest judgment. I take into considera-
tion the present condition of our finances ; I
take into consideration the condition of the
country in the South, where there is almost
starvation existing, and it is threatened to be-
come even more alarming than it is now; I
take into consideration the condition of the
negro population in the South, to whom we
are annually appropriating large sums of
money; and I would rather encourage them
to support and take care of themselves in this
way.
Last year numbers of men from my State
went to the southern States to grow cotton;
and each and every one of them, so far as my
knowledge extends, came home a broken mer-
chant. The production of cotton in the pres-
ent state of affairs, with the present legislation,
with the incubus of this tax resting upon it,
will not be carried on to any very great extent
in the southern States. We need it because it
is an article upon which we can build up ex-
change and restore the disordered condition of
our finances. We need some two or three
hundred million dollars as an exchange in
Europe made upon the sale of this article, and
we should encourage its growth and exporta-
tion. Instead of sending our bonds to Europe
to be hawked about in the markets to create
an exchange for our merchants and business
men to draw upon, we should encourage the
production of an article which can be made
better and cheaper in this country than in any
other part of the world. In the present con-
dition of labor in the South, the southern
country now threatened to be flooded with the
rise of waters in the western rivers, and with
the general poverty existing among the plant-
ers and the negroes, I for one believe that it
would be the best possible stroke of policy on
the part of Congress to adopt this amendment.
One other idea and I shall have done. We
complain now that the southern people are still
rebellious in their disposition ; that they have
not accepted the situation ; that they are still
opposed to the Union. Will not the adoption
of this amendment tend to send among the
people of the South a large immigration?
Northern people will go there to produce this
article of cotton. They will be tempted to go
there by the idea of profit; and all who go
there will carry with them the sentiments of
attachment, as we suppose at least entertained
by the people of the North to the Union. Will
it not have a tendency to mix and commingle
the people of the North and of the South, and
to do away with much of this clannish and sep-
arate feeling which originally brought about the
war, and which in our judgment yet threatens
to keep up an ill-feeling between the North
and South ?
I do sincerely hope that this amendment
may be adopted. The small sum that we col-
lect from the article is no consideration at all
in comparison with the great injury that we
inflict upon the country at large. It is de-
manded, in my judgment, by the manufac-
turers themselves. Every manufacturer of the
northern States should be in favor of taking
this tax from the raw material. And let me
suggest that there is not a tax levied upon an
agricultural product except this one. It is
often supposed that we have levied it, because
it is the only article from which we can get a
large tax from the southern States. It has
been said that we get no tax from the rebel-
lious States except upon the article of cotton.
That may be so. We may get, and we do get,
but a small tax on this article, and the reason
is quite apparent. We shall get but little rev-
enue from there until we revive the industry
of the South, until we carry back there again
the hum of industry, until we make the people
contented and satisfied, and get them to till
the soil as they formerly did, because the cul-
tivation of the soil is the most profitable pur-
suit in those States. They can grow an article
of cotton better than is grown anywhere else.
If we encourage the growth of cotton we en-
courage all branches of industry in the south-
em States. We then make it necessary to grow
sugar. We then make it necessary to build up
manufactures there. We then make it necessary
for those people, and we enable them thereby, to
buy the manufactures of the northern States,
and in that way we benefit not alone the people
of the South, but in my judgment we benefit
the people of other sections of the Union more
than we benefit the people of the South. I
have said enough, and I hope the amendment
will be adopted.
Mr: JOHNSON. I have two objections to
the tax on cotton. The first is that I do not
believe we have the power to impose it; and
that is a question which I have examined with
as much care as I could, and formed very de-
liberately that opinion. The next is that if
we have the power it is very bad policy to ex-
ercise it at this time, for tht> reasons stated by
the honorable Senator from Missouri. We are
now called upon to protect, and the Senate has
protected by passing the tariff bill, and a large
majority of the Senate are willing, I am sure,
to protect, nearly all the manufacturing inter-
ests of the country, and what may be called the
agricultural interest of the country. We are
now called upon to protect the wool-growing
interest, which is a very large and increasing
one. But here is a commodity much more im-
portant to the United States, in my Judgment,
than the woolen interest; and particularly in
the present condition of the country. We are
imposing a tax which, I have information as
well as the honorable member from Missouri,
has tended very much to diminish the growth
of cotton, and which promises to defeat it
altogether if the tax shall be continued.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on -the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. PESSENDEN. That is to take off all
the tax.
Mr. HENDERSON. On all cotton grown
after this date; but to leave it on the present
crop. I ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Foster, Fowler, Headerson, Hendricks,
Johnson, Nesmith, Patterson, Riddle, Saulsbuiy,
Sherman, Sprague, Van Winkle, Wiiley, and Wil-
liams—19. „ T,,
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Conness, Creswell. Ed-
munds, Fessenden, Grimes, Harris, Kirkwood, Mor-
gan, Nye, Pomeroy. Ramsey, Ross, Stewart, Sumner,
Trumbull. Wade, Wilson, and Yates—If.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown. Chandler, Cowan, Ori-
gin, Fogg, Frelinghuysen, Guthrie, Howard, How ,
Lane, McDougail, Morrill, Norton, and Poland—14.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, and upon that question
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have had some experi-
ence in the planting of cotton tor the last three
years, and I have yet to learn of a single in-
stance where the money invested in that enter-
prise has brought any profitable return. I
know of no agricultural interest except that
which has not brought a profitable return, and
I know of no other agricultural interest in this
country to-day that suffers under the burden
of a tax of this description. Under those cir-
cumstances, it seems to nae very clear that
there should be some reduction of this tax.
If it is wise to encourage the cultivation of
cotton, it is certainly unwise to impose this
burden upon it that will prevent its cultivation.
Sir, you depend entirely upon this product to
pay your indebtedness. Without it your coun-
try is to-day bankrupt in every particular. As
certainly as you continue the burden to the
extent that you have for the past three or four
years, so certainly will you curtail its pro-
duction and drive it ont of the producing
States of the country; and it is well that you
may be warned in time. I speak, sir, from
a knowledge of the Mississippi valley, lrotn a
knowledge of the Red river section, from >
a knowledge of the upland countries, from a
knowledge of the Sea island cultivation ; and
I have yet to learn, and I challenge contradic-
tion in that respect from any Senato', where
