1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
489
Mr. CRAGIN. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion to the Senator.
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Senator has just been
argaing that these appointments practically
are made by the collectors and assessors. I
ask him if they do not know these men?
Mr. HOWE. Well, yes, I go ess they do,
Mr. President; but I do not think they know
them any more when the Secretary of the
Treasury or the Secretary of the Navy appoints
them than they would if the appointment was
given to lie President; no more in the one
case than in the other. Undoubtedly they
know something about them. I am inclined
to think they know a little too much about
them. The trouble is that those who represent
the people of these States, and who by the
Constitution are charged with the work of
supervising the selection of these servitors, are
not consulted, have no voice in the matter,
have no control over it, because we have relin-
quished it, given it up. We who stand nearer
than either the President or the head of any
Department to the people shirk this duty and
throw it upon somebody else.
Mr. President, I did not mean to belabor the
Senate a great while upon this matter, and
yet I am extremely anxious to see the amend-
ment adopted or anxious to hear some reason
assigned why the amendment should not be
adopted. As I intimated at the outset, if it is a
proper thing to be done at any time, why not
do it on this bill as well as on another ? This
bill is working toward the same end. The Sen-
ator from Vermont certainly does not mean to
urge that he has a copyright to this bill and that
any amendment would be an infringement of
his right in it. No one seems to assert anything
of that kind. Why not put it in here? This
paper on which he has drawn the bill is not too
good to carry this proposition if it is a good
proposition. If it is not a good proposition,
tell us whyit is not. But when you tell us that
it is not wise, not judicious to take from the
President the power over these other officers
whose salaries are over a thousand dollars, I
think you will have instructed me that it is not
best for you to interfere at all; put your hands
in your pockets where they have been for the
last year; let the President go on ; and if I was
not in the Senate I should say run the machine,
but I believe the expression would not be be-
coming in this place. I think it is best, at all
events, for us to do our duty and our whole
duty, or let it alone entirely and let somebody
else do it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I think it
is best for us to do our whole duty, or else to
let it alone, and I do not think it best to let it
alone; but I think one of our duties is, when
we are passing measures, not to let the enthu-
siasm or the fanaticism of a little feeling of
resentment and revenge, just resentment if you
please, and just revenge as far as revenge can
be just at all, run away with our common
sense. The Constitution provided, and pro-
vided with a foreseeing eye to the future, that
the appointment of inferior officers might be
submitted by law to certain tribunals, not the
Senate; and the obvious reason for that—it
need not be enlarged upon—is the necessary
convenience of the merely mechanical admin-
istrative operations of the Government. The
larger the country grows and the more diversi-
fied become the necessary administrative func-
tions that it- is obliged to carry on, the more
necessary it is, from mere reasons of conven-
ience and good policy in the administration
of the Government, that those minor offices
should not be a burden and a curse to us as the
advisers of the President in the selection of the
general agents of the Government to carry on
its operations through their subordinates, but
that these subordinates ought to be selected in
some other way. And the committee, of which
the Senator has spoken, have reported to the
other House a bill which provides how these
subordinates shall be selected and how they
shall be continued in office. That bill, how-
ever, seemed fit to us in quite a different way
from this one; and it relates entirely to the
inferior offices, merely mechanical, so to speak,
most of them, which only require a certain
degree of intelligence, and which, when that
intelligence is sufficient and the party is ap-
pointed, ought to entitle him to make a life
business of it if you please, and to continue to
serve the country in that capacity as he would
in any o'ther calling until there shall be some
fit and sufficient reason for changing him; and
we propose to allow him to have promotion in
the regular and proper and fair way, and all
that.
We have submitted our views, as I have said,
in a bill on that subject. They may be right or
they may be wrong. In reporting this bill,
however, we have not undertaken in any man-
ner to decide the question what officers ought
to be appointed by the concurrence of the Sen-
ate, and what not. This bill has nothing what-
ever to do with that question. It merely un-
dertakes to readjust, according to what we
conceive to be the true construction of the
Constitution, the respective functions of two
great departments of the Government. That
is what we propose to do; and it is entirely
immaterial to the consideration of that ques-
tion whether A B or C D ought to be ap-
pointed by the concurrence of the Senate, or
whether he ought to be appointed by the head
of a Department. This bill goes upon the sup-
position that, given that the appointment of
certain officers is by law to be by the concur-
rence of the Senate, the question then is how
are they to hold their office and how are they
to be removed. That is the point which this
bill makes, and that is all.
I say, therefore, that the proposition which
is now introduced, and introduced obviously
without a particle of knowledge on the part
of my friend from Wisconsin, as to the exten-
siveness of its operation, taking his own words
and the Blue Book together for the proof of
what I say, has no relation at all to the sub-
ject under consideration ; and in my judgment
it is improper in itself for the reasons which I
gave yesterday, and which were given more at
large by my friend, the Senator from Maine.
I am not going to spend a great deal of time
on this topic ; but I will call attention to the
state of things in the Post Office Department
alone. I find in running over the Blue Book
that the list of clerks in the post offices all over
this country whose salaries and emoluments
amount to more than one thousand dollars a
year is over three hundred and thirty, and my
friend can count them up as I have—nearly
three hundred and fifty.
Mr. HOWE. Do they come under the
amendment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly they do, be-
cause they are not departmental clerks, and
they are" in the service of the Government.
Mr. SUMNER. They are not appointed by
the head of a Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The exception in the
amendment is simply of clerks in the Depart-
ments.
Mr. SUMNER. They are not appointed by
the head of a Department, but appointed by
the various postmasters.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no; the nomina-
tions arc sent by the postmasters to the Post-
master General.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They are appointed in
exactly the same way that the clerks all over
the country administering the functions of
every one of the other Departments are ap-
pointed; that is, the head of the Department
here has a controlling voice as to who those
clerks shall be. Then, take the custom-
houses, if you please; there are hundreds of
night-watchmen, whose only necessary quality
is that of simple fidelity as a sentinel, whose
compensation is more than one thousand dol-
lctlts ft y0
Mr. SUMNER. Are they appointed by the
head of a Department?
Mr. EDMUNDS. They are appointed by
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. SUMNER. The night watchmen?
Mr. EDMUNDS. A night watchman and
every other employ^, except a day laborer, in
the custom-house is appointed in that way, pro-
vided he is appointed in the way the law re-
quires that he should be. I want to repeat
again, for the information of my friends who
are plunging this amendment into this bill,
that every one of the appointees in the cus-
tom-house department of the United States,
excepting day laborers—and they have to be
authorized by the Secretary of the Treasury in
advance—is appointed by the Secretary of the
Treasury upon the nomination of the chief
officer of the customs at the particular port,
wherever it may be. That is what the law says.
I do not say that persons are not sometimes
appointed in some other way; but we must
take it in general that they are appointed in
that way. Their name is not legion, to be
sure; but they are a very numerous and a
very necessary body of public servants.
The great branch of the Government called
the Senate would engage in a most dignified
and useful occupation, indeed, if it spent its time
in endeavoring to settle between the collector
of customs at Burlington, Vermont, or at Mad-
ison, Wisconsin, if there is a port of entry there,
and the Secretary of the Treasury as to who
was the best man for a sentinel over a ship that
had just come in. The business of the Depart-
ment would get on famously in that way.
No, Mr. President, it will not bear the test
of investigation, and it is put forward, I ven-
ture to say with all respect to my friends, as a
measure of feeling instead of as a measure of
judgment which is founded upon any investi-
gation into the grounds upon which it is to be
carried out, or the circumstances which enter
into the extent and scope of the amendment
itself.
I do not claim, as my friend from Wisconsin
very properly states, any patent for this bill
which has been reported, or any copyright in
it. It is not my bill; it is the bill of my hon-
orable friend from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,]
somewhat amended, and he does not claim any
copyright. But we claim, as Senators having
charge of a measure, and being in some degree
responsible for the propriety of its details, that
gentlemen who have not investigated another
branch of the subject which is under consider-
ation elsewhere should not, without a fair state-
ment of reasons in opposition to it, cover it by
an amendment which, in the first place, has
nothing whatever to do with the bill, and which,
in the next place, cannot be under the kind of
investigation we are making of it, properly
understood, and to which, if it were properly
understood, in my judgment, three fourths of
the Senate would be opposed.
Mr. HOWE. I rise more to repudiate an
imputation thrown out by the Senator from
Vermont in the outset of his remarks than for
any other purpose. I must protest now and
always against the imputation that what I say
on this bill or any other is dictated or animated
at all by my personal or my political resent-
ments. 'I llave had occasion to disclaim that
once or twice before. I know, sir,.that I am
engaged here in debating a proposed amend-
ment to the law of the land; and I want that
law when it is agreed upon, if I like it—I shall
like it a little if you pass it as it is ; I shall like
it better if you put this amendment upon it—
I want it to remain on the statute-book, not
merely to the end of President Johnson's Ad-
ministration, but to the end of the Administra-
tion-that shall succeed his, and all succeeding
Administrations. I am legislating for no par-
ticular Administration. And I want to say
further right here that if I am animated by any
resentment at all, which I do not think is the
case, it is directed as little toward the Presi-
dent as it is toward myself and those who sur-
round me here. -He has done things in the
exercise of this prerogative which I think ought
not to have been done; but the things he has
done we loft here at the end of the last session
knowing that the authority was in his hands to
do; and he had, not our explicit consent to do
the particular things, but lie had knowledge
