1930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
money has been invested in this production
that it has had a profitable return.
Mr. FOWLER. I regret very much, sir,
that the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri was lost. I think it very bad policy to
impose so high a tax upon an article that has
yielded recently, and even formerly, under the
very best circumstances, when labor was thor-
oughly organized, a bad return to the capital
invested in it. In my own State, which is a
▼ery good cotton-producing State, the most
intelligent and the best farmers there would
not, under any consideration, raise a crop of
cotton on their farms, because of its exhaust-
ing character. The farmer who continues to
raise cotton grows poorer and poorer annually,
as the soil in which it is raised becomes poorer
and poorer every year that it is produced. It
will not yield anything like a remunerative
profit for the capital and labor expended in it.
It is unnecessary to discuss this question
longer; but I do hope that the Senate at any
rate will concur in the present amendment, as
it proposes a small reduction, and will do so
much in the right direction. Beside, sir, this
crop is to be produced by about four million
freedmen, who have recently been turned loose
from the state of slavery. They are the poorest,
most hopeless, and most helpless population
on the face of the globe at this time. This
tax comes off them entirely; and so far from
burdening them it is our duty to relieve them
as much as possible. In addition to that, we
need this crop for the purpose of supplying us
with the means of keeping up our commerce
with Europe. I hope that at any rate this
amendment will be adopted, though it does
not go as far as we ought to go.
Mr. POMEROY. The amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts I believe is to
reduce the present tax from three to two cents
per pound. I move to amend the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts by a still
further reduction to one cent. I think some-
thing might be collected from this source, but
three cents a pound is a very heavy tax. The
present tax is very heavy. If the price of cot-
ton should come down, as it will perhaps to
fifteen cents a pound, a tax of three cents will
be one fifth of the entire price of the article.
A tax of one cent is a large tax considering the
condition of the material. It is not a manu-
factured article. It is almost a raw material.
Some little labor beside raising it is expended
on itto clean it and bale it. My opinion is that,
considering the unprofitableness of the busi-
ness for the last few years, one cent is as large
a tax as ought to be collected. I move, there-
fore, to amend the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts by reducing it to one cent
per pound.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am opposed to tamper-
ing with this question in that way, because a
tax of one cent would not pay the expense of
collecting it. So many difficulties have arisen
in the practical collection of the cotton tax,
and the losses have been so great during the
past year, that I have made up my mind, as I
voted a moment ago, to repeal the tax entirely.
The law will have to be changed materially if
it is attempted to collect the cotton tax. The
whole system of warehouses and transferring
it from place to place that we have adopted is
not adapted to the country in which the cotton
is grown. But from what I learn from mer-
chants and others engaged in the business I
am satisfied when the cotton is brought in com-
petition in Liverpool with the cotton of other
countries the effect is, the whole of this tax
falls on our own producers; first upon the
planter who is engaged in raising it, then upon
our own producers, and finally upon the la-
borer, the negro who raises the cotton. I think,
therefore, public policy demands that this tax
should be entirely repealed. I do not want to
discuss it. I have a great many statistics on
•the subject, which at a more favorable season
I should like to present to the Senate; but
there is no time to do it now. I think we ought
to choose, therefore, between the present tax
of three cents and no tax at all. I am willing
to vote for the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts; but I think it would be much
wiser for Congress to abandon the tax after the
present year. I think the tax on the existing
crop ought to be collected; but as to all that is
grown hereafter it ought, in my judgment, to
be abandoned, and I should so vote.
Mr. HENDERSON. On all that ripens
hereafter?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We got last year about
seventeen million dollars in the ten rebel
States, $14,000,000 of which was from cotton.
Senators will see that by taking off the tax on
cotton you make considerable of a hole in the
revenue ; and I do not know how it is to be
made up.
Mr. WADE. How much?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Seventeen million in
the whole, and $14,000,000 from cotton ; so I
think it did somewhat more than pay the ex-
penses of collection, as my friend from Ohio
suggests.
Mr. SHERMAN. I spoke of the cent tax.
| Mr. FESSENDEN. The cent tax would
do something more than that, although it
would be a very large reduction. Now, sir,
I do not object to reducing the tax from three
cents to two cents, although I do not think
any harm would come from letting it stand at
three cents, as it is ; but I should be altogether
unwilling to go below two cents. That is a
question that has been somewhat debated, and
upon which the committee were somewhat
divided ; but I really hope this tax will not be
taken off. It is all we get, or shall be likely
to get for some time, in those States. Where
the tax falls I am not able to say. I suppose
it falls partly upon the producer, but mostly
upon the consumer of cotton.
Sir, 1 fear nothing from the competition of
which the Senator from Ohio speaks. The
production of cotton in other parts of the
world has been falling off since tne spasmodic
effort that was made to bring it up when it
seemed as if we would get no cotton from the
southern States. It has fallen off very much,
and will be likely to fall off more, because
there is no cotton production anywhere that
will stand the chance of coming in serious com-
petition with that which is raised in this country.
It will be very difficult to put on this tax
again after it is once taken off, and I am un-
willing to lose this source of revenue. I think
we ought to collect some portion of the hun-
dreds of millions which we collect from the
people of this country, from the southern
States; and I see no other point at which we
can aim than that which is now fixed. A re-
duction to two cents would leave the burden
a very light one comparatively; and taking it
off altogether would produce an effect upon
the revenue at the present time which I am not
willing to experiment upon, it would be an
experiment that I am not willing to try. I
hope the tax will not be reduced below two
cents. I hope the Senator from Kansas will
not urge his amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I would not urge any
amendment unreasonably, but I think myself
that two cents is a very large tax to be paid on
cotton almost as a raw material, especially when
the price comes to be reduced to fifteen or per-
haps fourteen cents per pound. Then it will
amount to one seventh or one eighth of the
whole price of the article. We do not tax any
product with as little labor expended on it as
there is on cotton anything like that amount.
The Senator from Ohio objects to a tax of
one cent per pound because he says it cannot
be collected without great difficulty. There
will not be half as much temptation to evade
the payment of the tax if it is only one cent
as there is when it is three cents. In the next
place, when cotton is baled, it is as easy to get
four dollars off a bale certainly as it would be
to get twelve dollars. As the law now is, you
take twelve dollars off it. If the amendment I
have moved prevails and becomes a law, you
get four dollars. Of course it is only one third
as much; but there will be less temptation to
evade it, and it is just as easy to collect. It will
only be one third as much; but still it will
amount to something; and if the crop increases,
and if this amendment should stimulate its pro-
duction, it might come up even to the amount
of revenue the Senator from Maine desires. I
want revenue of course as much as any one;
but let us stimulate production. Let us come
up to the old production of former years, and
then with one cent per pound we shall get as
large a revenue as we now get from a tax of
three cents
Mr. FESSENDEN. I apprehend that will
not make much difference; and I have no
belief whatever in the idea that you are going
to prevent evasion by reducing the tax. Dis-
honest men will evade the tax whether it is
large or small, and it will not make much dif-
ference to them. One singular fact has been
told me by the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue with regard to the whisky tax; and that
is that so far as they have been able to trace
up the frauds, (and they are very much more
successful now in ascertaining frauds than they
were before,) they find that they run back to
the time when the tax was sixty cents, and
there were just as many in proportion then as
there are now when the tax is two dollars.
We did not lose so much because the tax was
not so high ; but they can trace the frauds back
to the time when the tax was sixty cents a gal-
lon instead of two dollars. It will be the same
with cotton at a tax of one cent as well as at
two or three cents.
Mr.HENDRICKS. Itakesomeinterestinthis
question, and I did at the last session, because
I feel that it is the interest of the State which
I represent to encourage the productions of the
southern States; because when they become
again more prosperous, they will furnish a
market to our part of the country for much of
its production.
I understand the argument so forcibly put by
the Senator from Maine to be something like
this: during the last year we have received
from cotton $14,000,000 of revenue. Now, he
says, " Why make this hole in the revenue?"
Suppose that at the last session, or the session
before, there had been a tax of ten cents on
every bushel of wheat raised in the country;
perhaps that would have brought into the cof-
fers of the Government $14,000,000; would
it be said now that it must not be reduced
because you will make a hole in the revenue?
That argument of the Senator applies to every-
thing and anything that will yield a revenue.
But I think there overrides that argument the
consideration of good policy in developing a
great interest. The Senator from Maine knows
that cotton growing has never been so depressed
as it is at this time. They have been peculiarly
unfortunate; unfortunate in the grain that they
have sowed; unfortunate in the breaking of
the banks of the levees upon the rivers ; unfor-
tunate in their poverty, being unable to restore
their farms to their former conditions.
It is not a question of punishing the South;
it is a question of restoring prosperity to every
section, for when the South or the West or
the East is prosperous, I think every other sec-
tion shares in that prosperity. I think you
might just as well tax the bushel of wheat when
measured as to tax the pound of cotton when
weighed. I think you might just as well tax
the hogs that are raised in Indiana as the cot-
ton that is raised on a plantation in Louisiana.
I cannot see the difference. It is a tax upon
a raw material as produced by agricultural
labor. It is not the policy of the country to tax
that class of articles. You can realize reve-
nue from all of them. You can realize large
revenue by taxing the stock raised in the west-
ern States ; but yet we do not think it is good
policy. We want to encourage agriculture.
Every reason that will exclude our productions
in Indiana from taxation will apply, with per-
haps increased force, to this most depressed
interest. Therefore I shall vote for the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Kansas,
as perhaps the best we can get. I think cotton
ought not to be taxed at all.
