1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
can find time to exercise it, he has not got it
directly coming home to himself when every
man must make or may make-a particular and
specific approach to the President for an ap-
pointment. I confess that I do not see the
efficacy of the remedy.
As to the Supreme Court, I am surprised
that my honorable friend from Massachusetts
has stuck to any of his original ideas, for since
the dissatisfaction that has been expressed in
the country at a recent decision or two of the
Supreme Court I supposed of course that he
would say it would be better to cut them from
the appointment of their own clerks and their
own minor officers and their own doorkeepers,
and all that.
Now, sir, my objection to this legislation, in
the first place, is that it is running everything
into the ground. But the amendment pro-
posed by the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has this further difficulty about it,
in my judgment. The last clause provides
that all officers who have been appointed since
July 1, 1866, shall go out of office. Now, why
is that? There is no feeling with regard to
the exercise of the President's power, not the
slightest. There is no feeling on the part of the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin with regard
to the exercise of the President's power, not a
particle. All is calm as a summer's morning.
His heart is perfectly free from guile. He is
legislating for the great interests of the country
for all future time; and so is my honorable
friend from Massachusetts. But there is a
little clause there that everybody that has been
appointed since July 1, 1886, "shall go out of
office in order that we may have new appoint-
ments made, and that they may be sen* to the
Senate. Although I do not say that this would
be improper, it does strike me that it looks
a little as if there was something in this amend-
ment beyond merely legislating for future time
and setting all things right. I may be mis-
taken about it, but it has that look at any rate,
as if there was some object to be accomplished,
some particular thing to be done that nas ref-
erence not so much to the future as to the
past. Sir, in legislating for the country for
the future and upon great principles there is
danger sometimes that we may let the present
animosities and present feeling enter somewhat
into our consideration. I will say frankly that
while I wish to defend my friends in office and
will do everything that an honorable man and
a Senator can do to keep them in office,
bo far as they are worthy, 1 do not think that
the great object for which the Constitution was
framed was to parcel out offices to our friends
and keep them there ; and in my judgment any
legislation which looks as if we were directing
our attention to thjt particular thing with ref-
erence to individuals in office at the present
time, or who may be in the future, appears as
if we were thinking not so much of the country
as of particular purposes of our own.
Now, sir, I do not approve, I utterly and
entirely disapprove, without reservation, of the
action of the President in removing so many
men from office from among those who helped
to elect him, simply because they did not
choose to support his policy as against Con-
gress in a matter which belonged to Congress
and not to him. I say it here openly, so that
my position may not be misunderstood. I do
not approve, and I disapprove the whole thing.
It meets my condemnation. That the Presi-
dent has had occasion to remove some men
from office and appoint others for good reasons
I have no doubt. That in many cases when a
term of office expires it may be proper (and
this President has as much right to do it as any
other) to appoint somebody else in the place
of the previous incumbent is well enough. All
that may be. _ It is an exercise of power that
belongs to him. Nobody has a right to an
office to keep it forever. But the avowal of
the principle by the President or the head of a
Department (and it has been done I think
somewhat rashly, to say the least of it,) that
men were to be removed from office and others
appointed because they supported the Presi-
dent with regard to a policy npon a question
which did not belong to him but belonged to
the Congress of the United States, is, In my
judgment, utterly unjustifiable.
But, sir, while I say this, I do not think it
necessary on account of this temporary emer-
gency, this particular position in which we
happen to be placed at the present time, to
direct our legislation and spend our time so
much with reference to curtailing executive
power in the direction in which it always has
been exercised. That we have this difficulty
with the President is unfortunate. We must
take the consequences of it to a certain extent.
We shall not better it by legislation such as is
proposed in the last clause of the Senator's
amendment, that everybody whom the Presi-
dent has happened to appoint since last July
shall be turned out of office in order to have a
new appointment made to be sent to the Sen-
ate. Why not go back to a period anterior to
that and apply it to all who have been appointed
since the present Executive assumed power or
became the President of the United States ? I
think it is unwise; I think it has not a good
effect upon the country; I think it has not a
good effect upon public opinion ; I do not
believe it tends to elevate us if we spend so
much time upon a matter which is compara-
tively so unimportant.
I say, as I said before, so far as this subject
of appointments to office is concerned, I should
be perfectly willing to leave it where it was
and take the consequences, had not the Presi-
dent interfered, as he did interfere, under the
advice perhaps—I should say the bad advice—
as I am told (I have never seen the opinion)
of the Attorney General as to what he might
do with regard to men rejected by the Senate.
There comes a point where we are obliged to
stand upon our rights and upon our constitu-
tional duty. But what do gentlemen propose?
In addition to that which I admit to be neces-
sary, and which I am disposed to stand by, as
I avowed in advance I would be if the con-
tingency occurred, what do gentlemen pro-
pose? They propose to take up the Blue
Book and go through it, and say that the ap-
pointment of every officer they find there, and
if there are any outside of that whose names
are not in the Blue Book all others whose
salaries amount to $1,000 shall go, for the sake
of curtailing the President's power, directly
into the hands of the President himself, and
out of the hands of the Secretaries who now
make them. I asked one Senator the ques-
tion—the other was not in the Chamber at the
moment—to answer me, why stop at $1,000?
There is no limit on the principle upon which
this is advocated, a principle not recognized
by the Constitution, because the Constitution
expressly provides for these inferior officers in
another way. Senators must go further. They
must go down to the very bottom. Why not?
Every man who is in office has his degree of
influence. Why should we not scrutinize him?
Every tide-waiter can exercise political influ-
ence. It is put upon that ground. We now,
says the Senator, confirm all postmasters whose
salary exceeds $1,000 a year. What is the
reason of the limitation? Not that they exer-
cised political power, but that they were
important officers, for the reason that they
received that amount of salary. Why did it
not go lower? On account of the inconvenience
of the thing. Let me tell you your important
postmasters in important places do not exer-
cise one twentieth part of the political influ-
ence as a general rule that your petty post-
masters in country villages do, and are not so
important men, comparatively, compared with
the population that there is about them. They
are a different class of men altogether as a
general rule. Why not go to the bottom, then,
and take the whole upon the same ground?
The answer would be evident. You cannot
do it; the thing is too iuconvenient; it is too
burdensome. All the petty postmasters can-
not be appointed by the President. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts sajjs they may be
counted. The hairs upon bis he«d may be
counted; but I reckon it would take him some
considerable time to do it; it would be some-
thing of a job, because his head happens to be
well covered.
Well, sir, the same argument precisely
applies to these other office's. I was looking
over the Blue Book, and the list of offices in
the customs and other branches of the Treas-
ury Department alone occupies seventy pages
of the Blue Book, and perhaps one out of
fifty of them, certainly not more than one out
of twenty, is a man who is now nominated to
the Senate and confirmed; the rest are not.
Senators say this is a great, power. Unques-
tionably it i3; but power must be exercised
by somebody; confidence must be placed in
somebody. The heads of Departments are
selected by the Constitution as the proper
persons with whom to deposit this power of
appointment. Why? Not simply because the
men themselves may be understood to know,
but because it is necessary that they should
have the control of their own Departments,
and because they are supposed from their com-
munication with those under them and their
agents to know more of the proper men to be
placed in such offices than the President can
know, and better able to exercise that power.
That is the logic of the thing.
The appointment of men to minor offices has
gone on precisely in that way from the very
necessity of the case ever since the foundation
of the Government. What evil has followed?
None that has been complained of. Nobody
has complained to this day that by depriving
the President of the direct power of appoint-
ment of so many men his power has been
increased, and that the way to diminish it is to
say to him, " You shall appoint all of them."
Well, you might diminish it by that means, but
it would be in this way: you would impose
upon him a duty that he could not possibly
perform; he would not be able to decide upon
the hundredth part of the cases that came be-
fore him, and certainly he would not be able
to do anything else if he considered them at
all. Therefore, sir, I object to this proposition
again because I consider it utterly unwise. I
see no occasion, from the temporary evils
under which we are laboring to change a sys-
tem which has been so long established, to
utterly ignore all the experience of the past,
and to take from the places where the founders
of the Government deposited it a power of this
description, and where it has continued through
so many Administrations and been exercised
without complaint from anybody, simply for the
purpose of taking it here in order that finally
we may have a negative, if we choose to exer-
cise it. upon these petty appointments, which
are well enough made as they are now.
There is another thing. Adopt this amend-
ment here, and what is the consequence? The
provisions of the bill of the honorable Senator
from Vermont apply to it, and not one man in
all the custom-house offices in this country;
not one man of all the men connected with the
internal revenue; not one man in any depart-
ment, whatever and wherever he may be, in the
transaction of ordinary business, can be removed
durins; the recess of Congress. If an inspector
is unfit for his place you cannot remove him.
If a weigher orgauger is unfit you cannot re-
move him. If an assistant assessor is unfit you
cannot remove him. He may be suspended by
the President, and at the next session of Con-
gress we are to have the reasons given and the
name sent in to us for the removal of a tide-
waiter or something of that sort. Why, sir,
you could not, without increasing the force of
your Printing Office, print the number of eases
that would happen under such a regulation as
that. These officers are continually being
changed. Some die; some are found dishon-
est; some are found unfit for their duty. One
reason or another may render it necessary to
turn them out and put somebody else in their
J, places. It is every day's experience in tha
j Treasury Department. A day does not pass
I there, from the beginning to the end of the
I yoav hardly, in which the Secretary of the
