1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1255
to ninety million gallons, which ought to have
yielded the Government from one hundred and
twenty to one hundred and eighty million dol-
lars, the Government has received from this
source but twenty-nine millions.
Now, sir, one means whereby we seek to
prevent fraud is by requiring each man who
manufactures distilled spirits to procure a
license for that purpose, so as to cut off illicit
distillation by those who have no license what-
ever. Therefore the committee have deemed
it prudent to recommend that the license for
distillers shall be increased to $500 instead
of $100, as now provided by law. I am aware,
Mr. Chairman, that this provision will operate
harshly upon a class of small distillers who
may be worthy men; but on this question of
raising revenue the interests of these men must
yield to the public necessity, which requires
that the Government shall raise a large amount
of revenue from this source, thus relieving the
great producing and manufacturing interests
of the country from onerous and burdensome
taxation. _ I hope, therefore, that the House
will sustain the Committee of Ways and Means
in their efforts to make a stringent law on this
subject of whisky.
Mr. SLOAN. Mr. Chairman, I move pro
forma to amend the amendment by striking
out the last word. I am disposed, Mr. Chair-
man, to aid the Committee of Ways and Means
so far as 1 can in their effort to make a stringent
law to prevent fraud in the manufacture of
whisky. But I believe that committee were at
tGe last session of Congress laboring under a
great delusion, and I think that delusion is not
yet dispelled. The legislation adopted at their
instance during the last session proceeded upon
the principle that if we would crush out all'the
small manufacturers of whisky and monopolize
the manufacture in the hands of the large con-
cerns we would prevent fraud. I think the
result has been this: while the small distillers
were permitted to go on and manufacture, they
defrauded the Government out of about one
half the tax; and since the manufacture has
been concentrated in the hands of the large
manufacturers they defraud the Government
out of the whole tax. With this experience,
it seems to me it is about time that we should
reverse our system and abandon the policy of
trying to crush out the small manufacturers.
Why, sir, when the tax was but twenty cents
per gallon we derived an annual revenue of
$28,000,000, and when the tax was put up to two
dollars a gallon, under this system of concen-
trating all this business in the hands of large
manufacturers, I understand we only get about
eighteen million dollars of revenue, while one
hundred and fifty million to one hundred and
sixty million dollars is lost to the revenue
through the frauds perpetrated upon the Gov-
ernment by these largo manufacturers. I want
the House to understand that.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I believe the
gentleman who has just addressed the House
is somewhat under a delusion himself. I am
not aware that the Committee of Ways "and
Means has yet been able to concentrate this
business in the hands of any one ; but I am
aware in large places that these small distil-
leries with no license run stills in garrets and
cellars. They not only do not pay any tax
upon their whisky, but they do not even pay a
license t&Xi
Mr. MAYNARD. _ How is it, if they evade
this $100 tax, they will not also evade a tax of
$500, five times as much ?
Mr. MORRILL. We propose so far as pos-
sible to increase the risks, so as to deter men
from any violation of the law; and as one
step in that direction we put the amount of the
license tax so high that the man who runs a
ten-pot distillery will not go into the illicit
business with a heavy penalty like that we im-
pose hanging over him.
We have changed the law, and now impose
not only fine, but imprisonment. We think
that parties cannot afford to run the risk.
The question in regard to the amount of rev-
enue collected does not concern the small dis-
tilleries any more than the large ones. If the
gentleman were arguing against the tax of two
dollars a gallon I could conceive such refer-
ence would be pertinent.
Mr. THAYER. I aslc the gentleman from
Vermont if the statement of the gentleman
from Wisconsin, in reference to the amount
of revenue collected, is correct?
Mr. MORRILL. It is not absolutely correct.
Mr. THAYER. Is the dispi arity so great as
$18,000,000?
Mr. MORRILL. The amount we have re-
ceived under the largest tax is a little larger
than we received under any other.
Mr. SLOAN, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. DARLING. I move to strike out
"$500" and insert " $1,000."
Mr. Chairman, m the course of investiga-
tion by my committee in New York, Philadel-
phia, and Brooklyn, we have discovered that
in New York and Brooklyn alone there are
four thousand illicit distilleries, and the fact
stands upon record only one hundred licenses
were taken out in New York and seventy-one
in Brooklyn. And, sir, a great many of those
licenses have been given to distilleries that
have not returned forty gallons for one month,
which paid eighty dollars tax, while $125 was
paid to the inspector. This being so, how then
are they supported but by fraud? In the dis-
trict of Brooklyn, before September, 180G,
there were nearly one hundred licenses taken
out, and the same number continued on after
September, but only thirty-three took out
licenses. These illicit distilleries formed a
part of that "ring" in which the officers of
the Government were implicated with Devlin
& Co. These illicit distilleries only paid into
the Treasury of the Government $3,300, when
according to their capacity of production they
should have paid $20,000 per day.
Now, sir, I contend the only way in whicli
the Government is going to enforce its reve-
nue and to suppress these illicit distilleries is
to surx-ound and hedge in the manufacture with
all the instruments of power we possess, by the
imposition of large license tax, enacting severe
regulations, and requiring short periods for
inspection and report.
Mr. GARFIELD. Let me ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. DARLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. GARFIELD. Is it true, as I have heard
reported, this Devlin & Co. are now under
indictment and yet are still selling alcohol for
a little more than two dollars a gallon when the
tax is four dollars? Is that true?
Mr. DARLING. They have been selling
alcohol, but that is the product of whisky which
they got from illicit distillers, and as it takes
about two gallons of proof whisky to make one
gallon of alcohol, of coursc the tax on the alco-
hol would be about four dollars, but really the
tax is only two dollars.
Mr. GRINNELL. I would suggest whether,
instead of it being Devlin & Co. who are doing
this cheating, it is not Devil & Co. [Laughter.]
Mr. DARLING. As I did not see the horns
nor tail I cannot answer that question. [Laugh-
ter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROMWELL. It seems to me; Mr.
Chairman, that the gentleman from New York
proposes to lay a further tax on honest distil-
lers who take out licenses in order to punish
the men who transact business without a license.
I ask him if these men do not distill now in
spite of the law without a license? Now, what
will be the effect to raise the license on the men
who do take it out? Will there not be still
greater inducement for men to distill illicitly?
The gentleman says there are four thousand
illicit distillers. What is the cause of it? It
is a want' of honesty somewhere. Will the
addition of $400 to the cost of the license in-
crease the vigilance or honesty of the inspect-
ors? Is it not because the men who are ap-
pointed to look after these things have gone
hand in hand with illicit manufacturers that
we have to complain? How, then, can the
additional tax to be imposed on the men who
have violated no law affect the conduct of £he
agents of the Government and the illicit manu-
facturers? It seems to me if nothing can be
done to guard against illicit manufacture now,
when the inducements are less than they would
be undei' this proposition, nothing can be done
in the future by such an amendment as this.
Besides, every time that a new embarrass-
ment is laid on the small manufacturer he
is driven from the business, and it only tends
to monopolize the business. It goes into fewer
hands, that have more money to buy up the
agents, and in the end the community have to
pay much higher prices, while the manufac-
turer pockcts more money in proportion to
what the Government gets. The result is a
greater degree of demoralization and dishon-
esty on the part of the manufacturers.
Now, if this amendment was one which
looked at the character and morals of these
men, at infusing more vigilance and honesty
into these agents, I would favor it. The gen-
tleman^ from Iowa spetvjis of providing every
protection against this illicit business. What
protection is it against the fraud of A that B is
taxed the more ? What protection is it against
frauds if you tell a man that he must pay $400
more for a license?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. I think we have discussed
this subject far enough, and I move that the
committee rise for the purpose of terminating
debate on the pending paragraph.
The question being put, there were—-ayes 47,
noes 20 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morriil
and McKee were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 53, noes 50.
The committee accordingly rose; and the?
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Bout-
well reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly House bill No. 11C1,
to amend existing laws relating to internal rev-
enue, and had come to no resolution thereon.
OLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move that when the
House again resolves itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union all
debate on the pending paragraph be terminated
in ten minutes.
Mr. McKEE. On that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division, there
were—ayes fourteen.
Before the noes were counted,
Mr. McKEE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Momull
and McKee were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes thirty-five, noes not
counted.
So (the affirmative being more than one
fifth of the last vote) the yeas and nays were
ordered.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would suggest
to the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Mor-
rill] that in order to avoid the delay of taking
the yeas and nays he agree to let the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. McKee] have all the time
till the recess.
Mr. MORRILL. I have submitted that
proposition to the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. McKee] and he has declined to accept it.
Mr. McKEE. So far as I am individually
concerned 1 should not want more than ten
minutes; but there are other gentlemen who
desire to be heard, and therefore I am opposed
to the proposition to close all debate upon the
pending paragraph in ten minutes.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 63, nays 59, not voting
09 ; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Baldwin, Baxter,
Benjamin, Blaine, Boutwell, Broomall, Cobb, Cook,
Barling, Dawes, Deininsr, Dixon, Dodge, Eliot, Far-
quliar, Garfield,Griimell, Abner C.Harding, Hogan,
