492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
Treasury does hot have occasion to appoint
gome new officer and to remove some old one.
Is all that to be suspended and hung up during
the recess of Congress and until Congress
comes together again, and then are we to
have the reasons for it given to us? Sir, in my
judgment the whole idea is an absurdity. I
beg pardon of gentlemen for so characterizing
it, but it looks to me like an absurdity and
nothing else to try to ingraft this amendment
upon a bill of this description, or upon any bill.
Mr. COWAN. I rise, sir, merely to correct
what seems to be a misapprehension of honor-
able Senators as to the number of persons re-
moved by the President during the past year.
In the debate the day before yesterday the
honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,]
and I am sorry he is riot in his seat, made this
statement:
" Mr. Sherman said the bill contemplated nothing
that was unconstitutional. It simply asserted the right
of the Senate to a share in the appointing power, as
provided in the Constitution. The opponents of the-
bill had characterized it as revolutionary. He could
see nothing revolutionary in it. He agreed that it
was important to guard against the contingency of a
vacancy in office, but he believed this bill did so. If
Mr. Hkndkicks' amendment was adopted, he feared
the President would continue to reappoint mon who
had been rejected by the Senate. Of the two thou-
sand removals made by the President since last sum-
mer not one hundred had yet been reported to the
Senate. If the amendment of Mr. Hendricks were
adopted, the President would continue to withhold
these names, and reappoint them after the adjourn-
ment. In several cases theftPresident had reappointed
men rejected by the Senate. This was the ease with
the postmaster at St. Louis, and with the collector at
Philadelphia and internal revenueofficers elsewhere.
If he LMr. Sherman} believed the President would
try to harmonize with the Senate, and send in other
names after his nominees had been rejected, he
would be willing to let him fill vacancies during the
recess; but the President had manifested no such dis-
position."
Now, sir, it appears upon an examination
that the whole number of offices within the gift
of the President amounts to two thousand four
hundred and thirty-four. He has that number
of appointments; and the whole number of
removals amount to four hundred forty-six. I
mean civil offices. I suppose it will not be
contended here that there is any especial vir-
tue in a simple majority which entitles it to the
offices. No man can give any reason why
three hundred thousand voters in a State should
have all the offices in the State while two hun-
dred and ninety-five thousand voters in that
State have no offices at all. Not even those who
assail the President most sternly and unrelent-
ingly I.think will argue that there is any justice
and any propriety in that. If these offices be-
long to anybody and for any other purpose than
the public service itself, and if there is to be
any rule adopted for the guidance of the ap-
pointing power, perhaps that practice is just
as good as any other; but the minority would
be entitled to its share as well. Now, I sup-
pose it is fair enough to assume that at the
commencement of last year these two thousand
four hundred and thirty-four officers were all
members of the dominant party.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator has stated the
number of civil offices in the gift of the Presi-
dent. Perhaps he may be able to inform the
Senate of the number in the gift of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. If so, I would be happy
if he would inform us.
Mr. COWAN. I think I can. I will come
to that directly. I have that, too.
Then assuming, I say, that the incumbents
of the offices at the beginning of the last year
were members of the dominant party, the ques-
tion is whether it was not an abuse of power
previously exercised to confer upon them all
the offices of the country to the exclusion of
the entire rights of the minority. I think it is
more than likely that in that quarter the abuse
will be likely to be found, not in the rectifica-
tion of that error which has been occasioned
by the removals made recently by the Presi-
dent, because he has not as yet given to the
minority anything like their fair share of this
"spoil" and "plunder," as it is sometimes
called. But of the four hundred and forty-six
persons removed, I will venture to state that
four hundred of those put iu their places, four
hundred of the incoming officers, are also mem-
bers of this dominant party, men who voted
for the President, who voted along with the
majority of the Senate, but who happened to
differ afterward upon a question of policy, of
expediency, or, if you please, of constitutional
law.
I think I may say I know something about
how these removals were made, some of them,
and why they were made. I have no difficulty
in standing here in my place and saying that
all the removals that I know to have been made
by the President were of men who had no
respect not only for the Chief Magistrate of
the nation, not only for the nation itself, but,
I thought, for themselves. Senators are cer-
tainly aware that within the last year a great
deal of exceedingly offensive, gross, unwar-
ranted language has been made nse of toward
the President of the United States. I am sat-
isfied that there is not an honorable Senator
here who would not say that where an office-
holder, for whose conduct the President was
responsible, was guilty of that kind of im-
proper language and want of respect to his
superior officer, he should be removed. I do
not know a single case where an officer was
removed who conducted himself with a reason-
able degree of propriety and decency toward
the President. I know some who have been
removed who came to the President and pro-
fessed a great deal of friendship for him and
a great deal of enmity and hostility against
those who opposed him, and I know that after-
ward, when they found the current was run-
ning the other way, they proved false to their
promises and treacherous—first treacherous to
you; next, treacherous to the President. I
suppose a man who will tell a lie, who will be
guilty of even a political fraud, ought not to
be endowed with an office and kept in it per-
petually.
One word now with regard to the postmaster
at St. Louis. It will be understood that the
postmaster at St. Louis had been the post-
master there for four years before his nomina-
tion was sent again to the Senate, and if he
was sent in again after having been rejected it
was because it was thought that the Senate
acted under a misapprehension of the case.
With regard to the collector in Philadelphia,
we all know how that was. In that case the
appointee, I believe, was twice confirmed and
Mr. FESSENDEN. Who was that?
Mr. COWAN. Sloanaker. He was twice
confirmed and twice rejected, and I know that
a very considerable number of Senators belong-
ing to the dominant party were exceedingly
anxious that he should be reappointed again,
notwithstanding the rejection. I agree with
the honorable Senator from Maine, as I have
stated on the floor, that, in my judgment, it is
against the spirit of the Constitution to reap-
point the same person to the same office after
he has been once rejected by the Senate; yet
I do not look upon that as imperatively the
rule. I should never do it unless I was satisfied
that a wrong had been done to the appointee
by the Senate without being properly informed.
■But, sir, it is equally clear that the effect of
this rejection does not last forever. If a man
should be appointed collector for the port of
New York at this session and rejected by the
Senate and nominated ten years afterward,
nobody would pretend that that rejection would
disqualify him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He may be nominated
at the very next, session ; but he should not be
appointed during the recess after having been
rejected.
Mr. COWAN. Well, if the effect of the
rejection is simply to continue during the re-
cess, then it is divested of its difficulties.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He ought not to be
put in again without the assent of the Senate.
Mr. COWAN. I am not prepared to say
that I would agree to a distinction of that kind,
to so define the power and limit it, because I
have had my mind made up ou that subject for
twenty years. I had occasion twenty years
ago to look that question directly in the face;
and although I could not say it was bad law, I
did think it was a discourtesy to the coordinate
body and an improper exercise of the appoint-
ing power.
As I see my honorable friend from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] in his seat now, I beg to call
his attention to another thing. It was stated
by him that " of the two thousand removals
made, not one hundred had been sent in to the
Senate." The number that has been sent in
is three hundred and fifty-seven, and I believe
the Senate have acted upon but five. 1 do not
think that my honorable friend desired to ex-
aggerate about this matter and I have no idea
that he was desirous still further to disturb the
state of feeling now existing in the country by
putting things in a worse light than theyreally
are; but that is the fact. Four hundred and
forty-six removals out of twenty-four hundred
have been made ; three hundred and fifty-seven
of those have been sent to the Senate, and five
of them have been disposed of by the Senate.
Now, sir, it is unquestionably unjust to com-
plain of the President, that he has not sent all
these names into the Senate, when he is ahead
this session three hundred and fifty-two ap-
pointments now, and they are not yet acted
upon.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senator if that
includes military appointments?
Mr. COWAN. Oh, no, civil appointments;
and I will state the number of removals that
have been made in the different Departments,
as I have taken the trouble to get the infor-
mation on that subject. In the Department of
State there are three hundred andforty appoint-
ments,'and there have been ten new ones made.
In the Treasury Department there are nine
hundred and seventy-three appointments, and
there have been one hundred and ninety-nine
changes. In the Department of the Interior
there are two hundred and ten appointments,
and there have been twenty-one changes. In
the Post Office Department there are seven
hundred and nine appointments, and there have
been one hundred and ninety-seven changes.
In the office of the Attorney General there are
two hundred and two appointments, and there
have been nineteen changes.
Mr. GRIMES. What do you mean by
'1 appointments ?''
Mr. COWAN. Presidential appointments.
Now, sir, there is the sum and substance of all
this matter, and what does it amount to?
What is there alarming in it? Nothing alarm-
ing to anybody except to somebody who is
afraid of being turned out of office ; that is all.
Then the question rises, how long are these
people to remain in office ? Is any dominant
party in this country willing to put itself upon
the ground that they once in, shall remain and
continue in? I am very free to say that if I
understand the feeling of the American people,
it is directly against that system of perpetu-
ating one man in office. It has been said here
that the ballot educates; we ought to give the
ballot to men and women to educate them. It
is clear that offices educate, too, and hcnce the
old doctrine of rotation in office. One of the
merits of this Government is, that the offices
are within the reach of every man; but if when
a party gets in and gets control of the^ offices,
gets a dominant majority, they determine that
the President shall not remove unless with
their consent, what is that but saying, " We
have the key in our hands and will lock the
door and keep ourselves in and every one else
out."
Again, sir, a large number of officers were
appointed in 1861, when the Administration of
Mr. Lincoln came in. I believe the outgoing
farty did not grumble a great deal about it.
t was what they expected and what every-
body expected. It was only carrying out the
doctrine of rotation on a great scale. So
they went out with a good grace and others
came in. In the meanwhile, however, a new-
state of affairs took place in the country. We
have had a terrible war. Thousands and hun-
dreds of thousands of men abandoned their
