1-206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
pi
E]
Holmes, Hooper, John H. B bbard, Ingersoll. Kel-
ley,"Kelso, Ketcham.Laflin,WiUiamljawrence-, Lojag-
year, Lynch, Marston, Marvin, McKuer, Mcrcur. Mil-
ler, Moorhead, Morrill, Myers, O'Noill, Orth, Paine,
Porham, Price, Alexander 1!. Rice, John H. Rice,
Kollins, Scofield, Shellftbarger, Sloan, Spalding, Nel-
son Taylor, Trowbridge, Upson, Bart Van Horn,
Hamilton Ward, Warner, William B. Washburn.
James E\ Wilson, Stephen ]?. Wil?on> Windom, and
Win'ficld—63.
NAYS—Messrs. Anoona, Anderson, ArnellJOelos
B. Ashley. Baker, Barker, Bergen, Bingham, Boyer,
Bromwell, Buokland, Campbell, Cooper, Davis, Daw-
son , Delano, Eckley, Eldridge, Finck, Aaron Hording,
Hawkins, Hayes, Higby, Hill, Hise, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Edwin K. Hubbell, James R. Hubbell, Hurn-
-brey, Hunter, Koontz, George V. Lawrcneo, Le
jJlond. Iieft^ieh, Marshall. Maynard, McClurg. Mc-
Hee,Niblack, Nicholson',Noell,Phelps, Plants,Sam-
uel J. Randall, William II. Randall, Bitter, Ross,
Sl)anklin,Sit«roaves,Stokes,Strouse,Taber Natian-
iol G-. Taylor. Thayer, Thorn ton, Robert T. Van Horn,
Andrew II. Ward, Whaley, and Williams—59.
NOT VOTING!—Messrs. Ames, James M. Ashley,
Banks, Beaman. Bidwell, Blow. Brandegee, Bundy,
CUanler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney, Clarke, Conk-
ling, Cullom, Culver, Defrces, Denison, Donnelly,
Driggs, l)umont, Eggleston, l?arnsworth, Ferry,
Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Gnswold, Hale, Harris,
Hart, Henderson, Hotohkiss, Asahcl W. Hubbard,
Demas Hubbard, Hulburd, Jcnckea, Jones, Julian,
Kasson, Kerr, Kuykendall. Latham. Loan, MoCul-
lough, Mclndoe, Morris, Moulton, Newell, Patter-
son, Pike, Pomeroy, Kadford, Raymond, Rogers,
Rousseau, Sawyer, Sehenek, Starr, Stevens. Stilwcl),
Francis Thomas, JohnL.Thomas,Trimblo, Von Aor-
nam, Elihu B. Washburno, Henry D. Washburn,
Welker, Wontworth, Woodbridgc, and Wright—60.
So the motion that all debate upon the pend-
ing paragraph of the tax bill be closed in ten
minutes was agreed to.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a joint resolution of the
following title; when the Spoaker signed the
same;
Joint resolution (S. B. No. V>7) in relation
to ocean mail service between San Francisco,
in California, and Portland, in Oregon.
message fiiom the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed without amendment
bill of the House No. 452, to authorize the
Secretary of the Navy to accept League Island,
in the Delaware river, for naval purposes, and
to dispense with and dispose of the site of the
existing yard at Philadelphia.
tax hill.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House now resolve
itself into the Committeo of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the [Jnion (Mr. Boctwgll in the Chair) and
resumed the consideration of the special order,
being House bill No. 11(51, to amend existing
laws relating to internal revenue.
The CHAIRMAN. All debate' upon the
pending paragraph has been ordered by the
House to close in ten minutes. The pending
question is upon the motion of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Darliso] to increase the
tax on distillers from $500, as proposed by the
Committee on Ways and Means, to $1,000.
Mr. MORRILL. The committee is proba-
bly unaware of the effect which will be pro-
duced by the proposed change in the existing
law. _ I will therefore call attention to the two
provisos which will remain unchanged should
the amendment be adopted. The first proviso
is as follows:
distillers of apples, grapes, or
mip iS°ftmiWlafa0turinSfl% and less than
?)v?l I nflvffftv barrels per year from the same,
^ ^ y those distilling or manu-
facturing less than fifty barrels per year froin the
same shall pay twenty dollars.
That will remain unchanged even if the'pro-
posed amendment be adopted. The'next pro-
viso is as follows:
And provided further. That no tax stall be im-
posed for any still, stills, or other apparatus used by'
druggists and chemists lor the recovery of alcohol for
Pharmaceutical and chemical or scientific purposes
which has been used in those processes.
Now, after having made these provisions in.
relation to the distillers of grapes, apples, and
peaches, I think- we may be quite content to
raise the amount of license tax upon those
who distill alcohol from molasses or graiB.
Having said all that I desire to say upon
the subject, I will yield the remainder of my
"time to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Souenck.]
Mr. SCHENCK-. _ As all debate is to be
stopped upon this paragraph in afew:minutes,
I will say-very briefly, of course,- what I desire
to say upon this subject.
- The House having settled the principle that
where persons carry their milk, the product
of their farms, to an establishment to be made
into, cheese and butter, he shall not be exempt
from taxation. I n,ow- wish to extend that prin-
ciple to other things.
In my district we produce a great many
grapes, which are manufactured into wine.
Our wine-makers are all obliged to take out a
license as manufacturers. At the proper time
I shall move to amend by inserting after the
word "butter" the words "hominy, brooms,
cider, bread, sausages, sauerkraut, wine."
[Laughter. ]
Mr. SPALDING. I suggest to my col-
league that he add butter-milk.
The hour of half past four o'clock p. m.
having arrived, the Speaker resumed the
Chair, and the House took a recess till half
past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock.
tax bill.
Agreeably to order, the House resolved itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, (Mr. Boutweijl in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 1161) to amend existing laws relating
to internal revenue.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Darling, to strike out in line forty-
six the words "five hundred" and insert in
lieu thereof the words " one thousand," so as
to make the tax to be paid by distillers $1,000.
The CHAIRMAN. Under the order of the
House five minutes remain for general debate
on the pending paragraph.
Mr. WARD, of Kentucky, obtained the floor.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. With
the consent of the gentleman from Kentucky,
I desire to make a suggestion to the gentleman
who has charge of this bill. There is mani-
festly uot a quorum present; and as this is an
important section I would suggest that it be
passed over for the present, to be considered
when a quorum shall be here, and that we pro-
ceed now with thai portion of the bill to which
there is no objection,
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to the
suggestion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania?
Mr. MeKEE. I object.
Mr. WARD, of Kentucky. Mr. Chairman,
I have listened to the reasons urged by various
gentlemen with reference to the amount of
license to be required of distillers ; and I con-
fess that the reasons which have been presented
are in my judgment wholly insufficient to justify
the House in rejecting the amendment which
I have presented. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Darlixg] seems to think that the
license ought to be increased as a sort of pen-
alty upon men for practising frauds upon the
revenue. I would suggest to him that if he
wants to punish frauds upon the revenue he
had better attach the penalty to that clause
which imposes the punishment for the viola-
tion of the law. By-imposing this excessive
charge for a license, the man who has never
violated the law and has rro purpose to violate
it is required to pay a penalty. You impose-
the penalty upon the innocent in orderto pun-
ish the guilty. I desire to suggest-also that it
is the certainty of punishment* not- its severity,
which insures the execution of a law. It is the
Universal experience of all men that when you
impose-' extraordinary .penalties, the law is
always difficult of execution, and the penalty
is seldom inflicted.
I pass on to consider for a moment the rea-
sons urged by the distinguished chairman of
the committee [Mr. Morrill] who- reported
this bill. For his financial ability I entertain
the-highest respect, and I know that it is de-
servedly held in high esteem by the House;
tify the House in'voting against my amend-
ment. Now, -what if it?. Ha, urges in this
amendment an imposition of $500 as a license
tax instead of $100, as, provided by existing
law. Well, let us see how it works in figures.
As I remarked before the recess, I come from
a locality where the people are engaged ex-
tensively in the manufacture of whisky. If
this amendment to charge $500 for license be
adopted you will cut off at least ten small dis-
tilleries in my own county that will make on
the average fifty barrels a season, five hundred
barrels a,t forty gallons a barrel, twenty thou-
sand gallons in all, from which, at two dollars
a gallon, you derive $40,000-of revenue. Adopt
this amendment, and what do you get in the
shape of revenue? You reduce the number of
distilleries in that county to about ten or fifteen,
and you get $400 in addition to the present
license tax, or $6,000 in all. You lose §40,000,
and in return only get $6,000.
The gentleman's allusion to apples, peaches,
apd grapes was only a begging of the question.
There is no sort of grain which enters into
that manufacture. It does not touch the small
distilleries.
You reduce the revenue by this amendment.
What else do you do? Ypu create a monopoly
besides reducing the revenue, and you poison
the whole universal earth with mean whisky;
and besides that, as is suggested, you open the
door to fraud. It does seem to me the amend-
ment is obviously improper.
It appears, Mr. Chairman, whenever any
deficiency happens in the revenue you fall back
upon whisky manufacturers. What have they
done that they should be made the scapegoat,
for everybody on the face of the earth who
wants to get rid of some liability?
Mr. SCOFIELD. They can stagger under
a pretty heavy load. [Laughter.]
Mr. WARD, of Kentucky. If you keep this
amendment in,.you will have such an infernal
whisky that it will depopulate your party. [Re-
newed laughter.]
The question recurred on Mr. Darling's
amendment, to strike o>ut "$500" and insert
"$1,000."
The amendment was rejected.
The-question then recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Ward, of Kentucky, to strike out
" $500" and leave the license tax at $100 as
now.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 44, noes 15; no quorum voting.
Mr. GARFIELD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Garfield
and 'Mr. Ward, of Kentucky, were appointed;
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 49, noes SO; no quorum voting.
_ Mr. GARFIELD. I withdraw my opposi-
tion, but shall ask for a vote in the House.
The amendment was considered as adopted.
Mr. ELIOT. I have an amendment which
the Committee of Ways and Means do not
object to. Page 8, line forty-nine, after the
word "cheese" insert, "or of any tender of
wind-mills for grinding grain."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to insert before
the word "cheese," the words "hominy,
brooms, cider, bread, sausages, sauerkraut,
and wine." [Laughter.]
The amendment was adopted, with the under-
standing, there should be a vote oil it- in the
House.
Mr. McKEE. I-move on page 8, line forty-
five, after the word "less" to insert :
That section seventy-nine be amended, as follows:
In paragraph five strike out the words "twenty-
five dollars and Insert " iivo handrod dollars."
