1932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1',
direct us where we shall go to make up the
deficiency.
Mr. NYE. I voted with the Senator from
Maine to retain the tax upon cotton. I was
not aware that boots and shoes and all manu-
factured clothing were in the free list, but it
seems to me if that be so it is no answer to the
position that I assume. If the tax is taken from
those articles, I think, with great deference to
the'opinion of the Committee on Finance,
which the Senator seems to assume should be
controlling here, they have begun at the wrong
end to reform. Greater profits by far are made
upon the manufactured article that is manufac-
tured upon these machines than upon the
machines themselves. But, sir, if it be true
that the tax is removed from the manufactured
articles, then I insist that it should be removed
from the article that manufactures them. It
is the labor which produces, and from which a
little profit in its use is made as any other
machine known I think to our industries. I
do notknow how Wheeler & Wilson may stand,
but it is a thing patent, if the public papers are
to be credited, that there have been extensive
failures of manufacturers of machines of this
kind, and there is a very good reason for it
now. Heretofore there has been a large ex-
port of this article abroad. Now it is pretty
much stopped by the making of like machines
in other countries. I cannot see why these
machines alone should be singled out to pay
this tax, when I again assert that it is a known
fact that the most of the persons who purchase
them are poor females. Senators upon this
floor have time and again been asked for dona-
tions to buy some unfortunate young lady here
a machine to support herself. This tax falls
upon a class of people ill able to pay it, and
that is the reason why I have interposed in
behalf of this amendment.
Mr. DIXON. I believe it is true that some
of the larger establishments for the manufacture
of sewing-machines have been heretofore profit-
able, ana I do not know but that they now are;
but I will state that a great many manufactories
are now springing up over the country for the
manufacture of an article of sewing-machine at
a low price comparatively, which is very much
used by the clpss of persons to whom the Sen-
ator from Nevada has alluded. Now we pro-
pose to place a tax upon them all. That tax,
of course, must raise the price, and must come
very hard upon that class of people whose great
ambition is to own a sewing-machine. They
consider it a fortune to them. If they can only
obtain a sewing-machine which shall assist them
in their hard work, that work being of a pecu-
liarly hard character, especially in the manner
in which it is performed, by night, as the Sen-
ator from Nevada has said, and early in the
morning, it is to them a fortune. It is the sole
means in many cases of their living, and now
you add to the price in a manner which to them
is burdensome.
Now, sir, with regard to the amount of reve-
nue which the Government receives from it.
the Senator from Nevada has alluded to the
fact that the articles manufactured pay a large
amount, while the sewing-machine pays com-
paratively a small amount. I will state to the
Senate what the amount of tax received by the
Government is. During the year 1866 the whole
amount of revenue raised by taxing sewing-
machines was a little over $150,000. '
Mr. PESSENDEN. Where does the Sen-
ator get his statement?
Mr. DIXON. I am so informed. I have
the paper before me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. By whom?
Mr. DIXON. By a reliable gentleman, and
I have no doubt it is true.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that I
inquired of the Commissioner as to the amount,
and he said it was impossible to tell; that it
was so mixed up with other things it could
not be ascertained with certainty.
Mr. DIXON. This intelligent gentleman
informs me that it is somewhere about one
hundred and fifty or one hundred and seventy-
five thousand dollars ; whereas the amount of
revenue received from clothing, boots, and
shoes, and other manufactures made by the
sewing-machine, of which that is the founda-
tion, amounts to nearly one tenth of the entire
revenue—six or eight million dollars. Now, it
does seem to me it would be far better for us,
as a mere revenue matter, to increase to the
utmost extent the use of the sewing-machine,
if we had only reference to the amount of tax
which we should receive from the articles
made by it. I think, therefore, the policy of
the country requires that the article shpuld be
in the free list.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Davis, Dixon, Foster,
Harris, Howard. McDougall, Nesmith, Nye, Patter-
son, Pomeroy, Riddle, Ross, Sprague, Sumner, Wil-
son, and Yates—17. '
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Conness, Cowan, Cragin,
Creswell, Edmunds, Fessenden, Frelinghuysen,
Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson, Kirk-
wood, Lane, Morgan, Norton, Ramsey, Sherman,
Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, and Williams—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Chandler,
Doolittle, Fogg, Fowler, Guthrie, Howe, Morrill,
Poland, Saulsbury, Stewart, and Trumbull—13.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to offer the following addi-
tional section:
And be it further enacted. That the tonnage duty
now imposed by-law on all ships, vessels, or steam-
ers engaged in foreign commerce shall be levied but
onee within one year; and when paid by such ship,
vessel, or steamer no further tonnago tax shall be
collected.within one year from the date of such pay-
ment.
Mr. JOHNSON, (to Mr. Sherman.) Ex-
plain it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Mary-
land wishes me to explain the amendment. I
thought it would explain itself. By the present
law there is a tonnage duty of about thirty
cents on every vessel engaged in foreign com-
merce ; but by various enactments that I have
here a large portion, the great body, of our
foreign commerce is relieved from it. and the
tax paid annually. All the coasting trade, all
the trade with Mexico, the trade of California,
the Panama trade, the West India trade are
relieved, and they pay the annual tonnage
duty. The result is that the new lines of
steamers being formed between this country
and Europe are compelled to pay tonnage duty
every round trip under the general law. This
relieves thein from that. It makes them pay
a single tonnage duty once a year, and allows
them to run for one year after the date of pay-
ment. I think it is just.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am satisfied.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to amend the bill
on page 14 by inserting after line seventeen of
section ten the following:
Amend section forty-eight of the act relating to
internal revenue, approved July 13. 1866, so as to in-
sert in tlio proviso the word " thirds" after the word
"halves" and before the word "quarters; and also
amend it by striking out the words " more than one
quarter, and not more than one half, shall be ac-
counted one half," and insert "more than one
quarter, and not more than one third, shall be ac-
counted one third, and more than one third, and less
than one half, shall bo accounted one half."
I will state, in regard to this amendment, that
I have consulted the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, and it is to supply a deficiency in the
present law. There was achange made in the
law of 1864, which resulted in a very unequal
taxation. If, however, the chairman of the
committee is satisfied I will not occupy time
in explaining it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand the Com-
missioner has no objection to it.
Mr. CONNESS. None at all. It is entirely
necessary. For the sake of explanation I will
read a part of the petition that I hold in my
hand 
Several Senators. Oh, no; we will agree
Mr. CONNESS. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CATTELL. I wish to offer an amend-
ment, which is merely verbal, and has the ap-.
proval of the committee, to correct a clerical
error in drawing the bill. It is on page 11,
line one hundred and forty-one, after the word
'' glass'' to insert '' other than window glass ;''
so that the clause will read:
On manufactures exclusively of glass, other than
window glass, three per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the bill
on page 18 by inserting after line ninety-threo
of section eleven the words ''files and rasps,"
so as to place them on the free list.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that will not be
adopted. There is no reason why they should
be exempted ; it is a prosperous business.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I hope this amendment
will be made. Files and rasps are supplies
that enter into the construction of your ma-
chinery and as such should be exempt from
tax. TheiH have been great interests estab-
lished in this country; but in consequence of
the introduction of foreign commodities they
have been forced to suspend their business
operations and their machinery is idle. If they
can be relieved of this tax in a very short time
they will perfect this product so that it will be
brought into consumption at one half the price
it has heretofore cost to those who use it. I
hope the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will prevail.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The same argument
will apply to everything else that we tax.
Mr. SPRAGUE. This is a new industry in
this country, and it requires to be relieved of
this burden.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. On page 29, line four of sec-
tion thirteen, after the word "gallon" I move
to insert these words :
Until the 1st day of October, 1B67; and $1 50 for
each and every gallon until the 1st day of April,
1868; and after that date, for each and every gallon,
one dollar.
I will state that the effect of this amendment
is simply to reduce prospectively the tax upon
whisky. It provides that it shall remain at two
dollars per gallon until the 1st day of October
next, and from that time to the 1st day of April,
1868, at $1 50; and after the 1st day of April,
1868, that it shall be reduced to one dollar.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the
question, and declared that the noes seemed
to have it.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to have the yeas and
nays on that proposition, but I will wait until
we get into the Senate, if it is agreeable to the
chairman of the committee. I would as soon
take them there.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer another amendment:
on page 69, after the fifty-first section of the
bill, which has been stricken out, to insert the
following additional section:
And be it further enacted. That in any indictment,
suit, or other proceeding in the name of the United
States against any person or persons who by law shall
be subject to any fine, forfeiture, pemlty, or disabil-
ity whateverfor non-compliance or violation thereof,
no person shall be subject to such fine, penalty, for-
feiture, or disability, that was not incurred with
intention to commit fraud or willful negligence.
That is the amendment upon which I made
some remarks last night. The whole effect of
it is to withdraw the power of remitting or
reducing fines from the Treasury Department,
and to make it a question upon the trial of
cases when persons are sued or indicted for
violations of the revenue laws. Now, sir, I
will read the first section of the act of 1797,
which will enable the Senate, or such mem-
bers of it as pay any attention to the subject,
the better to comprehend its provisions :
"That whenever any person or persons who shall
have incurred any fine, penalty, forfeiture, or disa-
bility, or shall have been interested in any vessel,
goods, wares, or merchandise, which shall have been
subject to any seizure, forfeiture, ordisability by force
of any present or future law of the United States for
the laying, levying, or collecting any duties or taxes,
or by force of any present or future act concerning
the registering and recording of ships or vessel*, or
any act concerning the enrollintr and licen-inc ^Lips
or vessels employed in the coasting trade or fishtyie*,
and for regulating tho same, shall prefer his petition
