1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
403
business, their homes, and their means of live-
lihood, and they went out in defense of the
Government and its Constitution and laws.
They have come home. Are they not entitled
to some consideration at the hands of the
Executive? Take a civilian who during the
war sat at home in his office ; a good officer—
I have nothing to say about that: I suppose
that to be true—doing his duties well, receiving
from one to ten thousand dollars a year for it,
who has had his office for five years. Is there
any very great hardship in saying to him,
'' Sir, you have had your turn ; offices here are
not to be hereditary; they do not belong to
anybody by divine or especial right; you must
go out, and here is a soldier with one leg well
qualified to do the duty, and he has a right to
have his turn." In a great many instances
such men have been rewarded. I think that
wherever they could be found well qualified
they were appointed, not altogether because
civilians were not entitled to their share and
soldiers were the whole people; but they were
entitled to their share, and it was the only way
they could receive that recognition at the hands
of the President.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Were not soldiers dis-
missed to make room for civiliafcs ?
Mr. COWAN. I have heard that statement,
but I do not know o£ a single case where a
good soldier who was qualified to perform the
duties of the office ana could give the'proper
securities was displaced. I knew of one case
where a very wdrthy man was in an office, but
unfortunately his securities were not such as
to recommend him to the appointing power,
and I think they would not have recommended
him to the Senate, and a civilian was put in
his place; but as a general rule wherever a
soldier could be found who was qualified to
perform the duties of the office and fill its func-
tions he was favored.
Mr. President, I cannot hope to say so well
as the honorable Senator from Maine has just
said, what are the reasons against this prop-
osition. I would not dare to attempt the task
of gilding his gold and painting his lily; but I
must be allowed to say that I think his words
were wise, eminently wise, eminently good,
eminently adapted to pour oil upon the surface
of these troubled waters, and I should be glad
if willing ears were lent to them.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I certainly
did not wish to do any injustice to the Presi-
dent of the United States or to those who con-
trol the appointment of civil officers. I am
somewhat surprised at the statement of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, that but four hun-
dred and sixty changes have been made. If
that be so I can only state that the rale which
seems to have been observed elsewhere has not
been observed in Ohio. My impression is that
every leading office-holder in the State of Ohio
received a polite notice that if he did not attend
the Philadelphia convention, or did not ap-
prove of the call of the Philadelphia conven-
tion, he should promptly communicate that fact
to a self-constituted committee in this city,
composed of men very high in official position.
Circulars of that kind were sent all over the
United States I am informed. They certainly
were sent to the office-holders in the State of
Ohio. They were called upon _ to contribute
money to support a new party in antagonism
to the party that brought the President into
power and to which they were attached. If I
am not mistaken, the name of at least one
member of this body was used in that circular,
and some of those circulars were issued in the
name of a Cabinet officer and were distributed
all over the country. I know very well that
those who did not reply satisfactorily to this
peculiar mode of interrogation were soon after
removed from office.
The Senator says that but a small portion
out of the great number of officers have been
removed. I can only speak for my owu State.
Nearly every prominent office-holder in the
State of Ohio was removed, and in nearly
every case for political reasons. The attor-
neys and marshals of both the northern and
southern districts were removed, although in
one case the attorney resigned in anticipation
of removal. A majority of the collectors and
assessors of internal revenue were removed,
and I know in some cases they were not re-
moved either because they were guilty of using
uncivil language in regard to the President, or
because they were guilty of misconduct. In the
northern district the removals were made of
men who had just been confirmed by the
Senate; who were entirely unexceptionable to
the whole people among whom they lived; who
had faithfully discharged the duties of their
offices. In some eases the incumbents had
only held their offices for one year. They were
removed for political reasons, and partisans
of the new party were appointed in their place.
There can be no doubt of this. I know also
that in many of the congressional districts self-
constituted committees were organized to super-
vise the distribution of the Federal patronage
in portions of the State, and that appointments
and removals were made upon those political
recommendations; that Democratic candidates
for Congress running against the organization
that elected the President controlled all the
patronage within their districts; and that post-
masters were appointed and removed upon
their recommendation.
. The Senator from Pennsylvania says that
but four hundred and sixty removals were made
out of about twenty-six hundred presidential
appointments, if I understand him correctly.
Then, sir, Ohio has been very unfortunate,
because I can scarcely recall a single promi-
nent officer in that State who was not removed.
It is true that many of the postmasters were
allowed to remain, but not all of them. In
one case I know of, and about which I have
received so many remonstrances, a Demo-
cratic editor, who had been a violent Copper-
head during the war, and who did all he could
to encourage the rebels, although living safely
in the State of Ohio, and who weekly was pub-
lishing articles intended to excite insurrection
and controversy in the State, was appointed
to a post office of great importance in that
State.
Under these circumstances I think we had
a right to complain. In regard to the delay in
sending these appointments to the Senate I
have been overwhelmed, as most Senators have
been, with remonstrances and papers in rela-
tion to them. I say that these nominations
.ought to have been communicated to the Sen-
ate within ten days after we met, or at least
within a reasonable time. Up to this hour
scarcely a nomination made in the State of
Ohio during the recess has been communicated
to this body. Perhaps I ought not to state
more than this, because these communications
are made to the Senate in executive session;
but as the nominations when made are matters
of public notoriety 
Mr. JOHNSON. You can state what has
not been done.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can state then, in a
single word, that but one of all these nomina-
tions, about which there is so much feeling
and controversy in the St&te of Ohio, has been
sent to the Senate. My colleague will know
whether I am correct or not.
Mr. W A!) K, T know of none.
Mr. SHBBMAN. On the very day on which
I made the remark in regard to the sending
these nominations to the Senate the great body
of the nominations to which the Senator al-
ludes were sent to the Senate. The assessors
and collectors for Pennsylvania and some of
the eastern States were sent us; but up to this
hour none of the nominations for the State
which I iiyiart represent have been sent to the
Senate. ' under these circumstances I think I
was justified in making the criticism upon the
conduct of the President that I did.
I certainly have no unkind feelings to the
President; but I do think, as he was elected
by a political party to the office under which
he became President of the United States,
that he had no right to regard the political
divisions that might arise in the course of his
administration to operate upon htm as a rea-
son for turning men out of office. They merely
differed with him on questions as they arose;
and yet in many cases in the State of Ohio
there could be no other reason assigned for
these removals except political reasons. It
was not pretended in that State that they
were removed for any other cause. On the
contrary, I know of cases where officers have
been removed who now hold in their hands
letters from the heads of Departments, who
must have concurred in their removal, certify-
ing that they were not removed for any cause
except for political reasons; that they had dis-
charged the duties of their offices ably and
well; and entirely disproving the allegation
now made that these removals were made
merely because the incumbents had held the
office for four or five years, and there ought to
be a rotation in office, or that they had abused
the President or the like of that, I do not
wish to go into particular cases, because this is
not the proper place to discuss them ; but I
can say without fear of contradiction that I
could name many of these officers who were
removed without the least pretense that they
were guilty of any incivility to the President or
of any want of care in their offices. Some of
them were removed although they had held
their offices but for one year, having been ap-
pointed by President Lincoln and confirmed
by the Senate; and in some cases men who
were appointed by President Johnson himself,
and whose nominations were confirmed by the
Senate, were after the adjournment of Con-
gress removed for political reasons.
Under these circumstances I think it is the
duty of the Government to guard against these
removals for mere political reasons. As I said
the other day in the few remarks that I made
on the subject, I see nothing in the bill now
before us that is not justified by the counsels
of the fathers and of all who preceded us in
our office of Senators. If I understand the
bill, all it provides for is that a person duly
appointed to office, by the appointment of the
President and the sanction of the Senate, shall
hold his office until his successor shall be ap-
pointed, and that no person who is thus ap-
pointed with the sanction of the Senate shall
be removed from his office until the Senate and
the President concur in his successor. That is
the whole scope and purpose of the bill, and
if it is confined to that I certainly shall sup-
port it with great pleasure.
When my friend from Massachusetts offered
his'amendment the other day to the bill in re-
gard to pension agents I voted against it, and
when it is now renewed on this bill I shall vote
against it. The reason is, that it extends to a
multitude of officers, the appointment of whom
ought to be left with the heads of Departments.
But there are classes of officers that he does
include in his amendment whose nominations
ought to be sent to the Senate. For instance,
there is a class of revenue agents, whose pay
amounts in some cases to from twenty-five
hundred to three thousand dollars, and who
are among the most responsible officers in the
Treasury Department. Under the law when
they were appointed they were not deemed
very important, and they were therefore not
directed to be sent to the Senate. I think they
ought to be. So in the case of post office
agents, men who receive from two to five thous-
and dollars per annum, and who are the right
hand, you may say, of the Post Office Depart-
ment. " Their nominations are not now sent to
the Senate, but they ought to be.
While I am speaking of removals, I will men-
tion one that was made in the Post Office De-
partment. The post office agent for the
northwestern States, holding the most import-
ant agency under the Post Office Department;
a man conceded by all, conccded by Postmas-
ters General Blair and Deunison, and even by
the present incumbent, to be a man in every
respect fitted for the office, was turned out of
office during the last vacation for political
reasons, because he would not participate in"
the Philadelphia convention and join his fate
