1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1933
to tho judge of tho district in which such fine, pcn-
altv, torfeiture, or disability ,*hall have accrued, truly I
and particularly setting torth tho circumstances of
his c i.->e; ami shall pray that the same may ho miti-
gated or remitted, the said judge shall inquire, m a
summary manner, into the circumstances of the ease;
fir?t causing rca^nable notice to be given to the per-
son or pei^ons claiming such ti.ie, penalty, or lorfeit-
ure, and to the attorney ot the United States for such
district, that each may have an opportunity of show-
ing cause against the mitigation or remission thereof;
and shall cause the fact1! which shall appear upon such
inquiry to be stated and annexed to thepctition, and
direct their transmission to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury of tho United State, who shall thereupon have
power to mitigate or remit such fine, forfeiture, or
penalty, or remove such disability or any partthereof,
if in his opinion the same shall have been incurred
without williul negligence or any intention of fraud
in the person or persons incurring tho same; and to
direct tho prosecution, if any shall have been insti-
tuted for the recovery thereof, to cease and be dis-
continued upon such terms or conditions as he may
cbem reasonable aud ju*t."
The object of the amendment is not to inter-
fere with the tax that may be imj^ised by any
of the laws referred to in this section of the aet
of 1797 ; but the act of 1707 refers to suits in
debt and to indictments of persons for viola-
tions of the law, and provides that where the
party who has incurred such fines and penal-
ties presents his petition, stating the facts and
circumstances of the case to the district court,
the district court shall certify to the Secretary
of the Treasury the facts of the case ; and if
the Secretary of the Treasury is satisfied that
there has been no intent to commit fraud and
no willful neglect, he may mitigate or remit the
fine according to his discretion. This amend-
ment proposes that that duty, instead of being
devolved in this tedious, circumlocutory man-
ner upon the Secretary of the Treasury, shall
be performed at once by the court and jury.
In other words, if the facts of the case satisfy
the court and the jury that the party has not
been guilty of an intent to commit fraud or of
gross neglect, there shall be imposed no fine,
forfeiture, or disability in the case.
Last evening I presented to the Senate a
statement of some cases that had occurred
under the internal revenue law in relation to
distilling, where four distillers were sued and
indicted in indictments and actions of debt
that contained counts to the amount of forty-
nine ; and each count charged the party with
a violation of the law four times in each
month ; and each violation subjected the party
to a fine of $500. In other words, the charges
against these distillers were forty-nine counts,
and each count contained in the aggregate a j
charge of fines against the party that would
have amounted to $2,000 per month ; making
a charge against them of fines that in the ag-
gregate amounted to upward of $90,000. All
these fines were not imposed. The district
attorney had the conscience to discontinue ;
some of the counts. But there were fines im-
posed upon those distillers to the amount of
$15,000. Under the law one half of each fine
was indorsed upon the record to the use of the
informer, who was the assessor, and who had
lain in wait for these uninformed and unsophis-
ticated men for two or three years, knowing
that they were in innocent violation of the
law; his object being that they should accu-
mulate fines until his cupidity was satisfied.
When they had run up to that point, be had
them sued to the enormous amount which I
have stated; he had them fined and judgments
against them to the amount of $15,000; he
had one half of those judgments indorsed to
his 'use as informer upon the record, and
moved the court to commit them to prison
until the fines were paid; and compelled them
then and there to account to him for his half.
Such oppression and iniquity under the color
of law I have never known enacted in any
other case except in relation to these distillers.
One of these distillers distilled only his own
grain, and he made about ninety barrels of
whisky. The tax imposed upon him would have
sunk the whole value of his whisky at that time
two or three times over, for it was when the
tax was twenty cents per gallon on whisky, and
the price was proportionately low. These men
were unacquainted with the law. They had
caused all the liquor which they distilled to be
gauged and measured ; they had paid the tax
aceordingto the lawupon it. They had receipts
for the full amount of all the whisky they had
made, full acquittances from the officers of the
Government for every dollar of tax which had
been assessed upon them or which the whisky
which they made was subject to be taxed with.
The assessor knew these facts. He knew that
these men were in violation of the law inno-
cently and from ignorance. He concealed from
them that fact, and permitted them to continue
their violations of the law for the purpose of
extorting from them money for his own enrich-
ment. 1 have heard that in about a year he
made $100,000 from that mode of extortion.
After these distillers had paid on every gal-
lon of whisky they had made the amount of tax
that was levied by law upon it, this officer had
them indicted in the oppressive manner in
which I have stated, had lines to the amount
of about fifteen thousand dollars imposed upon
them ; he himself being the informer, whose
duty it was to inform them of their violations
of thelaw and to admonish them to the observ-
ance of the law. Instead of that, he called these
men before him in his office, having the power
to do sounderthe law, swore them, madethem
disclose the mode in which they were operat-
ing, and in that way to reveal their innocent
violations of law ; and with this knowledge in
affidavits in his office he still continued to per-
mit them thus to violate the law until they had
violated it to his full satisfaction. Then, not-
withstanding they had paid all the tax which
they owed upon the liquor, he sued them
simply for not having made a return of the
amount of grain which they daily mashed,
according to one of the regulations of the law.
For that informal and innocent violation of it
they were impoverished—one of them at least
—to the extent which I have named.
Now, what does the law of 1797 provide?
That where these violations of the law were
without an intent to commit fraud and without
willful neglect, upon those facts being certified
by the district court to the Treasury Depart-
ment the Secretary of the Treasury may, at
his discretion, remit or mitigate the fines. I
said last night that petitions had been prepared
by these distillers, that they had them pre-
sented to the district court of Kentucky, and
the court had certified according to the act of
1797. The petitions are in the Treasury De-
partment. 1 went to the Treasury Depaitment
a few days ago and inquired the situation of
this business. They had done nothing at all
in it, and told me that they would write to the
assessor and collector to know whether the re-
mission should be made or not. Sir, could
there be a more absurd, a more unjust, a more
iniquitous mockery than to refer to officers,
wliQ have thus lain in wait to entrap innocent
and ignorant men, and to mulct them with fines
and judgments for their own enrichment to the
amount of thousands and tens of thousands of
dollars, when the Government has not lost a
cent, the question whether there shall be a re-
mission or mitigation of the fines ?
The only change I ask is that this question
of the remission or mitigation of the fines in-
stead of being referred in that way to the Treas-
ury Department, shall be decided when the
trials take place by the court and jury that try
them. It can result in no loss to the Govern-
ment. It would have resulted in no loss to the
Government if the law had been at the time
of these trials as I now desire it should be;
because the judge would have immediately in-
structed the jury that if they believed from the
evidence those parties had no intent to defraud
the Government, and were guilty of no willful
neglect, they should so find, and the conse-
quence would have been that there would have
been no judgments or fines imposed for these
innocent violations of the law.
1 trust, sir, that the Senate will adopt this
modification, and that they will withdraw this
important duty from the Treasury Deportment,
ana put it upon the courts that consider the
cases.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All I have to say with
regard to this awful hard case is, that it is now
under the consideration of the Secretary, who
has the power to relieve from this suffering, if on
the whole, on examination, he thinks it best, to
do so. The effect of the amendment as offered
is simply to change the whole burden of proof.
If you put it in the terms and manner that is
stated in the amendmentof the honorable Sen-
ator, it will be incumbent upon the Govern-
ment in every prosecution not only to prove
the fact of a breach of the law, but to prove
that the man did it with an intent to defraud,
instead of putting the burden of proof on him.
The Senate will judge how many convictions
we should be likely to get under that.
Mr. DAVIS. I am sorry I did not hear a
word the honorable Senator said.
Mr. JOHNSON. He says it puts the bur-
den of proof on the Government.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; I beg the honorable
Senator's pardon. It does not put, nor was it
intended to put, the proof upon the Govern-
ment. The presumption of fraudulent intent
would arise from the violation of the law; and
the amendment provides that it must appear
from the case that there was neither an intent
to commit fraud nor willful neglect in the viola-
tion of the law.
Mr. JOHNSON. You do not put it upon
the defendant?
Mr. DAVIS. Not in terms ; but that is the
effect of it. That is a matter of defense ; of
course it must be sustained by the defense. I
should be willing though, and I will so modify
the amendment, that the proof of the absence
of fraudulent intent or willful negligence shall
be put upon the defendant.
Mr. JOHNSON. You had better do that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The universal system
has been in all our revenue laws to leave these
matters to be relieved by the proper authori-
ties, if they are satisfied, on the whole, that the
relief ought to be given; and I hope that the
system which has always been in operation will
not be changed now. It is difficult enough to
procure a conviction for a breach of the revenue
law, and this will make it more so. I hope the
Senate will not interfere with a system so well
established.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and "nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 8, nays 26; as follows;
TEAS—Messrs. Davis, Hendricks, Nesmith, Nor-
ton, Patterson, Riddle. Saulsbury, and Willey—-8.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Catteil, Chandler, Dix-
on, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fogg. Foster, Frelinghuy-
sen, Grimes, Harris, Howard, Morgan, Morrill, Nye,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross. Sherman, Spraeue, Stew-
art, Sumner, Van Winkle, Williams, Wilson, and
Yates—26.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brown, BuekaleW, Conness,
Cowan, Cragin, Creswell, Doolittle, Fowler, Guthrie,
Henderson, Howe. Johnson, Kirkwood, Iiane, Mc-
Dougall, Poland, Trumbull, and Wade—18.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to offer an amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the thirty-third
section, as amended by the committee, at the
end of the bill. The object of it is to save all
present causes of prosecution and other causes
from being lost by the possible operation of
the present bill. It is a general saving clause :
Provided, That this act shall not be construed to
affect any act done, right accrued, or penalty in-
curred, under former acts; but every such right is
hereby saved. And all suits and prosecutions for
acts already dono in violation of any former act or
acts of Congress relating to the subjects embraced in
this act, may be commenced or proceeded with in liko
manner as if this act had not been passed. And all
penal clauses and provisions in existing laws relat-
ing to the subjects embraced in this act shall bo
deemod applicable thereto.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have some amend-
ments that I desire to offer after line seven-
teen, section ten, page 14; and before the
amendment which has been adopted I move to
insert:-
That seotion nineteen is hereby amended by adding
the following thereto; "And no suit in equity or
otherwise for the purpose of restraining the assess-
ment or collection of tax shall be maintained in any
court."
The amendment was agreed to.
