496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
Among the early fears of the founders of the
republic was the fear of usurpation by one
class of officers over the other. And where
did they locate their apprehension? "Was it
with the Executive ? No; he was a single man;
he had no immediate relation to the popular
voice. Was it with the judiciary, sitting silently
to hear causes and adjudge them ? No, it was
in the law-making, power, consisting of the
House of Representatives, coming directly from
the people, a stormy, noisy, quarrelsome, bel-
ligerent crowd, and the Senate of the United
States, supposed to be an assemblage of the
fathers for consultation. The different func-
tions of Government were thus arranged, ac-
cording to the best lights of the oldest antiquity,
and all the lessons drawn from the example
of the intermediate States down to our own
time, and the lessons of the French Revolution
as well.'
The absolute necessity of holding each one
of these three departments in its appropriate
place was deemed to be one of the most neces-
sary considerations in the discussions that led
to the organization of our Government. You
will find it through the debates, you will find it
through the Federalist. It was illustrated by
reference to the history of all the republican
States that had existed in the world, where the
necessity of these three powers coordinate being
maintained in their respective spheres was man-
ifested. It was then held that the danger of
usurpation was on the part of the legislative
power—the body of Representatives elected by
the people and Senators seeking office. The
Constitution provided for the judges as a great
conservative power holding their terms during
good behavior; the Senators next conserva-
tive ; the Representatives not at all conserva-
tive. The discussion that related to that ques-
tion was continued through many debates; and
the necessity of a division of power between the
three branches, and the independence of each
branch, led to those provisions in the Constitu-
tion which were meant to secure that division
and that independence.
But, sir, we have now fallen upon evil times,
and we are meeting the evil that has been
prophesied for us by men who have thought on
these great questions and thought since this
Republic was founded. Comte is probably
the most learned philosopher there is now liv-
ing, and his work on sociology or positive
science, if you please to call it so, is the most
accepted; and what does he say about us, dis-
cussing our institutions and discussing repub-
lican institutions generally ? He takes up the
societies of the world from the family up,
away back from the days of the theocracy
through all the various forms of government
to monarchies, to republics, and to despotisms ;
and what is the evil? The evil is in the mul-
titude of offices. For every office there are
always ten aspirants, and the nine who are
necessarily unsuccessful are demoralized in
seeking office, and the one who gets it is de-
moralized after he gets out of office.
There is an evil that is patent in our institu-
tions and has been, and it is an argument
against the policy of creating offices, which
seems to have been the popular notion of the
day. What have we been doing here for six
years past? because I will speak only of the
short period I have been here. Making offices.
The whole country is swarming with officers;
the Treasury Department, the Post Office
Department, the Land Office Department, all
the various Departments are swarming with
officers; and what is the result? When you
walk $loiig the principal avenue of the capital
city of the United States you may safely assume
that out of every ten men you meet nine men
are hunters for some place in the patronage of
the Government. This is an evil which is
patent, and can only be corrected by stopping
this practice of multiplying offices. There
is the radical evil; that "is the root of the
thing.
But, sir, who has the power of appointment
to office? A judge under our system of gov-
ernment has no business to appoint an officer
except he be an officer of the court or subor-
dinate to the court. We have no business to
appoint an officer, unless he belongs to the
Senate or the House, or is subordinate to some
of the officers of Congress. To the Executive,
the other department of the Government, be-
longs this power. We must have rules, for
there is no government without rules. There
must be sway oven in a republic. There
must be power; and it must be exercised by
him who can exercise it by the right of the
authority with which he is clothed, and not be
challenged by every loud-mouthed talker who
may get up and speak on the hustings, and
threaten the Chief Executive of the United
States by word of mouth or by pen and ink and
paper with impeachment in our high court
when it shall be organized.
These very patent evils must be corrected,
and they can only be corrected by a higher
moral political sense than has been brought
here, either into this or the other Chamber,
except it be by the chance of an accident.
The President of the United States has charge
of the executive business of the Government.
It is his function to superintend its general
business, to see that the offices are filled and
well filled. Upon him rests the responsibility.
By whom is he created? By the people of the
United States; by their votes in a popular elec-
tion. He is not an accident, although the pres-
ent incumbent has been called an accidental
President. It may be so in this sense that he
was the Vice President and acceded to the
office of President.
I did not design embarking in this discus-
sion ; but I think it well once in awhile to look
back and see where our anchors were cast in
1787, a-nd whether we are still holding ground.
It has seemed to me that we are dragging our
anchors, and have been for a long time past.
I think it is about time to take up the anchors
and take the wind by the sky-sail. I have not
heard a reference to fundamental, elementary,
constitutional law here for some days, and.par-
ticularly not in this discussion. I have not
heard a discussion of how the three coordinate
branches of the Government stand according
t£> the sense in which they were established.
I say "established," but established only for
a short time, only from 1787 to 1861, because
establishing means both building and founding.
The very foundations and the superstructure
of the great edifice built by our fathers have
been trembling since then. And by whose
advice or authority ? Wise and informed men ?
Men who have studied the science of govern-
ment? Men who have read history? Men who
have read those authors from whom the men
that organized our Constitution took their les-
sons? No, but men who considered merely
whether they could be elected to the House of
Representatives ot to the Senate of the United
States ; men who did not live above the con-
dition of to-day; men who had not courage
enough to rise above the moment; men who
did not understand that a man should live as
if he would live forever, and did not know what
it was to die, calling himself one portion of the
Infinite.
Sir, those who produced this measure and
concomitant measures here may rejoice in their
strength for a day. The sun may warm about
them and they may grow with rapidity, and there
may be moisture about their soil; but if they
grow, they grow like Jonah's gourd, and they
will wither in a day. I say "a day," but I
will take a decade for a day.
It is thought by some that by pursuing this
policy they will acquire such potential power
as will establish particular local interests. Sir,
we are one country. I live in the extremest
West; my friend from Massachusetts lives in
the extremest East; but we have got to be one
always. These things have to arrange them-
selves and settle down into the right. There
cannot long be enmity between Maine and
Texas or between California and Florida.
There is a strong disposition to maintain an
extreme enmity, and for what purpose? For
no good purpose, I think, as I stand in the
presence of my Maker—no good purpose on
the part of those persons who are disposed to
urge that kind of controversy. I have found
in a reasonable experience in this life that there
are good men in all parts of the .world—East,
West, North and South, and in the middle
region—good men everywhere. There are as
good men in Boston as there are in San Fran-
cisco ; but among the good men I do not rank
party politicians, of which, thank God, I never
was one.
I say here we should avoid all these ugly
controversies, and take a lesson from a man
who wrote a long time since, though it is not
everybody that approves him, but what he said
in this particular respect I think is orthodox:
The truth lies in the mean between extremes.
A man who is forty-five degrees on one side
to-day and swings around-to-morrow to forty-
five degrees on the other side is not right; he
must settle himself in place; and jamong the
old philosophers it was -said that until a man
found his place where he could rest he was
never right. A piece of advice was given, con-
sequent upon that old Greek instruction, by
the person who was commander of the Sun,
and was called the Sun himself. He said to
Phseton, who was an intimate friend of his,
"Take my car: drive it up and around the
heavens; but be careful: drive it not too high
or you will burn the heavenly mansion; driye.
it not too low or you will put the earth in ashes;
not too far to the right or you will meet the
constellation of the Serpent; not too far to
the left or you will come in contact with the
constellation Altheea: maintain the middle
course; go right on. In medio tutissimus ibis."
Therefore neither the mansions of heaven nor
the earth were burned or destroyed. And it is
in maintaining the truth between extremes that
the right js'justified.
I say that is perfectly applicable to this very
question herepending, thisundertakingto over-
turn the careful equipoise made by the gravest
men who ever sat in council when our Consti-
tution was formed, and who designed to leave
the executiveits branch of power, the judiciary
its own vocation, and the legislative halls their
proper place, all to be respectful of each other,
f have seen the time when if a gentleman of
the other House was spoken of rudely in this
House he was called to order by the Chair, and
the same in the other House ; and in the Su-
preme Court, if a rough word was said about a
gentleman of either body of Congress the per-
son offending was called to order immediately.
This was a manifestation of the respect deemed
to be due by the several branches of the Gov-
ernment to each other. It would be well for
us to get back to those times and to think that
there is something like dignity which belongs
to Government. When we forget that, when
that ceases to be a consideration bearing upon
our minds as public officers, we may as well
give up this whole scheme of a Republic, for
it will be then very rotten, and very apt to drop
to pieces.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Before submitting the mo-
tion that I deem it wise to submit at this time,
I desire to say that in listening to the debates
which have attended the deliberations of the
Senate on this subject I am perhaps more im-
pressed with its importance than that of any
other question now before this body. I lis-
tened with great interest to the remarks of the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Howe,] when he
suggested that the Cabinet officers now ex-
eluded from the operations of this bill should
be included. I desire that in the Senate, when
the bill comes properly there, he should enforce
the arguments that he then used and renew his
motion upon that point. That, too, would
answer the argument of the Senator from
Maine, who finds difficulties in regard to re-
quiring the .appointments of minor officers to
come before the Senate. He stated difficulties
that he thought it almost impossible to sur-
mount.; but they will be surmounted I think
by applying the provisions of the bill to the
appointment and removal of Cabinet officers
like other officers. If the Senator from Wis-
