1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1261
dollars per thousand: when exceeding eight dollars
per thousand, in market value, including the tax, a
tax ,°* .P'Snt dollars per thousand," and add the
words a tax of five dollars por thousand."
I have for several years used my efforts to
liave abolished what I deem a very injudicious
mode of collecting the revenue from tobacco
and cigars, and sought to bring about the
adoption of a specific tax upon the leaf. I
g have believed heretofore, an<Tl believe now,
that this is a fairer and better way of impos-
ing the tax. It is better for the Government,
because it would yield double the amount of
revenue now derived from this source; and
also better for the party who is obliged to pay
the tax. I do not believe that if levied in this
way the burden would fall first on the pro-
ducer— the argument so strenuously urged
against tlie proposition; the manufacturer
would pay it as the article came out of bond.
The adoption of this system would, in my
judgment, obviate the incentive to fraud which
hqs existed and still exists under our laws.
But in reference to this matter I was some-
what in the position of the juryman who found
that the eleven other fellows were very obsti-
nate indeed, and so concluded to yield grace-
fully.
As I cannot bring the House to my views in
that respect, what I desire to accomplish by this
amendment is the next best thing; and if we
cannot get a specific tax upon the raw material,
upon the leaf, let us have a specific tax upon the
manufactured article. I agree with my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] that the ad valorem
system is pernicious and furnishes an incentive
to fraud. And I not only hold this in theory
both in tariff and tax laws, but wish to carry it
out in practice. Prom year to year the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means bring in bills which
they tell us every time are perfection. Yet
year after year they come here and, by pro-
posing numerous amendments, admit they
have been wrong. On this question the system
proposed in the bill of the committee very
nearly follows the system of the last act. It
proposes an ad valorem duty; it holds out an
inducement to the manufacturer of cigars to
put his cigars down below eight dollars in value
in order to lessen the tax; and it, to say the
least, tempts the inspector and assessor to
value them below eight dollars. The commit-
tee on frauds in relation to the revenue have
ascertained with respect to tobacco, and more
especially in regard to whisky, that there have
been immense frauds upon the Government.
But I am not willing to charge this fact upon
the people as a "national disgrace," while we
who have the framing of the laws can in a
great measure prevent the incentive to fraud.
If we did not allow the transshipment of
whisky from one port to another within the
United States or removal for redistillation with-
out payment of tax when it leaves the bonded
warehouse, we should not lose as we do
$20,000,000 annually in that way. If we did
not allow bonded warehouses to exist in the
same building with distilleries we should not
lose $20,000,000more for that reason. If we did
not direct inspectors to be paid by distillers and
placed with them without cheek, where the
bonded warehouse adjoins the distillery, and
let the distillers keep possession of the certifi-
cates of tax paid, we should not lose $10,000,-
000 more by the branding of barrel after barrel
with the same serial numbers.
If we change this law from an ad valorem
duty and say that on all cigars there shall be
a specific tax of five dollars, we certainly in a
measure take away the temptation to such
demoralization and fraud in respect to this
article, prevent a great loss, and secure a legiti-
mate income. I believe it is the best thing,
and the cigar manufacturers and journeymen
cigar-makers, tobacco dealers, and growers of
the country petition for it. I send up to the
Clerk one of these petitions from Philadelphia,
and ask that the Clerk read it.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the Honorable the Senate and Ilouie of Bept escnta-
tivci ill Congress assembled :
We, the undersigned, cigar-manufacturers, jour-
neymen cigar-makers, dealers in cigars, growers of
and dealers in seed-leaf tobacco, would most respect-
fully represent to your honorablo bodies that the
present internal revenue law on cigars has proved to
be utterlyimpraetieable, as demonstrated by the pres-
ent depressed condition of every branch of industry
and trade connected therewith.
The present law, being both specific and ad valorem,
affords such opportunities for fraud that our business
will soon pass entirely into the hands of irresponsible
men and fraudulent combinations unless a radical
change is soon effected.
We have two hundred and forty collection districts,
with the subdivisions under assistant assessors and
inspectors. Most of these officers are unacquainted
with th o prices and values of cigars, and therefore we
find numberless frauds and great diversity of assess-
ments resulting therefrom. In some districts cigars
are passed at two dollars; in others at four dollars,
nine dollars, and ten dollars, for about the same
grade of goods; while in the finer grades of goods wo
find greater discrepancies, and we have reason to
believe that many seed and Havana cigars are passed
as clear seed, paying only a nominal tax, while the
true amount would befromthreetofourtimesgreatcr.
Such discriminations can only result disastrously to
the general interest of our business, and under such
the honest manufacturer cannot exist. We would
therelore pray your honorable bodies to change the
PTesent tax to a specific tax of not more than five
dollars per thousand on all domestic cigars. and that
the stamp be made a revenue stamp, sold by the col-
lector only to the licensed manufacturers in his dis-
trict, with proper guards and cheeks to preventfrauds
and counterfeits. Believing thatthoGovernmentwill
find the revenue greatly increased thereby, and the
law much more simple and practical, wo solicit for
our petition the favorable consideration of your hon-
orable bodies.
Mr. DBMING. I am told that under the
rule I cannot rise to advocate the proposition
presented by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Myers] without, making a pro forma
amendment. I therefore move to strike out
from his amendment the word "cigars." My
purpose, howevt-r, is to coincide with him
thoroughly in the views lie has expressed in
regard to what should be the true nature of a
tax on cigars; and I was about to say that I
congratulate him and the great interest which
he represents in Pennsylvania for having at
this session arrived at the very kind of tax
which I advocated at the last session, and
which that interest, united with other tobacco
interests in the country, so strenuously opposed.
This.matter of an internal revenue tax is
comparatively a new thing with this Congress.
We never entered upon a system of internal
revenue tax until the war commenced. It is
therefore novel and intricate, and all theo-
ries, all experimenting ought to be abandoned.
The only light to guide us which we can safely
invoke in this matter is the light of experi-
ence. And what light does experience throw
upon the taxation of cigars? We commenced
in the Thirty-Eighth Congress with a graduated
schedule of specific rates and a graduated
schedule oFad valorem rates upon cigars. But
that provision proved to bo an utter and abomi-
nable abortion. Accordingly, the very next
report we received from the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue contained advice to discard
the whole system as a mistake, and adopt the
only true system, namely, that of specific rates
on cigars. He also informed us that under
this mixed system of an ad valorem tax and a
specific tax u^on cigars innumerable frauds
were perpetrated, ana that the honest manu-
facturer was sacrificed to the fraudulent.
We therefore, upon mature consideration, at
the next session of that Congress, adopted the
rate of ten dollars per thousand upon all kinds
and classes of cigars, and the testimony, com-
ing from all sources, as contained in the re-
port of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
presented to this Congress, is that no tax
which has been levied has been so fruitful^ of
revenue and so satisfactory to the manufac-
turer as the specific rate of ten dollars per
thousand.
That brings us down in the history of this
tax to the last session of the last Congress.
Then for the purpose of encouraging—no, I
will not say for the purpose, but an amend-
ment was introduced, the effect of which was,
and designed to be, to encourage the manufac-
ture of cheap cigars and discourage the man-
ufacture of dear ones. Without learning any-
thing or profiting at all from the experience
of the past, we resorted to the old system
again, and adopted a mixed rate, of ctfl valorem
and specific duties upon cigars, Gentlemen
now present will remember I warned.them,at
the time that if that provision was adopted we
should have the same parties coming, here -at
this session of Congress invoking us to return
to the specific rate.
Now I represent a district which ranks sixth
in the Union in the amount of internal revenue
paid upon cigars alone. There are five dis-
tricts which exceed mine, namely: the first
district of Pennsylvania, the first district of
California, the first district of Ohio, a district
in Maryland, and another in Missouri. This
interest, once the most flourishing and thriving
of all, is now prostrated by the mistaken rule
which you have adopted enabling fraudulent
manufacturers to succeed against the honest
manufacturer. The true system is to come
back to the specific rate of duties which we
found to work so well in practice, and which I
find in the last report of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue is thus alluded to:
"The tax of ten dollars per thousand upon all dor
mestic cigars imposed by the act of March 3,1865,
was more uniformly paid than the tax under any
previous law. 3?ewer oigars escaped taxation and
there was no opportunity for fraud when their full
number was returned to the assessor."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to say a few words
upon this subject of the tax upon cigars. There
is no subject that has presented itself for the
consideration of the Committee of Ways and
Means which has given us more trouble than
this question of the tax upon cigars. We have
had more difficulty in adjusting the tax upon
cigars than perhaps upon any other article
except distilled spirits. Now, I can very well
understand why cigar manufacturers desire a
uniform tax upon cigars of five dollars per
thousand. Of course the result of that would
be that the manufacturer who imports his to-
bacco from Cuba and manufactures it into cigars
in this country would pay a tax of but five dol-
lars per thousand upon cigars, which if im-
ported already manufactured would pay a tariff
duty of from thirty to forty dollars per thousand.
The Committee of Ways and Means believed
that the ad valorem, system adopted partially
at the last session of Congress was ineffectual;
and in accordance with the recommendation
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue they
have proposed in this bill the adoption of a
specific tax ; and in order that the cigar man-
ufacturers in Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri,
and other parts of the West may not be com-
pletely cruslicd out by those who manufacture
cigars in the district of the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Demino] and in other dis-
tricts, we have proposed two specific rates in
this bill. One rate is intended to apply to the
cheap cigars of two dollars per thousand, while
the other rate is intended to apply to all cigars
valued at not more than eight dollars per thou-
sand, including the tax.
Mr. MYERS. Will the gentleman explain
how those rates are specific?
Mr. ALLISON. They are regulated by the
market, price or value of the cigars.
Mr. MYERS. Would not they depend upon
the knowledge or the skill which the customer
or the assessor may exercise?
Mr. ALLISON. Not at all. And I would
call the attention of gentlemen to another pro-
vision affecting this subject of cigars. _ The
old provision authorized the transportation of
cigars in bond, whereby a thousand cigars might
be appraised at one price in Louisville, and at
another and a very different price in New York
or Philadelphia, thus giving occasion for end-
less difficulties in the settlement and adjust-
ment of the tax. This bill provides that the
tax shall be paid by the manufacturer upon the
sale of the products of his manufacture. There-
fore I think that by this provision we have
substantially guarded against the frauds which
were practiced under previous laws; and wft
have also provided rates of taxation where!-y
those who manufacture cheap cigars in the
West can continue to do so out of the cheap
tobacco that is raised there.
