1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1937
Committee on Finance, I believe, were unan-
imous that this ought to be done; but we did
not insert the provision for the reason that we
feared it would be impossible to carry it through
the House. The House did reject it over and
over again, and would not hear anything about
it, would not listen to the recommendation of |
either committee. We thought, therefore, to '
put in this amendment would be only to multi-
ply matters of contention with the House at a i
period of the session when they ought to be as
few as possible. If, however, the Senate see
fit to try the experiment I have no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It appears to me that j
this amendment ought not to be agreed to. i
The prices and emoluments that corporations
are to receive for their operations ought to be
regulated by the authority that establishes them,
the State governments that give them life, the
representatives of the very people among whom
they exercise their monopolies and their privi-
leges ; and the representatives of those people
are supposed to know better than we can know
what is right and just as between the corpora-
tions, the monopoly, and the people from whom
they derive their revenue. This view has been
taken by the Legislatures to whom application
has been made, and they have done one way
or the other in increasing or diminishing those
limitations as to them appeared to be tit and
just. And we have been told by the chairman
of the committee that this experiment to allow
these monopolies still further to operate upon :
the people has failed in the other branch, if it
is proper to allude to that at all, and now it is
to be forced on here.
It is bad enough as the bill stands that rail-
roads and carriers are authorized to charge
over upon their passengers not only the tax
which is imposed upon the rates of fare that
they get upon the passenger business, but
upon all their income derived from the trans-
portation of the mail; so that the hundreds of
thousands of dollars that the railroad com-
panies in this country receive from the Gov-
ernment for the transportation of mails, being
taxed at two and one half per cent., that two
and one half per cent, upon that mail service
is charged over to the passengers under the
existing law. I think it to be an outrage upon
the people, and I do not think we ought to go
any further in that direction.
Mr. POMEROY called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 13 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Dixon, Doolit-
tle, Fesseiiden, Fogs;, Fowler, Harris, Hendricks,
Howard, Howe, McDougall, Morgan, Nye, Patter-
son, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, and Willey—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Conness, Cragin, Davis,
Edmunds, Foster, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Kirkwood,
Lane, Poland, Boss, and Wilson—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Cowan, Cres-
wcll, Guthrie, Henderson. Johnson, Morrill, Nes-
mith, Norton, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sherman, Williams,
and Yates—15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make one
amendment now that I think of it, on page 70,
in line six of the new section twenty-four. It
is to insert after the word "shall" at the end
of that line the words "in addition to other
fines and penalties now by law provided."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to inquire if it is
in order to move to strike out an amendment
adopted on the recommendation of the com-
mittee?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. An amend-
ment agreed to in certain words cannot be
stricken out now.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to inquire of the
Committee on Finance the reasons which in-
duced the committee to recommend the amend-
ment which was made on page 16, inserting in
the free list " legs of piano-fortes?"
Mr. FESSENDEN. The reason simply was,
that legs of piano-fortes are taxed when we get
them into the piano.
Mr. CONNESS. So is every other part of
the piano taxed when it goes into the piano as
well as the legs.
39tu Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 122.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator has any |
violent objection to the legs he may strike them
out. [Laughter. ] j
Mr. CONNESS. I do not intend to be put j
in the wrong about the matter. I have no
very violent objection, but there seems to be |
something about it that is not right. I hold in
my hand the House bill as reported in the
House, in which, among the articles placed on
the free list, occur "legs of piano-fortes, me-
lodeons, and billiard-tables;" but it appears
that by subsequent action the whole line was
stricken out and none of these articles were
allowed to be placed 011 the free list. In the
report from the Finance Committee of the
Senate "legs of piano-fortes" are introduced.
It appears palpable to me that some very active
agent of the manufacturers of legs of pianos
has been about here steadily, a man with
"swift legs," as my friend from Vermont [Mr.
EdmundsJ suggests, for he got himself ex-
empted with two other articles in the report
of the House bill, and that being stricken out
in the House, he got himself reported on the
free list separately here. Now, as we should
not legislate for particular interests, and as we
should never reward special efforts of this
kind, I move to reconsider the vote by which
that amendment was adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the legs travel; I
have no objection.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment inserting
those words.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope it will not be
agreed to.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us get through
with the bill. I think we can finish it in a few
moments. I am not aware of any more amend-
ments to be offered.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have an important
amendment to present.
Mr. GRIMES. I think we cannotget through
the bill before the time fixed for the recess, and
therefore I insist upon my amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
ALLOTMENT OF JUDGES.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the committee on
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill of the Senate No. 534, to
provide for the allotment of the members of
the Supreme Court among the circuits, and for
the appointment of a marshal for the Supreme
Court, submitted the following report:
Tho committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
House to Senate bill No. 534, to provide for the
allotment of tho members of the Supreme Court
among the circuits, and for tho appointment of a
marshal for the Supremo Court, having met, after a
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses, as
follows:
That the House recede from its amendment to the
said bill as passed by the Senate.
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
IRA HARRIS,
THOMAS A. HENDRICKS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JAMES F. WILSON,
W. RADFORD,
Managers on the part of the Home.
The report was concurred in.
executive session.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business. At five o'clock the
doors were re-opened, and the Senate took a
recess till half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven and a half
o'clock p. m.
, " MESSAGK FROM THB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tive?, by Mr. McPhbrson, its Clerk, announced
that the Honse had passed the bill (S. No.
588) for the relief of the inhabitants of cities
and= towns npon the public lands, with an
amendment, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
supplies eor Wallace's command.
Mr., LANE. I move to take up House joint
resolution No. 226. I came herewith nothing on
the Calendar, and this is the only thing I now
have on the list, I desire to leave with noth-
ing on the Calendar. I hope the Senate will
indulge me.
The motion was agreed to ; and the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 226) extending the pro-
visions of section two of an act to extend the
jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, and to pro-
vide for the payment of certain demands for
quartermasters' stores and subsistence supplies
furnished to the Army of the United States,
approved July 4, 1864, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to extend the provisions of sec-
tion two of the act of July 4, 1804, to cover all
cases where quartermasters' stores were act-
ually furnished to forces under command of
Major General Lewis Wallace, and duly re-
ceipted for by persons acting under his author-
ity, during the Morgan raid in Ohio and Indiana
during the summer of 1863 ; and for the pur-
pose of giving such receipts the persons re-
ferred to are to be held to be proper officers
of the Government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would inquire what is
the necessity for the passage of this resolution?
Do not these persons come within the law?
Mr. LANE. I will state the necessity far it
in one moment, and the Senator will see it.
We passed a law on the 4th of July, 1864, that
we supposed covered every possible case; but
the accounting officers of the Treasury refuse
to acknowledge receipts given by officers dur-
ing this Morgan raid because they were not
regularly mustered into the LTnited States
service. The second section of the act of
July 4, 1864, provided:
"That all claims of loyal citizens, in States not in
rebellion, for quartermasters' stores actually fur-
nished to tho Army of the United States, and re-
ceipted for by the proper officer receiving the same,
or which may have been taken by such officers with-
out giving such receipt, may be submitted to the
Quartermaster General of the United States, accom-
panied with such proofs as each claimant can pre-
sent of tho facts in his case ; and it shall be the duty
of the Quartermaster General to cause such claim to
be examined, and, if convinced that it is just,' and
of the loyalty of the claimant, and that the stores
have been actually received or taken for the uso of
and used by said Army, then to report each case to
the Third Auditor of the Treasury, with a recom-
mendation for settlement."
We supposed that was broad enough to reach
every case; but the accounting officers have
determined that volunteer officers under the
command of General Wallace are not embraced
in the term "proper officers'" as here used.
When Morgan invaded the State of Indiana
there were no United States troops there to
meet him. In three days sixteen thousand
troops were raised in the State of Indiana, and
General Wallace, a major general of the Army
of the United States, happening to be at In-
dianapolis, he, at the request of Governor
Morton, took command of those troops. The
regiments had their colonels and quartermas-
ters and commissaries, but they were not
regularly mustered into the service of the Uni-
ted States, and only served some six or eight
days; but in passing through the country in
pursuit of Morgan it was found necessary to
take horses. Perhaps thirty or forty horses
were impressed from the farmers, which at the
end of the expedition were turned over to the
United States. They were receipted for regu-
larly by the commissaries and quartermasters
of the volunteer forces; but those officers never
having been mustered into the United States
service the accounting officers think on this
section they cannot pay on their receipts. That
is the whole difficulty. We simply extend the
provisions of that section in the very words of.
the section itself, to cover these cases where
volunteer officers gave their proper receipts for
the horses.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that is a very
good case as it applies to Indiana. I have tried
to get a bill reported from a committee to meet
