1938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
precisely such a case in my own State ; but I
have never been able to succeed in it. The
facts were that in the State which I have the
honor in part to represent, our militia were
called out to the extent of twenty thousand at
one time, and were under arms, and yet we
have never been able to get a single commis-
sary or quartermaster store paid for. The
troops provided for by this joint resolution ,
were nothing but militia. I never could get a
bill reported to pay persons in the case I have ■
referred to, because the receipts were given by j
militia officers not properly mustered into the |
service of the United States. I am not going
to object to this joint resolution ; I only say
that it will prepare the way for one which I
will try to get reported myself.
Mr. LANE. I will say that this is a House
joint resolution, which, after being passed by
that body, was referred to our Committee on
Military Affairs and reported favorably. It
was reported a month ago, and I have been
trying to get it up. I think the general provis-
ions of law ought to be held to cover the ease;
but the Treasury officers decide differently.
Mr. POMEROY. But there are not less
than a million of dollars of claims precisely in
the same situation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is a very loose
proposition. It covers cases of property taken
by order of Major General Lewis Wallace for
the use of the forces under his command dur-
ing the Morgan raid, "and duly receipted for
by persons acting under his authority." What
"persons?" We do not know what officers they
were, or what became of the property, or any-
thing else. What proof is there to be of the
authority to take the property?
Mr. LANE. If the Senator had listened to
the reading of the act of 1864 he would have
seen precisely what proof is required.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Proof as to loyalty, &c.
Mr. LANE. Yes, sir. That act provides
" that all claims of loyal citizens in States not
in rebellion for quartermasters' stores actually
furnished to the Army of the United States,
and receipted for by the proper officer receiv-
ing the same," are to be paid. The only diffi-
culty is that the quartermaster and commissary
officers of the volunteers are not regarded by
the accounting officers as the '' proper officers''
under this act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But this resolution
speaks of "persons," not officers.
Mr. LANE. The reason for that is that
these troops were sent out and officered upon
a sudden emergency, and the quartermasters
and commissaries were appointed under State
authority, and acted under the orders of Gen-
eral Wallace. If the Senator from Maine will
look at the act of 1864 he will find that it pro-
vides that such claims are to be presented to
the Quartermaster General—
"Accompanied with such proofs as each claimant
can present of tho facts in his case; and it shall be
the duty of the Quartermaster General to cause such
claim to be examined, and if convinced that it is
just, and of the loyalty of tho claimant, and that
the stores have been actually received or taken for
tho use of and used by said Army, then to report
such case to tho Third Auditor of the Treasury with
a recommendation for settlement."
Some thirty or forty horses were taken and
used for about a week, and then turned over
to the United States quartermaster three years
ago ; and the farmers have got no pay for
their horses, and never can get it unless we
pass a resolution of this kind. Every one of
the horses, as the proof shows, was turned
over to the United States, and seized for their
use. That is the whole of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state what I sup-
pose the danger of this is. If it only opened
the door for payment for thirty or forty horses
that were taken by persons under the command
of General Wallace during the Morgan raid I
.am sure there would be no objection to it; but
the law of 1864 was framed with some care so
as to guard against paying for property that
was taken by persons, as this resolution reads,
who were connected with the Army, and we
intended to pay for no property unless it was
actually taken by the proper officer, and re-
ceived and used by the Army. If thisispassed,
what will be the result? In Kentucky, in Ten-
nessee, in West Virginia, and in Missouri, all
of which States now come under the operation
of the law of 1864 by amendatory acts, and in
Kansas, where as the Senator from Kansas has
told you, there is 81,000,000 claimed, we have
got to pay for all the property that was taken
by anybody acting under command of an offi-
cer. I am sure this precedent will open a very
wide door. The original law, it will be seen,
intends to pay for no property where the proper
officer did not give a receipt. Now, if this
resolution was changed so as to provide that
property should only be paid for which was
taken by the quartermaster or commissary of
General Wallace's command it would be dif-
ferent.
Mr. LANE. That is exactly it, "persons
acting under his authority."
Mr. TRUMBULL. If you say persons act-
ing under his authority you have got to pay
for all the property taken by any of our sol-
diers; for they were all acting under some-
body's command.
Mr. LANE. Not at all. This resolution
extends the provisions of the second section
of the act of July 4, 1864, to this case, and
that act requires the proper officer's receipt, j
The accounting officers of the Treasury refuse
to acknowledge these men as officers. That is
the whole trouble. They were officers acting
under authority; but the Treasury refuses to
recognize them as officers, and that is the whole
difficulty.
Mr. IIENDRICKS. This joint resolution is
confined in its operations to Wallace's com-
mand during the Morgan raid. It cannot ex-
tend to any other cases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course not; but can
the Senator from Indiana refuse to extend it
to Kentucky and to Tennessee and to Missouri,
and to the other States in precisely such cases?
Mr. HENDRICKS. If there is any other
such cases as the case of the Morgan raid I
would not want to refuse to extend it. If the
troops of the southern army invaded any other
northern State, or State not in rebellion, and
made war there, and the people had to rise to
meet it because there were no troops of the
Army there, I should say that the expenses of
that volunteer force ought certainly to be paid
by the United States, whether it was in Illinois
or in Indiana or elsewhere; but this joint res-
olution is confined exclusively in its operations
to the Morgan raid and to the soldiers under
General Wallace's command.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As it reads, if any-
body under his command chose to take a horse
and give a receipt for it, the Government is to
pay for it.
Mr. LANE. It has to be proved that a
proper officer gave a proper receipt.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not the ex-
pression. It is "persons acting under his
authority;" it does not say "proper officer."
Mr. LANE. It extends the provision of the
act of 1864, and the manner of proof is all
contained in the second section of that act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does not say the
proof required by that act.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, it does; for it
extends the provisions of that law to this class
of cases. I cannot think there is any danger
in it. It is a most meritorious case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
the words "and duly receipted for by persons
acting under his authority."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I hope that will not be
done, because it will defeat the joint resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How defeat it?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Because the amend-
ment cannot be concurred in in the House of
Representatives, in all probability.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Because there is jiot
time. At any rate I do not think it is neces-
sary.
Mr. LANE. Striking that out leaves nothing
of the resolution. We intended to cover cases
where officers under his command receipted
for property, as their receipts are not recog-
nized at the quartermaster's department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would recognize
them. If the provisions of that act were ex-
tended to the case, the officers of the same rela-
tive rank would be the "proper officers."
Extending the provisions of that act to this
case distinctly and in terms would be sufficient;
but it would not allow of course anybody's
receipt to be taken who might happen to take
a horse and give a receipt for it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the Senator
from Indiana that he allow this joint resolution
to be passed over informally so that I may call
up the post route bill.
Mr. LANE. Oh, no. I shall never be able
to get it up again.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must insist upon going
on with the tax bill presently.
Mr. LANE. I think I can show the Senator
from Maine in a very few minutes that there ia
no use in passing the resolution if his amend-
ment be made. It will amount simply to noth-
ing at all. The resolution is:
That the provisions of section two of tho above-en-
titled act, be, and they are hereby, extended to cover
all cases of quartermaster's stores actually furnished
to forces under command of Major General Lewis
Wallace.
Under the present law, if there were proper
officers under him, technically speaking, the
cases would be included. But there were not,
and hence the necessity for the words "duly
receipted for by persons acting under his au-
thority during the Morgan raid," &c. If you
strike out that part of the resolution, the offi-
cers who acted will not be held to be proper
officers ; and if that clause is stricken out the
resolution might as well lie on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator is
mistaken. If amended as I propose, it will
apply to whoever may be the officers holding
the same relative position, on the same footing
precisely as others.
Mr. LANE. I would agree to tho Senator's
amendment if he would leave in the words "and
for the purpose of giving such receipts for prop-
erty so applied said persons shall be held to
be proper officers of the Government."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator is
mistaken in his construction. Those words I
move to strikeout also. I should like to have
the phraseology changed to make it a little
more safe.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. LANE. I believe the Senator from
Illinois has prepared an amendment which
will satisfy all parties.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the
resolution by striking out in line seven the
words "persons acting under his authority"
and inserting "acting quartermasters of his
command."
Mr. IIENDRICKS. Will not that raise pre-
cisely the same question which is raised under
the law ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No ; because tins de-
clares that the acting quartermaster's receipt
shall be received. Thpt is the difficulty now,
as I understand.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The amendment was ordered to
be engrossed, and the resolution to be read a
third time. The resolution was read the third
time, and passed.
NATIONAL CAPITAL INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. MORRILL, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 234) to incorpo-
rate the National Capital Insurance Company,
submitted the following report:
The committee of conference appointed upon the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon Hou?e
bill No. 234, to incorporate the National Capital In-
surance Company, having met, after full and free con-
ference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses, a.* follows:
That the Senate recede from their first amendment,
with the following amendment: in line nine, page 1,
after the word "elsewhere" insert "subject to thfl
laws of the several States."
