500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January -Iff,
Mr. BIN GH AM. Mr. Speaker, the two bills
now pending before the House, and which X have
moved to commit to the Committee on Recon-
struction, are, first the bill introduced by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. .Stevexs]
without the sanction of aiay committee, and by
way of substitute for the bill originally reported
by the Committee on Reconstruction; and the
other is the bill'reported from the Committee on
the Territories by my colleague, [Mr. Ashley.]
In all= that I may say to-day, Mr. Speaker,
I do not wish to be understood as seeking to
enforce iipon the House any plan of my own.
I desire merely to call the attention of the
House' to the attempts made by these two
measures to induce the House to depart from
what has hitherto been agreed upon by the
Committee oa Reconstruction; what has hith-
erto been done and sanctioned by the Thirty-
Ninth Congress; what has hitherto been done
and sanctioned by the people through the pub-
lic press, in their primary assemblies, at the
ballot-box, and finally what is now being done,
and conclusively done, By the people of the
organized States through their legislative as-
semblies. Neither, sir, do Iintendto be under-
stood, in anything I may say here to-day, as
attempting to limit by.any poor words of mine
the sovereignty and power of the people of the
United States to take such security as, in their
judgment, they may deem effectual for the
future safety of the Republic and the protec-
tion of the rights of all the people of the Re-
public. It is because I insist upon that right
of th« people—a right that belongs alone to
the people, and which can be exercised effect-
ively only by the people—that I oppose the
legislation contemplated by the honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] and
by my colleague, [Mr. Ashley.]
While there are many, and, in my judgment,
■^eighty objections to these bills, that just stated
i§-not the least of them. I challenge these
bills to-day, in the presence of the House of
Representatives and in the presence of the
nation, as a substantial denial of the right of
the great people who have saved this Republic
by arms to save it by fundamental law—law
emanating from the people, law resting upon
the sovereign will of the people alone, law
beyond the power of this Congress or of any
subsequent Congress by mere legislative enact-
ments to repeal or in any manner limit or
restrict. Standing upon this proposition of
the right and duty of the people to settle for
themselves this great question, which involves
the future of the nation, the life and stability
of American institutions, I ask the House to con-
sider what has been done thus far upon the sub-
ject of restoration and the public safety by the
Committee on Reconstruction, by the Congress
by which that committee was appointed, and
after them by the people themselves? First, sir,
that committee, reflecting, as I believe, the will
of. the House and the Senate as well as the
judgment of the people of the organized States
of this Union, came to the conclusion that
there was no future safety for the Republic, no
security against a future rebellion similar to
that which has recently rocked the continent
and filled all good men in this land and in other
lands with fears of the failure of this great
experiment of republican government, but by
incorporating in the Constitution itself such a
provision as would protect in all the hereafter
the rights of every citizen and every State by
the combined power of the whole people.
To that end that committee prepared an
article of amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, and submitted it to the con-
sideration of this House and of the Senate.
That article of amendment is substantially that
all persons born in this land, within the juris-
diction of the United States, without regard to
complexion or previous condition, are citizens
of the Republic ; that no State shall make or
enforce any law which shall abridge the privi-
leges and immunities of citizens of the United
States; that no State shall deprive any person
of life or liberty or property without due pro-
cess of law; that no State shall deny to any per-
son within its jurisdiction the equal protection
of the laws; that representation hereafter
among these States shall be apportioned ac-
cording to the whole number ef representative
population in each; that those who have vio-
lated official oaths to support the Constitution
of the United States shall be ineligible to any
office, civil or military, State or national, until
such disability shall be-removed by act of Con-
gress; that neither the United States nor any
State of this Union shall ever assume or pay
any debt contracted in aid of the late rebellion
or make compensation'for slaves; and that the
debt contracted in defense of the nation's life
shall be' forever inviolable; and crowning all
with thegrand, comprehensive gr&nt of power,
that the Congress of the United States shall
be authorized by appropriate legislation to en-
force this provision.
Mr. Speaker, I stand here to-day filled with
the conviction, as strong as knowledge or that
light which comes direct from heaven, that the
future safety of this people depends in some sort
upon the incorporation into their Constitution
of that great amendment. If it had been there
from the beginning, you never in "my judgment
would have been troubled with the late rebel-
lion.
Now, it is attempted to be said here, and else-
where, too, that it was not the conclusion of
the joint Committee on Reconstruction of the
Senate and the House of Representatives that
this amendment was to be made the basis of
reconstruction. I beg leave to remind the
House and to remind the country that that
was the very .conclusion to which that commit-
tee did come; and which they reported to the
House and Senate. As evidence of this, sir, I
refer to the bill which was reported by order of
that committee, and as a substitute for which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vexsJ has interposed the bill which is now pend-
ing before the House. That committee reported
at the last session a bill together with the con-
stitutional amendment, and which bill is as
follows:
"Be it ennctedby the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Cong reus assem-
bled, That whenever the above-recited amendment
shall have become part of the Constitution of the
United States, and any State lately in insurrection
shall have ratified the same, and shall have modified
its constitution and laws in conformity therewith, the
Senators and Representatives from such State,_ if
found duly elected and qualified, may, after having
taken the required oaths of office, be admitted into
Congress as such.
" Sec.. 2. And be it further enacted, That when any
State lately in insurrection shall have ratified the
foregoing amendment to the Constitution, any part
of the direct tax under the act of August 5, 1861,
which may remain due and unpaid in such State, may
be assumed and paid by such State r and the payment
thereof, upon proper assurances from such State, to
be given to the Secretary of the Treasury of the D nited
States, may be postponed for a period not exceeding
ten years from and after the passage of this act."
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow
me to say that that bill was not reported in con-
nection with the present pending amendment;
but it was reported in connection with an
amendment which was defeated.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand the gentle-
man exactly. That bill was reported in con-
nection with the pending amendment, every
word of it substantially, except this: the third
section of that amendment as it now stands
was reported by the committee as a bill subject
to modification by a majority of Congress, which
by the amendment may be modified in its effect
by Congress, two thirds assenting thereto.
There was another section which the Con-
gress rejected, in my judgment wisely rejected;
that was the section which disqualified rebels
from voting for members of Congress or elect-
ors for President and Vice President until 1870.
it will not do for the gentleman to say that
that bill ceased to operate as a declaration of
the judgment of the joint Committee on Recon-
struction, when the fact is on record that every
member of that committee in this House and in
the Senate voted to strike out the third section
of the amendment and incorporate in its stead
what was before reported" by the committee, as
I have already said, in the form of a bill impos-
ing the disability to hold office, military or
civil, State or national, upon those who had
broken official oaths to the United States to
engage in rebellion. I stand upon the prop-
osition that the Congress by that vote did give
out this amendment to the people of" the U ni-
ted States as the future basis of reconstruction;
and further, that every member representing
the Union party upon the joint Committee on
Reconstruction, by recording his vote in the
Senate and in the House of Representatives
in favor of the substitution of the third section
of the amendment as it now is for the third
section as it was originally reported, thereby,
declared the amendment, as it now is, the
basis of reconstruction as provided in the bill
reported by that committee, and is bound to
stand by his record so made if he would be
consistent. Mr. Speaker, the people of the
United States so understood and accepted it.
There are gentlemen here, not a few I under-
take to say, who owe their reelection to the
Fortieth Congress to the fact that the Union
State conventions in the States which they
represent upon this floor declared their ac-
ceptance of this constitutional amendment, in
manner and form as it now stands, as a con-
dition of future restoration.
In saying this I am not saying that either
directly or indirectly or by implication this
restricts, in any manner or form, the power of
the Congress of the United States in the mean
time to pass such laws as may be necessary for
the protection of life and liberty and property
throughout the lately insurgent States. To me
nothing can be clearer than that the power so
to legislate over those States, until their due
reorganization and restoration, is in the Con-
gress of the United States and nowhere else.
It is precisely because I believe thatvthe sov-
ereignty of the nation is alone in the organized
constitutional States of this Union, maintain-
ing their relations to the Federal Government,
and represented in the Congress of the United
StatesTXhat I claim the existence of the power
in this Congress, first, to propose to the sev-
eral States so organized this amendment to the
Constitution for their ratification; and second,
to pass and enforce within the lately insurgent
States for the time being all laws not inconsist-
ent with the provisions of the Constitution of
the United States for the protection, through-
out those States, of every person in his rights
of life, liberty, and property. This is no new
opinion with me, but a conviction uttered in
my place here five years since and early in the
rebellion. Time and the action of every de-
partment of the Government have only con-
firmed me in it.
Sir, the gentleman's bill, while it conflicts
with the constitutional amendment, totally
ignores the first duty of the Congress of the
United States, to give the protection of law
to life and property in disorganized States.
I listened, sir, with due attention to the gentle-
man's carefully prepared remarks. I weighed
his words. I know that his heart was right
when he said that it was fit and proper that
those who are without the protection of law in
disorganized States should have the protection
of law, and that right speedily. But I chal-
lenge the gentleman, and I challenge any advo-
cate of his bill, to the issue that I make to-day :
that his bill gives no protection of law or color
of protection which those people have not now.
It gives no protection to anybody, loyal or dis-
loyal, in any State.
Because of that I may be pardoned for oppos-
ing the bill, as also for the reason before
stated that it is a clear, palpable departure
from the intent and letter of your constitu-
tional amendment. The bill, in my judgment,
is framed in the spirit of the utterances of a dis-
tinguished man of this country wno has been
waging war on this amendment and this Con-
gress, denouncing both as a "swindle," and
asking the swindling Congress to "fling the
swindling amendment out of the window."
