February 15,
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
" A message from the Senate, 1?£Mr. Forney
its (Secretary, announced that'the Senate insistec
upon their disagreement'to the amendments of
the House to the bill .of the Senate No. 453.
regulating the temjre of certain civil office^
• and- agree to the conference asked by the
House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon; and have appointed Mr.
Williams., Mr, Sherman, and Mr. Buchalew
to "act as conferees o.n the part of the Senate.
The liiessage further announced that the
Senate had passed bills and joint resolutions
of'the following titles, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested:
A bill (S. No. 598) for the relief of William
H. Harmon ;
A bill (S. No. 602) granting a pension to
Ezra B. Gordon;
A bill (S. No. 421) to authorize the con-
struction of a submerged tubular bridge across
the Mississippi river at the city of St. Louis;
A bill (S. No. 581) granting a pension to
Oliver W. Cannon;
A bill (S. No. 684) for the relief of Elias
Bealej late captain of company H, eighth regi-
ment Tennessee volunteer infantry;
A bill (S. No. 535) for the benefit of Mrs.
Jerusha Page;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 421) for the
relief of Martha McCook ; and
A joint resolution (S. ft. No.167) forthe relief
of certain enlisted men of the seventh regiment
of West Virginia volunteers.
THOMAS W.' FRY, JR.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee of
Claims, also reported a joint resolution for
the relief of Thomas W. I'ry, jr., late captain
and assistant quartermaster at Alton, Illinois ;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The preamble of the joint resolution states
that on the 11th of May, 1865, at the city of
Alton, Illinois, the office and safe of Thomas
W. Fry, jr., captain and assistant quartermas-
ter of volunteers, was burglariously entered
and robbod of the sum of $10,815 09 of public
money of the quartermaster's department of
the United States Array, then and there prop-
erly in the custody of said quartermaster, and
for whioh he was and is lawfully responsible;
also, that it appears that said robbery was
perpetrated without the fault or neglect on the
part of said officer.
The joint resolution, therefore, directs the
proper accounting officers, in settling the
amount to be allowed to Thomas W. Pry, jr.,
late captain and assistant quartermaster of
volunteers, to allow to him such sums as may
be satisfactorily proven to have been stolen at
the tane and jilace stated in the preamble.
Mr. PRICE. 1 would ask if there is any
report in this ease?
Mr. DELANO. A report was prepared by
thegentleman from Indiana, [.Mr. Washburx,]
a incmber of the committee, in whose hands
this case was placed. He has been called away
from the city, and I have reported the case for
him. . I will send his report to the Clerk's
desk to be read.
The Clerk read the report.
Mr. PRICE rose.
Mr. DELANO. I am afraid I shall have to
allow "us joint resolution to go on the Private
Calendar if its consideration is to take much
time.
Mr. ORTH. I hope not.
., Mr. PRICE. I do not desire to occupy more
than three minutes of time. • •
Mr. DELANO. Very well.
Mr. PRICE. I caliect'for th,e reading of the
report because I wished to ascertain whether
the party who seeks this relief had made use
of all means in his power for the preservation
and safe-keeping of this money. Again and
again we are called upon to relieve parties
who have been in possession of the public
money and public property. Now, I think the
danger is that we are not sufficiently careful.
I know nothing of this case' beyond wh^t- is
disclosed in the report;' but I do know that-in
the city of Alton there are a great many good
vaults in which this money might have been
safely kept; I do know, in addition, that in
other cities of the same size where there have
.been places where money could be-safely kept
it has been the custom for paymasters and
quartermasters of the Army to keep their
moneys in such places. If this money had
been so kept it would not have been lost-, and
the Government would not have been called
upon to sustain that loss. I want to say that,
although I have great confidence in the ability
and integrity of the Committee of Claims, yet
I think too much vigilance cannot be exercised
in reference to claims of this kind; and in my
opinion we ought not to extend relief to par-
ties who might have kept the public money
safely and have not done so.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DELANO. I agree fully with all that
the gentleman has said. The views which he
has expressed are, I believe, entertained by all
the members of the committee and have guided
them in their action.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. ORTH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed: and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMPENSATION FOR BOATS LOST.
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Speaker, I report baek
from the Committee of Claims House bill No.
178, entitled " An act to amend section two,
chapter one hundred and twenty-nine of public
acts of 1840," with a recommendation that it
pass. It is a bill the passage of which is
required by the public interest.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read tho third time, it was read
at length. It provides that the section named
in the title of the bill be so defined as to in-
clude only such boats as have been actually
destroyed by the public enemy while in the
Government service during the war of the
rebellion ; and it is provided that in all cases
where a boat, steamer, or other vessel in the
Government service by impressment or con-
tract shall have been destroyed by the public
enemy without the fault of the owner or his
agent, tho actual loss sustained shall be paid
by the Secretary of the Treasury, after the
account and claim shall have been duly ex-
amined^ audited, and allowed by the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury.
Mr. DELANO. The object of this bill is
to interpret a section of the existing law, to
obviate a construction which has led in some
instances. to large- expenditures of money. I
call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STOKES. I would like to hear the bill
again read.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would suggest that the
Clerk also read the section which this bill pro-
poses to construe.
Mr. DELANO. I shall have to withdraw
this bill if it is to consume much time.
Mr. LE BLOND. Let the gentleman make
a brief explanation.
Mr. DELANO. The section of the enacting
law with regard to boats, &c., used in the con-
veyance of the Government property is liable
to an interpretation which makes heavy drains
upon the Treasury. The object of this section
is to limit and control the present law so that
boats only lost by destruction by the enemy
during the war shall fall within the scope of
existing law.^ That is the purpose of the bill,"
and I am satisfied it ought to pass.
. Mr. NOELL, Does ft proyide for boats
impressed into the Government service and'
lost during the time they were in that service?
Mr. DELANO. It expressly provides for
them-
• Mr. NO ELL. Does it exclude payment for
boats lost by capture of the enepiy 1
Mr. DELANO. It limits tie present law
to such cases. .
Mr. NOELL. Doesitalgo provide for boats
destroyed.by our own.troops?
Mr. DELANO. Itdoes not touch that ques-
tion.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DELAN 0 moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed"; .and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed ;to.
JAMES J. HUDNELJ,.
Mr. THORNTON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a joint resolution for the relief
of James J. Hudnell; which was read a first
and second time.
The Secretary of the Treasury is directed,
in the settlement of the accounts of James J.
Hudnell, collector of the sixth congressional
district of Kentucky, to credit him with the sum
of $1,900 for money lost by him in Petersburg,
Boone county, Kentucky, on the 16th August,
1866.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is there any report
in the case?
ifr. THORNTON. There is a report, but
perhaps I can explain it in a few words. The
claimant was collecting money in that district
and while in attendance at Petersburg, forty
miles from any bank, he deposited his money
in a banking-house to which he was recoiii-*
mended and where the community mainly
deposited their money. The battle safe was
broken open during the night and his money
was stolen as well as that of others. It- is
proved by the assistant assessor, as well as by
half a .dozen others, that this money was so
deposited and stolen ; and there is ample proof
of the integrity of this party.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. If I mistake not
there was a special law providing these depos-
its should not be made in State banks.
Mr. THORNTON. This was a private
bank and not a State bank. There was no
bank nearer than Covington.
; Mr. PARNSWORTH" It. seems to me this
is not consistent with the action of the commit-
tee at the last session in the case of a deputy
collector in my own district, who \j?as also
county treasurer. He deposited money in the
safe provided by the county for the safe-keep-
ing of its funds—some-five or six hundred dol-
lars of Government funds. That safe was
blown open and the robber carried off the
money. This case was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims and they reported against it.
If it is not as strong a ease as the one now
pending I cannot see it.
Mr. THORNTON. There is a difference
between the two cases. In the case the gen-
tleman refers to there was no proof, but only
the statement of the claimant, as to the amount
of money lost, while in this ease there is abun-
dant proof. _ I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly -read the third
time, and passed.-
Mr. THORNTON, moved to reconsider the
vote by whieh the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
MILWAUKEE AND ROCK RIVER CANAL COMPANY.
Mr. SLOAN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back Senate joint resolution No. 102,
construing and giving effect to the joint resolu-
tion entitled "A resolution for the relief of
the State of Wisconsin," approved July 1,
1864, with the recomrbendatiOft that it do pass.
Ihe joint resolution provides that the reso-
