1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
1265
lution for the relief ofllie State of Wisconsin,
dated July 1, 1864, be so construed as to enti-
tle the Milwaukee and Rock River Canal Com-
pany to reimbursement, out of the canal land
fund therein mentioned, for the amounts which
are proved to have been paid out by it for in-
terest in carrying on the work mentioned in said
former resolution in the same manner as for
other suras by it expended. Also for the amount
which is proved to have been expended by it
in necessary repairs and management of the
canal after the date of the resolution, bu.t be-
fore the date of the settlement made thereun-
der, provided said company shall not receive
more than the amount of th« residue of the
trust fund arising from the sale of the canal
lands charged against the State in the settle-
ment and not heretofore paid over to said com-
' pany; and the Secretary of the Department of
the Interior shall complete the settlement by
making said further allowance to the com-
pany up to the amount of the rescue of the
canal lands fund, and the same shall be paid to
the company out of any moneys in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. BOSS. I raise the point of order that
it is an appropriation bill. It is rather an
obscure bill, and I think it ought to go to the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SLOAN. I hope the gentleman will
not insist upon his objection. It can be easily
explained.
Mr. EOSS. I withdraw my point of order.
Mr. UPSON. I renew it.
The SPEAKER. The bill goes to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on'the Private Calendar.
ii. c. iiouck. '
Mr. SLOAN, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Colonel L. C.
Houck, of Tennessee ; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill recites that whereas the Secretary
of War authorized the claimant to raise a regi-
ment of infantry in February, 1802, and he pro-
ceeded to organize the third regiment of East
Tennessee militia, and in doing so expended
$1,868 20, therefore the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be authorized and directed to pay to him
the said sum.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SLOAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
george w. ashbukn.
Mr. THORNTON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of George
W. Ashburn ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay $3,838 77 to the claimant in full
for his equal part of the proceeds of certain
property seized and condemned as the prop-
erty of one Frederick Stewart, in the year
1863, in the State of Tennessee.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I raise the point of
order, that it is an appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. It contains on appropria-
tion, and must therefore go to the Committee
of the Whole.
By unanimous consent, the accompanying
report was ordered to be printed.
relief of contractors for war vessels.
Mr. SLOAN, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill No. 220, for the
relief of certain contractors for the construc-
tion of vessels of war and steam machinery,
with an amendment to strike out all after the
enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof th§
following as a substitute :
That the Secretary of the Kavy js hereby author^
ized an J directed to investigate the claim's of the fo,U
lowing contractors for bmidi^g ?rcin ant} ironclad
vessels of war and stew machinery for the s J«e,
namely: T. F. Rowland, Uamsoji Lorin&f, 3<mo Secor
& Co., the Novo\tjf Works, Posey, Jones & Co., Wil-
liam iPcrrine, karnes B. Eaus, George W. Quintard,
z. & P. Secoj, William Pemno and Z. & F. Secor,
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 80.
Alexander Swift & Co. and Niles Works, Snowden
& Mason, Donald McKay, Miles Greenwood, mc~
Cord & Bestor, Donahue, Ryan & Secor, A. W.jpen-
inead & Sons, the Stover Machine Company^ and
said investigation to be made upon the following
basis: he shall ascertain the additional cost which
was necessarily incurred by each contractor in the
completion of his work by reason of any changes or
alterations in the plans and specifications required,
and delays in the prosecution of the work occasioned
by the (Government, which were not provided for in
the original contract, but no allowance for any
advancc in the price of labor or material shall be
considered unless such advance occurred during the
prolonged time for completing tbe work, rendered
necessary by the delay resulting from the action of
the Government aforesaid, and then only when such
advance could not have been avoided by the exer-
cise of ordinary prudence and diligence on the part
of the contractor; and from such additional cost, to
be ascertained as aforesaid, there shall be deducted
such sum as inay have been paid each contractor for
any reason heretofore, over and above the contract
pricc; and shall report to Congress a tabular state-
ment of each case, whieh shall contain the name of
the contractor, a description of the work, the con-
tract price, the whole increased cost of the work over
the contract price, and the amount of such increased
cost caused by the delay and action of the Govern-
ment as aforesaid, and the amount already paid the
contractor over and above the contract price.
Mr. SLOAN". I present a report accom-
panying the bill, which 1 ask to have read.
The Clerk proceeded to read the report, and
before concluding the morning hour expired,
and the bill went over until the next morning
hour.
By unanimous consent, the substitute and
report were ordered to be printed.
Mr. McKEE gave notice of the following
amendment as a substitute, which, by unani-
mous consent, was ordered to be printed:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of\Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and hereby is, authorized and directed to pay, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to the contractors of vesscls-of-war and steam
machinery, on contracts made by the Navy Depart-
ment during the years 1S62 and 1863, the actual cost
to each contractor incurred, over and above the con-
tract price, and allowance for extra work, which cost
was the result of delays, caused by the order of the
Department, either from changes in plans and speci-
fications or from delays in furnishing the same:
Provided, That none butthose which bave given sat-
isfaction to the Department shall be considered.
sec. 2. Andbe it further resolved, That in the adjust-
ment of these claims the Secretary of the Navy is
authorized and directed to appoint a board of three
competent persons to examine into and report upon
each separate case, as provided in the first section,
and the award of losses so ascertained shall be paid
to the claimants by the Secretary of the Treasury
without further authority than that given in this
resolution.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That the pay-
ments hereby authorized to bo made shall be in full
for all claims on the part of said contractors, and no
moneys shall be paid until each party to whom an
award is made shall execute to the Secretary of the
Treasury a receipt in full, and releasing all "claims
against the Navy Department for further compen-
sation on account of said contract or alterations
thereto.
Mr. AVOODBRIDGE gave notice of the fol-
lowing amendment as a substitute, which, by
unanimous consent, was ordered to be printed :
Be it resolved by the Senate and Ilouse of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
authorized to pay, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to the contractors of the
following vessels the amounts awarded by the board
appointed by the Secretary of the Navy, under a
resolution of the Senate of March 9,1865. namely:
Onondaga, G. W. Quintard contractor, $-35,203 91;
Tecumseh, Z. & F, Secor contractors, $119,020 57;
Mahopac, Z. k F. Secor contractors, $119,020 57;
Manhattan, W. Perrine & Z. Secor contractors,
$119,02Q 57; Catawba, A. Swift & Co, contractors,
6114,009 94; Oneota, A. Swift & Co. contractors,
§114,009 94; Mnnayunk, Snowden & Mason contract-
ors, $71,569 42; Naubuc, William Perrine contractor,
$3(5,583 44. Also to pay Miles Greenwood $94,659 41,
being the amount lost in building the Tippecanoe on
account of alterations and additions made by the
Navy Department. Also to Charles W, McCord
$47,287 1G, and to George C. Bestor $57,958 83, being
amounts lost in building the monitors Etlah and
Sfailoh respectively! said losses being caused by al-
terations additions ordered by the Navy Depart-
3. And b,e it further resolved^ at the Secre-
tary of the Navy bo authorized and directed to ap-
point a competent hoard of not Jess than three per-
sons to examine aU contracts of ships-of-'war and
steam machinery, made by the Navy Donartmcnt
during the years 1862 and 1863, and where tho losses
have been sustained by the interference of the Gov-
ernment, that the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized and directed to pay the amounts awarded
by said board out of any money not otherwise appro-
priated.
Mr. INGERSOLL gave notice of the follow-
ing amendment as a substitute, which by unan-
imous consent was ordered to be printed:
_ Be it resolved by the Senate and House of RepreseiUa*
lives of the United States of America in Qmgre&t assem-
bled, That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized and directed to pay to Charles W. McCord
twelve per cent, upon the contract price of the mon-
itor Etlah, and to George C. Bestor twelve per cent,
upon the contract price of the monitor Shiloh, the
said amount to be in fali for losses incurred on account
of alterations and enlargements ordered on said ves-
sels by the Navy Department, the same to be paid
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated,
message erok tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill of the following title, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested,
namely:
A bill (S. No. 605) to amend the twenty-
first section of an act entitled "An act further
to prevent smuggling, and for other purposes,"
approved July 18, 1866.
the constitutional amendment.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Governor of the State
of New York, transmitting a copy of a joint
resolution of the Legislature of that State rati-
fying the proposed constitutional amendment;
which was laid upijn the table, and ordered to
be printed.
paris exposition.
Mr. ELDRIDGE presented a memorial of
the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin in
relation to the Paris Exposition; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
wisconsin railroad land-grant.
Mr. ELDRIDGE also presented a memorial
of the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin,
for a grant of land to aid in. the construction
of the G-reen Bay and Lake Pepin railway ;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
evening session.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the House take a recess this day from half
past four to half past seven o'clock p. m., for
the purpose of resuming the consideration of
the tax bill at the evening session.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent to order that the evening session shall
be devoted to the consideration of any particu-
lar subject. But the order for a recess can bo
made by a majority.
Mr.' HOOPER. Very well; I submit the
motion for a recess.
The motion was agreed to.
leave 0e absence.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absence for Mr. Dixon, of Rhode Island,
for one week.
Mr. TRIMBLE asked and obtained leave
of absence for one week for himself.
Mr. ECKLEY asked and obtained for him-
self indefinite leave of absence.'
equalization of bounties.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now call for the regular
order, . .
The SPEAKER. The first business m order
is the consideration of House bill No. 83G, re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs
with an amendment, being_ a bill to equalize
the bounties of soldiers, sailors, and marines,
who served in the late war for the Union.
The bill is as follows, the amendment of the
committee being inclosed within brackets:
Me it enacted hy the Senate and Ilouse of Jieprescnta-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That, instead of any grant of land or otboT
bounty, there shall be allowed and paid
every soldier, sailor, and marine, who xaiuiruuy
servod as such in the Army, Navy, or manno corps
of the United States, and who has been, or
hereafter be, honorablydischargedtromsuchsej vice,
the sum of eight and one third dollars per montn, 01
at tho rate of §100 per year, as hereinafter pro} idtd,
for ail the time during: wbich such soldier, sailor, or
marmft netuallv so served, between the llih day oi
Aprifj^l,^nd the 19th day of April, 1863. And m
