1942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
relief of the inhabitants of cities and towns
upon the public lands.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
concur in the House amendment with the fol-
lowing amendment to be added to it:
Provided, That no title shall bo acquired under
the provisions of this act to any mine of gold, silver,
cinnabar, or copper. j
Mr. POMEROY. This has not been ex- j
nmined by any committee that I know ot.
Mr. STEWART. It has been examined
by the Committee on Public Lands of each
House.
Mr. CONNESS. It is the same bill that
was debated here the other day.
Mr. JOHNSON. How does the House
amendment differ from our bill?
Mr. STEWART. It does not differ in any
material particular, except that they have left
out a proviso of mine.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to know how
the amendment varies the bill.
Mr. STEWART. The amendment I now
propose?
Mr. JOHNSON. I speak of the House
amendment, which I understand is a substi-
tute for our bill.
Mr. STEWART. They have changed the
phraseology, but in substance the two bills are
the same except that theirs is a general bill
and ours only applied to a few States specific-
ally named.
Mr. JOHNSON. Was the amendment the
Senator proposes in the original bill ?
Mr. STEWART. It was in the original bill,
but not in the same language. I think this
language will be acceptable.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator from Ne-
vada will agree, I think it is best, perhaps, to
have the matter referred to the Committee on
Public Lands. They can consider it in their
seats and report it back at almost any time.
That will be more satisfactory to the Senate,
and I hope it will be done. I move that the
bill and amendment be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
fortification bii.l.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. 11. No. 1184) making ap-
propriations for the construction, preservation,
and repairs of certain fortifications and other
works of defense for the fiscal year ending June
30, 18G8.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend the bill by striking out the second sec-
tion, in these words:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there shall
not be over fifty per cent, of the foregoing appropri-
ations expended during the fiscal year ending June
30,1868, and the residue thereof shall not be expended
till otherwise ordered.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the bill
by adding the following additional section :
And be it further enacted. That in order to determine
the relative powers of resistance of theturretandthe
broadside systems of iron-clad vessels-of-war, and
whether or not our present heaviest guns are ade-
quate to the rapid destruction of the heaviest plated
ships now built or deemed practicable on cither sys-
tem, and whether or not our best stone forts will re-
sist our heaviest guns, and if not, what increase in
strength by adding either stomo or iron, or variation
in form is necessary to that end, the Secretary of War
and the Secretary of the Navy are hereby authorized
to detail a joint board of not less than six competent
officers, three from the Army and three from the
Navy, whose duty it shall be to construct and test
by firing upon them such targets as they may deem
necessary for the purpose above named; and the
Secretary of War and the Secretary of the Navy are
hereby authorized and directed to supply tho board
with such facilities for this purpose as they may
require: Provided, It can be done from tho unex-
pended funds and materials now at their disposal,
the expenses to be borne equally by the War and
Navy Departments, and from such funds at their dis-
posal as tho Seoretary of War and the Seoretary of
the Navy may designato respoctively.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. I offer the following amend-
ment with the approval of the Committee on
Finance, to come in after line sixty-six on
page 3:
For thi construction and repair of barracks for
engineer troops at the depot of engineer supplies at
AVillet's Point, New York, $25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
naval appropriation bill.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill (H. R. No. 1170J making
appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending 30th June, 1868.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to insert after line thirty-three on
page 2, at the end of the appropriation for the
Boston navy-yard:
For purchase of wharf adjoining tho navy-yard
8136,000: Provided, That this sum shall cover the
whole cost of the property, and it can be acquired
on terms satisfactory to the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to know whether
that is the sum that was fixed last year?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The same sum.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following clause from line forty-one to line
forty-seven:
And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby authorized
and directed to rcceive and accept a deed of gift, when
offered by the State of Connecticut, of a tract of land
situated on the Thames river, near New London, Con-
necticut, with a water front of not less than one mile,
to be held by the United States for naval purposes.
Mr. FOSTER, (Mr. Pomeroy in the chair.)
I should like to know why the committee pro-
posed this amendment, striking outthose words.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee thought
it would be time enough to act upon the question
of accepting a deed of gift to land on the 1 ham es,
in Connecticut, near New London, when the
State of Connecticut offered it. It has not
offered anything of that sort at present. To
pass a provision of this kind is entirely useless,
certainly unusual. We do not know now what
is proposed to be done with this land if it shall
be given. When Congress acts on such a mat-
ter Congress should know distinctly what the
offer is, instead of leaving it to the discretion
of somebody else before the offer is made to
accept it when it shall be made. Besides, we
supposed that if this provision was made it
might be considered as an implied obligation,
having accepted the gift, to proceed to use it
for naval purposes, which at present Congress
is not prepared to determine. These were the
simple reasons that operated on the mind of
the committee in proposing to strike out the
clause. We saw no good reason why it should
be there.
Mr. FOSTER. It is a mistake to suppose
that an offer of this land has not been made by
the Legislature of the State of Connecticut.
If I mistake not, two years ago the Legislature
took the necessary steps to transfer the juris-
diction of this tract of land to the United States.
Everything requisite to be done on the part
of the State to convey it to the United States
has been done by the State of Connecticut; and
if the offer has not been formally or technically
made, it is because the State, in her modesty,
has not thought proper to appear obtrusive in
regard to her gift. It may not be as "munifi-
cent" as some other gifts that have been
offered to the United States and accepted; but
I can assure the Senator, and I can assure the
Senate, that so far as the State of Connecticut
is concerned there will be nothing implied in
the acceptance of this gift by the United States;
and, further than that, it will not be an expen-
sive gift to the United States, for it will not cost
what some other gifts accepted by Congress
will cost before they can be of any possible
utility to the country.
The frigate Sabine, which is the practice-ship
of the Navy, has been making New London
harbor her -station for more than a year past.
It is very frequently the case that the young
lads on board are taken on shore to be drilled,
and it would be very convenient if there was a
drilling-ground which could be used for that
purpose. There are very many purposes for
which this land may be used with very great
advantage by the Government. There is noth-
ing, as I apprehend, wanting on the part of the
State of Connecticut to complete the offering
of the property. Her action may not be offi-
cially before the Senate; but I can assure the
Senator from Maine and the Senate that every-
thing has been done which is requisite in order
to give the Government of the United States a
tract of land there which will be very valuable,
in my opinion, for naval purposes. It seems to
me a little singular that it should be declined.
I can see no reason why it should be. It costs
nothing to accept it. If it should not be offered
finally in such a manner as to convey anything,
the Secretary of the Navy will probably not
accept it; but if it should be deemed of any
possible use to the Government I can see no
reason why it should be refused. I confess the
opposition of the honorable Senator to the
acceptance of a conveyance of this sort seems
to me strange, unusual, unaccountable.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the Sen-
ator that my opposition is not more to this
than it was to League Island. I voted against
the acceptance of that gift knowing all about
it; and now I vote against the acceptance of
this gift bemuse I do not know anything about
it, and because Congress knows nothing about
it. What the consequence may be, what use
it may be put to, what necessity we may have
for it, I think ought to be known before we
enter into an implied obligation to use any
place for naval purposes.
Mr. GRIMES. Before the question is taken
on striking out the clause, I move to amend it
so that it shall read:
The Secretary of the Navy is hereby authorized
and directed to receive and accept a clear and inde-
feasible title deed by gift of any tract of land from
any State, county, city, or other municipality or
individual in the United States, and to be used only
for naval purposes : Provided, That such acceptance
shall not imply any obligation on tho part of the
United States to use or occupy the same or expond
monoy thereon.
I am not exactly clear that it would not be
advisable for many purposes that the Govern-
ment should have stations along the coast
where under certain exigencies there might be
depots of naval supplies, or where naval ves-
sels might at times be laid up. Two or three
places on the coast of Maine have been men-
tioned in this connection. Wiscassett, I think,
is one; and an application has been made I
believe from Booth bay. I remember that my
friends from Ohio a year ago were insisting on
a station being established either at Sandusky
or Cleveland, and certainly one was proposed
on Lake Michigan. Now. if the municipal
authorities at these places saw fit to give us a
grant of land, to be used by us whenever it
should be required for naval purposes, I do
not know any reason why the Government
should not accept it.
Mr. FOSTER. As an amendment to the
amendment moved by the Senator from Iowa, I
move to add at the close of it " and the prin-
ciple herein contained shall apply to the gift
of League Island.''
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The Senator from Iowa
moves an amendment to the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With great deference
to the Chair, I beg to suggest that there is a
motion to strike out the clause, and the Sena-
tor from Iowa simply proposes to amend it
before it is stricken out. His, therefore, is an
original amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
amendment of the Senator from Connecticut
is in order, and the question is on that amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Iowa, as amended.
The amendment was rejected.
