502
2ME CON"G-IiESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 1$,
arc competent to ratify a constitutional amend-
ment proposed by" such CongressA
Whether a State of this Union has levied
war against the United States or has a repub-
lican ' constitutional State government, or is
entitled to representation in Congress, or to
choose electors for President and vice Presi-
dent of the United States, or can rightfully
exercise any of the powers of an organized
State of the Union, are political-not judicial
questions, and can! be decided only by the
political department, the law-making power
of the United States, and from that decision
there is "no appeal, and there exists no power
Of reversal save in the people at large. vEven
the Supreme Court has always affirmed this.
That tribunal so affirmed in Luther vs. Bor-
den ; it again so affirmed in the prize cases^
But, sir, if that tribunal had never so affirmed
no intelligent man at all conversant with the
Constitution of the United States and the rela-
tions of the original States at the time of its
adoption, and the mode and manner in which
the Government of the United States was
organized under it, could for a moment doubt
that the action of the people over the political
power of States and the relations of States
was conclusive upon tlie judiciary, Federal
and State.
Let the amendment be ratified by three fourths
of the organized and represented States and
it is in vain that conspirators and aiders of
rebellion will appeal to the Supreme Court to
relieve them from the righteous and just pro-
visions of the great decree of the people. Sir,
the power of the people, organized under twenty-
sis constitutional State governments and rep-
resented in Congress, to amend the Constitution
of the United States and enact laws for the
commpn defense and general welfare of the
United States, and make treaties and declare
war, and raise and support armies and navies,
cannot be made a question in the Supreme
Court or elsewhere, for it has been settled and
forever closed both by the sword and the ballot.
It is idle to suggest a reversal by the Supreme
Court of the judgment of the people of these
organized States of the Union, either upon the
question of their constitutional power to crush
and subjugate armed rebellion by arms, or of
their constitutional power to govern insurgent
and disorganized States by laws, statute and
fundamental.
The Supreme Court, therefore, cannot very
well at this time of day raise the question
whether the Thirty-Ninth Congress of the Uni-
ted States is a competent body to enact laws
or propose amendments, as was done by the
Thirty-Eighth Congress, representing the same
States. If the court should be of that mind,
it had better upon quo warranto proceed to de-
termine whether we have a right to legislate
upon any question wh-atever, for a Congress
that can lawfully legislate can lawfully propose
amendments, and States that can lawfully elect
the Congress can lawfully ratify amendments to
the Constitution of the United States^"
The original jurisdiction of that court is very
restricted, as gentlemen well know, by the terms
of the Constitution. Their appellate jurisdic-
tion, both by the text of the Constitution and
by every decision which that court ever made,
depends exclusively upon the will of Congress.
If, therefore, gentlemen are at all apprehen-
sive of any wrongful intervention of the Su-
preme Court in this behalf, sweep away at once
their appellate jurisdiction in all cases, and
leave the tribunal without even color or ap-
pearance of authority for their wrongful inter-
vention. Do this, and let that court hereafter
sit to try only questions affecting embassadors,
other public ministers and consuls, and ques-
tions in which a State shall be a party, as that
is the beginning and end of its original juris-
diction. By the ruling of that court thus re-
stricted we may safely conclude that they will
decide as heretofore, that the clause giving
original jurisdiction in cases in which a State
shall be a party only applies to those States
that are members of the Union. If, however,
the court usurps power to dccide political ques-
tions and defy a free people's will it will only
remain for a people thus insulted and defied to
demonstrate that the servant is not above his
lord by procuring a further constitutional
amendment and ratifying the same, which will
defy judicial usurpation by annihilating the
usurpers in the abolition of the tribunal itself.'?
Sir, I beg pardon for exhausting so much of
the time and patience of the House as I have
already done in trying to make clear this prop-
osition of the power of Congress to propose
amendments to the Constitution and to decide
finally the question of the ratification thereof,
as well as to legislate for the nation. It needs
no argument. The legislative power of the
nation is in the representatives of the organ-
ized constitutional States of this Union; and
<§?hat are organized constitutional States of
this Union is clearly defined in your Consti-
tution, namely: first, those that originally
assented to that instrument, having been pre-
viously States, and thereby organized the Gov-
ernment under it, and which still sustain their
constitutional relations to it and have not for-
feited or broken the same; second, those new
States that were afterward admitted by acts of
Congress and have not since disorganized and
revolted.^ All such States, thu3 once in the
Union and continuing to be organized consti-
tutional States of the Union, and only such,
are entitled to representation in Congress or
to exercise any of the powers reserved to the
States of the Union by the Constitution. By
the express terms of the Constitution there is,
there can be no constitutional States in this
Union save States duly admitted, obedient to
the Constitution and laws of the United States,
whose governments are republican, and all of
the legislative, executive, and judicial officers
of which are bound by an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States. Thus, sir,
it is written. (A State without executive, legis-
lative, or judicial officers bound by an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States
is not a State in this Union or of this Union
for local or municipal purposes. It simply
remains a State in the Union and of the Union,
despite its treason and rebellion, for Federal
purposes—that is, for Federal Government;
and it is because the late insurgent States sus-
tain this relation that your joint Committee on
Reconstruction recognizes the fitness and pro-
priety of the people of those States reorgan-
izing constitutional governments in conformity
with the provisions of the proposed amend-
ment, now that their illegal Governments de
facto, established in rebellion, have been
stricken down by the sword/
And here, sir, is the point at which I take
my departure from the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania. His bill is framed upon
the idea, which he has expressed more than
once in this body, that tlie people of these
insurrectionary States are a foreign national-
ity, that they are alien enemies. This posi-
tion the gentleman has attempted more than
once here to fortify by reference to the utter-
ances of the Supreme Court of the United
States in what are known as the prize eases.
I beg leave to say, notwithstanding the gentle-
man's reiteration of that statement, that the
court never made any such decision. The lan-
guage of the court was most carefully worded.
They decided that during the war, the great
public, solemn war waged by the Government
of the United States against this armed insur-
rection, the Government of the United States
had a right, upon its own election, to treat the
insurgent States as though they were a foreign
nationality—not that they were so; not that
the Government declared that tliev were so ;
not that the Government ever iniimated by
recognizing in them the rights of belligerents
that they were foreign nationalities, but tlftit,
in the assertion of the nation's rights and to
crush rebellion by arms, the Government of
the United States might of its own election for
the time being recognize them as entitled to
the rights of belligerents, and treat them as
though they were foreign nationalities. The
words of the court are, ''they were enemies,
though not foreigners." Sir, I will not with
my present convictions, under whatever press-
ure, here or elsewhere, assent to any legisla-
tion which on its face recognizes the gentle-
man's dogma as that at any time from the hour
when treason fired its first gun on Fort Sum-
ter to the present moment any rood of the Re-
public was dissevered from the rest and made
foreign territory.
The States lately in rebellion were and still
are within the jurisdiction of the United States;
and therefore it results, notwithstanding their
treason, that the moment the Government of
the United States by force of arms was able to
establish within the lines of South Carolina its
courts of justice, it might hold any rebel or other
criminal against its laws to answer at the bar
of its own courts without being charged with
any departure from the Constitution, which
expressly requires that all persons tried for
crime against the laws of th.e United States
must be held to answer in the State and dis-
trict, previously prescribed by law, in which
his crime was committed.
Why, sir, the gentleman's bill and the gen-
tleman's hypothesis would operate as a gen-
eral jai} delivery. All the murderers, all the
assassins, all the poisoners of our captured
prisoners anywhere within the rebel States,
are to go unwhipped of justice at the bar of our .
tribunals, because, forsooth, their crimes were
not committed within a State ofthe Union and
a judicial district in such State previously pre-
cribed by law. The gentleman so understands
it himself; and therefore I may be pardoned
for reminding him and the country that in his
carefully-prepared remarks he scouted the idea
of holding anybody to answer for treason who
participated in the late rebellion within the
rebel States. He said that it was utterly impos-
sible. Well, if it is impossible it is because
the nation, by its own action, chose to estop
itself in that behalf by granting them the rights
of belligerents. The impossibility does notarise
from anything that treason did or attempted to
do within the limits of those States and the
jurisdiction of the United States.
Having said this, I will now proceed, as
briefly as I may be able, to consider more in
detail the provisions of the gentleman's bill.
And the first remark that I have to make is
that this bill is very offensive to me in this:
that it is an attempt to restrict the right of
petition in the people of the several late in-
surrectionary States. Why, sir, in the govern-
ment of our common Father the poorest worm
that crawls is given the right of petition, and
under the Government of our fathers it has
been wisely ordained that the Congress of the
United States shall pass no law abridging the
right of the people peaceably to assemble and
petition Congress for the redress of griev-
ances. This bill, from first to last, as though
it were the utterance of an unlimited and
crowned dictator, says that a million men in
this land shall not peaceably assemble and
petition this Government.
I know it is very easy for men to say that
traitors have no rights which wc are entitled to
respect. If I were to concede that, it does
not result that the Constitution of the United
States has authorized the Congress of the
United States to decitizenize a single man in
the Republic by act of Congress; and yet, lest
gentlemen may think that I am forcing by im-
plication something that is not contained in
the text, I will quote from the bill:
That all persons who, on tho 4th day of March,
1861, were of full age, who held office, either civil or
military, under the government called the " confed-
erate States of America," or who swore allegiance
to said government, are hereby declared to have
forfeited their" citizenship atul to have renounced
allegiance to the United States, and shall not be
entitled to exorcise the elective franchise or hold
office until five years after they shall have filed their
intention or desire to be reinvested with the right of
citizenship, and shall swear allegiance to the United
States and renounce allegiance to all other govern-
ments or pretended governments.
What is tho organization of government by
the people within any of the Territories of the
United States where the'-e exists no accepted
