1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
constitutional State governments and a pre-
sentation thereof to the Congress of the Uni-
ted States asking its approval bat the simple
exercise of the right of petition? And yet the
gentleman puts into this bill a provision " that
the eleven States lately in rebellion, except
Tennessee, may form valid State governments
in the following manner," and subject to the
foregoing forfeiture and denial of right. Sir,
fthe people of those States have the right to
• form State governments and to submit them
to the Congress of the United States without
,^ny enabling act. Congress has the right, I
? ftdmit, to aid them in the exercise of this priv-
ilege by an enabling act.
But I submit to this House, and I submit to
that great body of freemen represented by this
House, that the Congress of the United States
has no color of authority for providing by
law, first, that a million persons, natural-born
male citizens of this Republic and resident
therein, are no longer citizens of the United
States; and next, that the people of the ten
States lately in insurrection may not form a
constitution of State government otherwise than
as provided in and through this bill; and yet
this bill so declares, and then proceeds as fol-
lows:
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted. That theState gov-
ernments now existing de facto, though illegally
formed in the midst of martial law, and in many
instances the constitutions were adopted under
duress, and not submitted to the ratification of the
people, and therefore are not to. be treated as free
republics, yet they are hereby acknowledged as valid
governments for municipal purposes until the same
shall be duly al tered, and their legislative and execu-
tive officers shall be recognized as such.
I thank my venerable friend from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevexs] for granting even this
much of law to that people. For, excepting
this section, which my excellent friend from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paixe] assailed, both the bill
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] and the bill of my colleague, [Mr. J. M.
Ashley,] reported from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, give those people no protection of law
at all; none whatever. In saying this, I am
not unmindful, sir, of the fact that this bill does
provide for conventions to assemble in June
next. But in the moan time it gives nobody,
loyal or disloyal, any protection of law what-
ever, except such as they may have by and
through these illegally organized State govern-
ments.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. What remedy do
you propose in place of that?
Mr. BINGHAM. I stated in the outset of
my remarks that it was not my purpose to
attempt to enforce upon this House any par-
ticular plan of my own in regard to this subject,
but only to ask the House to refer these bills
to the joint Committee on Reconstruction for
consideration. But as my friend has asked me
what remedy I would propose, I will state that
it is simply this: I would give remedy by law
in United States courts in all cases if these
State governments are not sufficient for the effi-
cient protection of life and property therein.
I have no doubt there is something of good in
those governments, and that good may come
from such a provision as that which the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] has
incorporated in his bill, declaring those organ-
ized State governments to be valid for muni-
cipal purposes, and declaring that all persons
shall recognize the official officers thereof;
still I am not prepared to say that there is
not much in those State governments which
is in conflict with the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and which ought to be corrected ;
and, therefore, in answer to the question of
my colleague, I will say that while I would
accept legislation of that sort for the time
being, if I may be allowed to make a sugges-
tion, I would, instead of that, provide com-
plete and efficient protection for all without
respect to persons or previous condition in
such tribunals of justice as Congress may see
fit to establish there, either directly or by recog-
nizing the tribunals now there. That is my
answer to the gentleman; and if that is not
deemed advisable I would adopt any other
method which this House, after due considera-
tion, may determine to be more effectual to
protect all the interests of all the people of
that section.
Now, I beg leave to return to the bill. The
sixth section, as I have already said, declares
' something like a million men no longer citi-
zens of the Republic on the grounds which I
have stated. That in my opinion is a very clear
departure from the provision of the constitu-
tional amendment, which imposed no disability
upon persons by reason of their participation in
the Rebellion, save their disability to hold office
until such disability shall be removed by act
of Congress. But what does the gentleman
propose to do by this section of the bill ? He
proposes to disfranchise as well as to decitizen-
ize them for the period of five years. That is
precisely what every Senator declared should
not be done when at the last session the third
section of the amendment as reported to this
House against my protest was struck out by
the unanimous vote of the Senate; and it is
precisely what this House declared should not
be done, the gentleman himself assenting when
at the last session the House concurred with
the Senate in striking out that provision.
Mr. MAYNARD. • I would ask the gentle-
man if he recognizes the right of citizens of this
Government to throw off their allegiance?
Mr. BINGHAM. Not at all, while they
remain within its jurisdiction.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am not asking that
question. I would like an answer to the ques-
tion in the exact terms in which 1 put it.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, if the gentleman is
asking me whether I recognize the right of
self-expatriation, I answer that I think the
Government of the United States settled that
right upon the seas about fifty years ago by
battle.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me then to ask him whether, in his judgment,
the men who went into the rebellion did not,
by connecting themselves with a foreign gov-
ernment, by every act of which they were ca-
pable, denude themselves of their citizenship
—whether they are not to be held and taken
by this Government now as men denuded of
their citizenship, having no rights as citizens
except such as the legislative power of this
Government may choose to confer upon them?
In other words: is not the question on our part
one of enfranchisement, not of disfranchise-
ment?
Mr. BINGHAM. I thought that what I
had already said would have been deemed a
sufficient answer to the gentleman's inquiry.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman's
pardon. I had not the opportunity of hear-
ing his whole speech.
Mr. BINGHAM. But, Mr. Speaker, if the
House will pardon me for touching again upon
that of which Ihave already spoken, I have no
objection to answering still more fully for the
gentleman's satisfaction. I say, as I said be-
fore in the progress of this argument, that the
people of a State who engage in armed revolt
against the Government of the United States,
within the jurisdiction of the United States,
can no longer, exccpt by the consent of the
sovereign authority of this nation, exercise
the powers of an organized State within the
Government, and are therefore subject, until
they are restored to the powers of a State
organization, to the exclusive legislation of
the Congress of the United States. But their
treason and revolt does not make them a for-
eign nationality, nor put them or the States
in which they reside beyond the jurisdiction
of the United States, nor absolve them from
their allegiance to this Government, nor make
the faithful, law-abiding citizens of their States
alien enemies and traitors^
But, sir, when the gentleman interrupted
me, I was remarking that the Congress of the
United States has already indicated to the
people of the United States the disabilities it
proposes to impose upon the persons who were
engaged in the rebellion; and that disability
is a disqualification to hold any office, civil or
military, State or national, until such time as
the disability may be removed by act of Con-
gress. I propose, sir, to stand upon that, and
abide by it.
[Here the hammer fell. J
Mr. DAWSON obtained the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] will be allowed to
proceed.
Mr. DA WSON. If it be the pleasure of the
House to give the gentleman additional time
I will yield with pleasure, provided that the
time he may occupy shall not be deducted from
the hour to which I am entitled.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would like the indul-
gence of the House for a short time longer.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand there are
some twenty gentlemen who desire to speak.
I shall not object to extending the time of the
gentleman from Ohio; but this is the last ex-
tension of time to which I will consent in the
discussion of this bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will not object to an
extension of fifteen minutes; I mmst object to
an indefinite extension.
Mr. BANKS. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to letting the gentleman speak for an
hour longer, if he desires that much time. Let
him conclude his speech.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldkidge] objects to that. Is
there any objection to an extension of fifteen
minutes ?
No objection was made.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, my objec-
tion to this sixth section imposing these addi-
tional disabilities rests upon the grounds I have
already intimated. I hold that it is an inter-
ference in" the first place with the right of
petition in that people. Although they were
traitors, they have "the right peaceably to
assemble and petition the Government for a
redress of grievances.'' In addition to that, it
is a clear departure from the letter and spirit
of that great amendment which we have sub-
mitted to the people of this country for their
approval and ratification, and which has already
received the final ratification of the Legisla-
tures representing not less than twelve millions
of the people of this nation. That amendment
clearly imports that they may vote. Sir, it
imposes no legal disability upon any person
lately engaged in the rebellion South other
than the disability to which I referred before,
ineligibility to office, military or civil, until
such disability be removed by act of Congress.
The amendment places all those persons in
every other respect on an equal footing with
their fellow-citizens, and by express intend-
ment, having placed this sole disability upon
them, proclaims to them and to the world that
by their acceptance and ratification of the
amendment under a constitutional State gov-
ernment they may be restored as States to the
Union, in which event they shall not be denied
the elective franchise within their States re-
spectively. I propose to stand by that amend-
ment.
The gentleman's answer would be to the
effect if the amendment is adopted and made
part of the Constitution, his bill if passed
simply falls. That is a strong reason with me
why his bill should not be enacted into law in
advance. The probability of the speedy ratifi-
cation of the amendment by the requisite
number of States is a reason for the reference
of the bill to the joint Committee on Recon-
struction for consideration until the American
people decide the great question whether they
will place this limitation upon onr power.
But, sir, there is a further provision in this
bill to which I ask the attention of the House,
and that is the provision of the fourth section.
I think a more monstrous atrocity never was
presented in the form of legislation to the
American Congress for its consideration. It
is that—
No person snail be deprived of the right to_ vote,
or otherwise disfranchised, by reason of conviction
and punishment lor any crime other than for insur-
rection or treason or misprision of treason.
