1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1943
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Finance to strike out the clause which
has been read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What objection is there
to that clause ?
Mr. FOSTER. That is what I am trying to
ascertain.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the State of Con-
necticut is willing to give this property I do
not see any objection to our taking it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have stated the
objeotion at length once.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was in favor of ac-
cepting League Island for the purposes of a
navy-yard at Philadelphia, and contributed
what little I could toward securing the passage
of that bill. Now, if the State of Connecticut
wishes to make a present to the Government
of some water front on the Thames river, I do
not know that it is unbecoming the United
States to accept it. There is no obligation on
the part of the Government by receiving it to
improve it, and I think there are some pur-
poses for which this location, if secured, would
be of value.
Mr. CATTELL. The Senator from Indiana
asked what objection there was to this clause.
The Finance Committee in looking at the sub-
ject discovered that there had been no offer
whatever from the State of Connecticut of a
gift of this kind, and they consequently con-
cluded that it would be as well for the United
States to wait until a tender was made, and not
invite Connecticut to make it at present.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What was the tenderfrom
Philadelphia ?
Mr. CATTELL. The tender from Phila-
delphia was by the city councils having pur-
chased League Island and offered it to the
Government as a free gift.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggest to the
Senator from Indiana that the last words of
the clause "to be used by the United States
for naval purposes" contain, in my opinion,
an implied obligation on the part of the Gov-
ernment that they will at some time use the
premises for naval purposes. I think that
Congress ought to have the supervision over
that question, and decide in the first instance
before the land is accepted whether they think
it advisable to accept it before they enter into
such an implied obligation. We do not know
what it may lead to, and it is simply removing
the judgment of the question whether we ought
to have it or want it for naval purposes from
Congress to the Secretary of the Navy, who-
ever he may be. *
Mr. HENDRICKS. The point made by
the Senator from New Jersey in answer to my
inquiry is just this: that the State of Connec-
ticut has not proposed to make this gift to
the Government, and it is a question of pro
priety whether the Government of the United
States shall suggest it or the State shall sug-
gest it.
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator from Indiana
will pardon me for suggesting that the Legis-
lature of the State of Connecticut two or three
years ago passed a resolution directing the
jurisdiction of this soil to be conveyed to the
United States,' and made all the provisions
necessary to give to the United States jurisdic-
tion and everything over this tract of land
which the State as such could do, and other
provisions were made. I have not the resolu-
tion before me, this matter having come up sud-
denly and unexpectedly to me. All the pro-
visions necessary to give to the United States
title to this tract of land have been made by
the State in the most ample manner.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That was my recollec-
tion about it, though I never investigated the
?uestion in regard to New London, because
did not think it properly arose when we were
considering the other proposition in regard to
League Island. The objection of the Senator
from Maine, I think, is not sufficient to con-
trol me in my vote on this question. I do
not think it is implied that the Government
will improve this site; but I think it means
just what it says, that the Government will
use it for no other purpose than naval pur-
poses. I think the faith of the Government
will be committed that far, that we cannot ac-
cept of this gift and afterward use it for some
other purposes. The State of Connecticut
offers it for a particular purpose, and we ac-
cept it for that purpose ; but we do not agree
to improve it unless the interests of the Gov-
ernment so require. Therefore I shall not vote
to strike this clause out.
Mr. DIXON. What are "naval purposes?"
The Senator from Maine objects that the Gov-
ernment of the United States maybe bound to
use this ground for some naval purpose, and
is in that way committed. I will state that
there are almost always more or less ships-of-
war of the United States lying in the harbor ■
of New London every season for several years j
past, and I believe at this very time there is
one there, if not more. It does not seem to
me that there is any committal here which can
injure the Government at all.
Mr. DAVIS. I think this is a new form of
competition between Connecticut and Penn-
sylvania. It seems to me that there is more
in both of these munificent gifts than meets |
the eye, and that the object is to create some 1
consideration upon which some demand shall
be made in the future upon Congress for legis- |
lation in regard to both places. I have no doubt
that probably at the next session or the session
afterward there will be a claim set up that in
consideration of the munificent gift of League
Island the site of the present naval depot in
Philadelphia shall be ceded by the United
States to that city. I suspect that one of the
objects of this proposition on the part of the
State of Connecticut is to be at least as liberal
as Philadelphia, and to have as much of con-
sideration upon which to receive the future
benefit of favorable legislation from Congress
as Philadelphia will have by reason of the
cession of League Island.
Mr. FOSTER. The honorable Senator from
Kentucky will pardon me a word right there.
On the part of Connecticut we do not claim
this to be a munificent gift. We do not wish
that epithet applied to it. We certainly do
not call it so.
Mr. DAVIS. I stand corrected.
Mr. FOSTER. It is by no means a munifi-
cent gift, although I must say that in my opin-
ion it is worth half a dozen League Islands ;
but it is not in the judgment of the people of
Connecticut at all munificent, and we do not sup-
pose the General Government to be under any
obligation to accept it. We have no ulterior
designs to interfere with League Island. We
will keep clear of that if we can, and advise
all our friends to do so.
Mr. DAVIS. I stand corrected, and frankly
concede that the State of Connecticut had not
claimed for her gift the character of munifi-
cence, and agree with the Senator in another
particular. I think that the gift which is now
offered by Connecticut will be of ten times the
value of League Island to the United States.
I have no doubt that League Island has already
initiated a very great expenditure of money on
the part of the United States, and that it will
be found the most costly gift that was ever
characterized on the earth as a munificent gift
to the donee. I wish we could get rid of both
these gifts, and if some gentleman will move
an amendment that League Island shall be sur-
rendered instead of this gift of a tract of land
at the mouth of the Thames being received I
should be disposed to vote for the proposition.
I wish it could be made and successfully made.
I want to get clear of League island, and I do
not think there is any occasion for accepting
the gift either of League Island or of a tract at
the mouth of the Thames, because I think the
naval depot at Washington city is the proper
site for an iron-clad station, ana that the Gov-
ernment ought to put it here at the metropolis,
where there is better water, and everything
more favorable to the construction of a great
iron-clad depot. This is the proper place for
it in my hambte opinion.
Mr. COWAN. If my ancient Trojan friend
[Mr. Davis] had been in Troy with his extraor-
dinary sagacity to look into the wooden horse,
I have no doubt he would have seen the armed
men contained in it, and perhaps have saved
the city. He is evidently suspicious of gifts ;
he fears the Greeks bearing gifts ; but I am
free to say that his arguments have not j?et
convinced me that the United States may not
accept gifts, and accept them all over the coun-
try on the same terms. Why not ? Is it to be
presumed that the next Congress will have no
more sense than this? I expect my friend
from Kentucky would not be guilty of indulg-
ing in any such violent presumption as that.
Mr. DAVIS. Perhaps less sense.
Mr. COWAN. If that be true, I should
think he would have small hopes of the
country.
Mr. DAVIS. That is true also.
Mr. COWAN. Facilis descensus Averni;
but suppose we are on the downward road
rapidly, how does that affect this question? I
really never could see much objection to re-
ceiving grants of this kind. I cannot conceive
now of any possible mischief which can come
from them. I was very strongly in favor of
accepting League Island, and I was in favor
of it because it was a gift, because it cost
nothing, and because we were.not bound by any
obligation I could see to use it even for naval
purposes. I look upon this in the same way;
and without any desire to be revengeful, I would
be glad to accept this from Connecticut; and I
think it is a munificent gift, with all due defer-
ence to my honorable friend, [Mr. Fostek,] a
great gift. Why not? It is true, Connecticut
is a small State, and not very wealthy, I pre-'
sume, and therefore the more munificent the
gift. Very wealthy people may give larger gifts
than poorer people ; the widow's mite may be
more in proportion than*Peabody's million.
Still, not to jest on this subject, Connecticut is
able to give, and that she has d_one. I think
we ought to accept it and trust to the future to
make a proper use of it. I am not by any
means disposed to tinge the future with a rose
color, but I believe there will be no disposition
in future Congresses to expend money idly or
uselessly upon either League Island or the
Thames. We shall have difficulty in expend-
ing money uselessly anywhere if the present
spirit of contention goes on, if all over the
Union such a spirit prevails that we cannot
agree upon a tariff, we cannot agree upon a
revenue bill, and we cannot reconcile conflict-
ing interests anywhere, and cannot prevent
their clashing so as to stop almost the wheels
of Government. I learn from a report lately
made to the House of Representatives that it
is almost considered a crime to attempt a re-
conciliation between the President and the
legislative department of the country. Think
of it!
Gentlemen suggest that I am taking up the
time of the Senate with useless talk. It may
be so, but I wished to calm the apprehensions
of my friend from Kentucky. I am pretty cer- #
tain that when it is proposed to expend money
either upon League Island or upon the Thames
there will be here champions ready to protect
the Treasury against any onslaught which may
be made upon it.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us vote.
Mr. DAVIS. I assure the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio that I am not going to make
a speech, but I must remonstrate strongly and
earnestly agaiust the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania finding any apology for accept-
ing League Island in the Trojans receiving the
Grecian horse. If that present had been ten-
dered in the form of an irreclaimable swamp,
instead of in the form of a Grecian horse, the
Trojans never would have admitted it within
the walls of Troy. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee on
Finance, to strike out the clause which has
been read.
The amendment was rejected.
