1268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
BenjamixJ explain to him and to the House
why I do not accept Ms amendment; and I
trust the explanation I shall offer will induce
him not to oppose, as he threatens, the demand
for the previous question. This hill as it now
stands provides for every man for whom he
makes an appeal. Every man who has served
and been honorably discharged, no matter who
he may be, gets paid under the provisions of
this bill. It includes the very men for whom
he speaks. But the gentleman from Missouri
says a decision has been made already. True;
but the decision was under a law entirely dif-
ferent in its language from this one.
While this bill proposes to pay every-one
who served and who has been honorably dis-
charged, the law as it now exists provides for
the payment of additional bounty to those who
have been enlisted in the Army of the United
States, and who under existing laws have re-
ceived or are entitled to receive certain boun-
ties. No wonder, therefore, the decision is
against them under the present law. But the
decision cannot be against them under this
bill should it become a law, because this takes
them up and provides for them, for the very
reason that they are not now entitled to receive
any bounty. The gentleman, therefore, is argu-
ing from the present law to this bill, when they
are entirely dissimilar, and intended to be so.
This bill, if it shall pass, will provide for these
very men for whom he makes fin appeal. The
present law does not provide for them, because
they are not entitled to receive additional
bounty nntil by law they are made entitled to
receive bounty.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then what objection can
lho gentleman have to my amendment?
Mr. SCHENCK. Simply this objection :
if I open this bill to his amendment, the flooil-
fates will be opened to all other amendments.
can inform the House that there are fifty
members here who are no doubt wiser than
the Committee on Military Affairs, at least in
their own opinion, each one of whom desires
to offer an amendment.
I will now yield for five minutes to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stokes,] and I
shall insist upon his being strictly confined to
that limit.
Mr. STOKES. I shall promise not to ex-
ceed the tinio, and shall probably conclude
before tho expiration of the live minutes. I
desire to say that I shall support this bill
reported by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Scuknck,] believing it to be right and just.
It is a bill to equalize tho bounties payable to
the Federal soldiers. _ It will bo remembered
that, in the last session of Congress, just at
the close of the session, wo had a bounty bill,
as it was termed, tacked by the Senate as an
amendment upon the civil appropriation bill,
and connected also with the compensation bill.
I voted against that civil appropriation bill
with those two amendments. I voted against
it because, while it professed to equalize the
bounties of soldiers, it did not equalize them
and did not give the soldiors equal justice. I
agree with the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schexck] that every man who served in tho
Arrrty ought to be paid at the rate of $8 3li
per month, and I am in favor of any measure
that will equalize tho bounties and will give to
each man his equal share of justice. It is for
this reason that I voted against the bill of last
session, because it did not equalize the boun-
ties ; and to-day I shall vote for this bill be-
cause it does equalize the bounties.
In the northern States, when regiments were
organized, men enlisted for throe years and
were mustered in the same day. But this was
not tlie case in the State I have the honor in
part to represent. In Tennessee men had to
wend their way out of the mountains to get
inside the Federal lines, and there was no reg-
ularity about the mode of enlistment. Some
would come in this week, aome next week,
some the week after, just as they could make
their escape. Some were enlisted for three
years, and- served only twelve months; while
others served the entire time..
I desire that the bill of the gentleman from
Ohio should pass, because it will equalize boun-
ties and do equal justice to .each and every sol-
dier ; while as the law now stands gross injus-
tice is done to a large number. As far as
regards Tennessee, it does injustice to three
fourths, I may say, of the men who enlisted
from that State. I opposed the proposition to
give fifty dollars to those who served two
years and $100 to those who served three years.
Under that law there are men who cannot
get the $100 bounty, because they lacked one
day of serving three years, and the man who
lacks one day of serving two years is also de-
prived of his bounty, although he may have done
more service for the Federal Government than
another who has received the $100 or the fifty
dollars. I shall not detain the House longer.
I desired merely to make these remarks in
order to have it put on record that I have been
guilty of no inconsistency in having voted
against the bill of last session, because it did
not equalize bounties, while to-day I support
the bill of the gentleman from Ohio, because it
does equalize bounties.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Now Hampshire, [Mr. Rollins,]
that he may explain an amendment which ho
desires to offer. I do not yield to allow it to
be offered.
Mr. ROLLINS. As the gentleman declines
to allow my amendment to be offered, I trust
that the House will refuse to second the pre-
vious question, so that I may have an oppor-
tunity to present the amendment, the effect of
which I will now state.
I desire to move to strike out so much of the
second section as proposes that in estimating
tho bounty to be paid under this bill, the boun-
ties paid by any " State, county, city, town, or
other municipal organization or by any volun-
tary association," shall bo deducted. I am op-
posed to this deduction. I seo no more reason
for this deduction than for a deduction of the
money wo have paid to the families of sol-
diers absent in tho Army. We have spent large
amounts in this way in supporting the families
of our soldiers. If some States or local organi-
zations have boon liberal and patriotic enough
to pay additional bounties to their soldiors,
why should these bounties bo deducted from
the amount now to be paid by the United
States ? I see no reason for it. Why should
States like Now Hampshire and other eastern
Slates, who have paid their soldiers liberal
bounties, be now required to assist in making
up deficiencies in this rcspect on tho part of
other sections of tho country?
[Hero tho hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield a few minutes to
the gentleman from Now York, [Mr. Ward,]
that ho may indicate an amendment ho would
like to offer.
Mr. WARD, of Now York. Mr. Speaker,
when I voted for this bill before I did it with
much reluctance, because of the section pro-,
viding that all bounties paid by any county,
city, town, municipal organization, or volun-
tary association shall bo deducted from the
amount of bounty to bo paid. Now, Mr.
Speaker, in New York tho towns and counties
and local associations generally were very
liberal to the soldiors. Most of the New York
soldiers received, either at the time of their
original enlistment or upon reenlistMont, con-
tributions from local associations of some kind.
Now, if this bill pusses its cffect will be that
soldiers who enlisted from localities where tl)e
people were not liberal and gave little or noth-
ing to volunteers in the way of contributions by
local associations will receive bounties ; while
those who enlisted from localities like those in
the State of New York and some of the east-
ern States, and who received liberal contribu-
tions from local associations, will obtain noth-
ing. I belieye that under this bill not one in
twenty of the soldiers from the State of New
York will receive a dollar of bounty.
Now, I ask the gentleman from Ohio to allow
us to submit to the House, by way of amend-
ment, the question whether or not time loc$l
bounties shall be deducted. The amendment
which I desire to offer is to strike out all after
the word " State," in the sixth line of the sec-
ond section, down to and including the word
"years" in the eleventh line; ana again, to
strike out all after the word " State," in the
sixteenth line, down to and including the word
"association in the seventeenth line. The
words which I propose first to strike out are
the following:
County, city, town, orother municipal organization,
or by any voluntary association, so that in no case
shall the aggregate amount of bounty allowed and
paid from all sources exceed $8 S3 foisgsaeh month of
actual faithful service, or at the rate of $100 per year.
The language which the second portion of
the amendment proposes to strike out is this :
County, city, town, or other municipal organization,
or by any voluntary association.
I ask the gentleman from Ohio whether he
will allow this amendment to be offered.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir.
Mr. WARD, of New York. Then I hope
the House will vote down the previous ques-
tion, and allow an opportunity to test the opin-
ion of the House on this question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. O'Neill,] who
wishes to indicate an amendment which I can-
not consent that he shall offer.
Mr. O'NEILL. The amendment which I
desire an opportunity to offer is to insert after
the word "marine," in the fifth line, the words
"seaman, coal-passer, and fireman;" so that
the bill will include "every soldier, sailor,
marine, seaman, coal-passer, and fireman who
faithfully served as such in the Army, Navy,
or Marine corps of the United States, and who
has been, or who may hereafter be, honorably
discharged from such service." These men, to
whom I propose to extend the benefits of this
bill, are men who, though not enlisted, served
in the Navy and rendered service as important
as that done by the fighting men, for on our
naval vessels they helped to keep the steam up.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio yield to permit that amendment to be
offered?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not. I only con-
sented that the gentleman should state it. I
will reply to the gentleman that every soldier,
sailor, and marine is'now provided for by the
bill.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for three minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will after I have called
the previous question.
The amendments which have been stated are
only about one tithe of what have been indi-
cated to me; and they certainly indicate the
propriety of testing the question whether the
House will take this bill, which they haveonee
passed in its present shape, with the single
exception of providing for lost discharges. I
am willing to submit that question to the House
under tho demand for the previous question,
and to cut off all possibility of amendment I
move that the bill be recommitted.
The SPEAKER. No amendment is pending.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the previous
question. But I desire to have a clerical error
corrected in line six, page 3, to strike out
"nine" and insert "nineteen."
There was no objection, and the correction
was made accordingly.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman from Ohio was
not able at the-last session to tell with any
accuracy what amount of money this bill will
take out of the Treasury. I wish to know
whether he can inform the House with any
greater degree of certainty than he was able to
at the last session what amount will be re-
quired under this bill?
Mr. SCHENCK. It is difficult to say, as
the accounting officers differ widely; some say
$600,000,000, others ยง400,000,000, and others
$250,000,000. Tho committee have satisfied
themselves the provisions for bounty under
this bill, with the restrictions as to those who
are the representatives of deceased soldiers,
wi^l reduce it to something between seventy-
1jve and one hundred million dollars. That is
