1944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to strike out the following clause
from line ninety-eight to line one hundred and
two:
For pay ef some suitable person, appointed by the
Secretary of the Navy, to examine the archives of
the Department and other sources of information,
and collect and collate the facts which mayillustrate
the history of the United States Navy, SI,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and nineteen, to strike oat "fifteen " and
insert■" twenty-five;" so as to make the appro-
priation "for preparing for publication the
American Nautical Almanac," $25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. Are there any other amend-
ments from the Finance Committee?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
rot. ) The amendments reported by the com-
mittee have been completed.
Mr. CONNESS. I move then to amend the
bill on page 4, line eighty-nine, by inserting after
the words " Washington, District oPColumbia"
the words "and Mare Island, California." It
is the clause requiring the nomination by the
President, and the confirmation by the Senate,
of master mechanics at certain navy-yards.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is right.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on
Finance recommended an increase of the ap-
propriation for preparing for publication the
American Nautical Almanac from $15,000 to
$25,000. They were governed in that by the
estimates and by what was said about $15,000
probably not being enough. I understand from
my friend from Iowa that the gentleman hav-
ing charge of it thinks that $6,000 more,
£21,000 in all, will^be sufficient. I therefore
move to reconsider the amendment of the com-
mittee for the sake of amending it.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know that my rec-
ollection is accurate on the subject; but the
gentleman who called on me wrote in my com-
mittee-room a letter to the Senator from Maine,
and I suppose that was true.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I never received it. I
never had any letter from him.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move to amend
that clause by striking out "fifteen" and in-
serting " twenty-one;'' so that it will read :
For preparing for publication theAmerican Nauti-
cal Almanac, $-1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to amend the bill
by inserting on page 2, after line thirty-six, the
following:
Naval Laboratory, New York:
For repairs of apparatus, machinery, fixtures, paint-
ing, glazing, wagons, furniture, &c., $3,500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am authorized by
the Committee on Naval Affairs to propose
the following amendment as an additional
section:
.And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of the
Navy be, and he is hereby, authorized and empow-
ered to negotiate with the city of Brooklyn, in the
State of New York, and to effect a further exchange
i in Wallabout bay between the United States
a j the.8aul city, and thereupon to make, execute,
and deliver good and sufficient deeds and releases
therefor.
I will explain this amendment in a word or
two. By the act of July 2, 1864, the Secre-
tary of the Navy was authorized to make an
exchange in this language of some lands be-
tween the city of Brooklyn and the navy-yard.
An exchange was made, but that exchange did
not adjust the grounds as is desirable. The
Secretary understands that the exercise of the •
power is exhausted, that he has not the power
to make any further exchange. I have nere a
letter from the head of the Bureau of Docks
and Yards which I will ask the Secretary to
read.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Navy Department,
Bureau op Yards and Docks, March 1,1867.
Sir: The city of Brooklyn and the Navy Depart-
ment hare in view a further exchange of ground and
water privileges at the nary-yard, New York. The
terms proposed are not yet consummated, and it is
not certain that they will be; but it will require legis-
lation of Congress, as I think, to confirm such ar-
rangement if agreed upon by the parties. It would
be well that such a resolution be passed at once
authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to make such
exchange on terms which may be agreed upon, and
which are supposed under all the circumstances to
adrantage both parties.
The Secretary has referred this matter to this bu-
reau subject to his approval.
JOSEPH SMITH,
Chief of Bureau of Yards and Docks.
Mr. MORGAN. If the Navy Department
really require this, and if the Secretary of the
Navy makes an application for this power, I
should be in favor of giving it to him; but I
do not quite understand that that is the appli-
cation.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know that I
understand the question asked by the Senator
from New York. The act of 18G4 authorized
the Secretary of the Navy to negotiate an ex-
change of some lands between the navy-yard
and the city of Brooklyn. One exchange has
been made, and that is understood by the De-
partment to exhaust the power. A further
exchange is desired, but it cannot be made
except there be a renewal of the power. The
amendment which I propose is in the language
of the act of 1SG4, except that it says "further
exchange." This is submitted, just as the
act of 1864 submitted it, to the discretion and
judgment of the Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to insert on page
4, line eighty-four, after the words "master
laborer" the words "master mason, master
cooper, master boat-builder, master spar-
maker, and superintendent of rope-walk."
Those all come within the enumeration which
precedes them. The passage immediately
before is as follows:
Provided, That the offices of civil engineer, master
machinist, master carpenter, master joiner, master
blacksmith, master boiler-maker, master sailmaker,
master plumber, master painter, master caulker,
master laborer, and naval storekeepers, be, and the
same are hereby, established in connection with the
navy-yards at Littery, Maine, &c.
I propose to insert the words I have read
after "master laborer." It merely adds to
the enumerated list.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Are they to be appointed
by the President.
Mr. SUMNER. By the President just the
same as the others, and the same reason is
applicable to them that is applicable to the
others.
Mr". EDMUNDS. Are they as important?
Mr. SUMNER. Two of them are full as
important as any. I have several letters from
gentlemen familiar with the operations of the
Charlestown navy-yard, in which they say it is
very desirable that this addition should be made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
if they have all these offices at the navy-yards?
Mr. SUMNER. At Charlestown they have ;
at some of the other yards they have not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This would apply to the
navy-yards at Kittery, Brooklyn, Philadelphia,
and Washington.
Mr. SUMNER. If they have not these offi-
ces at those navy-yards then this is not appli-
cable to them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But this establishes
them. It makes it necessary to have the office
of a master rope-walker [laughter] at Phila-
delphia, Washington, and all these places. I
do not know but you will have a rope-dancer
next. I do not know whether these offices are
established* at these places.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As a "rule they are not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then we ire to estab-
lish these rope-dancers and rope-walkers and
masters of all these various performances. I
doubt the propriety of establishing them in this
bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to
inserting the words "so far as the same may
be necessary in these yards respectively."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we are carrying
this to a great extent.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish to apply to
these other officers the same precaution that
we apply to those already mentioned.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My own opinion is that
the whole thing is an absurdity.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think so, too.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts is just
about as proper as the rest of "this proviso.
The whole thing is mighty cheap, a getting
down small for Congress, in my opinion.
Here are certain persons that superintend me-
chanical employes or laborers for the Govern-
ment, and they must be constituted into officers
to be confirmed by the United States Senate,
as if they were officers of dignity and impor-
tance under the Constitution of the United
States ! Why, sir, if a machinist is appointed,
what does the Senate know about him as a
machinist ?
Mr. SUMNER. I will ask the Senator with
his permission, when a second lieutenant is
appointed what does the Senate know about
him ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. For a second lieu-
tenant we expect a man of ordinary intelligence
and cultivation, and the Senate can judge for
that office just as well as for a postmaster, just
as well as for a revenue collector. But a master
machinist is a man who is learned in his par-
ticular trade, and whether he be fit for the
place the Senate can form no judgment at all.
That is generally ascertained by having a test
of his skill by practical men. Generally they
grow up in the shops, promoted from one posi-
tion to another until they become master ma-
chinists. The idea of the Senate of the United
States undertaking to confirm a master ma-
chinist is too ridiculous. In my judgment it is
beneath the dignity of the body to talk about
it. We want for that position a man who knows
how to construct machinery, a man of prac-
tical business and good judgment; and who
can tell of that as well as the person in com-
mand at the navy-yard. If he is not found
to be suitable he ought to be dismissed at once.
Now, if you require him to be confirmed by
the Senate, and he cannot be removed except a
case be made out, and it be tried before the
Senate, I say it defeats the efficiency of our
navy-yards, and it is a blow at the good of the
Government and of the service for political
purposes. It is beneath the dignity of Con-
gress to talk about it. Whether it be the
master machinist or the rope-dancer, as the
Senator now proposes to amend, is a matter
of no consequence. 'The whole thing ought
to be stricken out. If this amendment fails, I
shall move to strike out the whole clause.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us strike it all out.
Mr. COWAN. I am perfectly satisfied to
do that. I rose for the purpose of saying that
I think another very wholesome amendment
might be made now. Why all this trouble
about master machinists and rope-walkers and
the like of that? It is to contrive some kind
of machinery by which they may be turned to
political advantage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Are they not now?
Mr. COWAN. That is the trouble; and
they always have been. Now, if all the people
who seek employment in the public navy-yards
and other public works were disfranchised
there would be no difficulty about this subject;
the politicians would not care a cent who you
made foreman, or who you made master of any
particular branch; but it is because they are
to be manipulated through these positions and
these offices and made of use to political par-
ties that these questions arise. I understand
the motive of this new procedure. Always
heretofore the President and his party had the
advantage of these things. Now, the domi-
nant party want to secure this influence in
some way or other, and they want to get the
advantage.
