1867.
THE COiVGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
1945
Mr. EDMUNDS. We give the appointment
to the President.
Mr. COWAN. But it is by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate. That is
only making it worse, because it is bringing it
into a higher arena, into a larger theater, and
giving it greater importance ; and the fact is,
confirmations by the Senate, if you undertake
to run them into all these things, will become
such an absurdity that the Senate itself will be
absurd. It will be impossible for the body to
make the necessary examinations required and
to perform its duties here.
Mr. SUMNER. I have one word to say in
reply to the Senator from Indiana. He says,
why should the Senate act upon a machinist?
I ask him, why should the Senate act upon an
engineer? It does now act upon engineers.
We confirm them or reject them as we please;
and the reason is just as good in one case as
in the other. Then the Senator asks what is
the reason for this provision? I will tell the
Senator; there is no secret in it; I will dis-
close it to him so that he shall know it com-
pletely. It is to provide against the exercise
of a peculiar political influence over these
places by the Administration herein Washing-
ton. The Secretary of the Navy has exerted
his power over these officers. It is felt by all
people who are familiar with it, injuriously to
the public interests.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator asks a
question which I will answer now if he will
allow me.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. He asks how the Sen-
ate know anything about an engineer. The
engineer before he can be appointed at all
must undergo an examination. That examin-
ation in regard to his fitness comes to the Sen-
ate, and the Senate can have some information
about it, though I do not think that the con-
firmation by the Senate of even that cla§s of
officers is important.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. The argument
is just as strong in one case as in the other;
and it is now proposed to apply the principle
to these cases simply to meet an abuse which
has recently occurred. And permit me to say
that the Senate is just as competent to deal
with these cases as the gentlemen who now
deal with them. For instance, these appoint-
ments are now made by the naval constructor
and naval officers, who as a general rule know
nothing of mechanical duties; and yet they
appoint these mechanics. In appointing them
latterly in the yard with which I have most
acquaintance they have followed not merit, but
simply political interests. They have made
all these appointments subordinate to party
politics. I think we ought now to interfere
and check it. I am sorry that thero is an
occasion for it; but I do think that the occa-
sion has come.
Mr. ANTHONY. I did not happen to be
present when this matter was before the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. I suppose this bill was
before that committee before it was reported.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This bill does not
come from the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. ANTHONY. The naval appropriation
bill has always been before the Committee on
Naval Affairs at former sessions. I should
like to know the views of my friend the Sen-
ator from Iowa, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, upon this legislation
upon an appropriation bill, which brings to
the confirmation of the Senate, as I under-
stand, for the consideration of the Senate,
officers some of whom control from three to
five men. Here is the master caulker, the
master sailmaker, the master plumber, the
master painter. I understand that in some
of these navy-yards they do not have the con-
trol of but four or five men; and if they are
confirmed by the Senate, and the bill which
we have passed with regard to the tenure of
office becomes a law, they cannot be turned
out except by the assent of the Senate, and
we are to be called upon here in executive
session to discuss the qualifications of a mas-
ter painter in a navy-yard who has the control
of seven men. I should like to have my friend
from Iowa give us his views on this subject.
Mr. CONNESS. I am very much inclined
to take the view of not only opposing this
amendment, but all such provisions made
here. The Senator from Pennsylvania has
nearly convinced me that if we do these things
the navy-yards will become as demoralized as
the collection of the revenue in the State of
Pennsylvania. It is a bad thing to ehange i
officers who are merely engaged in what might
be called the useful avocations, who get ac-
quainted with trades and become masters of
the situation, who learn the intricacies of the
internal revenue laws, and fill the places of
those persons with mere tyros. I incline to
think that that ought not to be done. I am
glad to see a little sign even of latter-day refor-
mation on the part of my friend from Penn-
sylvania.
The severest rule applied in this respect that
I know of is the one applied by the honorable
Secretary of the Navy, which we have had
partially here before us, in the Norfolk navy-
yard, wherein that official declared to the
commandant of the yard that disunionists
should not be employed even as laborers, and
then proceeded with a political disquisition on
what constituted disunionists, namely, per-
sons opposed to the thirty-six stars of my
friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle;] per-
sons opposed to the representation of the rebel
States in Congress. Those were disunionists
in the estimation of that distinguished func-
tionary. If the. country could be made to
laugh at anything, and laugh at it heartily,
they would have laughed at the honorable
Secretary of the Navy more than they have
ever laughed at him before- for such a defini-
tion of Unionism, and particularly for laying
down such a rule for the employment of labor-
ers in navy-yards.
I am one of those who believe that political
office, that the employments connected with the
administration of this Government, are resolved
entirely too much into political organisms. I
can say with full truthfulness that so far as I
have any political experience in life all the men
whom 1 have advised the public employment of
have never been worth the snap of a finger to
me; and I care nothing about their services or
their assistance politically; and I do not think
a man is fit for high station who does. Because
the honorable Secretary of the Navy has be-
littled himself by the proceedings taken by him
it is no proper example to be followed by the
Senator. I think we have too much of this.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. I will withdraw my amend-
ment, and not attempt to add to the proviso as
it stands.
Mr. COWAN. Then I will speak to the
general project which my friend from Califor-
nia and myself have in our eye at this time;
that is, to dispense with all this legislation. I
must confess to a little astonishment at hearing
the corruption of Pennsylvania rebuked from
that quarter; and especially was I astonished
afterward that with the exceedingly high ground
the honorable Senator takes now in regard to
the use of political patronage, he says he has
never so far derived a single particle of benefit
from it, and does not care anything about it,
and no man of sense does. After that expe-
rience I am glad to welcome him into the ranks
of those who never thought it was worth any-
thing, and have never used it in that way, es-
pecially in Pennsylvania, where we have never
been in the habit of that.
Mr. CONNESS. No ; we know that.
Mr. COWAN. Now, I should be glad to
join him, particularly after his speech this even-
ing, and have all this legislation dispensed
with, and let ua go on in the old way and trust
to Providence to encounter evils as we best
may, without introducing others worse than
those they are proposed to remedy.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose that the Committee
oo Finance, who have had this subject under
cmitbntieB and who have giveo their approval
to this proposition, perhaps did not intend to
include sailmakers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The proposition came
to us in the bill from the House.
Mr. GRIMES. But I understand it was un-
der consideration in the Committee on Finance
and met their approval.
Mr. FESSENDEN. AVe reported it as it
came from the House.
Mr. GRIMES. Sailmakers are petty officers,
and stand exactly like boatswains and carpen-
ters and other officers of that kind. They do
duty at sea for a three years' cruise and then
come home and are attached to a navy-yard
for two years or a year and a half, and then are
ordered to sea again. It is the same case with
pjimpntpr.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to strike out
the proviso commencing in the eighty-first line
on page 4. That is the bill we have been speak-
ing about.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator move to strike out the whole proviso?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir; it all relates
to the same subject. I move to strike it all out
from the eighty-firstto the ninety-seventh line,
in these words:
, Provided, That the offices of civil engineer, master
i machinist, master carpenter, master joiner, master
blacksmith, master boiler-maker,master sailmaker,
master plumber, master painter, master caulker,
master laborer, and naval storekeepers, be, and the
same are hereby, established in connection with the
navy-yards at Kittery, Maine; Charlestown, Massa-
chusetts; Brooklyn, New York; Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania; and Washington, District of Columbia;
and Mare Island, California; and that the persons
selected to fill the several offices hereby established
shall be appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, and shall have the
immediate supervision and direction of the work to
be performed in their several departments, with
authority to select and discharge such workmen as
the necessities of the service may require, subject
always to the approval of the commandant of the
navy-yard to which they are attached.
I think if Senators will reflect for one mo-
ment they will strike out this proviso. These
persons ought not to be placed under political
influence. They are business men, superin-
tendents of work that is to be done, and they
ought not to depend upon political influences
for their position nor for holding their position.
The Secretary of the Navy cannot know what
sort of men to nominate for such places. It
ought to be left to the commandants of the
yards to select practical, business, experienced
men. This bill was not before the Committee
on Naval Affairs, or I suppose that committee
would have considered this question.
Mr. GRIMES. This bill was not, but this
proposition was.
Mr. HENDRICKS. We never favored it.
Mr. GRIMES. This proposition was before
the Committee on Naval Affairs as an inde-
pendent measure, and was decided against.
I think there was only one member of the com-
mittee who was in favor of reporting it to the
Senate. I do not feel any responsibility for
this bill, and do not take any particular inter-
est in it; but as the Senator from Rhode
Island has made an inquiry of me, I choose to
answer it. I suppose that ever since the foun-
dation of the Government navy-yards have
been regarded as a sort of political instrumen-
talities in the hands of the politicians in then-
vicinity,'and whenever there has been a change
of Administration there has invariably been a
change of the civil employes of the navy-yards
at the instance of the Congressmen in the im-
mediate vicinity, they regarding them as a part
of their local patronage. When the Repub-
lican party came into power six years ago this
same change took place, very much against
the remonstrance of the chief of the Bureau of
Yards and Docks in some instances, who de-
sired to retain—and I have no doubt from con-
scientious motives and very properly—some of
the best master workmen that the Government
had ever had ; but I think, as a general rule,
they all went out.
Now, I suppose there is no doubt that last
year, when there was an effort made to organ-
ize what is known as the Johnson party, iu the
navy-yards at Philadelphia and New \ ork, and
