1867.
IE® CONGRESSIONAL GLtBl.
is in stern, relentless, even-handed justice. A
great people's power shows likest God's when
mercy seasons justice. XVengeaneeis not duty,
nor forgiveness crime.:. The amendment before
the loyal people and about to be approved
I trust by them and made part of the Consti-
tution, secures to all, even to those who organ-
ized conspiracy against the nation's life and
offended by their crimes as men never offended
before since nations began to be, "the equal
protection of the laws." In what is soon to be
the nation's measure for restoration and unity
there is neither confiscation nor banishment
into returnless exile, but forgiveness, by which
that great body of guilty criminals are restored
to the privileges of citizenship and guarantied
the equal protection of the laws. I know those
conspirators have ridged your land all over with
graves; I know that four hundred thousand of
the bravest and noblest of the Republic have
fallen by traitor hands, martyrs in defense of
your country and mine, of your Constitution
and mine. XJn the presence of this great crime
and the wrongs thus inflicted, this proposed act
of general forgiveness and amnesty, securing
to each, however guilty, the equal protection of
the laws by the combined power of the nation,
is a sublime humanity which challenges a par-
allel since man was upon the earth. There
stands the covenant: no State in this land shall
deny to any person the equal protection of the
laws. It was a needful provision. It is intended
to hush the cry for blood against the guilty by the
power of a sovereign decree, as that was done by
the Supreme Power in the case of the first mur-
derer. All the guilty with the innocent, the
just and the unjust alike, "shall all have the
equal protection of the laws," and be held to
answer only to the laws, and be condemned
only by the laws^ Stand by that great amend-
ment for equal rights and equal protection.
There is strength in it; the strength that abides
in an inviolable justice. There is peace in it;
that peace which comes of laws which are just
to all and oppressive of none.
The gentleman would stay the people in their
wise purpose by enacting a law to take from
a million men the immunities and privileges
of citizens. Let the question be decided by
the people. Whatever that decision may be
I will bow to it; if they accept the amendment
I will stand by it; if they reject it I will then
do whatever it seems to me my duty, under
the powers committed to me as a Representa-
tive of the people, authorizes and requires me
to do. But until that question is passed upon
I protest against this proposed legislation, so
utterly-foreign to the spirit of the pending con-
stitutional amendment and to the manifest will
of the nation.
Mr. STEVENS. I would ask the -gentleman
how many of these States have already rejected
the amendment?
Mr. BINGHAM. I had closed what I had
to say; but as the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] has asked the question,
I can only answer him that as far as I am
advised all of the States lately in rebellion
which have considered it in their Legislatures,
with the exception perhaps of Arkansas, have
rejected it.
Mr. STEVENS. Arkansas has rejected it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not so understand
it, but I am not going to dispute with the gen-
tleman. If they have all rejected it it does not
follow that they will not all yet accept it.
Mr. STEVENS. The most votes they got
for it were four.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will repeat what I have
said already: that if three fourths of the organ-
ized and represented States put this amend-
ment into the Constitution of the United States,
it will bind the insurgent States and give them
the benefits of it as well, whenever in good
faith those States choose to accept it, while, in
the mean time, it will also bind us and empower
us by law to secure full and equal protection
to all. For that reason I ask that the bills be
referred to the joint Committee oa Recon-
struction.
Mr. DAWSON resumed the floor.
Mr. MILLER. Will my colleague [Mr.
Dawson] yield to me for a moment?
Mr. DAWSON. For a moment; yes, sir.
Mr. MILLER. I move to amend the ninth
section of the substitute of my colleague [Mr.
Stevexs] by adding to it the following:
And such State ratify the amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States proposed by two thirds
of both Houses of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and
submitted to the respective States for ratification.
I hope the gentleman will not object to that.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot agree to that.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to amend
either one of the substitutes now pending, as
the power of amendment in that respect is
exhausted. And the original bill cannot be
perfected by amendment, because the motion
to refer is now pending, which cuts off all
amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. As this bill is already out
of print, I ask unanimous consent to have it
ordered to be printed between now and to-
morrow morning.
No objection was made, and the order to
print was made accordingly.
Mr. DAWSON again resumed the floor, and
addressed the House as follows:
Mr. Speaker, I have watched the proceed-
ings of this body with deep interest. No one
has been a more attentive listener or more
carefully reflected upon the subjects which
have engaged* its attention. Feeling as I have
done from the first the magnitude and immi-
nence of the danger which rested and continues
to rest upon the future of the country, and op-
pressed as I still am with anxiety for her fate,
it is but an obvious suggestion of duty to con-
tribute whatever of ability and influence I may
possess toward a solution of the difficulties
which yet, with much obstinancy, obstruct a
return of this great land to the quiet, the har-
mony, and progressive prosperity which only
a decade ago rendered her the pride and envy
of the civilized world.
The war from which we have emerged was
waged for the restoration of the Union. It has
been successful in the suppression of the rebel-
lion, but the result has not been the restora-
tion of the Union. There is conquest, but
there is no Union. I desire, sir, to inquire in
all sincerity why this lamentable duality of
conditions still obtains in reference to a great
people, which nature and the wisdom of re-
vered legislators intended to be one. My wish
and purpose are to do this in a spirit wholly
apart from and above that of the partisan. It
must be the impulse of every heart not unworthy
a citizen of America to let party and platform
sink together in the dust in the presence of
great questions affecting vitally the safety of
his country. I shall exercise the privilege,
which I have always done upon this floor, of
criticising with freedom and decision where I
feel compelled to dissent, and with equal bold-
ness shall indicate what. I think is to be done
in the trying exigency of our political and
social relations to bring back that internal
harmony without which durable peace and
union are but fond aspirations or deceitful illu-
sions.
The course of duty is not, I apprehend, so
difficult to discover if we do not willfully shut
our eyes to the principles and facts which here-
tofore all have acknowledged as fundamental
and governing ; and if we do not elevate and
magnify into primary importance those which
in their nature are secondary and of compara-
tive insignificance. We have emerged from a
great civil war; the greatest, indeed, of any
age, and we have in consequence a somewhat
anomalous state of facts to deal with. -
The Federal Union, which was the common
Government of all the States and their respect-
ive populations, was disturbed by an attempt
at disruption by a portion of the parties to it.
The proj ect of secession failed; but the relations
which the seceding States since the war sus-
tain to those adhering to the Union have been
the subject of very conflicting theories. On the
one hand, it is maintained that by the act of
rebellion the States which engaged in it have
forfeited all their rights, State and individual-;
they are without any valid government save suck
as the legislative branch of the Government may
choose to extend to them, and they exist only
by the mercy of the conquerors. This is the
theory of the Republican party, and has given
rise to the measures upon thjs subject of the
last and present Congress. On the other hand,
it is claimed that the attempt at secession hav-
ing been suppressed by the physical power of
the Government, the States, whose authority
was usurped by the parties to the movement)
have never at any time been out of the Union;
and that having once expressed their acqui-
escence in the result of the contest and re-
newed their allegiance to the Union they are
at the same time restored to all the rights and
duties of the adhering States. This is the doc-
trine whieh is held by the Executive, and has
given shape to the presidential policy.
Recognizing, as I do, in the presidential
theory the true solution of our difficulties, I
will state briefly the reasons which move me
to this conclusion. It is a fact that the close
of the Revolution found the people of these
States in the condition of distinct sovereign-
ties. The Articles of Confederation were but a
league of these. The Constitution of 1789 di£
fered from the old in this: that it invested the
common Government with certain attributes of
sovereignty which had before belonged exclu-
sively to the States in their separate capacities.
As to these powers, distinctly specified in the
common charter, allegiance was due to the
Federal Government. As to all other powers
not specified, sovereignty was still reserved to
the States. The Federal Government was as
supreme as to the granted powers as the States
were as to the reserved, both governments
proceeding directly from the people—the true
source of power in a democratic government.
The General Government was Federal, (as its
name implies,) inasmuch as it was formed by
the accession of the several populations as sep-
arate and independent States; but it was not
Federal in the sense of a league, as the Gov-
ernment of the old Confederation had been.
That was formed by the States in their corpo-
rate capacities, and affected the States only as
corporations. The new Government was cre-
ated by the act of the people as individuals,
ratifying by their representatives in conven-
tions ; and its powers were to be exercised di-
rectly upon individuals. The new government
was "national" within the range of its pow-
ers, since it was the union of the sovereign
powers of the States for the specified objects.
State sovereignty no longer existed; but State
rights—the exercise of the portion of sover-
eignty reserved—remained in full force. The
difference between the two constitutions was,
that by the one the States retained their full
.sovereignty; by the other they did not.
In cases"of Federal or State encroachment
the constituted arbiter was the Supreme Court;
and whenever popular passion should become
too strong to wait for its decrees or regard
them when promulgated the contest, would
necessarily become one of physical force. If,
in the opinion of the populations of the States,
the right of local self-government were not
duly protected or were infringed upon by the
common Government of limited powers, duty
to the local governments might counsel resist-
ance, and if the Federal authority were equally
tenacious it is obvious that an issue would be
raised whieh could only be decided by an ap-
peal to arms. Now, this is precisely what has
happened in our recent history. The southern
populations, apprehending that by the election
of Mr. Lincoln upon a platform which they
regarded as aggressive to their local rights, and
which purposed the exclusion of southern com-
munities from the equal benefits contemplated
by the common Government, felt called upon
to assume their own protection by a new con-
federacy. This necessarily brought on with
the common Government, already established,
whieh yet disclaimed any intention of exceed-
ing its defined powers,,and which felt impelled
to every effort for self-preservation, since it
