1946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
perhaps in one or two instances in Boston, and
1 am told in one or two instances at Kittery,
changes were made for the purpose of promot-
ing political ends; and the Secretary has made
two changes in the Norfolk navy-yard, very
improperly I think, and he wrote a very foolish
and improper letter, for which, if it was in my
power, I would desire to rebuke him. But I
want mv political friends to understand that
while there hare been those changes made,
there are iive to one of the present master
mechanics in the different yards who are our
friends. The only effect, therefore, of adopting
this proposition will be to cause all those men
to come before the President for appointment,
and we must take our chances of getting our
friends reappointed or not.
Then, again, if the tenure-of-office bill shall
become a law—I am not very familiar with its
provisions, but the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Edulxds] and the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] can explain it to the Senate—
I apprehend the effect of it will be that when
we get a master mechanic into one of these
places it will be somewhat difficult to get him
out.
Then again, in regard to tlae provision itself,
it will be observed that it applies, as it now
stands, to all the navy-yards of the United
States. We carry on different kinds of busi-
ness in different yards. At one yard we man-
ufacture all the rope that is used in the Navy
of the United States, and there we have a rope-
yard. The amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts covers the case of the master
of the rope-walk, and it would establish one
in every other yard where we have no such
institution. Then again, in the yards at New
York, Philadelphia, and Boston we repair
ships, and we have a master caulker, but we
have none, I believe, at the Washington yard,
and I think we have none at Kittery.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This law would estab-
lish one.
Mr. GRIMES. This law would establish one
where we have not one now, and where we do
not desire any. Then in regard to sailmaker#)
they are warrant officers of the Navy, and this
will take from them the duty that is now im-
posed upon them, change it entirely, make it
a permanent office connected with the yard,
instead of their having their regular routine of
sea and shore duty, as they have had ever since
the foundation of the Government. There is
one officer in that list who ought to be con-
firmed, and that is the naval storekeeper. He
has the control of a large amount of property.
It ought to be a presidential appointment, and
he ought to be confirmed by the Senate ; but I
cannot see the necessity for confirming all
these master workmen. I should like to re-
store if I could some of the men who liave been
removed. One of them is a friend of mine ; I
believe he is a very worthy officer; I am satis-
fied he is a good -man ; I think he ought not
to have been removed. But I do not think it is
worth while to disturb half a dozen good men
who are my political and personal friends, for
example in this yard, for the sake of requiring
his successor in the future to be sent before the
Senate for confirmation.
Then, again, I do not understand the latter
clause of this provision, which declares that
these officers—
Shall have the immediate supervision and direc-
tion of the work to be performed in their several
departments, with authority to selcet and discharge
Much workmen as the necessities of the service may
require, subject always to the approval of the com-
mandant of the navy-yard to which they are at-
tached.
What is "subject to the approval of the
commandant?" The selection of the work-
men or the supervision and direction of the
work? Does this last qualification apply only
to the second member of the preceding sen-
tence, or does it apply to both? If it does
not apply to both, then you will have no dis-
cipline, no subordination in your yards? This
is all I have to say. I am indifferent as to the
proposition. I am not affected one way or the
other by it.
Mr. CRAGIN. As I understand this pro-
vision, it simply changes the mode of appoint-
ment of the officers named in it; nothing more,
nothing less. I hope that the provision will be
retained.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire of the Senator
from New Hampshire if they make boilers at
the Portsmouth navy-yard ?
Mr. CRAGIN. I am not sure about that.
Mr. GRIMES. Have they got any engine-
shop there ?
Mr. CRAGIN. They have constructed sev-
eral steamers, gunboats, &c., there.
Mr. GRIMES. But the engines were made
in New York and carried there, were they not?
Mr. CRAGIN. I think they were, or some
other place. Perhaps there might be an amend-
ment to this provision saying that these offices
shall only be established if necessary.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire if there is a
master caulker at the Portsmouth navy-yard?
Mr. CRAGIN. I think we have not a mas-
ter canlker, but something that answers the
same purpose. I have, at any rate, recom-
mended a man for master caulker this very ses-
sion, and expect to get him appointed.
Mr. GRIMES. I ought to say that another
great clamor that has been raised on this sub-
ject grows out of this fact: they have in a navy-
yard a master workman, and then under this
master workman there used to be what were
called quartermen. A quarterman was a man
who was a sort of go-between, an intermediary
man between the common mechanic and the
master mechanic, and he got an extra pay for
acting as quarterman. Each, quarterman had
from seven to fourteen men under him. Now,
some of these master mechanics have been abol-
ished, and the business they have performed has
been put under the control of the constructor of
the yard, and this constructor has abolished a
great many of these quartermen; and instead of
these quartermen doing nothing except superin-
tending the work of seven or fourteen men, they
now have in some yards only one quarterman
to forty men. Each one of these quartermen was
anxious to be restored to his old position; and
I suppose out of that has originated a great
deal of clamor on this subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on striking out the proviso.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope it will not be struck
out. It has come to us from the House where
it was introduced to meet an existing abuse.
The evidence is ample as to the abuse. Now,
it may be that the proviso, should it be adopted,
will not work well. If it does not, then on
the next naval appropriation bill it can be
repealed.
Mr. GRIMES. Do you want to create these
new offices ?
Mr. SUMNER. It is not proposed to create
new offices.
Mr. GRIMES. The bill does.
Mr. SUMNER. I am not sure of that. All
of these offices exist certainly in the Charles-
town navy-yard. I should have no objection to
the words being introduced "so far as the same
may be necessary in the different yards respect-
ively. ''
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us take a vote.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the clause will not
be struck out. I have a great many letters here
to the effect that there is great hardship from
the want of something like this. There is in the
Charlestown navy-yard a positive abuse. Po-
litical power has been exercised there against
worthy men simply because they agreed with
the Senator from Iowa in political opinions.
Now, I think we ought to step in ana relieve
them.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to disclaim all
possible political considerations in making this
motion. If I had charge of a navy-yard I
should despise myself if I turned out a gooa
mechanic merely because he differed with me
politically. I ask Senators what would they
think of the management of the affairs of a
railroad company if the president did not have
the power to remove at once a principal ma-
chinist in his shops if he found the locomotives
were not running well? This power is neces-
sary to the efficiency of t&e public service. This
question, as was said by the Senator from Iowa,
was before the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
that committee thought it very impolitic indeed
to make this change; that it would be injurious
to the public service. «
Mr. CRAGIN. I wish to say in relation to
this matter being before the Committee on
Naval Affairs, that it was not very fully dis-
cussed or considered there. The Senator from
Indiana and the chairman of that committee
will recollect that the bill that came from the
House was passed over into my hands; but
we did not act finally upon it; and we were to
consider it hereafter to some extent. I admit
that a majority of the committee, on first im-
pression, were opposed to it. But, Mr. Presi-
dent, there is great necessity for this provision
at the present time so far as the yard at Ports-
mouth or Kittery is concerned. The abuses
there are very great at the present moment.
I have received since the adjournment of the
Senate to-day two dispatches from there urging
the passage of this proposition from men of
the highest character. 1 hope that this proviso
will not be stricken out.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, it is
rather amusing to me and others who observed
with me the course pursued during the Admin-
istration of President Lincoln in reference to
removals from office, and who have heard the
laudations pronounced upon him and his Ad-
ministration, to see gentlemen rise in the Sen-
ate of the United States and find fault with
President Johnson for imitating, to a very
limited extent, the glorious and noble example
set by such a glorious and noble chief of a
party. The idol before whom these gentlemen
have bowed down and worshiped, so far as
my State was concerned, left no single office-
holder in office who differed with him in polit-
ical opinion, not even the humblest postmaster
throughout the length and breadth of that
State. Throughout this whole country, where
ever his hand could reach an office-holder, how-
ever humble, or any person holding employ-
ment under the Federal Government, that
hand was reached forth to remove him, pro-
vided he differed from him in political opinion.
And yet these gentlemen, who even now since
he has passed from earth have erected his
image in the rotunda of this Capitol, that every
time they pass to the other Hall they may be
reminded of their idol, whose administration
to them was an administration worthy to be
remembered in all after time, now that he fills
the presidential chair no more, but President
Johnson occupies it, are horrified at the idea
of executive power, and cry out "usurpation,
oppression worthy only of impeachment I"
Oh, consistency, thou art a jewel; and oh,
politicians, how changeable ye are!
Mr. HOWE. Is it in order to move an
amendment to the proviso before striking it
out?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
in order.
Mr. HOWE. Then I move to amend by
striking out all of the proviso after the word
"storekeepers" in the eighty-fifth line, and
inserting "whenever the same exist shall
hereafter be filled only by persons appointed
by the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate;" so that the proviso
will read:
Provided, That the offices of civil engineer, master
machinist, master carpenter, master joiner, master
blacksmith, master boiler-maker, master sailmaker,
master plumber, master painter, master caulker,
master laborer, and naval storekeepers, wherever the
same exist, shall hereafter be filled only by persons
appointed by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment moved by the
Senator from Indiana, to strike out the proviso
as amended.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 hope it will be done.
