1272
TMl CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
But gentlemen say, " We have paid large
bounties during the war." I say in reply,
suppose you have done so, and I do not dispute
it, this bill is not for the purpose of reimburs-
ing individuals, counties, or States; it is for the
purpose of bringing about as nearly as possible
an equalization of bounties among the soldiers.
But, sirs, if you have voluntarily paid money
to save yourselves from the draft, you have no
right now to say that you will not equalize
bounties but that your soldiers have more than
the West.
But, Mr. Spe'aker, there is another question
arising in this case, and it might as well be
met now as at any other time. A large num-
ber of the gentlemen who are opposing this
bill oppose it, I believe, with a view to break
it down. While they set up here the pretext
that they are the warm friends "of the soldier,
the course they are pursuing is one well cal-
culated, and I am led to believe designed, to
kill this bill, not to bring about an equalization
of bounties; for that is well provided for in the
bill as it stands. I want this fact understood;
for it has been said here repeatedly that it will
take millions upon millions of dollars to carry
out, this equalization of bounties, and that the
Treasury cannot sustain such a draft upon it.
AVhen gentlemen, holding this view, oppose a
bill equalizing bounties, their object must be
to break it down altogether, if not in this
House in the Senate. I hope, sir, that the
House will act discreetly upon this question,
and will pass the bill as roportod'by the com-
mittee.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield five minutes
to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Giunnei.i,.]
Mr. (iRINNELL. Mr. Speaker, there are
tliree positions taken by the gentlemen who
support (his bill which cannot bo gainsaid.
The first is that the western States proposed
to be benefited by the bill furnished in propor-
tion to their population a larger number of
soldiers to put down the rebellion than the
Other sections of the country. The second
position is that we of the West in furnishing
soldiers labored under much greater disadvan-
tages than other sections. Our people were
engaged chiefly in rural pursuits. They were
occupied in the cultivation of new farms and
in the development of new industries. They
were not wealthy. They were acting under
the disadvantages of pioneers, and our coun-
ties and our States could not afford to pay vol-
unteers the immense bounties which wore paid
by the eastern States. The third position is
that the eastern States are, considering their
population, richer in accumulated capital as
three to one than tho western States. If the
older States with their large means have acted
liberally, we commend them for their liberal-
ity. They had the capacity to pay largely where
we had not.
Now, sir, you will find in regard to volun-
teers from the West thousands and tens of
thousands of cases in which men havo served
less than three years; but not having served
quite the required time, on account of the mus-
ter out or sickness, havo received no bounty
at all. Now, is it magnanimous, is it just to
those States to come forward and say that you
will impose this immense burden of millions
on the less wealthy States, whose soldiers
made the greatest sacrifice and the people
paid according to ability ? Sir, if I felt myself
at liberty to make what might be considered
an invidious comparison between one section
and another, 1 might do it with great justice
in favor of the western States. 1 t is known
as a fact few of our soldiers deserted. It will
be found by reference to the records that de-
sertions among the troops from the eastern
States and middle States were as three to one
compared with the desertions from the soldiers
raised in our rural communities, which is no
reproach to the States, but to those who ac-
cepted the bounties and escaped. In this
view of the case we have furnished more real
soldiers. We furnished those who were truer,
those who did the most substantial work in
putting down the rebellion.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman allow
me to say 
Mr. GRINNELL. I cannot yield to the
gentleman unless with the understanding that
the interruption shall not come out of my time.
But I will say to him that the people of Mas-
sachusetts are rich and benevolent, and they
should not seek to impose an unjust burden
upon the newer and poorer communities of the
West. I appeal to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, and others from the older States,
to recognize the justice of coming forward now
and seeing that men who did not serve quite
three years, but who acted the part of good
soldiers, shall be entitled to bounty. There
are many of this class who, because they
have not served for the full three years, have
received no bounty whatever, while others,
serving no more faithfully and doing no more
real work in putting down the rebellion, have
received bounties of hundreds or a thousand
dollars. It is just to those who left their new
prairie farms and came back to find the prairie
fires had destroyed their buildings and their
last rail. Whj; deprive our poor men of this
pittance? It is unworthy of the gentlemen
and the powerful States which had a surplus
population for the Army. It is unworthy of
the country to deprive these men, because their
soldiers havo reeeived a thousand dollars or
more, at once from the abundance of their
friends, given, I grant, with a nobler patriot-
ism. Let this bill pass unamended, and it
will reach a large class of the noblest soldiers
and many who were compelled by disease to
leave the service.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Ihave an old bargain to
yield to the gentleman from Illinois, but I ask
him to be as brief as possible, as I understand
we must dispose of this bill before half past
four o'clock.
Mr. BROMWELL. The bargain of which
the gentleman has spoken is more than a day
old, and I regret what I had to say has been
forced back until after the previous question
has been seconded. Seeing the manner in
which the debate has been running and the
manifest danger to the bill of delay, I shall at
present say nothing on this occasion of what I
intended to say. I am thankful to tho gentle-
man from Ohio, however, for having at last
allowed me an opportunity to make this ex-
planation. I intend to vote for the bill, and I
would not now it' I had an opportunity attempt
to clog it with amendments to get up an excite-
ment, to do which there seetus to be some dis-
position. I hope, therefore, although this meas-
ure does not come up to the desires of all the
members, it will be allowed to pass without
further question. If there bo defects they can
be remedied by future legislation.
Mr. SCHENClv. I yield the floor and de-
mand the vote.
Mr. Benjamin's amendment was adopted.
The question then recurred on tho amend-
ment of Mr. ltoixiNs; and being taken, it
was decided in tho negative—yeas 75, nays84,
not voting 31; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alloy, Amos, Anconn, Baldwin,
Banks, Baxter, Beaman, Bergen, Blaine, Boutwell,
lioyer, Broomall, Chanlcr, Darling, Davis, Dawes,
Dawson, Doming, Dixon, Eliot, Kerry. Glossbrenner,
Goodyear, Griswold, Hart, Holmes, Hooper, Dcmas
Hubbard, JohnII.Hubbard, Edwin N.Hubbell.IIul-
burd, Humphrey, Hunter, Jonekes, Julian, Kelley,
Koteham, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Lynch, Mar-
vin, MoCullough, MeRuer, jVlercur, Miller, Moor-
head, Morris, Myers, Newell, Nicholson, O'Neill, Pat-
Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner, William ~B.
Washburn, Stephen F. Wilson, Winfield, and Wood-
bridge—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Arnell, James
M. Ashley, Baker, Benjamin, Bingham, Blow, Brom-
weli, Buckland, Bundy, Campbell, Reader W.Clarke,
Sidney Clarke,Cobb. Cook, Cooper, Cullom, Defrees,
Delano, JEgfflcston, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ifarquhar,
Fmek, Garfield, Grinnell, Aaron Harding, Abner C.
Harding, Hawkins, llayes, Henderson, Hi'gby, Hill,
Hise. Hogan, Chester D. Hubbard, James K. Hubhell,
IngersoU. Kasson, Kelso, Ken-, Kuykendall, Latham,
Wuliaro Lawrence, Le Blond, Leftwich, Loan, Long-
year, Marshall, Maynard, McClurg, Mclndoe, Mc-
Kee, Moulton, Niblaek, Noell, Orth, Paine, Plants,
Price, William H. Randall, Ritter, Ross, Rousseau,
Sawyer, Schenck, Shanklin, Shellabarger, Spalding,
Stilwell, Stokes, Strouse. Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thorn-
ton, Upson. Robert T. Van Horn, Andrew II. Ward,
Welker, Wentworth, Whaley, Williams, James F.
Wilson, and Windom—84.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Barker,
Bidwell, Brandegee, Conkling, Culver, Dcnison,
Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Hale,
Harris, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Jones,
Koontz, Marston, Morrill, Phelps, Pomeroy, Rad-
ford, Raymond, Rogers, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Trimble,
Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, ana
Wright—31.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Stevens.
Mr. STEVENS. The other amendment
having failed, I do not ask that mine be
adopted.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. Shellabarger's amendment was
adopted.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 69, not voting
29 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Arnell, James
M. Ashley, Baker, Beaman. Benjamin, Bidwell,
Bingham,Blow, Bromwell, Buekland,Bundy, Camp-
bell, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook,
Cooper, Cullom, Darling, Defrees, Delano, Donnelly,
Eggleston, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry,
Fmck. Garfield, Grinnoll, Abner C. Harding, Haw-
kins, Hayes, llonderson, Higby, Hill, Hogan, Chester
D. Hubbard, James R. Hnbbell, Humphrey, Hunter,
Ingersoll, Jenckos, Julian, Kasson, Kelso, Kerr,
Kuykendall, Latham, William Lawrence, Le Blond,
Leltwich, Loan, Longyear, Marshall, Maynard, Mc-
Clurg, McCuliough, Mclndoe, McKee, Morris, Moul-
ton, Niblaek, Nocil, Orth, Paine, Plants, Price, Wil-
liam II. Randall, Ross, Rousseau, Sawyer, Schenck,
Shellabargcr, Spalding, Stilwell, Stokes, Nathaniel
G, Taylor. Francis Thomas, John L, Thomas, Thorn-
ton, Trowbridge. IJpson, Robert T.Van Horn. Ham-
ilton Ward, Welker, Wentworth, Whaley, James F.
Wilson, and Windom—92.
NAYS — Messrs. Alley, Ames, Aneona, Baldwin,
Banks, Barker, Baxter, Bergen, Blaine, Boutwell,
Boyer, Broomall, Cbanler, Davis, Dawes, Dawson,
Deminqr, Dodge, Eliot, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Gris-
wold, Aaron Harding, Hart, Hise, Holmes, Hooper,
Demas Hubbard. John II. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hub-
bell, llulburd, Kelley, Ketcham, Laflin, George V.
Lawrence, Lynch, Marvin, McRuer, Mercur, Miller,
Moorhead, Myers, Nicholson, O'Neill, Patterson,
Perham, Piko, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander H.
Rico, John II. Rice, Ritter, Rollins, Seofield, Shank-
lin, Starr, Stevens, Strouse, Taber, Nelson Taylor,
Thayer, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Andrew H.
Ward, Warner, William B. Washburn, Williams,
Stenhon r. Wilson, Wintield, and Woodbridge—69.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Bran-
degee, Conkling, Culver, Denison, Dixon, Driggs,
Duuiont, Eckley, Hale, Harris, Iiotchkiss, Asahel
W. Hubbard. Jones, Koontz. Marston,Morrill. New-
ell, Phelps, Pomeroy, Radford, Raymond, Rogers,
Sitgreaves, Sloan, Trimble, Elihu B. Washburne,
Henry D. Washburn, and Wright—29.
So tho bill was passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATES COURT IN RHODE ISLAND.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to proceed to
business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly proceeded to busi-
ness on tho Speaker's table, the first business
being the consideration of the amendment of
the Senate to House bill No. 643, to alter the
places of holding the circuit courts of the
United States for the Rhode Island district.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment of the Senate
was concurred in; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL CAPITAL INSURANCE COMPANY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the consideration of the amendments of
the Senate to House bill No. 234, to incor-
porate the National Capital Insurance Com-
pany.
