1061
TBI COTORESSION'AL -GLOBE;
that he would have received the lofty teaching
that—
" The basis of our political system is the right of
the people to make and to alter their constitutions
of government; but the Constitution which at any
time exists, till changed byanexplicit<and authentic
act of the whole people, is sacredly obligatory upon
all."
He might also, in the same rich legacy of
patriotism and political wisdom, have read a
lesson not less worthy of attention to another
department of the Government, which seeks,
by consolidation of unauthorized power, to
deprive whole States and communities of their
guarantied rights. The lesson is :
" If, in the opinion of the people, the distribution
or modification of the constitutional powers be in
any particular wrong, let it be corrected by an
amendmen^in the way which the Constitution des-
ignates. But let there be no change by usurpation,
for though this, in one instance, may be the instru-
ment of good, it is the customary weapon by which
free Governments are destroyed. The precedent
must always greatly overbalance in permanent evil
any partial or transient benefit which the use can
atany time yield."
Sir, if there be any principle of democratic
government more firmly established than any
other in our history it is that of the insepar-
ability of the rights of taxation and represent-
ation. We established by the success of our
revolution that the home Government had no
right to tax us without our consent, orinother
words, without being heard by our representa-
tives, and without having through them a voice
in deciding the question of taxation. So great
and fundamental was this right deemed that
our fathers found in-it sufficient justification for
overturning their Government. It has been
recognized as the basis of every Government,
State and Federal, which they have framed
since. From the reverence with which this right
has been regarded in this country, and the
immense struggles and sacrifices made here to
maintain it, it may propeily be called the
American principle. Yet how strange is the
spectacle we behold ! A dominant majority in
the Legislature, while admitting the rebel
States to be in the Union for the purpose of
taxation, yet maintain that they are out of it
for the purpose of representation.
You will rethember, sir, that the Roman
republic granted the full rights of citizenship
even to the aliens of conquered provinces, and
this regardless of the bitterness and obstinacy
of their resistance to the standard of the repub-
lic. When once subdued and their defeat
acknowledged, they were received into the
enjoyment of equal rights with the inhabitants
of the city itself. "lam a Roman citizen,"
■was the talismanic formula which secured the
inhabitant of distant Sicily protection against
the extortions of a Verres as much as it did
from any other injury the dweller upon the
Seven Hills. And this was done, sir, in a
Government which was without a written con-
stitution, from a sense of justice and policy
only, and was the great secret why Rome re-
tained her compacted strength while constantly
extending her boundaries. Here, on the other
hand, in a Government of defined powers, in
a polity which is professedly one of self-gov-
ernment, the party which happens at a critical
juncture to be possessed of the power denies
self-government to the other, though by the
common charter the rights of all are equal. It
matters not, after peace is restored, that one
of these parties has been in rebellion against
the common Government, for the status ante
helium instantly revives.
Sir, it is impossible to apply the principles
assumed by the majority here in a Government
lljie ours without adopting the theory of the
consolidation and centralization of the entire
sovereignty of the people in the General Gov-
ernment. I have already occupied the atten-
tion of the House upon this subject, yet its
importance at this juncture seems to demand
some further remark. I fear, sir, that the
difference is too little known or considered,
the danger too little perceived or heeded; yet
no question is of such vital importance. No
reader of our history can forget how jealous,
at the formation of the Government, were the
States of parting with any portion of their sov-
ereignty. Thisjealousy wasnatural; forsolong
as the States retained their full powers every
individual possessed, in the authority of his
State, the most ample protection for his private
rights and for the correction of abuses, while
he felt that his interests would receive the most
careful attention in the local legislation. He
did not feel that his welfare would be quite so
well consulted if any of the functions of sov-
ereignty were yielded by the State and depos-
ited in the hands of agents not amenable to
.State authority, and, it might prove, regard-
less of individual rights and not sympathizing
with individual interests. It was, therefore,
only after a long struggle that the States con-
sented to conferring upon a common Govern-
ment such functions of sovereignty as could be
best exercised by it for the general benefit of
the whole. Whilethey did so they were equally
careful to secure themselves in the possession
of the remainder by inserting in the Federal
Constitution the provision that—
" The powers not delegated to the United States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
are reserved to t'no States respectively, or to the
people."—-Article 10, Amendments.
Now, it is of the utmost importance that
these boundaries should be preserved; that
they should neither be intrenched upon by
State action nor by an enlargement of the
Federal authority a tittle beyond, what is abso-
lutely required to secure the objects set forth in
the preamble to the Constitution. State sover-
eignty, except in so far as granted away by ex-
press stipulation, subsists in its full vigor, and
should be guarded with the utmost vigilance.
If State rights are absorbed and curtailed in the
manner assumed by the amendment which con-
fers upon the General Government the control
of the right of suffrage, the individual is placed !
at agreat distance from the guardianship ofthe
sovereign authority, and his State becomes of
no more importance in the Government than
is a county as respects the government of the
State.
The great future which spreads before the
country demands for the fulfillment of our mis-
sion the preservation of our liberties in the
purity in which thev were established. The
vastness of territory for which coming genera-
tions will have to legislate will appear from the
consideration of a single fact in our history.
It is the facility with which the Government,
for reasons deemed expedient at the time, re-
nounced by treaty with Great Britain a very
tenable claim to the country lying between
49° and 54° 40', a territory sufficient for the
formation of sixteen States as large as Penn-
sylvania. From the readiness with which so
extensive a region, for reasons not imperative,
was granted away may be understood the vast
extent of that which still remains the property
of the nation and is open for the reception of
our institutions. America, comprising the
States which now are and those yet to be, is
the great theater of modern enterprise and
political experiment. She must be either re-
publican or despotic. If we yield our theory
of State rights and union of limited powers,
we surrender the great principle of free govern-
ment, and may prepare, first for a limited mon-
archy in the shape of a consolidated govern-
ment, and eventually for a despotism. Onr
safety and prosperity; as a nation depend en-
tirely upon the inflexible fidelity with which we
adhere to and maintain the great boundaries of
power, as I have endeavored to point them out.
The Union is not a union of force. It cannot
be preserved by force. It rests upon interest
and the mutual attachment of the members.
When we look, sir, at the unexampled prog-
ress of our country in the past, in the limited
portion of it brought under settlement, and
consider the vast area still open for occupation
and development, what powerful inducements
do we not see for the preservation of the Union?
Our territory, embracing an area of nearly three
million square miles, is equal to that of Eu-
rope. In natural wealth and in the distribution
of the great highways of intercourse afforded by
water communication it surpasses any quarter
of the globe. In its abundanceof the precious
metals and minerals, in coal, iron, lead, cop-
per, and petroleum, the material of labor, it
is the marvel of the world. Its agricultural
capabilities, extending through every variety yf
climate and production which belong to. the
temperate zone, are equally unrivaled. It.has
been calculated that in ten years our product
of the SSreals will exceed those of England and
France together; while a European population
greater than that of either of those countries
is supported by our cotton. Under the influ-
ence of our free institutions the development
of our industry has kept pace with our natural
advantages. We vie with the oldest and most
civilized of existing nations in the products of
the useful and ornamental arts, in valuable in-
ventions, and in works of intellect and taste. To
united Airoripa the world owes the steamboat,
the electric telegraph, and the monitor. By
the genius of an American the cable binds by
electric ties the Eastern and Western hemi-
spheres ; and in another lustrum an iron band
will connect the great oceans which wash the
shores of our continent, and the patriot in the
full exultation of his heart may stand upon the
golden shores of the Pacific and there witness
the new direction which will then be given to
the great commercial current of the world.
We have upward of thirty thousand miles
of railroad, more than four times as much as
England and more than any other country.
The Government has still a thousand million
acres of unoccupied land, and our area is ca-
pable of supporting a population as great in
number. Sir, it is in our power to realize all
this, and more than our wildest dreams have
pictured. It can be done, but only by preserv-
ing in their purity the institutions transmitted
us by our fathers and now in our responsible
keeping.
A wa,r with foreign Powers sooner or later is
inevitable. We have high authority for saying
that nation will rise against nation. The strug-
gle for empire, for commercial advantages, for
the propagation of systems, religious and po-
litical, will forever go on. The evil passions
and ambitions of men exist now as in the days
of Cataline and the Cassars. The very attempt
to establish on this continent a purely popular
Government is so revolutionary and dangerous
as an example to the regal Governments across
the water that they will sooner or later make
a combined effort for its overthrow. This in
itself should produce a unity.of sentiment in
the North for the restoration of fraternal rela-
tions.
In such a conflict the South would become a
necessity. From the Capes of the Delaware to
the Rio Grande are embraced the mouths of
the great rivers. The revolution could never
have been successful without her hearty cooper-
ation, and without her gallant aid in 1812 we
should have lost our country and her independ-
ence. We must not only secure to her equality
in representation, but equal justice in every
department of the administration of the Gov-
ernment. Without this there can be no fraternal
relations, and we thus wickedly and blindly
cust away that popular affection which is the
great basis of our institutions and the bulwark
of our defense and security. The English Gov-
ernment is the work of a thousand years, and
although great and powerful, and in one sense
eminently successful, yet it is maintained by the
coneentraf ed power of the House of Lords and
by the army and navy. Our Government is
still an experiment. Our population is sparse
compared with theextent of our territory and the
magnitude of our resources. While Belgium
has a population of four hundred and thirty two
to the square mile, and England three hundred
and seventy-one, the United States have but
ton. It requires no reach of vision to see in
the not far distant future a change of this con-
dition. From almost every country of Europe
streams of emigration are directed to our shores.
Our capacity to support a population equal to
the most densely inhabited district of England
or Germany must be admitted by all. To live
