1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1949
republican form of government; it is incon-
sistent with our Government. It may be
smiled at by those who have not thought; but
to me, who have undertaken to think upon
such questions, it is a matter of grave con-
sideration. I think this proposition itself, as
an initiative, is well, that men shall not be
subsidized, and because they take a small office
of fifty dollars per month have to pay five
dollars, or $500 and have to pay fifty dollars,
or $5,000 a year and have to pay $500. This
has been the practice of our country, to our
great demoralization, and unless it shall be
retrieved by our going back to our first integ-
rity, farewell to the institutions established in
this Republic.
I have had occasion to remark, and I remark
again, that republics in their foundations rest
in virtue; monarchies, as Montesquieu says,
rest in honor; tyrannies rest in force. When
we cease to have virtue and to maintain virtue
in office we must seek new institutions, not
such as were contemplated by the men of
1787. There are, it seems, wiser men now
than they were, better instructed in the his-
tory of nations, abler to organize systems; but
the opinion that this is so has not come within
my own contemplation.
I agree with the Senator from Massachu-
setts in the idea of his amendment, but it is
not sufficiently extended. We are guilty of a
lack of virtue in office, and I fear a lack of
virtue among all officers. Our people are
virtuous; but from the time a man becomes
a scribe in a clerk's office, he only thinks of
office ; by the time a man becomes a county
clerk, he only thinks of office as a rule. There
are exceptions to the rule: We have multi-
plied offices, and the multiplication of offices
is what most demoralizes us. It would be well
if we circumscribed offices by stringent law;
and I should be well pleased if the Senator
from Massachusetts would carry his present
thought through the full source of legislation
and make it a general law.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment, and they were ordered ;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 9 ;
as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Davis, Dixon,
Edmunds, Fogg, Grimes, Lane, MclJougall, Morgan,
Nesmith, Nye. Itoss, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart,
Sumner, Van Winkle, Wade, and Wilson—20.
NAYS—Messrs. liuckalew, Conner, Cowan, Poster,
Frelinghuysen, Howe, Pomeroy, Willey, aiul Wil-
liams—9.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Oattell, Cragin, Cres-
well, Doolittle, Fcssonden, Fowler, Unthrie, Harris,
Henderson, Hendricks,Howard, Johnson, Kirkwood,
Morrill, Norton, Patterson, Poland, llamsey, Kiddle,
Saulsbury, Trumbull, and Yates—2$.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole. The
Chair will put the question on the amendments
collectively unless a separate vote is demanded
on any particular amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to except the amend-
ment striking out the appropriation of $1,500
for an examiner of the naval archives.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to except the last
amendment voted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thoseamend-
ments will be excepted. The question is on
concurring in the other amendments made as
in Committee of the Whole.
The amendments were concurred in.
The Secretary read the first excepted amend-
ment, which was on page 5, after line ninety-
seven, to strike out the following clause;
For pay of some suitable person, appointed by the
Secretary of the Navy, to examine the archives of
the Department and other sources of information,
and collect and collate the facta which may illogtrate
the history of the United States Navy, $1,500.
The amendment was concurred in.
Tho next excepted amendment was to insert
as an additional section the following:
And be it further enaeted. That no ofioer or em-
ploy£ of the Uovernuieut shall require or request any
workingman in any navy-yard to contribute or pay
any money for political purposes, nor shall any work-
ingman be removed or discharged for political opin-
ion; and any officer or employi; of the Government
who shall offend against tho provisions of this act
shall be dismissed tho service of the United States.
Mr. WILLEY. I desire to make a sugges-
tion to the Senator from Massachusetts in re-
gard to the application of the terms of that
amendment. The language is, "any officer
or employ6 of the Government who shall offend
against the provisions of this act." It makes
an offense against this "act" a cause for dis-
missal. That applies to the whole bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It ought to be "against
the provisions of this section." The word
"act" should be stricken out and " section"
inserted.
Mr. WILSON. Very well, I will make that
change in the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modi-
fication will be made unless there be objection.
The amendment was concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
frossed and the bill to be read a third time,
t was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE IIOCSE
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to the report of the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (H. R. No. 598) to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to some and disagreed to
other of the amendments of tho Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 1126) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year end-
ing June 30, 1808, and for other purposes,
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Tuaddeus Stevens "of Pennsylvania, Mr.
N. P. Banks of Massachusetts, and Mr. Sam-
uel Sheli.abauger of Ohio, managers at the
same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 11G1) to amend
existing laws relating to internal revenue, asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon aijd had appointed Mr. Justin
S. Moititiu, of Vermont, Mr. James K. Moon-
HEAn of Pennsylvania, and Mr. JonN Hogan*
of Missouri, managers at the same on its part.
ENROLLED RILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the enrolled bill (II. 11. No. 1154)
making appropriations for the repair, preser-
vation, and completion of certain public works
heretofore commenced under the authority of
law, and for other purposes; and it was there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore of
the Senate.
DUTIES ON WOOL AND WOOLENS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 703.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What is that ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The wool bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. [Mr. Pome-
roy.] The Senator from Ohio moves to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (,11. R. No.
793) to provide increased revenue from im-
ported wool, and for other purposes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Bcckalew] entered amotion the
other day to reconsider a bill which had passed.
I understand that he merely wished to get a
vote on the bill, and I ask that that vote may
be taken now.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let this hill be taken up
first, and then I shall not object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I allude to the motion
to reconsider the vote on the passage of the
bill providing for a department of education.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I understand that the
Senator from Ohio will give way informally to
allow the vote on. that subject to be taken when
this bill is taken up.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us take up this bill
first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the bill is
taken up it can be laid aside informally for the
purpose of taking that vote.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to remind the Senate
again that there are a large number of private
claims pending here that ought to be acted
upon, i'hey have been passed by the House
and must be passed by the Senate, or go back
again, and although 1 am not interested in any
of them myself, nor my constituents, other
Senators are, and I should like to have the
Senate act upon them at some time. I have
waited until this hour, and I hope the Senate
will allow me to take them up now.
Mr. GRIMES. Make a motion.
Mr. HOWE. I cannot make a motion, be-
cause this other motion is pending.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the question be taken
on this.
Mr. HOWE. I cannot help the question
being taken, but I want to call the attention
of the Senate to tho condition of those bills ;
and if, in view of these facts, they vote to pro-
ceed with the consideration of this bill, of
course I acquiesce as in dutv bound.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion made by the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not believe that
we ought to proceed with the consideration of
the bill named by the Senator from Ohio. I
think at this stage of the session we ought not
to open the tariff bill for its examination for
the first time to-day; and we might just as well
meet the question perhaps now as anywhere,
whether we intend to undertake to change the
system of tariff, of revenue from duties at this
session at all. Both sessions have been to
some extent occupied in the consideration of
a tariff bill. The two Houses, after very full
consideration of the questions, have been un-
able to agree upon any bill. Now, at a time
when it is impossible for Congress properly to
consider a bill, it is proposed to secure the
passage of one which could not pass if there
were time for its consideration. The very fact
that there is not time is the reason given for
passing this bill. This bill is not going to
become a law providing merely for wool and
woolen goods. Senators know the pending
amendment proposed by the Senator from
New Jersey 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must remind the Senator that a discussion of
the merits of the bill is not in order on a
motion to take it up.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir; but on that
I have a right to refer to the whoie question,
its general scope. I am discussing now what
it is proposed to take up. Taking up this bill,
as I said, is not taking up a proposition simply
to provide for wool and wooleu goods. The
proposition which we propose to take up goes
very much further, for we take up the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from New Jer-
sey. In that light I think it is proper for me
to make the remarks I am suggesting.
Mr. President, I think there ought to lie
some stability in our system of taxation. It
affects the values of property in the country. I
think this practice of changing the revenue
system every session of Congress is a most
vicious one. I believe in the last four years
we have had four or five or six tariff laws. To
undertake to adopt a system at this stage of
the session, it seems to me. is risking too
much. We might just as well say now as at
any other time of the session that we will not
take up the bill for consideration, and then we
can take up other bills which we can properly
consider.
The motion of Mr. Sherman was agreed to.
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now desire to call up
this motion to reconsider, to which I have re-
ferred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. "Hie bill
regularly before the S«nate can be laid as Id a
