1274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pacific railroad.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent., sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
aireeU-'.i to communicate to this House a statement
°J . e W?3 which the beginning point for the
claim of the Umon Pacific Xtailroad Company and
of the Centra! Pacific Railroad Company of Cali-
fornia., lor additional bonds from the United States
for the construction of said railroad botwoen the east-
ern base of the Rocky mountains and tho western
base ot tho Sierra Nevada mountains* is ascertained
ana adjusted under the eleventh section of the act
approved July 1,1862, relating to said road.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for
executive information, unanimous consent is
necessary for its consideration on this day.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
pensions to soldiers of 1812.
Mr. WHALEY, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint resolution of tho Legislature of
the State of West Virginia, asking the passage
of a law granting additional pensions to the
surviving soldiers of the war of 1812; which
was referred to tho Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
west virginia agricultural college.
Mr. WHALEY also, by unanimous consent,
presented a joint resolution of tho Legislature of
tho State of West Virginia, asking an additional
appropriation of lana to-aid in establishing an
agricultural college; which was referred to the
Committee on Agriculture, and ordered to be
printed.
roads and bridges in west virginia.
Mr. WIIALEY also, by unanimous consent,
presented a joint resolution of the Legislature
of the State of West Virginia, asking an ap-
propriation by Congress to aid in rebuilding
certain roads and bridges destroyed during tho
late war; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to bo printed.
wisconsin mail route.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions of the State of Wis-
consin, memorializing Congress for the estab-
lishment of a mail route therein designated;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Oflice and Post Itoads.
BTHAMSIIIP SHKVrOK TO SANDWICH ISLANDS.
Mr. McRUKR, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Itoads, reported back House bill No. 1081), to
Authorize the establishment ot ocoan mail sloani-
ship service between the United States and tho
bunrtwich Islands,with amendments, and moved
thai they bo printed, and recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mi, IRO\\ BRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote just taken; and also moved that tho
motion to reconsider bo laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bankrupt bill.
The House resumed tho consideration of tho
unfinished business, being the amendments of
the Senate to the bankrupt bill.
Mr. JENCKES. I move that the House
noii-concur in tho amendments, and ask for
a cotnmittce of conference.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I think (hey ought
to be referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency.
Mr. JENCKES. They have been before that
committee.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Few members have
liaa an opportunity to examine those amend-
ments.
Mr. DAWES, J suggest to tho gentleman
this disposition of his bill; it is evident ho
cannot command a majority of the House to «o
for these amendments ; it took all the gentle-
man s skill to command a majority of the
House for the bill as it was sent to the Senate ■
I submit if he expects to carry the bill into law
we ought to non-concur without proposing a
committee of conference, and let the other
branch understand they must adopt the bill as
it came from tho House. It is as much as tho
February 15,
gentleman can ask of the friends who have
stood by him to vote for the bill as it went
from the House. I make the suggestion to
the gentleman as a friend of the bill and one
desirous of voting for it if I can.
Mr. JENCKES. Very well; I wove to non-
concur ; and on that motion I demand the
previous question.
Mr. BLAINE. Is it the intention to have
a vote on the amendments to-night?
Mr. JENCKES. Only on the motion to
non-concur to send them back to the Senate.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the motion to
non-concur be voted down, will it not be in
order to move to refer them to the Committee
on Banking and Currency?
The, SPEAKER It will.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
36. noes 30: no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Price and Mr. Spalding.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 55, noes 44.
So the previous question was seconded.
_ Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, demanded the pre-
vious question on ordering the main question
to be now put.
Mr. ROLLINS called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
lellers were not ordered, and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
_ The SPEAKER ordered tellers on the ques-
tion ; and appointed Mr. Rollins and Mr. Ran-
dall.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 57, noes 42.
So tho main question was ordered to be now
put.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved that the
amendments bo laid on the table; and on that
motion demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
I he question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 55, nays GO, not voting,
75; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alloy, Arnoll, Baker, Bingham,
Ijlaino, Boutwoll, Brouiwell, Broomuli, Campbell.
ltondcrW.Clarko.Cook, Cullom, Dofrees. Egelcston
Mdridgo, Abncr C. Harding, Hawkins, Hayes, Ches-
i01',. U-ubbard, Ineersoll, Julian, Kerr, Kuyken-
da 11, Uoortro V. Lawronco, William Lavvrenco, Lo
Blond, Leftwieh, boan, Maynard, MoClurg, McKce,
Morour, Miller, Myers Niblaok, O'Noill, Orth, Paine
5 nw-°ir- 1 "f!1",1?' ft"*. Samuel J. Ran-
<>!! iV  J?* Randall, Ivolhns, Sawyer, Schonck,
Shellftbarffor. fetnrr, Stokes, Andrew II. Ward, Wil-
liam 13. Washburn, Wolkcr, James F, Wilson, and
Stonhon F. Wilson—65.
NAYS-^Mcssra. Allison, Ames, Ancona, James M.
Ashloy, Baxter, Beamun, Auckland, Cooper, Dar-
Iiijr, Davis, Diiwes, Doming Doniwm, Dixon, Dodao.
hiiot, luirnsworth, Ferry, Aaron Harding. Hnrt,Hig-
by, Hooper, John II..Hubbard, KdwinN. Hubboli,
.fames It. HubboN, Hulburd, Ilumnhroy, Jcnckcs,
Kasson, Kcilpy. Lnflni, Lonpyoar. Marvin, MoRacr,
Moorhciid, Morns, Nicholson, Pike, Alexander (I.
Itiuo, John 11. Rieo%Hitter, Rousseau, Scoflcld, Sit
 uu 'win, Awuuiu j-. v.iu nurn, itatumon Ward,
Wnrncr, Wcntworth, Williams*, Windorn, and Wood-
bndKo—60.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Delos It. Ash-
ley, Baldwin. .Banks, Barker,Benjamin. iiorircn, Bid-
well, Blow, Boyor, Brandcsce, Bundy, Chanlcr, Sid-
ney Clarke,.Cobb, Conklin?, Culver, Dawson. Delano,
Donnelly.priKgs, Bumont, Ecldoy, Karquhnr, Finck
(rarlic <1, <>los.i cmior, Qoodyear, (irinucll, Griswold.
Halo. Harris. Henderson Hill, Uiso. Hogan, Holmes
Hotclikiss, Asahnl W. ilubbard, Demas ilubbard
llanter, Jones, Kolso, Kctoham, Koontz, Latham,
irt 1Y?rs \al1' Mara'on. MeCulIough, Meludoo
Mom" Moulton, Newell, Soell. Phelps. Poraeroy
Radford, Raymondltogers, Ross, Shanklin, Sloan
Stovens, fctilwoll, Nathaniel 0. Taylor, John J,
rliomas, Thornton, Trimble, Van Aornam, Elihu B.
feflbabnd Writes0' WMhbnrn' Wh#lw' Wi "
80 the House refused to lay the amendments
of the Senate upon the table.
The question recurred on the motion to non-
concur in the amendments of the Senate, and
they were non-concurred in.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which tho amendments of the Senate were
non-concurred in; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
codifying customs laws.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the consideration of the amendments of
the Senate to. House joint resolution No. 251,
to extend the time for codifying the laws rela-
tive to customs, authorized % the joint resolu-
tion approved July 26, 1866.
On motion of Mr. DEMING, the amendment
of the Senate, extending the time till the 1st
of January, 1868, was concurred in.
soldiers' and sailors' orphans' home.
The next business on the Speaker'stable was
the consideration of theamendment of the Sen-
ate to House bill No. 848, to amend an act en-
titled "An act to incorporate the National Sol-
diers' and Sailors' Orphan' Home," approved
July 25, 1866.
On motion of Mr. WELKER, the amend-
ment of the Senate, to strike out all after the
enacting clause and insert a substitute, was
concurred in.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reeonsider the
vote by which the amendment of the Senate
was concurred in; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the rules be suspended, and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole.
The motion was disagreed to.
bailiffs and criers in the district.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the consideration of the amendment of the
Senate to House bill No. 356, fixing the com-
pensation for the bailiffs and criers of the
courts of the District of Columbia.
The amendment of tho Senate was to strike
out the following section:
-And be it further enacted, That so much of the not
of Congress as limits the number of notaries publio
to thirty-live is hereby repealed; and tho supreme
court of the District may appoint as many as they
doom necessary for tho public convenience.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the House
concur.
Mr. LE BLOND. In what respect does that
change the original law?
Mr. INGERSOLL. It allows the appoint-
ment of notaries to be made by the supreme
court of the District. It changes the original
law.
Mr. LE BLOND. Is that the only change?
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is the only change,
I believe.
Mr. LE BLOND. Were they not appointed
before by some other tribunal—by the Presi-
dent?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I believe they were.
It also changes the number as well as the mode
of appointment.
The SPEAKER. The Senate has stricken
out that provision.
Mr. LE BLOND. That is what I wanted
to know. I am informed that the President
appoints them.
Ihe SPEAKER. That is exactly the effect
of tho amendment.
Mr. BARNS WORTH. Do I understand
that the effect of the amendment of the Senate
is to leave the appointment with the President,
where it was before? Then I hope the House
will not concur. [Laughter.]
Ihe question being put, there were—ayes
32, noes 32; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair appointed •
Messrs. Farnsworth and Le Blond.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 36, noes 62.
So the amendment of the Senate was non-
concurred in.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move a committee of
conference.
The motion was agreed to.
judicial proceedings in tiie district.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the consideration of the amendment of the
Senate to House bill No. 907, to amend a law
of the District of Columbia in relation to
judicial proceedings therein.
ihe amendment of the Senate, which was
verbal, was concurred in.
Mr. MAYNARD. moved to reconsider the
