1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1951
for a further conferenat on the disagreeing
votes.
Mr. ANTHONY. If it is in order, I wish
to move that the conferees on the part of the
Senate be instructed to agree upon the basis
of allowing each House to settle the compen-
sation to be paid to its own officers. We have
had disputes session after session on this ques-
tion, and I think it ought to be settled.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it will expedite
matters in regard to the future course of this
bill to make a statement of the points of dif-
ference. My friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Buckalew] has had chief charge of the mat-
ter. The matter of the compensation of the
judges, as I supposed, was agreed upon at one
time; but it became a point of disagreement
again. The real controversy is in regard to
the various resolutions passed by the House
of Representatives at the last session increas-
ing the pay of their own employes. This con-
troversy comes up at every session, and at the
close of the last session we settled it by a law
by which we increased the compensation of
all the employ6s of both Houses twenty per
cent. The House, however, by various reso-
lutions passed at the last session, agreed to
give some of their employes twenty, in some
cases forty per cent, increase, and in some
cases sixty per cent.; and now they insist that
these resolutions shall be carried into effect.
There are eight or ten or twelve of them. It
is difficult to tell from reading them what com-
pensation they do fix. These resolutions were
in violation of law. They admit themselves
that they were in violation of law ; they admit
that the practice is wrong; and the-committee
of conference on the part of the Senate, in
view of the judgment of the Senate so strongly
expressed against this practice, thought it
ought to stop. It is expressly prohibited by
law. It is true that the prohibition has been
repealed two or three times to meet special
cases; but still the House have continued to
pass these resolutions, and now they seek to put
authority for them in the appropriation bills.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is not in violation of
any law if this law authorizes it.
Mr. SHERMAN. They now attempt to
legalize it in this bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. This makes it legal. I
propose to authorize each House to fix the
compensation of'its own officers at whatever it
sees fit.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate conferees were
perfectly willing to sit down and make a fair ad-
justment of the compensation of the officers of
the two Houses, and they entered into that work.
My own impression is that the best way to
solve the whole matter is to adhere to our
action on the second section of the bill which
involves this question, and then to provide for
a joint committee to adjust the compenssvtion
of the employes of the two Houses. I am sat-
isfied that when the question is presented to
the other House in that form they will agree
to that. If there was any way of amending
the second section so as to be in order, it might
be well to do that. The Senator from Ver-
mont had a very good section prepared as a
substitute for section two, and perhaps it would
be better to amend that section by agreeing to
his substitute. If both Houses will agree to
that it would solve the controversy without
another conference; and if the Senator from
Vermont has his section prepared and ready
to offer he can now present it as an amend-
ment to the second section; and perhaps the
House will agree to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Can we deal in this way
with the report of a committee of conference ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 am not familiar with
such things ; but it seems to me it is a very
strange proceeding to take the report of a
committee of conference in part. I thought it
was an entirety.
Mr. SHERMAN. A committee of confer-
ence may report an agreement in part and a
disagreement in part; and then, upon report-
ing a disagreement in part, the amendments
upon which there is a disagreement are open,
and we can now act upon them according to
parliamentary law. Section two, being the
section in regard to the extra compensation
of the House employes, is a question of disa-
greement between the two Houses, and that is
now open to us. We can amend it and send
it back in an amended form by insisting upon
our amendment with an amendment; or we
can recede; or we can adhere; or we can in-
sist simply. We can insist with an amend-
ment, and modify the proposition in any form
we choose.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to say a word if
this matter is going to another committee of
conference. The real point of difference in
the last conference was in relation to the com-
pensation to be paid to the House clerks. The
House of Representatives having during the
last session of Congress passed several resolu-
tions providing for an increase in the amount
of compensation of several of their clerks and
employes, insist that they should now be paid
according to those resolutions. In relation to
the amendment that was made in the Senate
raising the salaries of the district judges there
was no substantial disagreement in reference
to that. With a slight modification we agreed
entirely on that point. There was no difference
between the conferees of the two Houses in
relation to raising the salaries of the district
judges, provided we had been willing to accede
to what they claimed in accordance with the
idea of the Senator from Rhode Island. If we
had been willing to accede to their claims, that
an appropriation should be made to pay the
clerks and other employes of the House accord-
ing to their resolutions, they were perfectly
ready to accede to the amendment of the
Senate in relation to the salaries of the judges
with a slight modification. I apprehend, there-
fore, that the real difference is not at all in
regard to the question about the compensation
of the judges; and if I may be allowed so to
speak, that is viewed as mere leverage in aid
of their claim for compensation to their clerks.
The Senate may therefore understand that
there is no occasion to peril the provision as to
raising the salaries of the judges to help out
the disagreement of the two Houses in refer-
ence to the compensation of the clerks of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will say a few words
on this question before it is disposed of. Dur-
ing the last Congress the House of Represent-
atives voted to increase the compensation of
their own officers by resolution of that body
alone. At the end of the session the question
came up in a committee of conference, and the
House insisted upon executing the resolution
they had passed, which was in open contempt
of a public statute. The Senate resisted it, but
finally in the committee conceded the point.
Under that resolution S40,000 or upward was
added to the contingent fund of the House and
distributed among the officers of the House.
It was very reluctantly conceded on the part
of the Senate, but under the pressure of cir-
cumstances those who represented this body
gave way. That was voted upon the ground
that the House was bound in honor to its own
officers by the resolution which it had adopted.
Those officers were then paid over forty thou-
sand dollars, and not a dollar of extra com-
pensation was given to the officers of the
Senate. We supposed at that time that we
were done with this mode of doing business.
Gentlemen on the part of the House insisted
that the subject had not been understood; but
that the House having pledged its honor, we
ought to allow it to execute its resolution, and
we did so.
Last session, in defiance of the understand-
ing which had been entered into when this
large amount of money was paid to the House
officers, the House adopted at various times a
number of resolutions. It would seein that
one and another member of the House, on dif-
ferent occasions, would get up and offer a res-
olution relating to some particular officer, and
the House would vote it, and that was the end
of it. These resolutions were accumulated,
and I think there were more than a dozen in
number by the end of last session. When
our committees of conference mot on the ap-
propriation bill, they had a renewal of the
j scene of last year; they were met with the
i demand on the part of the House that we
should allow these illegal resolutions to be
carried out. It required the concurrence of
: the Senate in a law voting the money to cover
them, because no money could be drawn from
the Treasury for them unless we agreed to it.
The result of the conference at that time was
that the Senate agreed with the House to in-
crease the compensation of the officers of both
Houses twenty per cent. That was agreed to
as a substitute for this irregular and illegal pro-
' ceeding of passing resolutions in the House,
1 and it covered the whole subject. The money,
j was paid, and the officers received it. On
, that occasion our officers participated in the
twenty per cent, increase, and they get it now ;
; the officers of both Houses get it.
At the end of this session, for the third time
in the appropriation bill, the House claim that
we shall go back to the last session of Congress
and take up these defunct resolutions, and pay
these officers the whole amount of money for
which they provided. One officer was increased •
by one of these extraordinary resolutions sixty-
six percent.; anumberof others were increased
forty to fifty per cent. At the same time other
officers of the House, of the same rank and
grade and merit, were not increased at all.
Some of these resolutions commenced the
gratuity to the officers from the commence-
ment of the Congress; others commenced
from the beginning of the fiscal year; others
are limited in the duration of time over which
they go, and others are not. In other words,
it is a mass of confusion, of irregularity, of
inequality; and these resolutions are the very
ones upon which the arrangement for paying
twenty per cent, at the last session was based.
Now, sir, the question is whether this system
is to stop or go on. Our officers get their
twenty per cent, under the law; the officers of
the House get their twenty percent, under the
law; they are equal. If you undertake to pay
these House officers under these old, unequal,
and objectionable resolutions which were pro-
vided for last year and settled, then as a mat-
ter of justice you must go over all the Sen-
ate officers, and you must make up your mind
to a similar system of confusion and irregularity
here. It was the opinion of the committee who
have just had this subject in their charge that
the House ought to recede from that portion of
the bill as they framed it. and allow this matter
of the compensation of the officers of both
Houses to go to a joint committee at the begin-
ning of the next session next week, where it
can be considered, and where you can have a
principle of equality and justice between the
two Houses. 1 do not know what may occur
hereafter on this bill; but for one, I will never
vote one dime or one copper upon these reso-
lutions of the last session of the House of Rep-
resentatives. We stand upon a law, a public
law, known to the House, known to the coun-
try, in resisting this attempt after we have had
this subject up for two years, and after we have
expended $40,000 upon the House officers at the
last Congress, after we have increased twenty
per cent, by a permanent provision of law the
compensation of the officers of both Houses.
It is a system of favoritism, and if you yield on
this occasion you will have to do it at the next
session again. Nobody who represents the in-
terests of the House can insist that this thing
is right; nobody pretends that it is right. I
have not heard any one make an argument in
favor of it; but it is said we ought to do what-
ever the House asks. Under the circumstances,
I am not willing to do what the House asks on
on this particular point.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, that
the Senate further insist upon its forty-fourth,
forty-eighth, and fiftieth amendments to tips
bill, and ask for a further conference of the
