1952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on those
amendments.
The motion was agreed to; and the President
pro tempore being authorized to appoint the
committee of conference on the part of the
Senate, Messrs. Trumbull, Edmunds, and
Davis were appointed.
* duty on wool and woolens.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. 11. No. 793) to
provide increased revenue from imported wool,
and for other purposes.
Mr. SHERMAN". I withdraw the amend-
ment which I offered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the Senate
might be allowed to adjourn now.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us pass this bill.
' Mr. CATTELL. I move to amend the bill
by adding as an additional section:
And be it further enacted. That from and after ten
days from the passage of this act there shall be levied,
collected, and paid on all goods, wares, and merchan-
dise, not herein provided for, imported intotheUnited
States from foreign countries, and now subject to duty
under existing law3, an additional duty of one fifth
or twenty per cent, of the duty, or rates of duty,
including specific and ad valorem rates now imposed
by law upon such goods, wares, and merchandise:
Provided, That no additional duty shall be levied,
collected, or paid on sugar, molasses, tea, coffec, salt,
lumber, coal, dyewoods, soda-ash, and bleaching
powders.
I do not propose to consume five minutes of
tlie time of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us adjourn, and hear
the Senator's speech in the morning. I move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a quoram here,
and I think we ought to go on.
Mr. CATTELL. I desire only to say that
both Houses of Congress were engaged for
many days in the consideration of a tariff bill;
and the votes of both Houses, our own being
near three to one, have settled the question
that some additional duties on imports are
demanded by the present condition of the in-
dustries and the wanted revenues of the coun-
try. And yet, on account of the shortness of
the session, the tariff bill prepared with so
much care is likely to fell; and it is now pro-
posed that a bill sent to us from the other House,
covering one of the most important branches
of industry, the wool and woolen interest, shall
be taken as it came from the House. I propose
by the amendment which I offer to that bill to
atone in some degree for the loss of the tariff
bill by providing for a uniform advance of
twenty per cent, upon the duties which are pay-
able by present laws upon imported goods.
This will do something to revive the depressed
industries of the nation. It is not more than
half the increased rate of duty provided by the
bill which received the sanction of this body,
and which has virtually received the sanction
of the other House by a large majority, judging
from several votes there taken.
I conceive that it is due to ourselves and to
the country that we shall at least do something
before we adjourn to revive the flagging indus-
tries of the nation. The amendment which I
propose reaches this point and excepts from
its provisions the great staples of tea, coffee,
sugar, molasses, and coal, and one or two of
the articles which furnish the base of our manu-
facturing^ industry, as soda-ash and bleaching
powder. Such a proposition as this, I con-
ceive, can hardly fail to meet the approbation
of the Senate, for we have deliberately by a
vote of nearly three to one decided that some
further protection ought to be given to Ameri-
can industry. I sincerely trust that the amend-
ment will be adopted and the bill itself passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is manifest that we
cannot sit all night and all day, too, and I think
we had better adjojirn to meet at eleven o'clock
to-morrow; and if it meets the views of the
Senate, I will move that the Senate now adjourn
to meet at eleven o'clock to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at twelve
o'clock and thirty minutes a. m.) the Senate
adjourned to meet to-morrow at eleven o'clock
a. m.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, March 2, 1867.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of tlie two Houses on the bill of the House
No. 1134, declaring and fixing the right of vol-
unteers as a part of the Army.
report OV a committee.
Mr. YAN WINKLE. The Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the joint reso- i
lution (H. R. No. 300) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to audit and settle the 1
accounts of John Sedgwick, collector of in- !
ternal revenue for the third collection district
of California, have directed me to report it
without amendment, and as this is merely to
facilitate a settlement at the Treasury, I ask
that it be taken up for consideration.
Mr. GRIMES. I object.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. It will not take a
minute.
Mr. GRIMES. I have got a bill that will
not take a minute.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the joint resolution cannot be con-
sidered on the day it is reported.
william h. webb.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that prior orders be j
suspended, and that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 588) for the
relief of William H. Webb. It will take but a
moment, I think.
Mr. CONNESS. I suggest to the Senator to
allow the unfinished business to lie over in-
formally and proceed with the consideration
of this bill. 1 am not willing that that shall be
displaced.
Mr. GRIMES. Very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was going to suggest
that we go into executive session and clear that
docket now.
Mr. CONNESS. I leave that between the
Senators.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will take but a few
moments to clear the galleries, and in a few
moments we can get rid of our executive cal-
endar.
Mr. WADE. There are a great many con-
firmations contested.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We would not take up
the contested cases, but dispose of the others.
Mr. SUMNER. I will remind my friend
that in the absence of so many Senators we
can hardly tell what is contested.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They will be in by the
time the doors are closed.
Mr. CONNESS. I would not ask for an
executive session now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I only suggested it. I
thought it would be a saving of time, and I
believe it would be.
Mr. CONNESS. I understand the Senator
from Iowa consents that the tariff bill shall be
laid over informally for the purpose of pro-
ceeding to the consideration of the bill he has
named.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
business in order is the reception of petitions
and reports.
Mr. GRIMES. I must insiston my motion.
I prefer to have a vote taken upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understood that upon the suggestion of the
Senator from California the motion was with-
drawn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I make my motion that
the Senate proceed, to the consideration of
executive business. I am sure it will be a
saving of time.
Mr. CONNESS. You cannot carry any
motion that is contested now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Are you going to con-
test it?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, if you are going
to contest it 
Mr. CONNESS. There is too light a Sen-
ate here now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You will not find it too
light a oenate for this business. I think we
had better proceed to the consideration of
executive business, and I insist on the motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the motion of the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that will not be
pressed to a division. I am willing to consent
that that bill shall be gone on with the present
time provided the unfinished business is laid
over informally. I think there will be no
objection to that.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the unfinished busi-
ness will hot come up before one o' clock. We
have all the intermediate time for the consid-
eration of other measures.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senate will give
me some early hour to-day to dispose of the
post route bill.
Mr. CONNESS. Not now.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am simply calling atten-
tion to the importance of disposing of it to-day.
There are a great many amendments to be
offered to it, which must go back to the House.
It is a House bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for the decision of
the Chair upon the question suggested as to
whether the unfinished business will be dis-
placed by this motion if carried.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no unfinished business now before the Senate.
The unfinished business, by the rule of the
Senate, comes up at the expiration of the
morning hour. The first business in order is
petitions, next reports, next bills, next resolu-
tions.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I have no further
objection to make to the motion.
The motion of Mr. Grimes was agreed to;
and the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 588) for
the relief of William H. Webb.
The Committee on Naval Affairs reported
the bill with amendments. The first amend-
ment was in line six, after the word "iron"
to insert the word " clad."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line nine to
strike out the words "ninety days," and to
insert the words " one year."
The amendment was agreed to.
Tf!e next amendment was in line ten, to
insert the word " or " before the word " ad-
vanced," and after the word "advanced" to
strike out the words "or expended."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eleven,
after the word "order" to strike out the
words "for and on account of vessel," and to
insert "to said Webb on account of said con-
tract."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to hear the
bill reported as it now stands amended.
The Secretary read the bill, as amended, as
follows:
Be it enacted, dv.. That the Secretary of the Navy,
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
release to William II. Webb, of New York, all right,
title, interest, and demand of the United States in
and to the iron-clad steamship Dunderberg, built by
said Webb under a contract with the Navy Depart-
ment, ugon payment by said Webb into the Treasury
of theLnited States, within one year from the pas-
sage of this act, of any and all sums of money paid
or advanced by the Secretary, or by his order, to said
Webb on account ofsaid contract.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to inquire
of the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs whether we have not already
made full provision for any extra allowance
