512
.TM'E ^ONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will ask
how much'pet volume the reporter gets for the
CKSfiyright independent of his Salary? It is
something very considerable; and if we should
pass the amendment of the* gentleman from
jBeitiisylvania, [Mr. Stevens,'] it would make
his salary some $8,000 or $10,000 a year -I
reckon. - '.r .
o./fhe question Vas tlpon the amendment of
Mr. Stevens-? and'being taken, it was not
agreed to. - ■
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read as follows:
' - Ftfr continuing the collection of reliable-statistical
information concerning the gold and silver mines of
the western States and Territories, which shall in-
clude th.e labor and capital employed, the product
&ft'd the modes of working the s'ame, which informa-
tion shall be reported to Congress, $10,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
'■seduce the amount to be appropriated- by this
clause from S 10,000 to $5,000. I was in hopes
that this provision never would appear in
another appropriation bill. We have made
enough appropriations of this character, with-
out continuing them year after year in the ap-
propriation bills. It looks to me very much like
jobs-to enable parties to get certain amounts
for specimens of minerals. I think that pri-
vate enterprise can give us all the specimens
that are necessary without bleeding the public
Treasury for that purpose.
- I did move to reduce this amount from
$10,000 to $5,000. I will withdraw that mo-
tion, and move instead of that to strike out the
entire clause.
Mr. HIGBY. I hope that motion will not
prevail. This amount was given last-year, I
believe, to the gentleman appointed to make
this investigation. Mr. J. Ross Browne, the
gentleman appointed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, has already sent a report to Con-
gress, and has communicated with the delega-
tion from the mining States on that subject.
He recommends an appropriation even larger
than this, but he does not ask that he be con-
tinued in the position. He says in his letter
that he knows there are many men who can
perform this service better than he can, and
he is ready to turn it over to anybody else
whom the Department may see proper to ap-
point in his place. But he says that he thinks
it is for the interest of the country that this
investigation should be continued ; and for that
purpose he recommends an appropriation larger
than the one in this bill, even as high as
$25,000. He has sent in a report, which is now
in the hands of the Public Printer, making some
five hundred pages; and he writes me, in a
letter upon the subject, as I have no doubt he
has written to otljer members; that he has but
just entered upon this investigation, and recom-
mends that it be continued. I therefore hope
that this appropriation will not be stricken
from the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The question seems
to be whether we shall ingraft upon the Gov-
ernment a department of mineralogy.
Mr. HIGBY. 1 think it would be well to
do so.
Mr. FARNSWORTH.- We were told last
session, when disappropriation was made, that
it was to enable the Government to accomplish
a certain purpose, and that the amount then
appropriated would be sufficient. And yet
more is asked for now for the same purpose.
This time $25,000 was asked for; but the com-
mittee have cut it down to $10,000. Next year
they- will ask for $50,000, which may be cut
down to $"25,000. I hope this appropriation
will not be made.
Mr. HILL. I am not sure but we would
lose very much if we were not to make the
appropriation asked for in the clause now under
consideration. I do not know what we should
have done for those interesting articles in
Harper's Magazine upon " Washoe mines and
mining," and articles of like character, if Mr.
Browne had not hud this money to travel upon,
for that reason it might not be expedient to
SWrtke out this appropriation; I can see no other
reason for making the appropriation. -
Mr. STEVENS. I movetoamend the clause
proposed to be stricken out by reducing the
appropriation from $10,000 to $5,000.
Mr. McRUER. I hope that motion will not
prevail. As I understand it, an appropriation
has only been made for last year. Mr. Browne
was sent out by the Secretary of the Treasury
to perform this investigation. He'has com-
menced his labors and has already sent in to
Congress a very elaborate report in regard to
the mineral resources of California. He pro-
poses to continue that investigation, and calls
to his aid there all the intelligence upon the
subject in the mineral regions. If there is any
one subject upon which Congress may well be
enlightened it is upon the resources of this vast
mineral region, its wants, its necessities, and
its capacities; and I do not believe that $10,000
or even $20,000 can be more properly or more
usefully applied than in supplying not only to
Congress but to tlje country a good degree of
intelligence in regard to that vast territory now
filling up so rapidly. Therefore I hope the
amendment will not prevail.
This sum of $10,000 is a very small sum upon
which to continue this investigation, for Mr.
Browne has to employ a corps of laborers upon
this work. As to his having traveled around
California upon this money while preparing
articles for publication, it is no such thing. His
articles for Harper's Magazine, which no doubt
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hill] has
read with much interest, and from which he
has doubtless derived a great amount of in-
formation, were written long before any such
appropriation as this was made ; and in my
opinion there is no man more honest or more
competent to continue this investigation, or
with more intelligence upon the subject, than
the gentleman who has been designated for the
purpose fey the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I trust
that the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Steveks] will not be agreed
to, but that we will strike out this entire clause.
We appropriated last year $10,000 for this pur-
pose. ' Opposition to it was made in the House
at the time, and nobody anticipated that we
should be asked for more. But $25,000 more
was asked for, which amount has been cut
down to $10,000 by the Committee on Appro-
priations, for obtaining information which can
be got elsewhere without one dollar of expendi-
ture, and for which one dollar ought not to be
expended by us.
Everything in relation to these mines and
the collection of this statistical information can
be had without this appropriation. The gentle-
men from California who come from a mining
country have urged this appropriation. Sir,
I, too, come from a mining country. I, in con-
junction with my friend from Wisconsin, repre-
sent the richest lead mines that there are in
the world; yet we do not come here and ask
an appropriation to have spread before the
country at the public expense statistical infor-
mation in regard to those mines.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. I desire to move
an amendment to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is now in order.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Steveks, it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of
Mr. Washburxe, of Illinois, to strike out the
clause.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk, resuming the reading- of the bill,
read the following:
For compensation to the laborer in charge of the
water-closets in the Capitol, §538.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by strik-
ing out "five" in the clause just read 'and
inserting in lieu thereof "four;" so that the
clause will read:
For compensation to the laborer in charge of the
water-closets in the Capitol, $4.>S.
The amendment was agreed to.
- The Clerk read as follows:
For eo m p ensation to the publie'gardener, $1,400.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in the clause just read the words '' four
hundred" and inserting in lieu thereof "forty."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For compensation of five watchmen in reservation
No: 2, §4,500.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend by striking
out the clause just read. I understand this
reservation is a garden, and I do not see any
use in spending $4,500 upon it in addition to
paying for doing the work.
Mr. STEVENS. The law authorizes the
employment of these men, and they are em-
ployed. The only question is whether we shall
pay them according to the contract.
Mr. PRICE. The law does not cpmpel
their employment.
Mr. HILL. I would inquire of the ge.ntle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs] what
information he has in regard to the fact of
their being employed. Are they in fact em-
ployed, and is their employment necessary at
all?
Mr. STEVENS. They were employed last
year, and they are now.
Mr. PRICE. This is to pay for services to
come.
Mr. HILL. Has the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania any information whether it is necessary
to continue their employment ?
Mr. STEVENS. In regard to that I hava
no information. At the time the law was passed
that matter was examined, and the employment
of these men was thought necessary.
Mr. HILL. I hope the motion to strike out
will be agreed to.
Mr. BERGEN. I move, as an amendment
to the amendment, to strike out " five" and
insert "three;" and to strike out "$4,500"
and insert ''$2,700;" so that the clause will
read as-follows:
For compensation of three watchmen in reserva-
tion So. 2, $2,700.
Mr. Chairman, I think that two or three
watchmen, probably three, are necessary to
take charge of this reservation, especially dur-
ing the night-time. On this reservation ex-
periments are made in the cultivation of vari-
ous plants; and the laborers employed -there
during the day cannot watch the grounds dur-
ing the night. It is well known that in that
vicinity extensive depredations are cofnmitted
upon gardens and cultivated land. I consider,
however, that five watchmen are more than are
necessary.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment of Mr. Price was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows*
Metropolitan Police:
For salaries and other necessary expenses of the
Metropolitan police for the District of Columbia,
$203,850. And thecompensation of said Metropolitan
police force, officers, and clerks, be, and the same is
hereby, increased fifty per cent, upon the amount
hereby appropriated, commencing on the 1st day of
July, 1866, said increase to be borne by the cities of
Washington and Georgetown, and the county of
Washington, in the District of Columbia, in the pro-
portion equal to the number of patrolmen allotted
severally to the city of Washington, to the city of
Georgetown, and the county of Washington and
Georgetown, and the levy court of said county be,
and they are hereby, authorized and empowered to
le\ y a special tax not exueeding ono quarter of one
per cent, for the purpose aforesaid.
Mr. RADFORD. I want to know what the
originally pay was? I move to reduce it to
twenty-five per cent.
Mr. STE YENS. Fifty per cent, was author-
ized before, and we thought it was right.
Mr. RADFORD. I do not think we ought
to make it fifty per cent, without knowing what
they get now.
Mr. MORRILL. Why does this section go
back to 1865 if a like appropriation was made
before? This increase of fifty per cent, goes
back a year further than the ono increasing
the salary twenty per cent.
Mr. STEVEN'S. We increased the salary
of these men a year ago, and provided that
these corporations should pay one part a«d
