1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mr
As the amendment of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Darling] is not immediately
before the Committee of the Whole for action,
but merely pending until other amendments
shall have been disposed of, I suggest that for
the purpose of taking the sense of the commit-
tee the question be taken upon the question of
a specific rather than a valuation tax. And to
meet some of the views expressed here, I will
move to amend the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers] by strik-
ing out "five dollars" and inserting "ten dol-
lars. ''
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Kabson to the amendment of Mr. Myers.
Mr. DAWES. It is very evident that there
is something wrong in the nature of our legis-
lation in reference to this article of cigars,
from the fact that every returning session of
Congress we find it necessary to change or
abandon the plan we adopted at the previous
session. Now, I apprehend it is true that no
theory of political economy laid down in the
books will apply to this article of cigars, for
the reason that those who cheat in reference to
it do not cheat according to rule, [laughter,]
and we must therefore apply our experience
to the matter of legislating upon that subject,
and be guided by that alone.
Now, it has so resulted that the mode here-
tofore adopted has proved the ruin of the
manufacturers of cigars both in the West and
in the East. Although there was apparently
a struggle hero in the House at the last session
between the West and the East, and a sort of
compromise was made between them, I think
i-t is the testimony of the West as well as of
t&e East that for some reason or other the
legislation then adopter! has extinguished al-
Bjost entirely this particular branch of industry
in both, sections.
. Now; Mr. Chairman, just so far as we resort
to the ad valorem, principle we invite frauds
upon the revenue ; and just so far as we adopt
the system of specific taxation we check fraud.
The amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania is entirely specific in its
character; and so, it is true, is the amendment
to it proposing to raise this tax to ten dollars.
But it must be apparent to everybody that a
specific tax of ten dollars will ruin this branch
of industry in some parts of the country, and
■will be more than it can stand in those parts
of the country where it can best stand it—I
mean the localities where the high-priced
cigars are manufactured. Now, while we
should endeavor to rely, if possible, entirely
upon the specific taxation, we must fix'it at
such a point that this branch of industry can
live in the various sections of the country man-
ufacturing cigars of different values. It will
not do to put the tax at just as high a figure as
can be borne by the highest-priced cigars man-
ufactured, because by this operation you ex-
tinguish the whole industry where the cheap
cigars are made. On the other hand, it will
not do to fix the tax so low as to deprive the
Government of revenue merely for the benefit
of the manufacturers of cheap cigars. We
must find a medium.
My objection to the provision of the bill as
it stands is that the system of classified duties
is but another mode of ad valorem taxation.
Under the provision of the bill I apprehend
that all cigars manufactured will be appraised
at the lowest rates. The highest rate will be
but a shield under which the frauds will be
committed. I have not time, Mr. Chairman, to
discuss the feasibility of the system of stamps;
but I apprehend that iUs utterly impracticable.
If the boxes are required to be stamped the
same boxes will be filled and refilled without
restamping; and if we require a stamp to be
attached to the cigar the system will be found
equally impracticable or inefficient.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, I beg leave to call attention to the fact
that the proposition now presented has been
tri ed before. It proposes that we shall go back
rather than go forward. I admit that everything
we have tried heretofore has proved a failure.
We now propose to make only two distinc-
tions. We propose, in the first place, that
cigars of the lower quality, made generally of
tobacco grown at the West—and auy one who
knows anything about smoking can readily dis-
tinguish these from the better article—we pro-
pose that this lower quality, not exceeding in
va,lue eight dollars per thousand, including the
tax, shall pay a tax of two dollars per thousand.
Mr. KASSON. Are there in point of fact
any cigars worth no more than six dollars per
thousand?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Oh, yes,
large quantities of them are manufactured.
Mr. KASSON. Where are they sold?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. They are
sold everywhere. They can be found about
this city.
Mr. KASSON. I never found any.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Oh, no ;
the gentleman never smokes cigars of this
quality, but many others do.
Mr. Chairman, on behalf of the Committee
of Ways and Means, I move to amend by^ strik-
ing out all after the word "thousand," in line
ninety-five, down to and including the word
"thousand" in line ninety-seven, and inserting
in lieu thereof the following:
On cigarettes, cigars, and cheroots of all descrip-
tions made of tobacco or any substitute therefor, ex-
ceeding eight dollars per thousand in market value,
including tho tax, a tax of eight dollars per thou-
sand.
I ask that this amendment may be adopted,
leaving the section open to such amendments
as may afterward be offered.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Tho amendment just of-
fered, as I understand it, simply puts in another
shape what is already in the bill. The struggle,
I presume, must be between the bill as it now
stands or as just proposed to he modified, di-
viding cigars into two classes, and so far at
least adhering to the policy adopted by Con-
gress at the last session; and on the other
hand, a return to the dead-level tax.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hooper] has very properly admonished his
colleague [Mr. Dawes] that, instead of pro-
ceeding to try a new experiment, he is upon
the retrograde track, and is going back to what
has been experimented upon and which I un-
dertake to say utterly failed. I will in a word
give the gentleman my view of the reason why
it failed.
Allusion has been made to the difference
between the quality of the tobacco raised in
the West and Northwest and in Pennsylvania,
and the tobacco raised farther East, saying
nothing at present of any imported tobacco,
the protection against which can only be by a
tariff. There is that difference ; and as I rep-
resent more tobacco than any man on this
floor, certainly more than any man in my
State, I profess to know something about it.
Now, sir, we tried this dead-level tax, and
what was the effect? While we had a dis-
criminating tax, while we had cigars classi-
fied, we were making nine million cigars per
annum in the county in which I live. Within
twelve months after that experiment was tried
there was not a cigar made there. Throughout
my county, throughout my district, the tobacco
interest was perfectly prostrate before that sys-
tem. That was the reason we came here and
demanded a change of systein. Yet the gen-
tleman asks us who tried this system to go
right back to it. It was because it was a uni-
form tax. I do not care whether it is five,
ten, or fifty dollars, a dead-level tax is what i
object to, making a high-price cigar pa.y as
much and no more than a low-price cigar.
It is an unjust discrimination against the man-
ufacture of the low-price cigar.
What is a dead-level tax? By it you may
prevent frauds. I admit it. As you make
the classification you must make the law more
stringent. You have more care and trouble
in the execution of it. I admit that it is an
incident to it. If on the other hand you have
a dead-level tax and make no classification,
you crush out altogether the manufacture of
low-price cigars, and consequently destroy,)*
great industrial interest throughout the whole
extent of the country. So gentlemen roust
understand our opposition is not on the ground
that it is five, ten, or fifty dollars, but it is
against the policy of the same uniform tax on
cigars of all grades.
[Here the nammer fell.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I mort as an amend-
ment to the amendment the following, to come
in at the close of the amendment:
And the inspectors of cigars are hereby required to
brand on tho box tho taxable value of the cigars.
I insist, Mr. Chairman, if we incorporate a
provision of this kind into the law it will pro-
tect the public against fraud as well as the
internal revenue, that the taxable value of the
cigar as estimated, upon which the manufac-
turer must pay tax, must be branded on tho
box. If a graduated scalc of prices is adopted
you obviate the objection of the gentleman
from Ohio and all others who are in favor of
the graduated scale, and at the same time you
protect the interest of the manufacturer of the
poorer quality of cigars.
And, sir, you do no injustice to any other
manufacturer. Why? You make the man-
ufacturer pay tax in proportion to the value
of the article manufactured. If the manufac-
tured article bo worth fifty dollars a thousand
he pays tax accordingly, but if the manufac-
tured article be worth only five dollars the tax
is less in proportion. At tho same time, it
seems to me, you prevent the fraud that is
committed under tho present law.
Mr. ALLISON. What will bo the effect of
branding one box two dollars a thousand and
another box eight dollars a thousand, and
then putting in the eight-dollar box a cigar
worth only two dollars a thousand?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will answer, although
I have not given this subject the attention I
would if I had time to consider it. A box of
cigars when inspected and branded requires a
Government stamp, which extends clear around
the box. When that box has been opened it
ceases to be of value until refilled and rebranded
with the date when the brand was made and a
new stamp upon it. If he uses the old box to
put higher-price cigars in it it will be branded
anew with the value of the cigars it then con-
tains.
I presume, however, Mr. Chairman, this sec-
tion will bo reserved for future consideration,
not only by the Committee of the Whole, but
by the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. KASSON. I withdraw my amendment
for the present.
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
oppose the amendment, and to again advocate
the amendment which I proposed in the first
instance. Members of the committee refresh
the memory of members of the House that we
have had already a specific duty of the kind
proposed. So we have ; and the distinguished
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. SciiE-vcK] says that
he represents perhaps as many tobacco-manu-
facturers as any gentleman in this House.
Mr. SCIiENCK. I said tobacco-growers.
Mr. MYERS. Very well; tobacco-growers.
But there is higher authority yet than his for
the system which we ought to adopt._ I have
before me the report of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, showing what our experience
has been upon this subject, and I will read
from it a brief paragraph:
"The tax of ten dollars per thousand on all do-
mestic cigars imposed by the net of Maich3,18G5, was
more uniformly paid than the tax under any pre-
vious law. Kewercijrars escaped taxation, and tkero
was no opportunity for fraud when their fall num-
ber was returned to the assessor. The different quali-
ties of tobacco and the varying costs of manufacture
in different parts of the country induccd a change at
the last session of Congress in the mode of taxation,
with which I believe noither the manufacturers nor
the revenue officers are fully satisfied.'
"What, then, is the difficulty? It is not in the
system of specific taxation, because on all
hands it is admitted that is the best system.
The difficulty is this: that in 1805 we imposed,
as the gentleman from Jlassacliusetts has well
