1867.
M CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Government should pay the remainder, but
we did not make an appropriation,
Mr. FARQUHAR. I more to reduce the
amount to twenty per cent.
Mr. RADFORD. I accept that.
Mr. HILL. In regard to going back to
1865, I insist that was proper. Our effort was
to relieve men serving at an inadequate salary
on account of the price of living and the
depreciation Of the currency. I do not think
■we go back far enough even when we go back
to 1865.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. BERGEN. I move to insert "1866"
instead of "1865," and I do it upon this
ground: a few days ago we took occasion to
increase the pay of the clerks in the several
Departments, commencing with 1866, and I
do not see why we should depart from the rule
we then adopted. If it was right then to com-
mence in 1866, it is right now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I find the following
to be the estimate of the Department:
And the compensation of said increased force is
hereby increased fifty per cent, upon the amount
hereby appropriated, commencing on the 1st day of
November, 1866; said increase to be borne by the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, and the county
of Washington, in the proportion equal to the number
of privates allotted severally to the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown and the county beyond the
limits of said cities; and the corporate authorities of
said cities of Washington and Georgetown, and the
levy court of said county, be, and -they are hereby,
authorized and required to levy a special tax not ex-
ceeding one quarter of one per cent, for the purpose
aforesaid.
My impression is fifty per cent, is none too
much. Their salary was very low before this
increase. I do not remember precisely the
amount. I remember the committee examined
this question, and that we came to the conclu-
sion this was no more than an adequate in-
crease. It seems to me, however, this should
be amended so as to commence on the 1st of
November, 1866, and to give fifty per cent. I
move to substitute the clause I have read for
the one now before the Honse.
Mr. BERGEN. I accept that as a modifica-
tion of my own amendment.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I understand
that amendment as accepted, and I now move
to add the following proviso:
Provided, That no person shall hereafter be em-
ployed as police or watchman who has not served
one year in the Army of the United States and re-
eeived-an honorable discharge.
Mr. HALE. I wish simply to suggest to the
mover of this proviso to modify it so he will say
'' no person hereafter shall be appointed,'' &c.,
for there may be, and probably are, though I
know not the facts of the case, very valuable
officers who cannot be spared who will have to
be removed if the proviso passes as it now is.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. What, watch-
men?
Mr. HALE. The office of policeman or
watchman does require skill and experience if
anything docs in the world.
I have only to say I am disposed to do every-
thing that ought to be done to reward our
soldiers, but I do not think by such an amend-
ment we ought to remove such men from the
perf(jrmance of their functions against whom no
allegation is made. I know nothing of these
men ; but the effect of the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois is simply to remove
the entire police force of the District of Co-
lumbia. I think the proposition is too sweep-
ing and ought not to be adopted.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. The proposed
amendment provides that no person shall here-
after be employed, andlam willing to accept the
modification of "appointed" for "employed,"
who has not been wounded or served at least
one year in the Army.
Mr. RADFORD. I move to amend the
amendment by striking^ oat "one year." If
lie has been in the service at all that qualifies
him as well as if he had been there ten years.
If he has been in the service one year and has
been honorably discharged he should have the
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 33.
same right as a soldier who has been in the
service four years.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I accept the
amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Harding, of Illinois,
as modified, was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. I move a verbal amend-
ment in the last paragraph of the bill by striking
out the words "and Georgetown." It now
reads "county of Washington and George-
town," which is incorrect.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mri STEVENS. I move to add the follow-
ing as a new section :
And be it further enacted, That the proviso con-
tained in the third section of chapter two hundred
and ten of the act of July 2,1864, shall he construed
to embrace all suits to which the United States shall
be a party, either plaintiff or defendant.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I would
like some explanation of this.
Mr. STEVENS. A provision was inserted
in the appropriation bill in 1864 upon this sub-
ject which I supposed then and still snppose
was large enough to embrace the Court of
Claims; but the Court of Claims decides that
it does not apply to them; and they have
directed an amendment of this kind with a
view of enabling them to conform to that pro-
vision of the law.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. This is
a judicial question. 1 think it altogether out
of place in an appropriation bill, and shall
insist that it be considered by a quorum of the
House, and I believe there is no quorum now.
Mr. .tENCKES. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] has overlooked a stat-
ute subsequent to the passage, of the appropri-
ation bill of 1864, which essentially modifies
the provision to which he has alluded. I think
with his colleague [Mr. Randall] that this
matter had better be reserved and introduced
as a separate bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to
that course, and I therefore withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask leave
to move au additional amendment in regard to
losses of vessels propelled in whole or in part
by steam, by adding the words "and for the
prosecution for violations of said act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
to amend by adding the following section;
And be it further enacted, That to enable the Clerk
of the House of Representatives to pay the increased
compensation voted by the House during the Thirty-
Ninth Congress.to its employes, clerks and others,
and to pay the increasedrate ot compensation thereby
authorized, a sum sufficient therefor is hereby appro-
priated out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Mr. STEVENS. It will not do to pass that
here now. I move that the committee rise.
Mr. RANDALL, ofPennsylvania. I would
like to have the question taken on my amend-
ment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Can the committee
rise and report the bill as long as there is an
amendment pending?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. There
can be no objection to the amendment. We
have agreed to pay this money, and we may
as well appropriate it.
Mr. STEVENS. I am willing it shall come
up in the morning.
Mr. RANDALL, ofPennsylvania. Wre may
as well have the vote now.
The question was put; and the chairman
announced that the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I call for a division.
The question was again put; and no quorum
voted.
Mr. STEVENS. I think the committee had
better rise.
Mr. RANDALL, ofPennsylvania. Well.I
have no objection, if it is understood that the
amendment is agreed to.
Mr, STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So tho committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Lawrence, of
Pennsylvania, reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, having
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly House bill No. 896,
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1867, had
directed him to report the same back to the
House with sundry amendments. x
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question
of order. When the committee rose I under-
stood there was an amendment pending.
The SPEAKER. The chairman reported it
to the House with sundry amendments.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is not strictly
correct as an amendment was pending and not
acted upon.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by
the Clerk that the amendment was declared
adopted by the - chairman of the committee
and was reported by him with the other amend-
ments to the House.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles:
An act (S. No. 456) for the admission of the
State of Nebraska into the Union;
An act (S. No. 462) to admit the State of
Colorado into the Union ; and
An act (S. No. 177) to incorporate the Na-
tional Safe Deposit Company of Washington,
in the District of Columbia.
leave of absence.
Mr. VAN HORN," of New York, asked and
obtained leave of absence for Mr. Clarke, of
Kansas, for two weeks.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at five o'clock and ten minutes,
p. m.*) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, (fee., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
B/the SPEAKER: The petition of T. Foster, and
others, citizens of Newton county. Indiana, praying
that there may be no curtailment or withdrawal of
the national currency.
Also, the petition of A.S. McCullough, Wm.Ross.C.
L. Urmston, S. Bramble, N.West, ana others, citizens
of Newton county, Indiana, praying that there may
be no curtailment or withdrawal of the national cur-
rency.
By Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio : 'EH; e petition of Charles
A. King, and others, citizens of Toledo, Ohio, against
a reduction of the national currency, &e., and against
compelling national banks to redeem their notes in
New York city.
Also, a petition from M. Shoemaker, Esq., and
others, citizens of Toledo, on the same subject.
Also, apetitiou from Samuel Blanchard, and others,
citizens of Toledo, on the same subject.
Also, apetition from H. Rudd, Esq., and others, eit-
izens of Wood county, Ohio, praying for the im-
peachment of Andrew Johnson,President of the Uni-
ted States.
Also, the petition from Hon. W. T. M. Amy, acting
Governor and secretary of the Territory of New Mex-
ico, praying for relief, &c.
Abo, the petition of B. E. Lehman, and others,
citizens of Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, praying the
House of Representatives to present articles of im-
peachment against Andrew Johnson, President of
the United States, for certain high crimes and mis-
demeanors therein named.
Abo, the petition of John F. Compton, and a large
number of citizens of Dalton, in the State of Georgia,
praying for the impeachment of Andrew Johnson,
President of the United States.
By Mr. BENJAMIN; The petition of eitizens of
Schuyler county, Missouri, against any further re-
duction of the currency.
By Mr. BOYER: The petition of eitizens of Cata-
sauqua, in the county of Lehigh, Pennsylvania, in
opposition to the passage of an act authorizing tho
curtailment of the national currency, or having in
view the return within, a limited time to specie pay-
ments; also, in opposition to the passage of a law
compelling all national banks to redeem their circu-
lating notos in Now York.
Also, the petition of cigar manufacturers, journey-
men cigar-makers, dealers in cigars, growers of and
dealers in seed-leaf tobacco, for achangeof the pres-
ent to a specific tax of not more than five dollars per
thousand on all domestic cigars, and that the stamp
be made a revenue stamp, sold by the collector only
to licensed manufacturers in his district, with proper
guards and checks tc prevent frauds and counterfeits.
By Mr. DltlGGS: The memorial of a committee
appointed by the citizens of Ontonagon, Lake Su-
perior, Michigan, setting forth the reasons for and
praying Congress to make an appropriation for tha
improvement of tho existing harbor at that place.
