§14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfl.
January 17,
Also, a petition of the Board of Marine Underwri-
ters, of Cleveland, Ohio, for the same object.
Also, a petition of the Board of TracU of Cleve-
land, Ohio, for the same.
Also, a petition of the Chamber of Commerce of
Milwaukee^ for the same.
•Also, a-petition of 500 citizens of Lake Superior,
Michigan, and Ohio, embracing miners, ship-owners
and merchants, for the same object.
Also, the petition of citizens of Milwaukee, praying
Congress for an appropriation for the improvement
of Marquette harbor, Ln-ke Superior.
Also, a memorial of Jij© Board of Trade of Cleve-
land, Ohio, forthesame object. „
Also, a memorialof the Board of Trade of Chicago,
for same.
Also, a petition from Ambrose Campbell, P. M.
Everett, and 50 others, citizens of Marquette, Lake
Superior, Michigan, praying Congress not to pass any
law to curtail the national currency.
By Mr. HAYES: The petition of the Cincinnati
Relief Union, that Congress will adopt measures to
secure greater promptness and dispatch in acting on
applications for pensions.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The petition
of William Claflin, and others, manufacturers of
leather, to remove or reduce the tax on leather.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of John Trader,
Washington, District of Columbia, praying to be
reimbursed for the use of his property by the Gov-
ernment.
Also, the petition of Charles C. O'Neill, for balance
due on wood on Account of Government violation of
contract. Contract dated December 24,1864.
Also, the petition of H. D. McKinney, for balance
duo on wood on account of Government violation of
contract. Contract dated December 24.1864.
Also, the petition of the officers of the Anti-Slavery
Society of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying Con-
§ress to prepare such an amendment to the United
tates Constitution, to be presented to the several
States for ratification, as will forever prevent any
distinction in the right of suffrage on account of race
or color.
By Mr. MOORHEAD : A petition from 100 citizens
of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, against any further
reduction of the currency, and against requiring
national banks to redeem their notes in New York.
By Mr. MORRILL: The petition of N. G. Pierce,
president of Westminster, Vertliont, Farmers' Club,
and 179 others, members ®f the club and citizens of
Westminster. Vermont, praying for a new tariff law.
By Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts: The petition of
Wesley P. Bean, of the nineteenth Massachusetts
volunteers, for a pension.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of citizens of
Warren county, Ohio, praying that a pension may
be granted to Henry Woodward, late of the second
Ohio volunteers.
By Mr. V.AN HORN, of New York: Tho petition
of 101 citizens of Genesee county, New York, asking
the passage of the bill for the tariff on wool now
ponding before Congress.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts: Thepeti-
tion of Thomas J. Dunbar & Co. and Jacob P. Eaton,
for compensation for the use of property on Long
island, Boston harbor,.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of W. H.
McLean, late United States Navy, for relief.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: Tho petition of William A.
Charlton, of Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for a pension. ... . ^ . , ,
Also, the petition of citizens of Westmoreland
county, Pennsylvania, protesting against the cur-
tailment of the national currency, the early com-
pulsory resumption of Specie payments, and the pas-
sage of any law to require ~the national banks to
redeem their notes in N ew York, or prohibiting them
from paying or receiving interest on balances.
Also, the petition of citizens of Armetrongcounty,
Pennsylvania, praying for the establishment of a
mail route from Dayton,in thecounty aforesaid, to
Kerr's Store, in the county of Clarion.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 17, 1867.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I perceive that tho read-
ing of the Journal does not seem to be near a
conclusion, and I therefore move that by unani-
mous consent it be dispensed with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can only
be dispensed with by the unanimous consent
of the Senate. No objection being made, the
further reading of the J ournal is dispensed with.
PETITION'S AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a petition, of
Jacob Shavor and Albert 0. Corse, praying
for compensation for the past use and purchase
of an invention for post-marking and cancella-
tion of postage stamps on letters, made by and
patented to Marcus P. Norton, of Troy, New
York; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. WADE. I hold in my hand a long
memorial drawn up by a committee appointed
by the working men, mechanics, and other
employ^ of the Washington navy-yard, in
which they set forth and show very good reasons
why their present compensation is not sufficient
to support them as they ought to live; that
they do not get even as much as the clerks
do who are not paid enough, and that their
compensation now is no larger than it used to
be when money was worth more than it is
now, &c. They have argued their case very
cogently in this memorial and induced me to
believe that their compensation is too low for
these times and ought to be enhanced. I move
that this memorial of their committee be
referred to the Committee on Finance, which
I believe has charge of this subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the memorial of
Philip Pond and fifty other citizens of Castle-
ton, Rutland county, Vermont, praying for the
passage of House bill No. 718, to provide
increased revenue from imports, and for other
purposes, now pending in the Senate; which
was ordered to lie upon the table.
Mr. HOWARD. I hold in my hand a com-
munication from the United States district at-
torney of the western district of Michigan on
the subject of trespasses on the public lands,
inclosing also a decision of the district court
of the United States recently made in that dis-
trict. As the subject ig one of a good deal of
importance, I beg to present these papers and
ask to have them referred to the Committee on
Public Lands;
They were so referred.
Mr. WILLEY presented a petition of the
mechanics and laborers employed upon the
United States Treasury extension, praying that
the provisions of the House joint resolution
granting increased compensation to the civil
employes of the Government may be so amended
as to embrace them; which was referred to the
Committee-on Finance.
Mr. WILLEY. I also present a memorial
of a large number of employes of the glassware
manufactories at Wheeling, in West Virginia,
praying for an increased duty on glassware pro-
duced by the low-priced labor of foreign coun-
tries, and also that the internal revenue tax be
taken off domestic glass. The matter referred
to in the former part of this petition I believe
has been reported upon, but that in the other
part has not. I move, therefore, that this
memorial be referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of clerks
in the postal service on railway post offices,
complaining that they are not included in the
joint resolution passed by the House of Rep-
resentatives increasing the compensation of
Government employes, and praying that the
joint resolution may be so amended as to in-
clude them ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I present the petition
of Henry Frink, of Lancaster county, Penn-
sylvania, an honorably discharged seaman,
setting forth that he enlisted as a private dur-
ing the late war in the Army ; that he was sub-
seqnently, by order, transferred to the Navy,
and at the close of his service honorably dis-
charged therefrom. He asks for the passage
of a law authorizing the payment to him and
oth-ers in a like situation of tho bounty pro-
vided by the act of 1866. I move its reference
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition of citi-
zens of Texas, who represent that they have
been devoted to the Union during the dark
and bloody period of the rebellion, but that
they now find the Government established
over them by the assumed authority of Andrew
Johnson as much in the hands of rebels as it
was during the rebellion, and they now most
earnestly appeal to Congress to set aside that
government and treat it as null and void. _ I
ask the reference of this petition to the joint
Committee on Reconstruction.
It was so referred.
Mr. MORRILL presented a petition of
Luther Chamberlain and other citizens of the
town of Atkinson, Piscataquis county, Maine,
praying for the passage of House bill No. 718,
to provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes; which was ordered to. lie
upon the table.
Mr. MORGAN presented three petitions of
citizens of New York, praying for the passage
of Housebill No. 718, to provide increased rev-
enue from imports, and for other purposes;
which were ordered to lie upon the table.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a petition of cit-
izens of Little Rock, Arkansas, representing
that in May, 1865, a large amount of property
in that city was sold for the alleged non-pay-
ment of the United States direct tax, and re-
monstrating against any legislation to remedy
the defects of any such sale; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary. *
Mr. SHERMAN. I present a petition of
citizens of Cincinnati, Ohio, members of the
Cincinnati Relief Union, representing that
much distress is occasioned by the delay in
acting upon applications for pensions and boun-
ties under the recent law; that many cases of
sad distress have been brought to their knowl-
edge where persons have suffered all that it was
possible to suffer by the delay in securing to the
widows and orphans of soldiers their pensions
and bounties. They pray that increased facil-
ities may be granted to the Pension Office to
enable them to dispose of the cases as they
arise, and for authority to extend temporary
relief in certain cases. I suppose this petition
should go the Committee on Pensions.
It was so referred.
Mr. SHERMAN. I also offer a petition
signed by a number of persons who are either
residents .or temporary invalids at the Hot
Springs in Arkansas. They represent that on
'account of the difficulty about the title to the
lands no improvements can be made to the
valuable springs in Arkansas. The title, they
think, rests in the United States, but various
parties are claiming it, and on account of the
dispute about the title tho springs are closed
and cannot be improved as they ought to be.
1 move its reference to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN also presented two peti-
tions of citizens of Ohio, praying for the pas-
sage ofHousebillNo. 718, to provide increased
revenue from imports, and for other purposes,
now pending in the Senate; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. WILSON presented five petitions of
officers of the Army, praying for an increase
of pay ; which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of journeymen
cigar-makers and manufacturers of cigars in
Massachusetts, praying for a specific tax of five
dollars per thousand on domestic cigars, and
that the present tariff on imported cigars may
remain unchanged; and that Congress will alter
the present system of stamping by selling stamps
to the manufacturers at five dollars per thou-
sand, and increase the penalty for violatingthe
internal revenue laws; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a petition of
journevmen cigar-makers and cigar manufac-
turers m Milwaukee, praying for a specific tax
of five dollars per thousand on domestic cigars,
and that the present tariff on imported cigars
may remain unchanged; and that Congress will
alter the present system of stamping by selling
stamps to the manufacturers at five dollars per
thousand, and increase the penalty for violat-
ing the internal revenue laws; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordei-ed, That C, B. Gardner havo leave to with-
draw from the tiles of the Senate his memorial pray-
ing for compensation for brick used by the* United
States Army (.hiring the siege of Nashville, Tennes-
see, during the month of December, 1861.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE IIOUsK.
A message from the House of Represonta-
