1954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. HARRIS. Is that all there is in the
bill?
Mr. WILSON. That is all. The brevet
part of it, which was in when it came from the
House, has been stricken out.
The report was concurred in.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom were referred the fol-
lowing joint resolutions, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration ; which was
agreed to:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 3) in relation
to the present condition of Mexico, and the
policy of the Government of the United States
in reference thereto; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 124) for the
protection of citizens of the United States in
the matter of the public loans of the republic
of Mexico.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom were re-
ferred the following bills and joint resolution,
asked to be discharged from their further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to:
A bill (H. R. No. 1225) for the relief of
Lieutenant John H. Osier, of Guernsey county,
Ohio;
A bill (H. R. No. 1228) for the relief of
Samuel Silver;
A bill (H. R. No. 1230) for the relief of the
widow of Andrew Cunningham ;
A bill (S. No. 108) to increase the number
of cadets in and raise the standard of admis-
sion to the Military Academy ;
A bill (S. No. 436) to reorganize the clerical
force of the War Department, and for other j
purposes; * j
A bill (S. No. 471) to authorize the sale of
land on certain sand islands to the Mobile Har-
bor and Railroad Company;
A bill (S. No. 487) donating a portion of the
Fort Leavenworth military reservation for the
exclusive use of a public road;
A bill (S. No. 488) to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge across the Missouri river
at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas ;
A bill (S. No. 447) to authorize the Secre-
tary of War to sell a portion of the Fort Lea-
venworth military reservations to the city of
Leavenworth, in the State of Kansas, for a pub-
lic park; ana
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 83) respecting
the publication of the Volunteer Army Reg-
■ ister.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom were referred
the following bills and joint resolution, asked
to be discharged from their further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to:
A bill (S. No. 27) to provide for the election
of the register of deeds for the county of
Washington, in the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 118) to regulate suffrage and
elections m the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 124) to incorporate the Wash-
ington Canal Company in the District of Co-
lumbia, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 245) to incorporate the Brew-
er's Association of the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 271) to authorize a special
tax for the purpose of improving the Washing-
ton city canal:
• ^ . °- 3-37) to incorporate the Na-
tional Gas-Light Company;
A bill (S. No. 417) to incorporate the Wash-
ington and Georgetown Ferry Company :
A. bill (S. No. 426) for the punishment of
adultery in the Dwtrict of Columbia, and for
other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 4C8) in relation to the appoint-
ment of marshal and also of register of wills
in the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 485) in relation to the appoint-
ment of a register of wills and a register of deeds
for the county of Washington, in the District of
Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 48C) in relation totheappoint-
ment of a marshal for the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 519) to incorporate the Metro-
politan Fire and Marine Insurance Company
of the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 533) to amend an act entitled
"An act to incorporate the Washington Tem-
perance Society of the city of Washington,"
approved July 27, 186G ;
A bill (S. No. 574) to incorporate the Metro-
politan Gas-Light Company of the District of
Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 585) to amend and simplify
the acts relating to the Metropolitan police of
the District of Columbia ;
A bill (S. No. 587) to incorporate the At-
lantic and Inland Wrecking Company in the
District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 559) in relation to. guardians
of minors in the District of Columbia, their
appointment, powers, and duties;
A bill (S. No. 561) to provide for the ap-
pointment of a marshal for the District of
Columbia, and to change the mode of appoint-
ing that officer;
A bill (S. No. 607) to arch the Tiber creek
north of Pennsylvania avenue; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 135) relating
to the supply of Potomac water to the Capitol.
Mr. CONNESS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads to
ask to be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the resolution of the Senate of the
10th of December last, instructing the com-
mittee to inquire into the expediency of author-
izing the Post Office Department to construct
and operate telegraph lines along the principal
mail routes, or as it may deem necessary to
contract with such lines as may be already
established if deemed more advisable, and
establish offices at such points as may be de-
termined upon ; and also from further consid-
eration of the resolution of the Senate of Jan-
uary 30, I860, instructing the committee to
inquire into the expediency of a postal tele-
graphic system. I am also instructed to state in
connection with this report that the commit-
tee regard the subject as a very important one,
one that requires time to consider, more than
the committee have been able to give to it,
and that it is their disposition to consider it at
another time. At present they ask to be dis-
charged from its further consideration.
The report was agreed to.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
postpone all prior orders and proceed to the
consideration of House bill No. 1182. [" Oh,
no."] It can be passed in fifteen minutes. It
is the post route bill, and it must go back to
the House, as there are a number of amend-
ments reported to it. All the States are rep-
resented in it very largely.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1182) to establish
certain post roads.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest that the amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads be considered as they
are reached in the reading of the bill, to save
time.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. That course
will be pursued if there is no objection.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment of the committee was
to strike out line eleven, under the head of
''California," as follows:
From Wilmington to Yuma, on Colorado river.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will simply remark that
where words are stricken out the route has been
heretofore established, and the reestablishment
would be superfluous.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as line
twelve, under the head of "California," the
following:
From Havilah, via Rio Bravo Ranche, to Baker-
field.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
twenty-two and twenty-three, under the head
of " Illinois," as follows:
From Rock Island, via Coaltown, Zuma, Canoe
Creek, to Sterling.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
forty-three, under the head of "Illinois," the
following:
i From Rock Island, via Coaltown, Zuma, and Car-
ver Creek, to Sterling.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
fifty-six, under the head of "Indiana," the
following:
From Shelbyville to Winterrowd.
The amendment was agreed to.
i The next amendment was to strike out lines
fifty-nine and sixty-four, under the head of
] " Iowa," as follows:
From AVavcrly to Northwood.
From Denison to Ida.
And to insert after line sixty-six the follow-
ing :
i! From Sioux Rapids, via Douglas and Lincoln, to
Spencer.
1 From Chariton, via Freedom, Bixler's Grovo, and
; Lancaster's Mills, to Corydon.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
seventy-seven, under the head of "Kansas,"
the following:
From Troy, via Doniphan and Atchison, to Leavcn-
j worth.
[ The amendment was agreed to.
1 _ The next amendment was in line eighty-
eight, under the head of "Michigan," to strike
i out the word "to" and insert "via," and after
"Leonidas" to insert "and Colon to Burr
Oak ;" so that the clause will read:
From Climax Prairie, via Leonidas and Colon, to
Burr Oak.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line ninety-
two, under the head of "Michigan," to insert
the following:
From Big ltapids, via Paris, to Manistee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
ninety-five and ninety-six, under the head of
"Minnesota," as follows :
_ From St. Paul, viaMinneapolis, Richfield, Bloom-
mgton, and Eden Prairie, to Shakopee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike outlines
one hundred and five, one hundred and six,
one hundred and seven, and one hundred and
eight, under the head of " Minnesota," as
follows:
From Manketo, viaMadclia and Jackson, to Sioux
City.
From Blue Earth City, via Rose Lake, Fairmount.
Jackson, and Sioux Falls City, to Yaneton City, in
Dakota.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and fourteen, after the word "from" to
strike out "Madelia, Ashippem, and so that
the clause will read:
From Jackson, Minnesota, and Spirit Lake, in
Iowa, to Sioux City, Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and sixteen after the word "from" to
strike out " Blue Earth City via; " so as to read:
From Fairmount, Fox Lake, Wooster, and Gra-
ham Lake, in Minnesota, to Yaneton, in Dakota Ter-
ritory.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
one hundred and twenty-one, the following:
From Rushford, via Brossburg,Highland, Lenora,
in Minnesota, ana Burr Oak, to I)ecorah. in Iowa,
^rom Shakopee to Excelsior.
Jrom Owatonna to Albert Lea.
From Mankato to Minnesota Lake.
*rom Paynesville, via James Tattle's. Burbank
City, Norway Lake, Limberey's Town, Glenwood, and
Bigfetone Lake, Minnesota, to Fort Wadsworth, l)a-
kota Territory.
From Richmond, via Lake George, Big Grove,
Grove Lake, White Bear Lake, Reno City, and Holm ea
City, to Chippewa.
From Geneva to Freeborn.
