1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1955
From Buffalo, via Frankfort, Hassan, Battineau
Prairie, to Minneapolis.
From Paynesville, via Burbank and Norway Lake,
to School Lake.
From Crow Wing to Fort Clark.
From St. Charles, via Quincy and Little Valley, to
Plainvicw.
From Paynesville to Alexandria.
Missouri:
From Sedalia, via Osceola, Virgil City, Lamar, Car-
thage, and Granby, to Neosho.
From Osage, via Last Creek and Walton's Mill, to
Potosi.
From Bremos, via Cold Water and Moser's Hill, to
Green.
From New London, viaMndisonville, toHellsville.
From Danville, via Big Spring, Dry Fork Mills,
Rhineland, Loutre Island, to Herman.
Nebraska:
From Plattsmouth, via Weeping Water, Stoor
Creek, Shirley Station, Lancaster, Saline City, and
Middlo Creek, to Blue River.
From Beatrice, via Snow City, to Big Sandy.
New Mexico:
From Fort Cummings, via Fort Bayard, to Penos
Altos.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line one
hundred and sixty-one, under the head of
"New York'' to insert:
From Monticello, via Bushville, Stovensvillo, Bris-
coe, Jcffersonville, Falls Mill, and Calieoon, to Cali-
coon Station.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
one hundred and sixty-three the following:
North Carolina:
■ From Hillsdale to Greensboro'.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after
line one hundred and sixty-nine the follow-
ing:
Oregon:
From Salem, via Howell Prairie, to Silverton.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line two
hundred and four, under the head of "Penn-
sylvania," to insert:
From Mohrsville to Bernville.
From Dundaff to Uniondale.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert afler line
two hundred and eleven the following:
Virginia:
From Trevilian's Depot to Green Springs.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and seventeen, under the head of " West
Virginia," to strike out " and Maple Lawn"
and to insert " Weisiger's and Brown's so
that the clause will read :
From New Port, via Salt Pond.VWeisiger's and
Brown's, to Salt Sulphur Springs.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
two hundred and twenty the following:
From Petroleum, via California Houso and Oil
Rock, to Rathbone.
From Perrysville, via Clear Fork, to Tag River
Post Office,
Wisconsin :
From Milwaukee, via New Koeler, to Painsville.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have a few other amend-
ments that, under the instructions of the com-
mittee, I propose to offer. The first is to in-
sert on page 7, after line one hundred and
forty-one, under the head of "Minnesota,"
the following :
From Swan river, via Martins, Long Prairie, and
Hoadley, to Long Prairie river.
From Suak Centre, via Scott, Long Prairie, and
Lamphear, to Bassett.
From West Union to LongPrairie.
From Minneapolis, via Richfield, Bloomington,
Bloomington Forry, and Eder Prairie, to Shakopee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. After line one hundred and
fifty-nine I move to insert the following:
Nevada:
From Dayton, via Hot Springs, to Pine Grove.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. After line one hundred and
sixty-three, under the head of "New York,"
I move to insert the following:
From Oswego City, via Oswego Centro, and North
Hannibal, to Hannibalville.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. After line two hundred and
six, under the head of "Pennsylvania," I
move to insert the following:
From Salona to Lamar Mills.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. After line two hundred and
twenty-six, under the head of '' Wisconsin,"
I move to insert the following:
From Rural, via Waupaca, Ogdensburg, Little
Wolf, North lloyalton, and North Port, to New
London.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have one more amend-
ment. It is to insert after line seventy-nine,
under the head of "Kansas," the following:
Kansas:
From Salina, Saline county, via , Ottawa
county, up the Saline river valley to the mouth of
Spillman's creek.
From Saline, via the Kansas Salt Company's Works,
Oakland, Minneapolis, thence up the Solomon river
valley, via Usher's creek, to the mouth of Oak creek.
From Emporia, Lyon counts', via Madison, Janes-
ville, and Noonday, to Eureka, Greenwood county.
From Humboldt, Allen county, via south branch
of Bull creek, thence down the east branch of Buffalo
creek to its mouth, in Wilson county, thence to Coy-
ville.
From Topeka, via Indianola, in Shawnee county,
and Mitchcll's Mills, to Holton, in Jackson county.
From Wamego, Pottawatomie county, by way of
Allen, Wabaunsee county, to Council Grove.
From Burlington, Coffey county, to Belmont, Wood-
son county.
From Iliawatha, Brown county, via Muscotah, to
Grasshopper Falls, Jefferson county.
From Osage Mission, Neosho county, via Sherman,
Salamanca, Petersville, Cherokee county, to Neosho,
Newton county, Missouri.
From Lawrence, "via Oskaloosa, to Grasshopper
Falls.
From Desoto, Johnson county, via Gardner, to
O.«awattomie.
From Topeka, by way of Holton and Sabetha, to
Nebraska City.
From Mound City, Linn county, Kansas, by way
of Trading Post, Linn county, to Pleasant Hill, Mis-
souri.
From Manhattan, Riley county, by way of Clay
county, to Lake Sibley, in Shirley county.
From Manhattan, by way of Westmoreland and
Savannah, Pottawatomie county, to Council Grove.
From Paola to Rockville, by way of Miami Village,
to New Lancaster, Miami county.
From Fort Scott, via Cato. to Monmouth; and a
tri-weekly mail from Prairie City, via Centropolis, to
Burlingame; also, tri-weekly from Council Grove to
intersect Santa ]?6 mail near Fort Larned.
From Topekato Holton, J acksoncounty, Kinnekuk,
Atchison county, and Troy, Doniphan county.
Missouri river railroad, from Wyandotte to Leaven-
worth.
From Mound City, Linn county, to Cherokee City,
Cherokee county, via Mannatou county, Monmouth,
Crawford county.
From Fort Scott to Baxter's Springs, via Pleasant
View and Petersville, Cherokee county.
From Council Grove, via Cottonwood Falls, Eldo-
rado, Fort Arbucklc, to Sherman, Texas.
From Topeka, Shawnee county, to Burlington, Cof-
fey county.
From Perryville, Jefferson county, to Oskaloosa,
Jefferson county.
A route from Carlyle, Allen county, to Geneva,
Allen county.
A route from Fort Scott, Kansas, via Mapleton,
Xenia, in Bourbon county, to Garnett, Anderson
county.
From Cottonwood Falls to Junction City.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to offer an
amendment to the bill, if there be no objection
to it. It is to add as additional sections the
following:
And be it further enacted, ThatwhenevertheNorth
Missouri Railroad Company, a corporation duly or-
ganized and incorporated under the laws of the State
of Missouri, shall crector cause to be erected a bridge
over the Missouri river at the town of St. Charles,
in the State of Missouri, to be used in connection
with or to form a part of a railroad belonging to said
company, known as the North Missouri railroad,
said bridge, when completed in accordance with the
laws of the State of Missouri, and under the limita-
tions and conditions hereinafter provided, is hereby
declared to be a lawful structure and a post road for
the conveyance of the mails of the United States.
And in case of any litigation arising from any ob-
struction or alleged obstruction to the free naviga-
tion of said river, the cause may be tried before the
district court of the United States of the State of
Missouri.
And be it further enacted, That the bridge built under
the provisions of this act may, at the option of the
company building the same, be built as a drawbridge,
with a pivot draw, or with unbroken or continuous
spans: Provided, That if said bridge shall be made
with unbroken and continuous spans it shall not be
of less elevation in any case than fifty feet above
extreme high-water mark, as understood at the point
of location, to the bottom chord of the bridge, nor
shall tiie spans of said bridge be less than two hun-
dred and fifty feet in length, and the piers of said
bridge shall be parallel with the current of said river,
and the main span shall be over the main channel
of the river, and not less than three hundred feet in
length: And provided alto. That if the bridge built
under this act shall bo constructed as a drawbridge
the same shall be constructed as a pivot drawbridge
with a draw over the main channel of the river at an
accessible and navigable point, and with spans of not
less than one hundred and sixty feet in length in the
clear on each side of the central or pivot pier of the
draw, and the next adjoining span to the draw shall
not be less than two hundred and fifty feet- and said
spans shall not be les3 than thirty feet above low-
water mark, and not less than ten feet above extreme
high-water mark, measuring to the bottom chord of
the bridge, and the piers of said bridge shall be
parallel with the current of the river: And provided
also. That said draw shall bo opened promptly, upon
reasonable signal, for the passage of boats whoso
construction shall not be such as to admit of their
passage under the permanent spans of said bridge,
except when trains are passing over the same; but
in no case shall unnecessary delay occur in opening
the said draw during or af ter the passage of trains.
And be it further enacted. That no higher charge
shall bo made for the transmission over the bridge to
be built under this act, and according to its limita-
tions, of the mails, the troops, and the munitions of
war of the United States than the rate per mile paid
for their transportation over the railroad or public
highways leading to the bridge.
And be it further enacted. That the right to alter or
amend this act, so as to prevent or remove all mate-
rial obstructions to the navigation of said river by
the construction of said bridge, is hereby expressly
reserved.
Mr. RAMSEY. I trust the Senator from
Missouri will withdraw his amendment. It is
unusual to encumber the annual post route bill
with any legislation other than itself. General
legislation is very seldom indulged in or any-
thing out of the line of post routes themselves.
It is a bill that the Post Office Department and
the post offices throughout the country have
occasion to refer to very frequently, and it is
printed and distributed among them; and if it
is encumbered with matter of this kind I think
it will be unusual and inconvenient. Other-
wise, I should have no objection to the amend-
ment.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have been for some
days trying to get the floor to call up this bill.
It is a bill to authorize the construction of a
bridge across the Missouri river at the town of
St. Charles. The road has been completed and
in operation for five or six years, and it is ex-
ceedingly important to the best interests of the
country in north and west Missouri that the
bridge should be constructed at an early day.
An act of the Legislature of the State has au-
thorized the company to build it, and they are
collecting the materials now for constructing
it. I thought it was appropriate to put it upon
this bill because of the fact that the only legal-
ization needed is to make it a post road. It is
clearly within the limits of the State of Mis-
souri and does not interfere with any other
State at all. However, it will be necessary to
get the authority of Congress to construct the
bridge, because it is a navigable stream. I hope
that the Senator will withdraw all objections to
this bill as an amendment, because, as I under-
stand it, it is unanimously reported by his own
committee, the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads; and I think it is quite germane to
the matter now under consideration. It is
strictly in accordance with the law of the last
session of Congress authorizing the construc-
tion of bridges across the Mississippi river. It
requires a span of one hundred and sixty feet,
which is some thirty-two feet more than the
bridge authorized the other day at Clinton, in
Illinois. I hope that no objection will be made
and that it will be adopted. It is quite germane,
I think.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is the House bill No. 793.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the unfinished
business will be allowed to lie over tempo-
rarily until we can get a vote on the post route
bill; and I appeal to my friend from Missouri
to withdraw his amendment. The Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, when they
gave a favorable report to the bill of the Sen-
ator, did not expect that he would move to
encumber this bill, which never excites op-
position, and which, as was correctly stated
by the chairman of the Committee on Post
