1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1279
upon which is paid a tariff of fifty cents per
pound, of which it takes twenty-four pounds
to make a thousand cigars.
Mr. CLARICE, of Ohio. I move as an
amendment to the amendment, the following:
Strike out tbo whole paragraph and insert in lieu
thereof the following:
On cigarettes, cigars, and chcroots of all descrip-
tions, madeof tobacco or any substitute therefor, tho
market value of which, excluding tho tax, is not over
five dollars pei; thousand, a tax of two dollars per
thousand; and when the value thereof, excluding
the tax,-shall excced five dollars per thousand, a tax
of five dollars per thousand, and an ad valorem tax
of ten per cent, upon the value thereof above five
dollars per thousand. '
The CHAIRMAN. As this amendment is
to strike out the whole paragraph and insert
a substitute, it will not be in order till the
pending amendments are disposed of.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. Well, for my pres-
ent purpose, I will, in order to explain my
views on this question, move a pro formd
amendment to the amendment, to strike out the
last word.
Mr. Chairman, I hold it is not a sound prin-
ciple' to adopt any law which we acknowledge
to be bad because it may be difficult to enforce
another law which we admit to be better.
In reference to this matter of taxation we
Ought to assess.the tax fairly and justly, and
then provide the mcst efficient means within
our power for enforcing the collection of this
tax. There is no fairness in imposing a tax
of five or ten dollars per thousand on cigars
worth only three or four dollars per thousand,
and then imposing on the higher-priced cigars,
worth thirty, forty, or fifty dollars per thou-
sand, a tax the same as or very little larger
than that levied upon the low-priced articlc.
By such a system you throw money into the
rich man's hands and take it out of the pockets
of the poor. Many families in the country
occupy themselves during the winter in the
manufacture of cigars from tobacco which they
raise themselves; and the cigars which they
make are worth perhaps less than five dollars.
To require that on these cigars the same tax
shall be paid as on city-manufactured cigars
worth ten or fifteen, cents a piece is outrageous.
The amendment which I propose to offer
will make our taxes operate with something
like equality. The low-priced cigars will pay
a comparatively low tax, while the more costly
cigars will pay a higher tax. This is the prin-
ciple by which our tariffs have always been
regulated. The eastern manufacturer is not
protected by as high a duty on coarse articles
as upon finer fabrics. The tariff is regulated
according to the price of the article; and the
same principle has been embodied heretofore
in our revenue laws.
The mere fact that it is difficult to enforce
a particular kind of legislation is a very insuf-
ficient argument for rejecting a good law and
adopting a bad one. I trust that my amend-
ment, when we shall have an opportunity to
vote upon it, will be adopted.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Clarke;] and I would inquire how we can
benefit the manufacturers of the low-priced
cigars by adopting a system under which the
manufacturers of the high-priced cigars may
be able fraudulently to bring their cigars into
the market at the lowest tax? All experience
has shown that under this ad valorem system
the manufacturer of high-priced cigars can
cause his cigars to be undervalued so as to get
them taxed at the lowest rate. Nothing can
be so fatal to the manufacturer of low-priced
cigars as such a system. As lias been already
remarked by other gentlemen, the honest man-
ufacturers of cigars, the men who intend to
conform to the law, ask to have a uniform sys-
tem under which everybody is obliged to pay
• one tax.
As has been shown by my colleague [Mr.
Washbcrx, of Massachusetts,] the high-priced
cigars made of foreign tobacco are compelled
to pay the tariff duty in addition to the tax;
hence there is no soundness in the argument
that these 'cigars will have an advantage under
a uniform specific tax. Under such a system
the manufacturer of the low-priced cigar or the
raiser of tobacco from which such cigars are
manufactured will have no reason to complain.
Cigars of that quality will find their market
among those who desire to use them, and the
manufacturers will prosper unless they are
crushed by the competition of those who evade
the tax. It is strange to me that men here
should expect to benefit their constituents by
adopting a system which all experience shows
is best calculated to serve the purposes of men
who seek to evade the law and pay no tax
whatever.
Now, it seems to me these men of all others,
as tho gentleman from the Cincinnati district
[Mr. Egglestos] has well said, should be in
favor of the specific uniform tax as the only
one that cannot be evaded.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. I wish to ask the
gentleman whether lie desires to have a spe-
cific tax upon cigars merely for the purpose of
a tax for revenue?
Mr. DAWES. I do not wish to make the
manufacturer of cheap cigars pay more than
he ought to, and to let the maker of high-
price cigars escape. I want the House to adopt
a method that will obtain from every one who
makes cigars revenue for the Government.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the committee rise for the purpose of
closing debate on the pending paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Dawes having taken tho chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Boctwell reported that the
Committee of the Whole on tho state of the
Union had, according to order, had tho Union
generally under consideration, and particu-
larly House bill No. 1101, to amend existing
laws relating to internal revenue, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
CLOSING DEBATE.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Pending
a motion to go into committee, I move that
all debate on the pending paragraph of tho
tax bill in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union bo closcd in five minutes
after its consideration shall be resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
tax bill.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachnsettsa. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union on the
special order.
Tho motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Boutwell in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the special order,
being House bill No. 1161, to amend existing
laws relating to internal revenue.
The CHAIRMAN stated that debate on the
pending paragraph, by order of the House, was
closed in five minutes.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I yield
the five minutes allowed for debate to tho gen-
tleman from Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, at the
proper time I intend to offer the following
amendment:
Strike out of the bill from the nincty-sccond to tho
ninety-seventh line, inclusive, and insert as follows :
In the third paragraph, relating to cheroots, cigar-
ettes, and cigars, insert between the words " twenty
per cent, ad valorem, on" and the words " the market
value thereof" these words, " the excess over twelve
dollars of."
The object is to leave the law we passed at
the last session just as it is, with the exception
of amending it to make it what it was intended
to be, that is: the higher rate with the addition
of twenty per cent, ad valorem shall not be put
on the whole value of the cigar, but only on the
excess over twelve dollars. That was what the
House passed at the last session, except they
made it forty per cent, ad valorem, and the
Senate cut it down to twenty per cent, ad va-
lorem on the excess over twelve dollars.
What is the history of this matter? Gentle-
men seem not exactly to have remembered it.
The original tax upon cigars was by classifica-
tion, making them into some three or four
classes. That was found to result in a great
deal of fraud to the revenue. Then they
resorted to a dead-level tax of ten dollars.
That crushed out the larger proportion of the
tobacco interest in the country. Last year Te
went back to the classification system agaii,
and because people did not enjoy wealth an!
recover from the injury they had sustained b,r
reason of the previous tax within a month or 4.
few weeks they manifested discontent.
The present law has never yet been fairlj
tried. What was the difficulty with that classi-
fication? Why did it not produce revenue?
On certain cigars the manufacturers made a,
sham sale all over the country. They avowed
it. They made a sham sale in this wise ; they
sold the cigars at prime cost to their journey-
men, and then bought them back from the
journeymen, and entered that as the market
value, and paid tax accordingly. It was done
all over the country. It became necessary to
stop it; and when we came back to the classi-
fication of cigars we introduced certain amend-
ments to prevent those sham transactions from
being continued. If you will but persevere in
the law as this House passed it, making an ad
valorem, tax only upon the excess above twelve
dollars, you will try the experiment fairly that
we sought to try then. 1 think it will be well
to wait a year, or some months at least, and
see if it will not work well. We have tried
both, and they have failed.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending paragraph, and the question will
be now taken on the amendment.
Mr. INGBRSOLL. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Hooper, of Massachusetts, to strike
out the words "when exceeding eight dollars
per thousand in market value, including a tax
of eight dollars per thousand," and insert in
lieu thereof tho following :
On cigarettes, cigars, and cheroots, of all descrip-
tions, mado of tobacco or any substitute therefor
cxceedimteigbtdollars pcrthousandin market value,
including the tax, a tax of eight dollars per thou-
sand.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho next question was on the amendment
offered by Mr. Myers to strike out that part
of the paragraph just amended and insert in
lieu thereof the following:
On all cigarettes, cierars, and chcroots of all de-
scriptions mado of tobacco, or any substitute therefor,
fivo dollars per thousand.
On agreeing to the above amendment, there
were—ayes 39, noes 158 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Hooper, of Massachusetts,
and Myers.
The committee divide^ ; and there appeared
to be a majority in favor of the amendment;
but there was no quorum voting.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest that the vote be
taken in the House, as there is evidently not a
quorum present, and it seems to be the sense
of the House that there should be a uniform
tax. I suggest that the Committee of Ways
and Means yield and allow the amendment to
be adopted without a quorum, and have a vote
on it in the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object, unless it is un-
derstood that we can have a vote on other
amendments in the same way. I have some
amendments.
Mr. THAYER. I object to debate.
Mr. PRICE. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and the Speaker
pro tempore having resumed the chair, Mr.
Boutwell reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, having had
under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the special order,
being House bill No. 116], had come to no
resolution thereon.
