516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
January 17,
Mr. CHANDLER; I should like to name
an earlier day. How long will the tariff bill
probably occupy?
Miv SHERMAN. I have not the slightest
idea- The Senator can name his own day.
This section is a very important feature of the
bill, and as a matter of course-it ought not to
be Voted on unless the whole subject is taken
up for consideration.
Mr. CHANE>LEIt. Then I will name to-
morrow at one ©'clock for this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. You had better let it go
Over to a later day.
. The PRESIDENT jjro tempore. It is moved
that the farther consideration of the bill be
postponed until to-morrow, and that it be made
the special order for one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that this will not
be done, «nd that the Senator having charge
of this bill will not ask it in view of the many
important questions before us. This I con-
ceive to be an important one also, but not of
the same character: I allude to national ques-
tions, questions concerning the revenue, ques-
tions involving the peace of the country, in-
volving the industrial and financial interests of
the country. I hope that special orders will
not be made at this time in favor of any other
class of measures. If the Senator from Michi-
gan will give notice that at an early day he
will call up this bill, Senators will then have
notice to prepare and be ready for action; and
if when the Senator calls it up there shall be
opportunity for the Senate to consider it, the
Senate will not refuse him when he makes the
motion. I hope that course will be taken.
Mr. CHANDLER. I consider this bill one
of the most important measures now before
Congress.
Mr. CONNESS. I have said that it was
important.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is very important
indeed. It is a bill in which the people of the
West take a deep interest, and in which the
people of the East are as much interested as
those of the West. I do not wish to antago-
nize it of course with the tariff bill or with any
bill from the Committee on Finance, but I
should like to have for it early consideration;
and I see no reason why we might not take it
up to-morrow and finish it during to-morrow
and the next day certainly, if not during to-
morrow alone.
Mr. WADE. Give notice that you will call
it up to-morrow; that is just as good as a spe-
cial order.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; then I give
notice that I will call up this bill to-morrow at
one o'clock; and I now move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until that hour
to-morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to inquire
whether the motion in that form will make the
bill a special order for to-morrow?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands that the bill has already been made
a special order, and therefore it postponed
until to-morrow at one o'clock it will not lose
that character, but will still be a special order
according to the rules of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it in order to move
to amend the motion by striking out the hour
named, so as to leave it merely a motion to
postpone until to-morrow?
The'PRESIDENT i>ro tempore. Certainly
it is in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
motion by striking out the hour, so as to make
it merely a motion to postpone until to-morrow
generally.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to inquire
whether that will cut us off from the morning
hour?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will not.
Mr. MORRILL, very well.
Mr. CHANDLER. I accept the amend-
ment, and give notice that I shall call up the
bill to-marrow at one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Michigan is modified so as
to be a motion to postpone the further con-
sideration of the bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to. ;f
KIVElt AND HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
Mt. WADE. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
1teeolved, That the Committee on Commerce bo in-
structed to inquire whether any further legislation is
necessary to carry more fully into effect the provis-
ions of the act of last session, (House bill No. 492,)
making appropriations for the repair, preservation,
and completion of certain public works, &c., which
has been referred to by the Secretary of War in his
recent report, page 455.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. WADE. I wish to call the attention of
the Committee on Commerce to this subject.
The officers of the Department find great dif-
ficulty in executing the law of the last session
on account of some matters which they set
forth, and this resolution points to the place
where those statements are to be found. I
need not recapitulate them here. I hope the
Committee on Commerce will turn their atten-
tion to the subject, and make that amendment
to the law which the Department seems to
think ought to be made. •
The resolution was agreed to.
BALTIMORE AND OHIO RAILROAD.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to take up for con-
sideration Senate bill No. 507.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill
(S. No. 507) to amend an act entitled "An
act to authorize the extension, construction,
and use, by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company, of a railroad from between Knox-
ville and the Monocacy Junction into and
within the Distrist of Columbia," approved
July 25, 1866, was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to know
why it is thought necessary to take the control
of .this matter from the mayors and councils
of the two cities and give it to Congress? Is it
thought that Congress can better judge of a
question of this sort ? Why change the law in
question ?
Mr. MORRILL. Congress has been very
tenacious of granting the right to change the
streets and avenues of this city, or its public
squares, or allowing any interference with
them whatever, except on its own judgment.
It has been so jealous of this heretofore, the
city having been laid out according to a plan
adopted by Congress, that it has reserved to
itself the exclusive right of opening and alter-
ing streets. No street can be opened, altered,
or changed without the consent of Congress ;
that is in order that Congress may preserve
the original plan, which was a feature of its own
adoption.
In addition to that, the Senate was advised
by a memorial, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, that in con-
nection with the authority granted to the city
corporation to permit this road to come into
the District, and to agree upon the place where
it should terminate, and the manner of its
coming into the District, they have undertaken
to couple with it another act to locate the
depot which is now so near us, the present
depot of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com-
pany, and keep it there until the year 1910—
an act quite unauthorized and so extraordi-
nary as, I think, to justify Congress in keep-
ing in its own hands the power over that ques-
tion. If we extend the Capitol grounds it
might be an annoyance to have the depot so
near us.
These two reasons justified calling the atten-
tion of the Senate to the matter. Then 1 ought
to say while I am up that the grant of this
power to these corporations was entirely un-
precedented on the part of Congress. It had
never been done before.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Do they not exercise
the power under their general authority?
Mr. MORRILL. No, sir; and it is a thing
which the committee are very clear ought not
to be permitted to these corporations.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
EENSION AGENTS. • '
Mr. LANE. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 69, to provide for the payment of pensions.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would suggest to my
colleague that as the -general question of the
tenure of office is now before the Senate in a
bill applicable to all offices, so much of this
bill as relates to that subject had better be
postponed until final action by the Senate on
the other bill. I suppose he would not want
one rule for the officers generally that are
appointed by the President and another rule
for .the pension agents. If the general law
proposed be right it ought to be applicable to
these officers ; if it be wrong it ought not to
be passed. It ought to be general or it ought
not to be passed.
Mr. LANE. In answer to that suggestion I
will only say that we have passed this bill: we
have reached the final vote; it stands simply
on a motion to reconsider. I do not know
what the fate of the other bill will be. I think
I shall vote for that also, bnt I believe we had
better dispose of this now. The House amend-
ment has been agreed to ; it stands simply on
a motion to reconsider.
The motion of Mr. Lane was agreed to;
and the Senate proceeded to consider the mo-
tion of Mr. Mokrill to reeonsider the vote
concurring in the amendment of the House of
Representatives, as amended, to the bill (S.
No. 69) to provide for the payment of pensions;
Mr. BUCKALEW. There is only one feat-
ure of this amendment in- which I feel any
particular interest, because, as already stated,
it involves a question which is involved in the
general bill—the question of the power of re-
moval from office. The Senate will remember
that one feature in the amendment is that all
the existing officers of this description, that is
pension agents, .ire to bij removed from office
by this law. It is declared that their commis-
sions, which have been issued pursuant to a
former statute, shall expire upon a particular
day. That feature of the bill applies to a very
few officers; it may not be to one dozen. I
think we ought to reconsider this vote in order
to reach that question and to remove that feat-
ure from the present bill and lot it be involved
in the general measure which has been before
the Senate for its consideration, and which will
be regularly in order at the expiration of the
morning hour.
Under one clause of the Constitution it is
provided that the appointment of subordinate
officers may be vested in the President alono,
in the heads of Departments, or in the courts
of law : and in pursuance of that provision a
former law provided that one of the Secretaries,
being the head of a Department, should appoint
these officers. That was a constitutional law,
a very proper law. Under it the Secretary has
exercised the authority conferred upon him;
he has made appointments; he has issued pom-
missions. The constitutional provision has been
executed by the legislative department, and
by the Secretary. Now, sir, what is proposed ?
A thing entirely novel in the history of this
Government, that the two Houses by a legisla-
tive act shall dismiss these officers from office,
shall vacate their commissions. Whether this
is done instantly upon the passage of the law
or done thirty days hence makes no difference.
It is an attempt to remove from office by the
Legislature alone, by Congress. It is obnox-
ious to all the reasoning which upon this point
was eduecd in the discussion of the general
bill; and as it applies to so very few officers,
and as it applies only to the period of time
which has elapsed since the 1st of Octobcr last,
I think it ought to be removed from this meas-
ure, and the bill ought to stand as it stood when
it went from the Senate, before it was subjected
to amendment bv the House. There is no
