1958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
It comes back to us disfavored by that branch
of Congress. We are not to have relief, and
still we are asked to impose an additional bur-
den on that interest of twenty per cent. The
ship-building interest is in process of extinc-
tion under the present order of things, and no
relief whatever is offered to it; and the ques-
tion now put to me is, "Will you add twenty
per cent, to the burdens under which that in-
terest is staggering to-day 1" I ask, what is the
inducement? Why, "We will give you a pro-
tection on wool and woolens." Well, sir, the
woolen interest in my State is not an inconsid-
erable interest, I admit, and I should be glad
to extend it protection; but I cannot extend
it that protection to the sacrifice of other inter-
ests that are absolutely prostrate, as that is
not. Therefore I shall feel obliged to oppose
any action of this Congress which does not
look to the general protection of the industry
of the country. A mere partial measure, one
so partial as this is, does not commend itself
to my judgment. I would rather forego all
action at present than to adopt this.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have but one rule in
regard to matters of this kind, and that is to
accomplish as much good as I can, and only
to attempt that which I can accomplish. Here
is a bill which the House have passed, upon
full and careful consideration, the result of
mature deliberation ; which we can now pass
and make a law. We know that any amend-
ment to this bill at this stage of the session
necessarily defeats it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We do not know anything
of the sort.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is absolutely so, without
any reference to the proceedings of the other
House ; and the question is whether we will,
by indirection, defeat a bill which has already
received the sanction of the Senate by a vote
of four to one. That is all there is about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think my friend is mis-
taken in saying "that is all there is about it."
We are passing bills here every moment, day
and night, covered with amendments that go
back to the House. Are we to presume that
this will meet any fate that they will not? We
have no right to presume anything of the
kind. There will be no difficulty, no danger
on an amendment of this kind which we offer
to this bill more than to any other. We are
bound to presume that it will receive justice.
We have a right to presume nothing _e]se.
Therefore I think it unjust to say that it is cer-
tain that this amendment defeats the bill. If
amendments do not defeat other bills, why
should an amendment defeat this if it is right?
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cattell, Con-
ness.Cragin, Creswell, Edmund*, Fessenden, Foster,
Grimes, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, rfoward,
Howe, Kirkwood, Lane, McDougall, Morrill, Nes-
mitb, Norton, Patterson, Pomeroy, Ross, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Willey,
Williams, and Wilson—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cowan, Doolittlo, Fow-
ler, Guthrie, Riddle, and Yates—7.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and
read the third time.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON. Before the vote is
taken, I simply desire to say that this is an
illustration to our eastern friends of the work-
ings of the tariff. This is tariff to satiety.
This perhaps is an overdose. This is com-
mending to them the poisoned chalice. As my
friend from Rhode Island just now said, we are
delivered into the hands of the Philistines.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 12; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Con-
ness, Cragin, Dixon, Edmunds, Fogg, Foster, Fowlar
Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Harris, Howard, Howe. Kirk-
wood, Lane, Norton, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Boss, Sherman, Stewart, Trumbull, Van Wiukl«.
Wade, Willey, Williams, and Yates—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Creswell, Davis, Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Johnson, McDougall, Patterson,
Saulsbury. Sprague, Sumner, and Wilson—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cowan, Doolittle, Fes-
senden, Guthrie, Morgan, Morrill, Nesmith, and
Riddle—9.
So the bill was passed.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tern,pore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of War,
communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of February 10, 1867, a
report of the Quartermaster General respect-
ing a military commission sitting at Nashville,
Tennessee, during the war, for the adjudication
of claims of loyal citizens of Tennessee; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate a report of the Postmaster
General, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of the 28th ultimo,
calling for information relative to mail con-
tracts with Mr. A. D. Trotter, of Staunton, Vir-
ginia, the amount of money paid him on said
contracts without his taking the oaths pre-
scribed by act of Congress ; which was laid on
the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate a report of the Secretary
of the Senate, communicating, in obedience to
law, a detailed statement of the payments from,
the contingent fund of the Senate for the year
ending December 3, 1866 ; which was referred
to the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate, andordered
to be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate a message from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting a copy
of a correspondence between the Secretary of
State and G. V. Fox, Esq., relative to the pres-
entation by the latter to the Emperor of Rus-
sia of a resolution of Congress expressive of
the feelings of the people of the United States
in reference to the providential escape of that
sovereign from an attempted assassination ;
which, on motion of Mr. Sumner, was ordered
to be printed and lie on the table.
agricultural ileport.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following
resolution: j
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
Senate twenty thousand additional copies of the
Report of the Commissioner of Agriculture for the
year 1866, and the accompanying documents, and I
three thousand additional copies of the same for the
use of the Department of Agriculture.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose the resolution
will go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing have had the matter under consideration
and are in favor of the ^solution.
Mr. SHERMAN. Tnen it might as well be
passed at once. It is in the usual form.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
bankrupt bill.
Mr. POLAND. I now submit the report of
the committee of conference on the bankrupt
bill.
The report was read, as follows :
The committee of confcrence on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill to establish a
uniform system of bankruptcy throughout tho United
States (H. R. No. 598) having met, after full and free
conference have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective Houses, as follows :
That the Senate recede from their amendment
numbered twenty-six to the thirty-third section of
said bill.
That the House recede from its non-concurrence
with the Senate in the other amendments made to
said bill by the Senate, and concur in the same.
LUKE P.POLAND,
EDWIN D. MORGAN,
JAMES A. McDOUGALL,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
THOMAS A. JENCKES,
HENRY L. DAWES,
Managers on the part of the Bouse.
Mr. LANE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
concurring in the report of the committee.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; an#"being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 20; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler. Conner, Cres-
well, Dixon, Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster, Freling-
huysen, Harris, Howard, Howe, Johnson, McDou-
gall, Morgan, Morton, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Ross, Stewart, Sumner, and Van Winkle—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cragin, Davis, Fo<*g,
Fowler, Henderson, Hendricks, L.fne, Morrill, Nes-
mith, Patterson, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Trum-
bull. Wade, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cattell, Cowan, Doolit-
tle, Grimes, Guthrie, Kirkwood, and Riddle—8.
So the report was concurred in.
compound-interest notes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit a report from
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill of the
' House No. 1220 to provide ways and means
for the payment of the compound-interest notes.
The report was read, as follows:
Tho committeo of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on House bill No. 1220, en-
titled "An act to furnish ways and means for the
! payment of the compound-interest notes," after a
full ccjnference have agreed that the House recede'
from its disagreement to the Senate amendment, and
agree to the same with amendments, as follows:
strike out " one hundred'* in last line of first section
of said amendment and insert "fifty," and strike
out the second section of said amendment; and that
the Senate agree to the said amendments to their
amendment.
JOHN SHERMAN,
REVERDY JOHNSON,
WILLIAM SPRAGUE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
HIRAM PRICE,
THEODORE M. POMEROY.
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. The effect of this is to
authorize a loan of $50,000,000 instead of
$100,000,000. The second section the House
objected to, and we receded from it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What was the second
section ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The second section pro-
hibited national banks from receiving and pay-
ing interest, and also denied them the right to
use the compounds as reserves. The House
objected to that strenuously, and we thought
it best to abandon it.
The report was concurred in.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had disagreed to the report of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill of
the House No. 896, making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1868, further insisted upon a
disagreement to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to that bill, and asked a further conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Roscoe Conk-
ling of New York, Mr. Robert C. Schexck
of Ohio, and Mr. Hiram McCullough of
Maryland, managers of the same on its part.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills and joint resolution ; and
they were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore of the Senate.
A bill (S. No. 128) authorizing limited part-
nerships in the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 264) to grant certain priv-
ileges to the Alexandria, Washington, and
Georgetown Railroad Company, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 470) to authorize the change
of a name;
A bill (S. No. 477) to amend an act entitled
"An act to continue, alter, and amend the
charter of the city of Washington," approved
May 17, 1848; ^
A bill (S. No. 493) supplemental to "An
act to establish the Treasury Department,"
approved September 2, 1789;
A bill (S. No. 529) to incorporate the How-
ard University in the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 534) to provide for the allot-
ment of the members of the Supreme Court
among the circuits, and for the appointment
of a marshal of the Supreme Court;
A bill (S. No. 570) extending the time for
the completion of certain street railways;
