518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO
January 17,
majority. So it has been proclaimed frotn the
time when the shells were assigned to the voters
of Athens and they sent their great men into
banishment.
It is false to say qf this Republic that this
is a Government of exact majorities and that
majorities must rule. That never was the idea
of the men who created our foundation. They
undertook to balance our institutions. There
•were both popular and conservative forces;
there were the Senate, the lower branch of the
Legislature, and the judiciary; and we have
much depraved ourselves by falling off from
the «4d lessons and Aiaking the judiciary sub-
jeet to popular influences; for probably above
all influences, as it was once thought by the
piasters whom we have studied, or should have
studied, the judiciary was the great anchoring
ground of the Government. I never knew the
time that I was willing to have a judge hold
his term short of good behavior, so that he
should be properly tried; and that should be
the rule now throughout the country. If he is
guilty of any offense he may be accused of the
Offense; and, by the way, I may say here, and
I say it just simply because I am looking at
this old, reverend gentleman, [Mr. Johnson,]
—"Reverdy" means "reverend" I believe—
that Lord Bacon, according to our present
information, has been long maligned. After
he has been dead and rotten now since Queen
Elizabeth's time, it has been found out that he
was an excellent gentleman, a noble man, and
did not steal; but because that red-headed girl
who was then Queen of England begged of him
•to do so he allowed himself to go into ignominy.
That is a better piece of subjection than I could
submit to. Probably I could have done it if I
had been an Englishman. ~
However, I desire to come back again to the
main consideration of the three departments of
our Government. I would be pained to have
that division forgotten by thoughtful men. It
.will not be long before I shall part your com-
pany, and shall have no opportunity of ex-
pressing even a sentiment or an opinion. When
we forget the true distinction between the three
departments of Government, the executive, the
legislative, and the judicial departments, and do
not learn how to define them, and do not have
the definitions taught in our schools to our boys,
we are on the down grade of ruin, and we shall
go into a chaotic mass, or chaotic confusion at
least. It is not possible to conduct a Govern-
ment without executive power; it is not possi-
ble to conduct a Government without legisla-
tive power; it is not possible to conduct Gov-
ernment without judicial power; the three are
involved. This is a very old story. It has been
taught to us for more than five thousand years.
It has been determined by the wisest that they
should bo entirely separate and distinct. If the
executive and the judicial office were combined
in one man it would enable him to be a tyrant.
If the executive and the legislative were united
in one it would enable that power to tyrannize.
If the Legislature of the Government should
claim, by virtue of its power to pass laws, power
to administer laws, power to judge of laws, it
would be most tyrannous. All careful, consid-
erate students of the philosophy of republics
have said, Let the legislative power be held in
check. Senators, who have no particular per-
sonal influence, and who are not supposed to
be popular politicians, and members of the
House of Representatives, have no power to
accomplish results except this: they can pass
laws. >
Now, if the Legislature has a mind to say,
regardless of the Constitution of the United
States, '' This is the law of the United States;''
to say, as a Senator once said to me in this
Hall, "If itis not constitutional, it is right,"
and then claim, by virtue of legislative power,
executive and judicial power, that would make
the most terrible tyranny because they repre-
sent an irresponsible majority. I presume there
is no Senator who is not conversant with this
discussion, as I am myself. Certainly every
well-informed man in this Senate should have
read this full discussion of the relations of the
three departments of Government. It was well
discussed in the organization of our Republic.
It is well put in the Federalist. It is well stated
in Montesquieu, and better referred to by the
text he furnishes from the ancient authors. If
we cannot maintain the independency of the
three powers in this Government, we must
abandon it and seek a new organization; and
there comes a grave question, and perhaps it
may be the gravest question of the age: if the
three elements, each intended to be exactly in-
dependent so that they should make an equi-
poise, cannot be maintained in their integrity,
if they cannot balance themselves, if the ex-
ecutive can go to the judiciary or the judiciary
to the executive, or the executive to the legis-
lative, and combine power, if the moral sense
of the country will , not correct any such bad,
evil, terrible conclusion, we are in chaos. We
shall then have to lie at midnight like a ves-
sel in a stormy sea, without hope of the morn-
ing, and he who shall see the first star that rises
in the eastern horizon will be a prophet of
God; for when we are involved in that chaotic
condition there is no rule of philosophy, there
is nothing in the differential or the integral
calculus that can solve that proposition so far
as it has been communicated to mankind.
It is in this aspect of the question that I
speak of our solemn duty to maintain the the-
ory of our Government as advised by the men
who hunted it up from old antiquity. No Sen-
ator has read the Federalist who does not
know that Hamilton and Jay and Madison
hunted everything from the ancient masters,
and then they relied principally upon Montes-
quieu as an index, but they hunted them all,
and they framed the only system of a republic
that can last. If this Republic does last, it
must last upon the proposition of the division
of power in three departments of the Govern-
ment. If they cannot be maintained intact in
their integrity, the Republic cannot be main-
tained. I am confident the Republic cannot
be maintained if we cannot maintain those
three elements independent of each other,
so that we have no right here to question the
power of the Executive, and the courts have
no right to question our power. We must,
upon consultation, inquire what our power is
and exercise it only to the limit of our author-
ity ; and so of the other branches of the Gov-
ernment.
I have said enough to communicate my opin-
ions, and 1 say my advice, if you please. If it
is not considered to-day it will be considered
at some future time, perhaps by more thought-
ful and more careful men. I did while I have
the floor propose to pursue a branch that is
not germane to this question ; but from what I
see about me I do not care to pursue the sub-
ject. I desire now, as a mere concluding sen-
tence, to say that the safety, the continuance,
the maintenance of our institutions as a free
Government depend upon the maintenance of
the three branches of Government intact.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I have long
entertained the opinion that the appointing
power, and especially the power of removal from
office by the Executive of the United States,
was a very dangerous power, liable to abuse,
and that if it could be constitutionally done
there should be restrictions placed upon it. My
opinion in reference to that subjcct is not the
result of recent events connecting themselves
with that question, but it has been one long
entertained. I believe that it is contrary to
the theory of our Government, dangerous to
its integrity and to the proper balances of the
coordinate branches ; and I was very glad that
a proposition was introduced for the purpose
of applying, if possible, some proper limita-
tions on the exercise of that power. I think it
is demoralizing as it now stands, or rather as
it has been exercised in times past, both upon
the Executive and upon the people, furnishing
motives of corruption on the part of the Execu-
tive, tempting him for political or personal
purposes to the abuse of the power which the
the Constitution seems to have placed in his
hands, and especially in that construction given
to it by prescription and by usage. On the
other hand, it is very demoralizing opoa the
people, upon the electors.
I am not going into the question and did not
rise to discuss it particularly, but to express
my regret that the Senator from Vermont did
not adhere to his original bill, and resist at-
taching to it any of those appendages which
Senators are essaying to put upon it. I should
like to see the broad proposition carried out by
some general provisions; but I apprehend very
much that the proper operation of the princi-
ple will be embarrassed, if not destroyed, by
attempting to place upon it these various minor
restrictions and penalties to which Senators
have alluded. It does seem to me that it is
derogatory to the character and office of the
President of the United States to attempt to
surround him or those under him with these
little pains and disabilities which have been
suggested in the amendments offered by Sen-
ators ; and however much the power may be
abused in the hands of the Executive, I think
the only punishment commensurate with the
dignity of the executive office, when a corrupt
abuse of it really exists, is that already pro-
vided in the Constitution, impeachment—that
and nothing less.
But, sir, I rose principally to notice some of
the remarks which the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Cowan] made yesterday while he
was discussing the pending amendment. That
Senator then said;
"No man can give any reason why three hundred
thousand voters in a State should have all the offices
in the State, while two hundred and ninety-five
thousand voters in that State have no offices at all.
Not even those who assail the President most sternly
and unrelentingly, I think, will argue that there is
any j ustice and any propriety in that. If these offices
belong to anybody and for any other purpose than
the public service itself, and if there is to be any
rule adopted for the guidance of the appointing
power, perhaps that practice is just as good as any
other; but the minority would be entitled toitsshare
as well."
I confess to some surprise When that hon-
orable Senator made his statement as to the
number of removals from office during the last
year. I have no means of knowing the precise
number. I take it for granted, however, that
the statement of the Senator is correct. He
has doubtless informed himself upon that sub-
ject. I had formed my opinion in relation to
it from what was transpiring around me.
Allow me to say to the Senator to-day that
there is but one single civil officer appointed by
the President of the United States from West
Virginia left in office this day who is in accord
with the policy of Congress, or who is not in
accord with the policy of the President of the
United States, and he is a consul abroad. Every
officer in the revenue department in West Vir-
ginia has been removed but one, and he has
changed his opinion from what we there term
loyalty into favor of the policy of the President
of the United States. And there are but four
men holding civil office to-day, among presi-
dential appointees, in West Virginia, who have
not been removed by the President of the United
States during the last ye"ar. There has been
a universal removal; almost all officers have
been swept away, if, then, the remarks of the
Senator from Pennsylvania be true, that there
ought at least to be a fair division, I ask him,
npon his own principles, whether there has not
been an abuse of the executive power so far
as West Virginia is concerned?
The Senator on that occasion further re-
marked, as follows:
"Ithink X may say I know something about how
these removals were made, some of them, and why
they were made. I have no difficulty in standing
here in my place and saying that all the removals
that X know to have been madeby the President were
of men who had no respect not only for the Chief
^Magistrate of the nation, not only for the nation
itseli, but I thought for themselves. Senators are
certainly aware that within the last yelk a great
deal of exceedingly offensive, gross, unwarranted
language has been made use of toward the President
of the United States. I am satisfied thatthoro is not
an honorable Senator here who would not say that
where an office-holder, for whose conduct the Presi-
