1282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
private enterprise, which seems to be in ad-
vance of the Government, the proposition of
the contractors in competition with the report
of the- committee is before the House.' .
I do not propose this morning to go into the
merits of this case. I suggest to the House
that it should be possessed of the views of the
committee and of the proposition that the com-
mittee have submitted to the House before it
undertakes to act upon this case. I do not
know by whose enterprise or by what^authority
this bill has been laid on the tables of mem-
bers, which does not come from the committee.
There is not before the House any proposition
to take the place of the proposition of the
committee. Certain amendments are read for
information and ordered to be printed, but
none have been offered to the House. I
therefore move, if it is in accordance with the
views of my colleague on the committee [Mr.
Sloan] who has this bill in charge, that it be
deferred until next Friday. Then I under-
stand it will be in order and will stand where
it does now, and during the intermediate time
the facts of the case as presented by the com-
mittee can be examined by members.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if this bill is postponed until Friday next at
the commencement of the morning hour, it will
comc up at that time unless there should be
some business unfinished at the expiration of
the morning hour, which will precede it, or
unless it is interrupted by some privileged
question.
Mr. DELANO. It will be in order, I under-
stand, on Friday or Saturday either?
Tlio SPEAKER. Unless it is interrupted
by privileged motions.
Mr. IN(M'jRiSOLL. Will the gentloman
allow mo to ask a question?
Mr. DELANO. 1 cannot, as T am holding
the floor only by the indulgence of my colleague
on l.ho committee.
Mr. MclCKE. I intended to make a report
from the minority of the committee yesterday,
but was cut off by the expiration of the morn-
ing hour. I ask my colleague on the com-
mittee to yield to me for that purpose now.
Mr. SLOAN. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. McKEE. I proposed an amendment
yesterday, and I only wish to say, just at this
point, that so far as tlifl report of tho Commit-
tee of Chums in regard to this case is concerned
f fully concur in it,. But f offered a substitute
for the bill agreed upon by tho majority of the
committee, following out, as 1 think, the spirit
of the report itself.
One word in regard to the motion proposed
to bo made by the chairman of tho committee
to postpone the consideration of this case. The
case has been before the Committee of Claims
since about the last of May, 1866, and if it is
postponed now it will be readily seen that it
will go over till tho next Congress. Those
men who are here as claimants before the
Government, demanding what they consider
to be their just rights, have been before the
nation and before Congress now for three long
years. If there is anything just in their claim
it is time it was disposed of; if not, then let
tho House say so, and let them go home and
attend to their other business.
Mr. SLOAN. I desire to say 
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a question of
order. I wish to make tho inquiry of the
Chair, as to the probability, in his opinion, of
the House ever having it in its power to act
upon this bill if it is postponed to-day?
The SPEAKER. That is not a question of
order. But the Chair, in accordance with his
uniform practice of stating to the House the
effect, of any given motion upon the public
business, will^ state that if this bill is post-
poned until Friday next it will be reached at
the commencement of the morning hour, un-
less the morning hour of to-day shall expire
with some business pending unfinished. But
it will be subject to interruptions by reports
of committees of conference or motions to go
into Committee of the Whole for the purpose
of considering appropriation bills and other
privileged motions, which are very numerous
near the close of the session.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then postponing this
bill means its death.
Mr. SPALDING. It ought to be its death.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I want the House to
understand the effect of the motion.
Mr. SPALDING. The bill is one of no merit.
Mr. SLOAN. I concur in the proposition
which has been made by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Delano,] to "postpone the further
consideration of this subject until next Friday;
for the reason that tho report of the commit-
tee, and the resolution which it reported as a
substitute for the Senate bill, have but just
been printed and laid upon our desks. There
are very few if any of the members of this
House who have seen either tho report or the
resolution reported as a substitute.
But we find that a bill printed by some one
has been laid upon the desks of all the mem-
bers of this House; we found it upon oar desks
when we came in this morning, imd I find that
the opinion prevails quite extensively around
me that this printed bill which members find
upon their desks is the bill reported by the
committee. Now, I desire to say that that bill
is not the one reported by the committee; its
printing, so far as I know, was not ordered by
the House. But it is a bill printed by some
party outside of tho House and laid upon the
desks of members.
Hence it is proper that tho members of this
House should have an opportunity of reading
the report of the committee and ascertaining
the provisions of the substitute reported by
the committee before they take action upon
tho subject. The only objection which can bo
made to that course, in order that this matter
should be acted upon understanding^ by the
House, is made by tho gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. McKku,] to wit: that the delay may
jeopardize the hearing of the matter at this
session. But after the explanations which tho
Speaker has made, that if this subject is post-
poned until next Friday it will come up in
regular order immediately after the reading
of tho Journal or at the commencement of
tho morning hour, it can then be considered,
and there will be ample time to dispose of it
on Friday and Saturday.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Will the gentleman
yield to mo for a moment?
Mr. SLOAN. For a moment; yes, sir.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I sincerely hope the
motion of my friend from Ohio [Mr. Delano]
will not prevail. I think if the members of
tho House understood the effect of that motion
they would not vote for it. Here are certain
gentlemen preferring a claim against the Gov-
ernment for vessels which in the early part of
the war they furnished for the Navy of the
United States.
Mr. SLOAN. I cannot yield for a discus-
sion of the merits of this motion.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Will the gentleman
yield to me a few moments by and by?
Mr. SLOAN. I will, if the motion to post-
pone shall not prevail. I desire to say that
I am informed I was mistaken in saying that
the substitute reported by the committee has
been printed. I am told that it is not yet
printed, or at all events it has not yet been
distributed to members.
As this is an important subject, it seems to
mo that it is eminently proper that it should
be postponed until next week, when we can
consider it understandingly and dispose of it.
Itrust that motion will prevail. I call tho pre-
vious question on the motion to postpone.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. UPSON. I must decline to yield to
have this matter discussed at this time.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Then I hope the
call for the previous question and the motion
to postpone will be voted down.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope not.
_ On seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion, there were—ayes 46, noes 38; no quo-
rum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Messrs. Woodbridge
and Delano.
The House divided; and the tollers reported
—ayes 64, noes 50.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered, which was
on the motion of Mr. Delano, to postpone
the further consideration of the bill until Fri-
day next at the commencement of the morn-
ing hour.
On the question there were—ayes 65, no£s 50.
Mr. INGERSOLL called for the yeas and
nays; and also called for tellers on ordering
the yoas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ingek-
soll and Spalding wore appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-nine, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 67, not vot-
ing 46; as follows:
TEAS—Mossrs. Alley, Ames, Ancona, Arnoll,
Baker, Beaman, Bidwell, Bingham, Boutwell, Bran-
degoe, Broomali, Auckland, Reader W. Clarke, Sid-
noy Clarke, Cobb, Dawes, Dawson, Dolano, Donnelly,
Eliot,, Familiar, JTmck.Glossbrenner, Grinnell, Aaron
Harding, Hawkins, Hise, Holmes. Chester D. Hub-
baid, Demas Hubbard. John II. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Humphrey, Jenckes, Julian, Kelley, Kelso, ICorr,
Kotcham, Latham, William Lawrenco. Leftwich,
Loan, Lynch, Marshall, Maynard, McOlurg, Meln-
doe, Mercur, Miller, Nicholson, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Plants. Prico, Samuel J. Randall, John It. Rice, Ril-
ter, Rollins, Sawyer, Seofield, Shanklin; Shella-
barger, Sloan, Spalding. Stokes, Thayer, Thornton,
Upson,Van Aernam.BurtVan Horn,Hamilton Ward,
Warner, William B. Washburn, Welker, and Win-
dom—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ashley, Barker,
Baxter, Benjamin, Bergen, Blaino, Blow, Bundy,
Campbell, Chanler, Cook, Cooper, Cullom, Darling,
Davis, Doming, Dodgo, Dumont, Eggleston, Kerry,
Goodyear, Griswold, Abner C. Hardin!?, Ilart, Ila.yes,
Henderson. Higby, Hill, llogan, Edwin N. Iluhbcll,
Ingersoll, Kasson.Kuykondall, George V. Lawrence,
Le Blond, Longyoar, Marstop, Marvin, McKcc, Mc-
Ruer, Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newoll, Niblack,
Nooll, Perliam, Piko, William H. Randall, Rogers,
Rousseau, Schcnok, Sitgreaves, Stilwell, Strouse,
Taber, Nathnniol («. Taylor, Nolson Taylor, John L.
Thomas, Robert T. Van Horn, Andrew H. Ward,
Whaley, Stephen P. Wilson, Winlield. Woodbridge,
and Wright-H>7.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Jame< M.Ashley,
Baldwin, Banks. Bover, Bromwell, Conkling, Culver,
Dofrees, Denison, Dixon, Driggs, Eekloy, Eldridge,
t'amsvvurlh, (rarlii.'ld. Hale, Harris, Hooper, Hotcli-
kiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Hun-
ter, Jones, Koontz, Latlin, McCullough, Moorhead,
Morrill, Patterson, Phelps, Pomeroy, Radiord, Ray-
mond, Alexander H. Rico, Ross, Starr, Stevens,
Francis Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge, Elihu B.
Washburno, Henry D. Washburn, Wentwortb, Wil-
liams, and James Jb\ Wilson—46.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
During tho roll call,
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, said: I desire to
announce that on this question I have paired
with the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.]
If present, he would vote against this claim,
while I would vote for it.
Tho result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. WARD, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote just taken ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order 01' business.
The SPEAKER announced as the next
business in order during the morning hour
reports of a private nature from committees,
beginning with the Committee on Commerce.
asylum for the deaf and
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back adversely a bill (H. R.
No. 941) granting land to the Kansas Asylum
for the Education of Deaf and Dumb Persons ;
and moved that the bill be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
james m. english.
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported adversely upon the petition
of James M. English, of English Center, Penn-
sylvania, praying Congress to grant him a war-
rant for a tract of land eighteen miles square
in some of the valleys of the Rocky mountains,
