1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1959
A bill (S. No. 589) to amend an act entitled
"An act to incorporate the National Theolog-
ical Institute," and to define and extend the
powers of tte same; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 160) for the
relief of Dempsey Reece, of Indiana.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House No. 896, making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30,1868, disagreed to by
the House of Representatives.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to expedite
business, I move that the Senate further insist
upon its amendments to the bill disagreed to
by the House of Representatives, and agree
to the further conference asked by the House
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses. I
will state that this proceeding is rather a singu-
lar one. The Senate asked for a committee
of conference last night and appointed con-
ferees, but the House have overlooked it and
asked for a committee of conference themselves.
I suppose the shortest way is to grant their
request and appoint the same committee that
was appointed last night.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the con-
ferees on the part of the Senate be appointed
by the President pro tempore.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Trumbull, Mr. Edmunds, and Mr. Davis.
indemnity to military officers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
859. It is a bill to indemnify the officers of
the Government for acts done in the suppres-
sion of the rebellion. It is a House bill
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOWE. I want to call the attention
of the Senate once more to the private claims
that are pending. I am urged constantly by
members of this House and of the other to
bring forward certain bills in which they are
particularly interested. I cannot bring them
forward without the consent of the Senate. I
am interested in none of them myself.
The motion of Mr. Trumbull was agreed
to; and the Senate, as in Committee of the
Whole, proceeded to consider the bill (II. R.
No. 859) to declare valid and conclusive cer-
tain proclamations of the President, and acts
done in pursuance thereof, or of his orders,
in the suppression of the late rebellion against
the United States.
All acts, proclamations, and orders of the
President of the United States, or acts done
by his authority or approval after March 4,1861,
and before July 1, 1866, respecting martial law,
military trials by courts-martial or military com-
missions, or the arrest, imprisonment, and trial
of persons charged with participation in the
late rebellion against the United States, or as
aiders or abettors thereof, or as guilty of any
disloyal practice in aid thereof, or of any vio-
lation of the laws or usages of war, or of
affording aid or comfort to rebels against' the
authority of the United States, and all pro-
ceedings and acts done or had by courts-mar-
tial or military commissions, or arrests or im-
prisonments made in thepremises by any person
by the authority of the orders or proclamations
of the President, made as aforesaid, or in aid
thereof, are declared to be approved in all
respects, legalized and made valid, to the same
extent and with the same effect as if the orders
and proclamations had been issued and made,
and the arrests, imprisonments, proceedings,
and acts had been done under the previous
express authority and direction of the Congress
of the United States, and in pursuance of a law
thereof previously enacted and expressly au-
thorizing and directing the same to be done.
And no civil court of the United States, or of
any State, or of the District of Columbia, or
of any district or Territory of the United States,
is to have or take jurisdiction of, or in any
manner reverse any of the proceedings had or
acts done, nor is any person to be held to
answer in any of the courts for any act done
or omitted to be clone in pursuance or in aid
of the proclamations or orders, or by authority
or with the approval of the President within
the period aforesaid, and respecting any of the
matters aforesaid ; and all officers and other
persons in the service of the United States, or
who acted in aid thereof, acting in the premises
shall be held prima facie to have been author-
ized by the President; and all acts and parts
of acts heretofore passed, inconsistent with the
provisions of this act, are hereby repealed.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to strike out all of
the bill after the word "done" in the twenty-
sixth line to the word "President" in the
thirty-eighth line, in these words:
And no civil court of tho United States, or of any
State, or of the District of Columbia, or of any dis-
trict or Territory of the United States, shall have or
take jurisdiction of, or in any manner reverse any of
the proceedings had or act3 done as aforesaid, nor
shall any person be held to answer in any of said
courts for any act done or omitted to be done in pur-
suance or in aid of any ofsaid proclamations or orders,
or by authority or with the approval of the President
within the period aforesaid, and respecting any of
the matters aforesaid: and all officers and other per-
sons in the service of the United States, or who acted
in aid thereof, acting in the premises shall bo held
prima facie to have been authorized by the President.
Mr. President, I have very great doubt
whether we can pass that part of the bill which
I do not propose now to strike out, at least
in one particular. The Supreme Court have
decided that, as the laws now stand, or did
stand at the period when the prosecutions to
which I am about to refer were instituted, there
was no law which authorized a trial by mili-
tary court of any description of a citizen who
was not a soldier. They were unanimous in
so thinking. The only difference between the
judges was, that a majority thought it was not
in the power of Congress to provide for the
trial of a citizen charged with an offense by a
military court in a State where the civil courts
were in the exercise of their ordinary jurisdic-
tion ; but the whole court say that under the
act which was supposed to authorize these
military commissions they were illegally held.
I have some doubt, therefore, whether this
act of indemnity would be sanctioned by the
judges; but I am perfectly willing to leave
that to the determination of the courts if the
question should be presented before them.
What I object to is, that we undertake, if we
pass this bill, to prohibit the courts from enter-,
taining any jurisdiction at all, from hearing
the case.
I admit that we should go to the very verge
of the Constitution in protecting the officers
who have acted under the authority of the Gov-
ernment, in all acta which they honestly be-
lieved were necessa^"to preserve the Govern-
ment from the effort which was then being
made to destroy it; but this bill goes much
further than that. It provides that wherever
a person has acted in point of fact under the
authority of the President, no matter how he
acted, no matter in what manner he performed
the duty which the President's proclamation
or order authorized, no matter how cruelly,
with what unnecessary severity, he executed
the order, the citizen who may have been in-
jured shall be debarred the privilege of having
the propriety of his arrest or the propriety of
the manner in which the arrest was conducted
examined by a civil tribunal. It therefore
assumes, by prohibiting, that there might be
cases which the courts would hold were not
justified by any orders of the -President, be-
cause there was no authority to issue such
orders, or cases in which there would be no
justification under the orders, because of the
manner in which the orders had been carried
out. I have heard of very many cases of most
unnecessary hardship, uncalled for severity on
the part of agents of the Government in the
exercise of what they supposed to be the orders
of tb« President of the United States.
If this bill passes, and is regarded, (and we
should pass no bill that we do not think will
be regarded,) the question of the validity of
the President's ^orders, or the question as to
the legality of the manner in which the orders
have been executed can never be brought be-
fore the courts of the United States for inves-
tigation, because we say:
And no civil court of the United States, or of any
State, or of the District of Columbia, or of any dis-
trict or Territory of tho United States, shall have or
take jurisdiction of, or in any manner reverse any
of tho proceedings had or acts dono as aforesaid, nor
shall any person be held to answer in any of said
courts for any act done or omitted to be done in pur-
suance or in aid of any of said proclamations or
orders, or by authority or with the approval of tho
President within the period aforesaid, and respecting
any of tho matters aforesaid.
So that, no matter how unconstitutional those
orders of the President of the United States
may have been in the judgment of the judi-
ciary, the Supreme Court of the United States
as the ultimate tribunal, no matter how illegal
—even if the orders of the President were
legal—may have been the manner in which
those orders have been executed, the party
suffering, if the Constitution prohibited the
orders or the law prohibited the manner in
which the orders were executed, can in no
possible way bring his case for redress before
the courts of the United States. The Con-
gress of tho United States by this law assumes
for itself to decide that these acts and procla-
mations are all legal, and that the manner in
which they have been performed is legal, and
proposes to deny to the courts jurisdiction over
any cases arising tinder this law in the exercise
of what it evidently seems to suppose is its
paramount authority under the Constitution to
interfere with what would otherwise be the
jurisdiction of the courts of the United States.
It is in my view, therefore, neither more nor
less than an assumption on the part of Con-
gress, if the bill should pass, first to pass a law,
and secondly to say that that law shall never
be disputed, no matter how absolutely without
authority under the Constitution Congress may
have been to pass it. It is too late to discuss
the question. I shall content myself, there-
fore, with offering to amend it by striking out
that part of the bill which the amendment cov-
ers and calling for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, the
English Parliament claims to be omnipotent,
and so it is. It may legalize any act, however
wrongfully committed, and there is no remedy,
because, according to the theory of the British
Constitution, there is no power that can review
the decisions of that body. This, however, is
the first time in the history of the Government
of the United States when a majority in Con-
gress have solemnly committed themselves in
the form of a bill to the doctrine that they pos-
sess omnipotence under the Federal Constitu-
tion. I know that bills like this have been
passed in England when the Crown has been
guilty, in times of great public danger, of doing
that which was forbidden by the constitution
of Great Britain; but I never expected to live
to see the day when the Federal Congress, act-
ing under a written Constitution, should claim
for themselves this omnipotence of power. I
have seen, it is true, during the last few years
step by step being taken in this direction by
Congress; but now we have it in the form of a
bill, boldly avowed to the whole world, that this
American Congress, whose powers are defined
and limited by a written Constitution, and which
is only a coordinate branch of the Government,
possesses all power under the Federal Consti-
tution, that its will is law, and that neither con-
stitutions nor anything else can bind that will.
Why, sir, what does this bill propose? It pro-
poses to ratify, legalize, and make valid—
All acts, proclamations, and orders of the Presi-
dent of the United States, or acts done by his author-
ity or approval, after the 4th of March, A. D. 1MI.
and before the 1st day of July, A. D. lStxi, respecting
martial law."
Yes, sir, if he declared martial law through-
out the whole United States, over that portion
of the United States where there was no in-
vasion or rebellion, where he had no authority
to do it, where you, the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, had nu authority to declare where
