1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
128S
to be selected by him; and the petition was
laid on the table.
swamp lands in illinois.
Mr. JULIAN also, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported adversely upon the pe-
tition of the board of supervisors of La Salle
county, Illinois, praying for an amendment
to the.act approved September 28, 1850, enti-
tled ' !An act to enable the State of Arkansas
and other States to reclaim the swamp lands
within their limitsand the petition was laid
on the table.
homesteads.
Mr. JULIAN also, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported adversely upon the
petition of Simeon. Jones and others, late
officers of the United States Army and Navy,
praying for ah amendment of the act of June
21, 1866, concerning homesteads; and the
petition was laid on the table.
fox and wisconsin river improvement.
Mr. HOLMES. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to report back House
joint resolution No. 219, extending the time
tor the completion of the improvement of the
Fox and Wisconsin river with the recommend-
ation that it do pass.
Mr. THAYER. I make the point of order
that this is not a private matter.
Mr. SLOAN. I ask the gentleman to hear
me a moment.
Mr. THAYER. I must decline to withdraw
my objection. My committee has not had an
opportunity to be called for many weeks.
Mr. SLOAN. We only desire action by our
Legislature, and this resolution is for that pur-
pose.
Mr. THAYER. I must decline to withdraw
my objection. It is the only way, probably, in
which I can reach my committee.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution is not
of a private nature and cannot be reported on
this day.
land title in santa clara, california.
Mr. McRUER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 878)
to quiet title to land in the town of Santa Clara,
in the State of California, with a recommend-
ation that it be passed.
The question being on ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read the third time, it was
reported at length.
The bill provides that all the right and title
of the United States to the land situated within
the corporate limits of the town of Santa Clara,
in the State of California, as defined in the act
of the Legislature of that State incorporating
said town, be relinquished and granted to the
corporate authorities of said town and then-
successors, in trust, for and with authority to
convey so much of said land as is in the bona
fide occupancy of parties upon the passage of
this act, by themselves or tenants, to such par-
ties. This grant is not to extend to any reser-
vation of the United States, nor prejudice any
valid adverse right or claim, if such exist, to
the land or any part thereof, nor preclude a
iudicial examination and adjustment thereof.
Mr. McRUER. This is a bill of the same
nature as a bill which passed at the last session
in relation to Benicia and Santa Cruz, i kg
report states briefly all the circumstances, and
I hope it will be passed. I demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed ana
read a third time; and being.engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. McRUER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
1iil0 d. codding.
Mr TABER, from the same committee,
reported adversely upon the petition of Milo
D. Codding; and the same was laid on the
table.
carrying the mails.
Mr. McRUER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to
report back House bill No. 620, to repeal -the
fourth section of an act approved March 25,
1864, and an act approved January 20, 1865,
to provide for carrying the mails.
Mr. THAYER. 1 make the point this is a
public bill.
The SPEAKER. It is a public bill, and
cannot be reported on this day.
newsboys' home.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back House
bill No. 1142, to amend the act entitled "An
act to incorporate a 'Newsboys' Home,' " and
also for the relief of abandoned children in the
District of Columbia, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
The first section of the bill provides that the
name of the Newsboys' Home be changed to
that of the "Newsboys' Home and Children's
Aid Society" of the District of Columbia,
and that the powers and duties of the pres-
ident and board of managers be enlarged, so
that they may receivc such vagrant, indigent
or abandoned minor children as may be com-
mitted to their custody as hereinafter pro-
vided for ; also, at their discretion, they may
receive from parents or others charged with
the maintenance of minor children, whom said
parents and other persons have not the means
of maintaining, the children of such pareuts
and children under the care of such other per-
son as is hereinafter provided.
The second section provides that said asso-
ciation be fully empowered to provide and care
for all such minor children in such manner as
they may deem proper, so as best to secure
their welfare, food, clothing, mental and moral
training; and for this purpose they may pro-
vide homes in the families of competent per-
sons anywhere within the United States, and
convey such minor children to said homes,
and execute, under the seal of said corporation,
proper writings, securing to the heads of fam-
ilies or others so selected the control and man-
agement of said children for the period therein
set forth, and which shall also secure to said
children proper maintenance, care, and edu-
cation. And said writings, so executed, shall
secure to such persons the exclusive custody
and care of such children, for the period named,
against the claim and interference of all per-
sons whomsoever.
The third section provides that upon com-
plaint in writing, on oath, of any reliable per-
son, all courts and magistrates of said District,
authorized by law to issue process, are em-
powered to cause to be brought before them
all destitute or abandoned minor children and
the minor children of beggars or vagrauts, and
of all others who have not the means or who
refuse to support and maintain such minor
children, or abuse them, so that they can be
shown to be destitute or abandoned, vagrant,
or abused, to be dealt with as provided for in
this act, for which purpose they may subpena
witnesses and hear the allegations of the par-
tics in interest, and in proper cases made by
the proof to commit such children to the cus-
tody and care of the Newsboys' Home and
Children's Aid Society; and said commitment
shall vest the exclusive control of such chil-
dren in said association for the full period
therein named, to the exclusion of all other
persons whomsoever; and said courts and
magistrates shall keep a proper record of all
such cases, when for any causes the persons
before them are committed to the Newsboys
Home and Children's Aid Society, showing
the name, age, sex-, and length of time of
such committal. And it is made the further
dutv of said courts and magistrates to report
each vearto the supreme court of the District
of Columbia all such cases. It is also niade
the duty ol' the marshal, his deputies, and all
police officers, constables, and bailifls of the
District of Columbia to execute all processes
authorized by this act which shall come to
them severally. The supreme court of said
District shall also prescribe the proper forms
to be used by the courts, magistrates, and other
officers of the District, to carry this act -into
execution and fix the time when the annual
report shall be made, hereinbefore provided
for, and shall also establish a table of fees for
the services required to be performed, which
shall be paid as other costs in like cases in the
District are now paid.
The fourth section provides that all persons
in the District of Columbia, the parents of
minor children, or charged with the mainten-
ance of minor children, whom they are, fofr
want of means, unable to maintain, may, upon
making that to appear to the satisfaction of the
president and board of managers of the News-
boys' Home and Children's Aid Socicty, by
writing properly executed to said president and
board, transfer to them the care and custody
of such minor children for the full period of
time for wliiQh persons stand charged with the
maintenance of such minor children, and such
written transfer shall vest the custody of such
minor children in said Newsboys' Home and
Children's Aid Society against all persons
whomsoever; further, when so committed such
parents or guardians shall have 110 power to
interfere with such children, or disturb said
society, or any person to whom said society
may bind or otherwise dispose of said children,
either in this District or elsewhere, and any
interference with said children or other chil-
dren committed to said society may be punished
by the criminal court or justices of the peace
in the United States by a fine not to exceed
twenty dollars or imprisonment not to exceed
thirty days; but any parent or guardian may
apply to said criminal court or said justices
of the peace in any complaint they may desire
to make as to said society dealing with said
children.
The fifth section provides that it shall be the
duty of the president and board of managers
of said association to keep a full and complete
record of its doings and proceedings under this
act, which shall at all proper _ times be acces-
sible to all persons for information. They shall
also, annually, report to the supreme court of
said District the number of children received,
indicating whether by regular commitment or
voluntary transfer, with the name, age, sex,
and disposition of the same, with a summary
of the success and prosperity of said associa-
tion. They shall also have power to establish
proper and necessary by-laws for the transac-
tion of business and the regulation of the affairs
of the association, and to do all the necessary
acts and things to accomplish the full objects
of this aid.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
nicholson pavement.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill to authorize the paving of
a portion of Pennsylvania avenue and Fifteenth
street west, with the "Nicholson pavement
which was read a first and second lime.
Objection being made that the bill made an
appropriation, the bill was, under the rule,
referred to the Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported a bill making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1868; which w<js rC!.l{l
a first and second time, referred toj-he Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state ot the union,
ordered to be printed, and made the special
order for Wednesday next after the morning
hour.
alexandria canal, etc.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
