1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5W
dent was responsible, was guilty of that kind of im-
proper language and want of respect to his superior
officer he should be removed." j,
My experience in West Virginia and my ob-
servations there have taught me that the Presi-
dent has been actuated by no such motives. If
I am to look to his acts and to the antecedents
of his appointees, I must say that he seems to
have taken special pains to select from the
many respectable gentlemen who have thought
it their duty to support jiis view of the admin-
istration of the Government, those very gentle-
men who have been loudest and grossest and
foulest in their abuse of the President of the
United States.
I am not going now to bring into the Senate
of the United States matters of a private char-
acter, where the parties who have been guilty of
uttering this language cannot have an opportu-
nity of defending themselves j but I will select
a gentleman who has been appointed to one
of the most important and entirely the most
lucrative office in the State of West Virginia,
who has spread his views at large, who is the
editor of a paper, and in his own paper has
published to the world his views of the Presi-
dent of the United States, and I will avail my-
self of this opportunity to show to the Senator
from Pennsylvania that the President of the
United States in selecting men to office has been
actuated by no such motives as those to which
he refers. I shall read extracts from the paper
of the gentleman to whom I allude, a gentle-
man appointed to the most lucrative office in the
State of West Virginia, and here they are.
Mr. COWAN. - What is his name and what
is his office?
Mr. WILLEY. His name is Long, and he
is postmaster of the city of Wheeling, and he
is the editor of a paper published in Wheeling
called the Register. He is a gentleman who
had, as I have understood, some experience in
a certain institution in Wheeling known by the
name of the Atheneum during the war. In
his paper of the 13th of March, 1865, he pub-
lished as follows:
" It is Aid that Mr. Thaddecs Stevens, the Re-
publican leader in the House of Representatives, de-
clared i aat if the House had been in session he would
have moved for the impeachment of Johnson. But
Johrson is comparatively .guiltless. The party lead-
ers who nominated him and who advocated his elec-
timi, knowing his habits and his character, are the
parties who ought to be impeached before the august
tribunal of the American people. A gentleman when
sober never becomes a thorough ruffian when in his
cups. Johnson drunk is but Johnson sober with
the mask on; at heart a boastful, low-bred, time-serv-
ing braggart; a brutal, tyrannical pimp of power.
Those who brought disgrace upon the nation by
placing him in the position—not Johnson—must be
held responsible before the world."
Again, in the same paper, on the 14th of
March, 1865, he said:
" Andy illustrates in the quality of his brain and
its brilliancy, as lit up by the alcoholic contents of
his stomach, what an uncouth and unadulterated
statesman he is, and how strangely the machinery of
popular government may be worked when a drunken
man is chosen second engineer."
• I have a good deal " more of the same sort,"
but I confess that I have been disgusted in read-
ing thus much.
Mr. JOHNSON. Permit me to ask when
that appointment was made.
Mr. WILLEY. The appointment was made
sometime in August last, I think.
Mr. JOHNSON. Has it been confirmed
yet?
Mr. WILLEY. Not confirmed.
Mr. COWAN. What is the date of the
paper from which the honorable Senator has
read?
Mr. WILLEY. In giving the extracts I
gave the dates.
Mr. COWAN. I beg pardon but I did not
hear them.
Mr. WILLEY. I read extracts from the
Wheeling Kegister of March 13, 1865, and
March 14, 1865. Rather than read further
from it in the Senate, for I confess a loathing
and disgust to doing so, I will hand to the hon-
orable Senator, if he desires it, a great deal
" more of the same sort" which I have here.
Mr. COWAN. No, that is enough.
Mr. WILLEY. Now, sir, this man uttering
this language applies for this position and the
President of the United States appoints him to
it. I appeal, therefore, to the Senator from
Pennsylvania to say whether he is altogether
right when he urges that the President has been
influenced in making his appointments by a
desire to thrust from office men #ho have been
gross in their language of abuse toward the
President of the United States.
I do not pretend to say that there is any truth
in all these remarks which I have read from
this paper. Its editor occasionally pays his
respects to an individual much more humble
than the President of the United States, and in
terms and assertions of alleged facts which I
know to be wholly untrue. I am far from
wishing to be understood as saying that these
vile charges against the President are true. I
only mention them in reply to the suggestion
of the Senator from Pennsylvania yesterday,
that the President ought to turn from office
men who indulge in gross abuse of his person
or of his administration, and to show him that
he has rather exercised his power in appoint-
ing men to office who had indulged in such
language.
Mr. COWAN. If the Senator will allow me,
I say now what I said then: that if gentlemen
will make use of this kind of language toward
the President and assail him with epithets of
this kind, I think it is good cause for the re-
moval from office of'any person who does so;
and I think furthermore it would be a most
excellent cause why such a man should not be
appointed to office.
Mr. WILLEY. In both of which opinions
I concur with the Senator from Pennsylvania.
I believe that men in the discharge of their
duty as officers, when appointed by the Exec-
utive of the United States, should confine
themselves to the duties of their offices; and
if there were an amendment proposed to the
bill now before the Senate, prohibiting and
making it penal (if we are to travel out of the
general purpose to go into amendments of that
character) for men in office to indulge in par-
tisan warfare or to go beyond the regular dis-
charge of their duties, I should be inclined to
vote for it.
But, Mr. President, I am not so much dis-
posed, if disposed at all, to attach blame to
the President of the United States for making
this appointment. The President of the Uni-
ted States has doubtless been imposed upon.
He makes his appointments upon the repre-
sentations of others. The great fault which
the President of the United States committed
was in placing the patronage which he had in
his power to bestow in the hands of irrespon-
sible men in West Virginia who had an ax of
their own to grind. Two of those men who
now hold office in West Virginia, that have not
been removed, partisans of the President, had
much to do in procuring the appointments
of these men—one of them a late candidate
for Governor of West Virginia and another a
candidate for Congress, both overwhelmingly
beaten by the people of West Virginia at the
late election.
Sir, the people of West Virginia have always
had a warm affection and admiration for the
present President of the United States. It was
West Virginia that first nominated him to the
Vice Presidency, that first brought him ft) the
attention of the country for that office. Sim-
ilarly situated with himself and his compatriots
in Tennessee, a border State, suffering the
same evils, admiring his indomitable energy
and firmness, and relying upon his integrity
and loyalty, our people suggested him to the
people of the United States as a proper indi-
vidual to be elevated to the exalted position
of the second officer of the United States. But,
sir, in an evil hour he has yielded his ear to
evil counselors, and has literally carried into
fulfillment his threat at St. Louis, that he would
" kick " his former friends out of office; and he
has left but one single one of those opposed to
him in political views of his original friends
that elevated him to power in office from West
Virginia, and he holds a consulate at Hono-
lulu.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire, Mr. Pres-
ident, to make a single remark in this connec-
tion. In the State from which I come no
changes have been made by the President of
which I am advised except in a single instance,
where an Army officer who had been promoted
and had reached a colonelcy for his services
in the field was appointed by the President of
the United States m place of aperson removed
from office there. The President has I think
been careful to avoid personal questions, and
has not carried out fully the wishes of his
friends in this matter. I desired myself to see
some persons appointed in my own State; but
differing from the majority of the Senate, I
have not deemed it proper for me to commend
any one to office that I did not think should
meet with favor from the majority. Since I
have been here in a minority I have made no
recommendation for office that I did not think
deserved the favor of the majority. I believe,
however, there is but one instance in my State
where a removal has been made by the Pres1
ident and another person placed in office, and
in that case the person who was removed was
substituted by an officer who had been in the
field and done the Commonwealth good ser-
vice.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, in the re-
marks I made yesterday my intent was simply
to show that the action of the President was
represented in this Chamber in an exaggerated
form; that is, it was supposed to be much
more extensive and to embrace a much wider
scope than it really did. In illustration of that
I might have referred to the fact shown by
the report of the Postmaster General, that in
that Department alone there are over twenty-
three thousand appointments, and during the
past year of all that vast number of appointees
only a little over one thousand—about one
twenty-tliird of the whole number—have been
removed. It seems to me that almost at any
other time, on an occasion of any political
change whatever, this number of removals
would hardly have created remark.
I have nothing to say as to the language or
the libel, as I may call it, of the person whom
my honorable friend from West Virginia Bays
has been appointed postmaster at Wheeling.
If the case is as he states it I have no doubt
the President has been grossly deceived ; and
perhaps it was the province of my honorable
friend to prevent him from being so deceived.
But if we take into account the number of
these various appointments and the difficulty
there is in receiving correct information as
regards the applicants, we cannot be surprised
that the President, like everybody else, should
be deceived, and deceived very often. I con-
fess, for my own part, that I have almost come
to the conclusion that I cannot determine any-
thing with regard to the character of an appli-
cant for office, and I have felt very much like
declining to have any opinion upon it what-
ever. You are met by a batch of gentlemen
one day, respectable people apparently, who
say that such a man is without stain or blem-
ish ; and the next day you are encountered by
another batch who say that such an appoint-
ment would be utterly destructive and fatal.
Mr. COX NESS. That is the misfortune of
your position.
Mr. COWAN. Allow me to congratulate
mv friend on his position; and I hope he will
never get out of it. I ftope he will never be
called upon to judge in a case of this kind.
Mr. CONNBSS. I hope not.
Mr. COWAN. I hope so for his own hap-
piness' sake, however ambitious he may be.
Mr. CON NESS. Not at all.
Mr. COWAN. But, Mr. President) weare
all sinners, and I suppose that is the first point
when a man seeks forgiveness and reconcilia-
tion, that he confess himself chief, among sin-
ners. I have no doubt that the very pioua
temperament which I know belongs to my
honorable friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,]
and also to my honorable friend from Iowa,
