1284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February'16,
introduced a bill relating to the Alexandria
canal, and also a bill establishing a hospital
in the District of Columbia for sick and dis-
abled colored people and others; which were
severally read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM B. TOOT.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the Committee for
.the District of Columbia, reported back House
bill No._ 1001, for the relief of William B.
Todd, with an amendment striking out pro-
vision for the payment of interest.
The amendment was agreed to, and the
. bill, as amended, was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
GREAT I ALLS ICE COMPANY.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, reported back Senate
bill No. G4, to incorporate the Great Palls Ice
Company of Washington, District of Columbia,
with a recommendation that it do pass.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill; but
before concluding the morning hour expired,
and the bill went over till Friday next.
Mr. DELANO. Some gentlemen here are
very anxious to have tip a bill that was placed
on the Private Calendar. I therefore move
that the Committee of the Whole be discharged
from the consideration of the same, and that
it be acted upon now,-
The SPEAKER. To-day after the morning
hour was assigned for the consideration of
reports from the Committee on Commerce.
Does the gentleman from Massachusetts yield
to the gentleman from Ohio ?
Mr. ELIOT. I must insist on the regular
order.
ADVERSE KHPOIt'i'S.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported adversely on Houso bill No.
430, to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to change the name of-certain vessols; and the
same was laid ou the table.
Also, on the petition of William Slamm, to
change the name of tho stoamer Circassia to
Abraham Lincoln ; which was laid on the
table.
Also, on the petition of tho Cincinnati and
Memphis Steam Packet Company; which was
laid on tho table.
Also, on the petition of Ilarvey T. Litchfield,
for the change of tho name of tho steamer
Emeline; which was laid on the table.
JAMES G, SMITH.
Mr. ELIOT, from tho same committee, re-
ported the following joint resolution; which
was read a first and second time:
Jtcsnlvcd by the Km ate and House of RepreKentativee,
tSec., Hi at tho Secretary ofStato bo, mid ho is herebv,
authorized and dirocted to oauno to bo procured and
Presented to Captain Jamos (I. Smith, master of tho
brig Victoria, of Yarmouth, Nova Sootia, a gold
chronometer, in token of appreciation by the Qov-
ornmout of tiio United States of his humane and suc-
cessful efiorts in roscuing from denth tho matter,
ofliccrs, crew, and passengers oil board tho brigK. It.
letter, of Philadelphia, wrecked at sea on tho morn-
ing of January 22,18(57.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
I he latter motion was agreed to.
KEVEN'UE-COTTEa S1HJVICE.
Mr. EL 101, from the same committee,
reported back House bill No. 899, in relation
to the revenue-cutter service, with amend-
ments.
The bill appropriates as follows:
For the expenses of tho reveuuo-outter service
during tho last, half of the current fiscal year from
and alter the 31st day of December, 1866, #680,000
tor tho expenses of tho said service tor the fiscal
year ending Juno 30,1868, $1,^80,000.
To enable the Secretary of the- Treasury to pur-
chase, for the said revenue-cutter service, the steam-
tug D. A. Mills and the steam-tug Mosswood, g'28,000.
Fortbecons traction andecjuipmentof eight schoon-
ers for the said service, designed to take the pla«e of
the steam cutters heretofore authorized to be sold
under the act approved April 20,1866, $211,000; and
so much of the said act of April 20,1866, as author-
ized the proceeds of tbe sales of the said steam cut-
ters to be expended in the purchase or construction
of other vessels, is hereby repealed.
Mr. LE BLOND. I believe that is an appro
priation' bill.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. LE BLOND. Should it not go to the
Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. According to the usage
.of the House, when a day is assigned to a com-
mittee for reports, if there are any bills reported
containing appropriations they may be consid-
ered in Committee of the Whole on the same
day. If the gentleman prefers it the bill will
be considered in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ELIOT. Let it be considered as in
Committee of the Whole under the five-minute
rule.
_ No objection beiag made, it was so con-
sidered.
_Mr. ELIOT. I have no desire to say any-
thing on this bill, unless some gentleman pro-
poses to make an inquiry, except this: that it
does not call for the expenditure of one dollar
that would not bo expended if this bill should
not bo passed. The object of the bill is rather
to transfer to a different and distinct account
the whole of the expenses of the revennc-cut-
ter service, to take them from the present
account, which is mixed up with all the other
revenue customs. As the law now stands there
is annually appropriated a large amount of
money for the general collection of the rev-
enue customs, and in that amount all the
expenses of tho revenue-cutter service are
included.
This does not call for any additional appro
priation or any additional t'xpensc. Jt simply
provides a way by which 1 lie Secretary ot' the
Treasury may keep the accounts of the reve-
nue-cutler service distinct from the accounts
concerning customs generally. With the excep-
tion of tho two items in the bill for the pay-
ment of two steam tugs which the Secretary
of the Treasury has authority to purchase, and
which, in fact, he lias purchased, but for which
no appropriation has been made, and for one
other purpose, there is no money called for by
this hill that would not be wanted in the regu-
lar appropriation bill.
r ^ As the law now stands tho Secretary of the
Treasury has authority to sell certain steam
vessels which havo been built and used in the
revenue service; but he states that he cannot
sell those vessels until some arrangement is
made for the procurement of sailing vessels to
take their place. The law now requires that
all moneys derived from tho sale of these steam
vessels shall be applied to the purchase of sail-
ing vessels. This bill repeals that part of the
old law, and simply provides a mode of pay-
ment for the sailing vessels which the Secre-
retary is called upon to purchase.
Mr. PIKE. Let. the Clerk read the two
items to which the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Eliot] refers.
The Clerk read as follows:
To enablo the Secretary of the Treasury to pur-
chase lor tho said revenue-cutter service thesteam-
$28 000 and tho steam-tug Mosswood,
tor the construction and equipment of eight
schooners for tho said service, designed to take tho
placo of the stoam^biit.tois heretofore authorized to
be sold, by the.aetof April 20, 1866, $211,000; and so
much of the said act of April 20, 1866, as authorizes
the proceeds of tho sale of tho said steam cutters to
be expended in the purchase or construction of other
vessels is hereby repoaled.
Mr. PI KE. If I understand it there is an
appropriation of $211,000 to build eight
schooners.
Mr. ELIOT. That is so.
Mr. PIKE. Can the gentleman state what
is to be the character of these schooners ?
Mr. ELIOT. A law has already been passed
authorizing the sale of these steam vessels, the
mouey to be derived from the sale to be applied
to the procurement of sailing vessels. That'is
the law now.
Mr. PIKE. It is only within three or four
years that some six large steam cutters have
been built at a very great expense; I do not
know how much. But they are vessels of
some three or four hundred tons each, and
involving a very large expense. The machinery
of those vessels has been altered and arranged,
and they are now in capital working condition.
Now, here is a proposition to dispose of the
whole of them, and replace them with sailing
vessels ; so that we are to go back to the sys-
tem of sailing vessels which we had prior to
the introductory of their steam vessels. It
seems to me that the revenue-cutter service
should be performed by steam vessels. A
large portion of that service consists of res-
cuing vessels that are in stress Of weather on
our coasts ; that is shipwrecked vessels. For
that purpose steam vessels only are useful.
And for the detective service steam vessels are
certainly much better than ordinary vessels.
Now, I would inquire of the gentleman who
has charge of this bill, why it is that it is now
■proposed to go back again to sailing vessels ?
Mr. ELIOT. In reply to the inquiry of my
friend from Maine, [Mr. Pike,] I would say to
him that that has already been done ; Congress
has already required by law the sale of these
steam vessels. But the Secretary says that he
finds it would not subserve the interests of the
scrvice to sell those vessels until arrangements
are made to supply their places. And it has
been found by the experience of the Depart-
ment that these expensive steam vessels are
not calculated for the work required of them ;
they draw too much water, and cannot enter
the shallow waters where smugglers go. And
because of that it was determined some time
ago to sell those vessels, and the Secretary
was authorized to do so. This bill merely
authorizes the Secretary to procure sailing ves-
sels before these steam vessels are sold. And
then it is provided that the money to be
derived from the sale of the steam vessels,
instead of being applied as the law now directs,
to the purchase of sailing vessels, shall go into
the Treasury.
Mr. PIKE. I desire to say that I am in-
formed by one of the most intelligent men in
the revenue service that these steam vessels,
which at any rate are as good as new, are well
fitted to be changed into sailing vessels. If
the gentleman from Massachusetts knew who
was my informant he would not raise this ob-
jection. I suppose the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is familiar with the construction of
the Mahoning, the Ashuelot, and other vessels
of that class. Now, this gentlemen tells me
that it is very easy indeed, without one dollar's
expense to the Treasury, to convert these into
sailing vessels by taking out the machinery,
which can be disposed of for a larger sum than
is requisite to make the change.
I will state further that this whole matter
illustrates to rny mind the necessity of an
entire change in the management of this ser-
vice. This whole revenue-cutter service should,
in my view, be taken from its present position,
where it is under the control of some clerk in
the Treasury Department, who determines mat-
ters of this sort according to his own whims,
and apparently changes this service from steam
to sailing vessels and from sailing to steam
vessels according to his own caprice. This
service should be under the control of a board
of naval officers, or at any rate some expe-
rienced officers of the Light-House Board, so
that we might have some responsibility and
some uniformity' in relation to the manage-
ment of this service.
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Pike] does not present any reason why
this bill should not be passed. The objection
which he makes ought to have been made be-
fore we ordered those vessels to be sold. The
gentleman states that these immense steam ves-
sels can be converted into sailing vessels suit-
able for this service. Now, I know something
about this matter, and I take it upon myself to
