1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1285
say that the gentleman's informant ismistaken
wlieu he undertakes to state that these large
steamers, which were made for a certain pur-
pose, for which they were regarded as valuable
during the war, can be converted at no expense
into sailing vessels. The cheapest way to do
this work is to follow in the exact line marked
out in this bill. If there has been any wrong,
the wrong was in the beginning, and is "not to
be corrected by the criticisms -which my friend
from Maine makes now.
Mr. PIKE. The building of these vessels^
was a very good job, and I have no doubt that
the selling of them will also be a very good job.
Mr. ELIOT. Well, that is very easy to say.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed^to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on En-
rolled Biils, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill enti-
tled an act (S. No. 35) for the relief of Alexan-
der P. Pratt; when the Speaker signed the
same.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
and joint resolutions of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. E. No. 1053) granting an in-
creased pension to John J. Sohan;
An act (H. R. No. 043) to alter the places
of holding the circuit courts of the United
States for the Rhode Island district;
An act (H. R. No. 481) providing for the
punishment of certain crimes therein named
in the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 571) to regulate proceed-
ings before justices of the peace in the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 788) to establish and to
protect national cemeteries;
An act (H. R. No. 848) to amend an act
entitled ''An act to incorporate the National
Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphan Home," ap-
proved July 25, 1866;
An act (H. R. No. 903) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other pen-
sions of the United States for the year ending
June 80, 1868;
An act (H. R. No. 907) to amend the law of
the District of Columbia in relation to judicial
proceedings therein;
An act (H. R. No. 1044) for the relief of
John Gray, a revolutionary soldier;
An act (S. R. No! 1045) for the "relief of
Daniel Frederick Bakeman, a revolutionary
soldier;
An act (H. R. No. 1058) for the relief of the
children of Solomon Long under sixteen years
of age ;
Joint resolution (EL R. No. 173) for the
relief of Ober, Nanson & Co., merchants of
New York ; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 251) to extend
the time for codifying the laws relating to cus-
toms, authorized by the joint resolution ap-
proved July 26, 1806.
SEAMEN ON UNITED STATES VESSELS.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee^ on Com-
merce, reported back adversely a bill (S. No.
419) entitled "An act repealing an act entitled
' An aet repealing certain provisions of lawcon-
cerning seamen on board public and private
vessels of the United States,' approved June
28, 1864," and moved that the bill be laid on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
SOUTHERN LIGIIT-IIODSES.
Mr. DODGE, from the same committee,
reported a bill to authorize changes in the loca-
tion of lights and other aids to navigation on
the southern coasts of the United States;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill provides that in the reestablishment
of lights and other aids to navigation which
have been injured or destroyed on the southern
coasts of die United States, pursuant to an act
approved July 2, 1864, making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1865, and for other purposes,
the Light-House Board shall have power; with
the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury,
to make such changes in the location of said
lights or other aids to navigation as may be
made necessary by alteration of channels or
obstructions.
_ It further provides this shall not be con-
sidered as authorizing any expenditure of the-
public money beyond what has been appro-
priated for that purpose.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DODGE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARYLAND COLLECTION DISTRICTS.
Mr. ELIOT, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill No. 847, to change
certain collection districts in Maryland and
Virginia, with amendments.
The bdl provides in the first section that the
districts of Oxford and Vienna in the State of
Maryland be, and the same are hereby, abol-
ished, and the office of collector of both said
districts is hereby discontinued.
The second section provides, that the dis-
trict of Oxford, in said State, shall be annexed
to the district of Baltimore, and all that part
of the district of Vienna in said State bordering
on the sea-coast, and all the waters which flow
into the sea or bays on the east side of said
district of Vienna be, and the same are hereby,
annexed to the district of Cherry Stone, in the
State of Virginia; and that all the residue of
said district of Vienna be, and the same is
hereby, made a new district, to be called the
eastern district; and that the collector of said
eastern district shall receive an annual salary
of $1,200, and shall reside at Crislield, which
shall be the port of entry for said new district.
The third section provides that the offices of
surveyor at Snow Hill and of deputy collector
at Annamasset be, and the same are hereby,
discontinued, and that the collector of the dis-
trict of Cherry Stone shall hereafter reside at
Accomac Court-House, which shall be the port
of entry for the district.
The fourth section provides that all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with this act are
hereby repealed.
The amendments of the committee were read,
as follows:
In section three, lino nine, after the word "Anna-
masset" insert the following: " and Deal's Island."
Strike out of section three the following words:
And that the collector of the district of Cherry
Stone shall hereafter reside at Accomac Court-IIouse,
which shall be the port of entry for the district.
Mr. PHELPS. Upon what report is the
bill founded?
Mr. ELIOT. This bill was passed upon by
the Senate, and after its passage the Committee
on Commerce in the House had an interview
with the Senator who was instrumental in its
passage in the Senate, and upon his statements
and also from information gathered^ at the
Treasury Department they were satisfied it
ought to pass with the amendments proposed.
I will yield to the gentleman from Maryland,
a member of the committee, who is more inti-
mate with the locality than I am.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. I will state for the
information of my colleague that the only
alteration this bill makes is in consolidating
some of the smaller ports on the Eastern
Shore of Maryland. It establishes a port of
entry at a place to which a new railroad has
been constructed through Delaware and Mary-
land, as well as abolishing the smaller ports
referred to. Mr. Sargent, the Comptroller
of the Customs, has written a letter recom-
mending that the change should be made as
beneficial to the Treasury Department.
Mr. PHELPS. I wish to inquire further
whether there are ajiy statistics going to show
that the entries at the ports which are proposed
to be abolished have been at all diminished
since they were originally established?
Mr. ELIOT. I have no statistics which I
can furnish for the information of the gentle-
man, but this question has received sufficient
examination on the part of the committee to
satisfy them that the condition of business there
does not require the keeping up of these ports,
and tliey have therefore recommended that they
be discontinued, thus saving this expense to
the Government.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IMPROVEMENTS IN VESSELS.
Mr ELIOT, from the same committee, re-
ported a joint resolution authorizing examin-
ations of improvements in vessels, and for
other purposes, in aid of navigation and for
protection of life and property at sea; which
was road a first and seconcr time.
The joint resolution authorizes the Secretary
of the Treasury to cause examinations to be
made of inventions and improvements in the
construction of boilers of vessels, machinery,
and other apparatus designed for the use on
board merchant vessels and intended to secure
greater security of life and property at sea. It
also appropriates $10,000 for the purpose
stated, directing the Secretary of the '1 reasury
to submit a report to Congress making recom-
mendations of appropriate legislation neces-
sary.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly road the third
time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PORT OF CAMDEN, NEW JERSEY-.
Mr. O'NEILL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back House bill No. 1062,
relative to the port of Camden, New Jersey,
with a recommendation that it do pass.
The bill annexes the port of Camden to the
collection district of Philadelphia; provides for
the appointment of an assistant collector, who
shall reside at Camden, but shall act in con-
formity to such instructions and regulations as
he shall from time to time receivc from the
collector at Philadelphia, and fixes Us com-
pensation at $1,500 per annum in lieu of all
commissions and fees.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read tho third time, and passed.
Mr. O'NEILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DIRECT IMPORTATIONS.
Mr. O'NEILL, from the same committee,
submitted an adverse report on the bill to
encou-rage commerce ana internal trade by
facilitating direct importations ; and thesarne
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
The report is as follows:
The Committee on Commerce, to whom was re-
ferred the bill "to encourage commerce and inter-
nal trade by facilitating direct importations, reports
that in its opinion there snou.J be no action upon
the important purposes sought to bo accomplished
