1867.
TSM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
521
the views of the majority of Congress honestly
entertained by them. That question having
arisen, and the Presidentof the United States
being charged with the duty to see that the
laws are executed, are yoa willing to deny to
him that which yon have claimed for every
Administration that went before him—the right
to put into the public offices of the country men
who sympathize with him and in whom he can
have entire confidence?
It is charged now as a wrong that he removes
one Republican from office and puts another
one in. I do not say that this is the case in all
instances, for there are instances of appoint-
ments to office of men who opposed his elec-
tion in 1864 j but they are very few compared
with the appointments that have been made.
The great body of appointments that have been
made are of men who supported the Lincoln
and Johnson ticket in 1864.
Then, sir, this bill proposes to deny to Mr.
Johnson as President of the United States that
which bag been conceded to every President
that went before him, to place in the offices of
the country, to aid him in the execution of the
laws, men who sympathize with Mm in his
views.
A very significant question was asked by the
Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan-] yes-
terday, To whom do the offices belong? He an-
swered it well in saying they belong to the law.
The man that is appointed is appointed simply
to execute the law, to discharge his duty under
the law. The office does not belong to him
except for the time during which he holds it;
hehas no patent by which he can hold it beyond
the will of the power that conferred it. But
suppose the propositions of Senators be cor-
rect, that the offices belong to the people, is
there nothing, then, due to the large minority
in this country? At the recent elections, in
October and November last, eighteen hundred
thousand voters of this country indorsed the
policy of the President; about twenty-two hun-
dred thousand indorsed the policy of Congress.
Out of the four million voters casting their
votes eighteen hundred thousand men at the
polls said they believed the President was> right.
Do Senators say that those eighteen hundred
thousand men, representing nine million of
the people of this country outside of the seced-
ing States—do Senators say that that large
portion of our population have no rights in the
offices of the country; that it is a wrong, for
which the President-shall be arraigned before
the judgment of the country if he does not
leave all the offices in the hands of men who
oppose his views? The President has thus far
not asked to aid him in the execution of the
laws a proportion of the officers of the coun-
try equal to the popular vote in his favor. He
tas asked for but one sixth; while of the voters
of the country there is nearly one half who
sustain him. In the great States of New York-,
Pennsylvania, and Indiana, giving a popular
vote of about one million, forty-four thousand
votes cover the majority. A change of forty-
four thousand in the enormous .vote of these
three great States would have thrown them in
favor of the President—three States that give
about seventy-two electoral votes. And yet
Senators say that if the Presidentof the United
States respects, in the little matter of appoint-
ments to office, this enormous sentiment , of
the country, he is to be charged with a wrong.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
honorable Senator from Indiana what propor-
tion of the one million eight hundred thousand
men to whom he refers voted and determined
in 1864 that the war for the Union was a
failure? ' ' •
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have not made any
calculation upon that subject; and, sir. I know
of no portion of the voters of the country who
voted that sentiment. I know of no expression
of that opinion. I know of a resolution, to
which I suppose the Senator means to refer,
declaring that thus far, up to a certain time,
the wax had proved a failure to restore the
Union. Eight months after that, in my judg-
ment, that resolution ought to have been proved
untrue, and the result of the war ought to have
proved that the Union was restored. But, sir,
the Union is not yet restored; and until the
Senator from Oregon is ready to bring all of
the States into their proper relations in the
Federal Union upon the basis of t£e Constitu-
tion, until he is ready to admit into the Senate
and House of Representatives loyal men who
are able to take the oath prescribed by law,
he cannot say that the restoration of the Union
is completed.
But, sir, I have spoken of the one million
eight hundred thousand men who at the late
elections voted in favor of the policy of the
President of the United States, to say the least
of it a very large minority; and when Senators
claim that the offices belong to the people, what
are the rights of this large minority?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to ask the
Senator from Indiana whether he means to
affirm that that question was involved in the
late controversy? I do not understand it to
have been involved at all in the States where
the majority preponderated. I do not under-
stand that the judgment of the people was passed
on the question to which he has referred.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think that in the late
elections the difference between the Congress
of the United States and the President of the
United States did make a very marked issue in
the contest, and upon that issue the majority
which I have mentioned went in favor of Con-
gress. I am now speaking of the large minority
that sustained the President. It is known that
upon that question ten of the States were not
allowed to express any opinion. In the States
that did at the ballot-box express their opinion
Congress received the majority which I have
mentioned. When you speak of the offices be-
longing to the people, let me ask what are the
rights of this minority of one million eight
hundred thousand men? It is not asked, and
has not been asked as a general proposition,
that the offices should be given to the men who
opposed the ejection of the present Chief Ma-
gistrate. It is simply asked that of the men who
voted for him in 1864 he should be allowed to
bring into office a reasonable number of those
who now support him and are in sympathy with
him. Is that unjust? Is it an unfair thing to
demand, so that the Senator from Massachu-
setts is authorized to denounce it as misconduct
on the part of the President ? Is a thing that
was so generally sustained by the majority party
in 1861 wrong in 1866? I do not understand
it so.
Why is it that the President of the United
States by public opinion has been sustained in
removing men and putting those in office who
sympathize with him? It is because in the
due execution of the laws he should have his
friends to aid him. That is the sentiment of the
eountrynpon that question; and now, if it has
devolved upon the present Chief Magistrate to
see that the laws are executed, why may he not
claim that for himself: why may not his friends
claim that for him which has been conceded to
every Administration that went before him ?
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question in that connection ? Does
the Senator mean to give his approbation to
the extraordinary language of the President in
which he announced his policy? I refer to the
declaration made in the speech at St. Louis
that he would "kick out"—that is the word,
as I have said before ; I put it in quotation
marks—kick out of office good Republicans,
and that he would return from St. Louis to
Washington and commence the work of kick-
ing out. I ask • if the Senator from Indiana,
who.is now \'indicating the conduct of the
President, means to vindicate that peculiar
enunciation of what he intended to do ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, the
question that the Senator from Massachusetts
suggests to me is a question of rhetoric. I can-
not say that I like the style that he attributes
to the President of the United States. I say
this: that the President of the United States,
by the judgmentofthe country in former Admin-
istrations, has been sustained in removing from
office men opposed to his policy and placing in
office men in sympathy with him: but we always
express that by the pleasing term of " removal
from office." To " kick" aman "out" is but
to express the same thought in other language,
not quite so agreeable. I havedoubted whether
fie President used that language at all ; and
after the Senator had concluded his speech, so
strong were my doubts upon the question of
fact that I went to him in his seat and asked
bim if he knew certainly that the President had
used any sueh language; ■ he said he thought
that he had; that & thought lie had seen it in
the newspapers.
Mr. SUMNER. I was sure of it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was unfortunate in
not reading that speech, perhaps. I read some
Of the speeches, but I did not know that I was
obliged to read all the speeches the President
made on his trip to Chicago, [laughter,] and it
may be that I omitted to read that speech. I
will not say that the President did not make
the remark, for I cannot say that; but I have
not met with it, and was surprised when the
Senator from Massachusetts charged it upon
him.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me a word in
this connection ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Well.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has undertaken to state what the
President of the United States has said while
being President without giving exact refer-
ences or an opportunity to ascertain whether it .
was really said or not. I say as a matter of
order, of privilege if you please, that he is
bound to state his authority. That is the law
of the Senate, and has been from time'immo-
morial. He does not furnish the day or date
or paper even.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator from
Massachusetts were to throw upon me the de-
cision of the question I do not think I should
say that the President ought to kick anybody
out of office, but I would say that it is due to
himself, due to the men who supported him,
due to the safe execution of the laws, that he
should place in a reasonable number of the
public offices men who sympathize with him;
and that was the judgment of the late Admin-
istration which the Senator Supported.
But now, when wo comc to understand the
facts, we find that only four hundred and fifty
out of two thousand four hundred and fifty or
about that number of office-holders have been
removed, leaving nearly two thousand men in
office opposed to the President or supposed to
be opposed to him, and he having called into
office only about four hundred and fifty of his
friends to support him. This the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts calls the "mis-
conduct" of the President. If the Senator
had confined his remark to the two cases which
have been referred to, where the President
after the adjournment of the Senate appointed
men who had been rcjccted by this body, I
should have no criticism to make upon his
argument. I think that when the judgment
of the Senate is expressed upon any nomina-
tion that judgment ought not to be reversed
by the Executive ; but as a question of law I
understand the President took the opinion of
the Attorney General, a very accomplished
gentleman, high in the profession to which he
belongs, an ornament to the western bar, an
ornament of which we are all proud; and the
present Attorney General, I understand, gave
it as his opinion that the action of the Senate
did not disqualify the party for an appointment
after the adjournment. I think it would have
been proper for the Attorney General to have
gone beyond the question of law and to have
said to the President that he owed it to the
judgment of the Senate not to appoint a man
who had been rejected for that particular office.
The legal right and the power of the President
under the Constitution to make those two ap-
pointments I believe has not been questioned
by any Senator.
On the question of propriety I agree with the
Senators who have expressed the opinion fhat
