522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January" 17,
such appointment ought not to Be made; and
if Senators wish to prevent them in tie future
and will present a resolution expressing the
sentiment of the Senate upon that question I
shallhaveno objection to vote for it and let
it be known as the opinion of the Senate that
a man once rejected by the Senate shall not
after the adjournment be appointed to that
office. I think he ought not to be; but cer-
tainly the facts stated by the Senator from
Pennsylvania on that particular question in
reference to the; appointment of the postmaster
at. St. Louis and the revenue officer at Phila-
delphia ought to be considered by the Senator
from Massachusetts before he passes a harsh
judgment upon the President even upon those
eases.
But this bill has very little relation to that
particular subject. It goes into the whole mat-
ter, and undertakes to regulate the exercise of
this constitutional power on the part of the
President from first to last. And now, without
referring to the justice and right of the thing,
I ask Senators if it is well, because there is a
difference of opinion between the President and
the Senate, that the Senate shall undertake to
take from the President any power which the
Constitution confers upon him 1 It is too late
now to question the power of the President on
the subject of removals from office. A uniform
practice of so many years does not leave it an
open question. It is a settled question, settled,
I believe, by every department of the Govern-
ment. It was settled, I think, by the legisla-
tive department at the first session of Con-
gress. It has been settled by the uniform
action of the executive department. I think
it has been settled also by the judiciary, by the
judgment of the Supreme Court upon a claim
made by the judges in one of the Territories
after they had been removed from office by
the President. I have not had occasion to
look to that case for some time, and I cannot
give the particular facts; but my impression of
the decision is that the Supreme Court decided
that after removal by the President the. parties
were not in office and could not claim their
6^1nn@s
Mr. EDMUNDS. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator if he refers to the case of the United States
vs. Guthrie, in 17 Howard; the Minnesota case?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I refer to the.case of
the Minnesota judges.
Mr. EDMUNDS. ■ In that case the court
declined as a body to express any opinion on
that point, and the only judge who did express
an opinion upon it held exactly the reverse of
what the Senator seems to suppose. The other
judges declined to pass on the question at all,
holding it in reserve, and turned the case on
the question of the propriety of issuing a writ
of mandamus to compel the payment of the
money. So that as far as we can get any light
from that decision that light is against the
power of the President.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Did the case come from
the court below?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, it was a proceeding
in this District on a petition for a mandamus
against the Secretary of the Treasury to com-
pel the payment of salary.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was not able to slate
the case exactly. The application was for the
salaries of the removed territorial judges, and
it resulted in their not getting their salaries.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, that is true.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And it resulted in the
persons who were appointed in their places
getting their salaries.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not by force of the de-
cision.
Mr._ HENDRICKS. I thought it had been
by a judgment of the court finally upon the
point.
This power, then, of the President to remove
and to appoint during the recess, in my judg-
ment, has been settled too long to justify us in
saying that it is an open question for any pur-
pose. The power being possessed by the Pres-
ident, I submit whether Congress can restrict
th^President in the exercise of the power.
We may fix the tenures of offices unquestion-
ably so far as they are under oar control. To
that part of the bill I should have no objection
—a bill for that purpose, confined to that pur-
pose ; but a bill that takes away from the Presi-
dent what ^ think to be a power conferred
upon him by the Constitution I cannot dream
of supporting. Suppose, the question being an
original one, we should say that the President
does not have the power to remove, that he
does not have the power to create a vacancy
during the recess: I submit to the Senator
from Vermont as a lawyer whether upon a
constitutional question he allows no force pre-
cedent, to the uniform practice of the Govern-
ment, whether after seventy odd years of usage
upon this subject, after a very full expression
of the legislative opinion upon the subject, it
be now an open question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will not make any ex-
tended answer to the question of my friend at
this moment, but will only assure him that it is
capable of demonstration, as he will discover
presently, when we reach that question, that
everything which has been done by way of
practice, which is so much relied upon, has
been done by express authority of law; and I
have yet to learn that a practice may continue
long enough under authority of law to preclude
the law-making power from changing the law,
and therefore changing the practice.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator refers
to the Constitution as the law, I agree with
him ; but without reference to any particular
power expressed in the law to remove an
officer the President has exercised it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Every officer that has been
removed, so far as my understanding goes, has
been removed by force of the express authority
conferred upon the President to do it. It may
be true that the President may claim the exer-
cise of that power independent of the law; but
I take it, as long as the law-making power con-
fer the authority upon him they are not to be
concluded because he chooses to say that he
has got the power without, because we are not
committed as long as we authorize it to any
construction he may put upon the Constitution
himself.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What law does the Sen-
ator refer to ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I refer to any act under
which any Department has been created or
under which any officer has been appointed
from the beginning of this Government down
to this day; and I will produce the acts for the
benefit of my friend when we reach the point
of the debate where it properly belongs.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Upon the question of
fact I do not agree with the Senator by any
means; I do not admit that in all the laws
of this country creating offices provision is
made for the removal of the officer during the
term. I think that is quite impossible. If it
were just as stated by the Senator from Ver-
mont! would concede that the power being
exercised under express law, it would not be a
precedent as against Congress. That argument,
upon the establishment of the fact which he
supposes, I would concede; but the fact I do
not concede, and he will have to refer to a
good many laws I think to establish his prop-
osition. In some few instances I dare say such
a provision has been made.
But, Mr. President, going beyond that, are
we not admonished by the suggestions of our
wisest statesmen and by every important event
in our political history of our duty to avoid a
clash between the different, departments of the
Government? In ordinary and quiet times we
do not fear that one department of the Govern-
ment will attempt to invade the constitutional
powers and jurisdiction of another; but in times
such as the present the danger arises that one
department will undertake to interfere with the
exercise of the powers and the discharge of the
duties of another department. The executive
department cannot do very much in that respect.
All that the executive department can do is to
execute the laws. The judicial department can-
not invade either of the other departments. But
the legislative department originates law, makes
law, subject only to the veto of the President;
that is the department which is specially tempted
in times of high party excitement to invade the
provinces of the other departments. I submit
to Senators that this time is not to last forever,
the revolutionary sentiments of this day wili
pass away, and our country will be restored to
quiet again, to harmony again, when all the
people will sympathize in one common purpose
to promote the interests of the country and of the
Government, when all the States will be restored
to their proper relations. Then I think Sena-
tors will regret that in a time of party excite-
ment they allowed themselves to cast a vote or
to make a speech in favor of a measure that
invades the rightful constitutional province of
another department of the Government.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, it is a
matter of regret to every sincere citizen that
such a condition of relations should exist be-
tween the Executive and Congress as should
call for such legislation as is now proposed in
the Senate. I think that it can be said with
entire truthfulness that the responsibility for
such legislation does not lie at the doors of
Congress. One short year ago there were no
needs for such legislation; there was no exer-
cise of the executive power demanding it at
the hands of Congress; but in an evil moment,
under as I believe bad auspices if not cor-
rupted advice, the President of the United
States permitted himself to receive the sugges-
tions of men who could not rise above the
position of partisans and whose highest aim
was to build up a new political party in the
United States. And singularly enough the
chief engineers that took charge of the busi-
ness of the construction of the new party had
been prominent members of the then dominant
party in the United States—the party that had
led the country through four years of terrible
war—the party that had under all circum-
stances stood firm and true to the flag and the
national unity—the party that fought the open-
handed rebels of the South and the " Sons of
Liberty"' organized as cowardly cabals in the
free States of the North, and overcame them all.
Out of this party sprang the engineers of the
new political combination. I trust that it will
not be considered out of place if I deal a little
candidly for the few moments I shall speak
on the origin of this movement and the origi-
nators of it. How was it, sir? The Republi-
can or Union party of the United States was
considered as a tree in the forest that was the
proper object of disposition by these persons.
No less prominent a man in the country than
the distinguished Secretary of State pointed a
wedge at the trunk, while a great "political
leader from the State of New York took the
maul to drive it in and rive the tree. And, sir,
distinguished Senators that made themselves
leaders, and whom it is unnecessaryto mention
here, undertook the lopping off of the branches
and putting them into the market for immedi-
ate consumption, I think it ill becomes those
gentlemen to come forward at this point of
time, responsible as they are for all that has
taken place, and complain that we stand here
exercising the legitimate powers of this body
to hinder their carrying out of this plan that
they undertook.
The honorable Senator from Indiana re-
marked in the course of his spceeh that bat a
certain proportion of officers had been re
moved b.v the President by the advice of these
bad advisers. I ask him how many would
have been removed by their advice if the Pres-
ident would consent to the act, if the Senate
had not been known to stand between the
appointments and their confirmation.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I cannot answer a
question like that. I do not know whether
the action of the Senate prevented any remov-
als or not. The Senator can predicate what-
ever argument he pleases upon his proposi-
tion. I cannot answer a hypothetical case.
Mr. CONNESS. The honorable Senator
understands as well as I do that the work
would not have stopped with the number of
