1962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
of the United States or by his authority, and
to acts which have been done colore officii
under that authority. Thus far we surely have
the right to go, and there I am content.
Mr. NORTON. The Senator from Illinois
' certainly cannot be more anxious to accom-
plish the object he proposes to accomplish bv
this bill than I am, and I felt that the Senator
did not really understand the suggestion that I
made. I am entirely willing, as 1 said before,
to afford all protection that we can to persons
who have acted under these orders or procla-
mations ; but the difficulty in my mind grows
out of the first clause of that part of the bill
proposed to be stricken out. I will read it:
And no civil court of tho United States, or of any
State, or of the District of Columbia, or of any dis-
trict or Territury of tiio United States, shall have or
t;ike jurisdiction of or in any manner reverse any of
ttie proceedings hail or acu done as aforesaid.
These acts done were acts done by military
commissions, among others, and those pro-
ceedings this part of the bill proposes shall not
be reversed, and in order to prevent their re-
versal it provides that no court shall take juris-
diction of any suit or action or proceeding to
reverse the proceedings of a military commis-
sion. Now, suppose that a person in prison
under sentence of a military commission ap-
plies to a court or a judge for a writ of habeas
corpus to test the legality of his imprisonment;
the question I put to the Senator from Illinois
is whether that court under this provision
would not at once refuse the writ, giving effect
to this provision, because Congress had de-
prived the court of jurisdiction of a proceed-
ing or an action which should reverse proceed-
ings of that military commission ? The conse-
quence would be that the person imprisoned
would have no means of testing the legality of
his imprisonment, and he would have to serve
out that term of imprisonment imposed by the
military commission. I do not think we ought
to deprive persons who are serving their term I
of imprisonment under the sentence of a mili-
tary commission of all access to the courts to
determine the legality of their imprisonment.
That is the objection I make, if it be an objec-
tion which is well founded; but outside of that,
and in view of the purpose of the bill as stated
by the Senator from Illinois, I am willing to
go as far as he proposes to protect every per-
son from all civil or criminal liability by reason
of any acts done under any of those orders or
proclamations. The only difficulty in the way
of my supporting the bill is the doubt in my
mind as to whether this provision does not go
to the extent I have stated. If it be true that
the bill does not go to that extent I should vote
for it cheerfully.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that no
court has ever had authority to revise the pro-
ceedings of a court-martial and discharge the
person 
Mr. NORTON. This applies to military
commissions as well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Military<commissions are
just as legal as courts-martial, where they were
properly authorized. There has been no decis-
ion that you cannot try a person by military
commission. The decision was that a particu-
lar military commission in a certain State, under
the peculiar circumstances of that case, was not
authorized to try the party, but military com-
missions in the disloyal States have never been
pronounced to be illegal.
Mr. NORTON. There may be other mili-
tary commissions similarly circumstanced to
that which was decided to be illegal.
Mr. IRUMBULL. There may be, and I do
not suppose that this bill would prevent a court
from acting if the court believed that tho law
forbidding it to act was unconstitutional. That
would be a question for the court to decide;
but I suppose that this bill would prevent the
court from going behind the conviction, and I
think it ought.
Mr. NORTON. I assume that this bill is
constitutional, and that the courts will act upon
it as such.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall vote against this bill.
I think it is without the least authority on the
I part of Congress to pass it, and it is eminently
' impolitic, f think that this Congress is now
engaged in forging and has forged more weap-
ons for the subversion of the liberties of the
people of this country than nil the other pow-
ers that have ever existed in it. When the
scepter of power shall have changed from the
party now holding it and gone into the hands
of another, and that other and triumphant
party turns the precedents and principles
established by the present party upon it, it
will want no other authority for the perfect
subjugation and slavery of the present domi-
nant party.
This is a bill of indemnity as it is called.
There are various modes of indemnity. Wo
have two systems of government in our coun-
try ; the one is national and the other State.
For the violation of the national penal laws
the President of the United States is clothed
with the entire power of granting indemnity
either by special pardon or by a general proc-
lamation of indemnity. As to violations of
the penal laws of a State, there is no power
that can indemnify for such violations except
the Governor of the State where the violations
have taken place; and I deny utterly that Con-
gress can pass any law whatever that will ex-
empt a citizen of the United States from his
responsibility for a wrong and a trespass
against the laws of Congress or of a State.
! Such wrongs are in the nature of private
! wrongs ; they are not public offenses or crimes;
; and the power of the Executive of the United
States and of the States to grant pardon and
amnesty for these private trespasses and wrongs
does not exist.
Mr. President, an officer or a person in the
employment of the United States may commit
a crime against the laws of a State, and where
he does he becomes a criminal against the laws
I of that State, and neither the President of the
i United States nor Congress has any power
| whatever to exempt him from his liability as a
criminal against the laws of a State which he
has violated. When indemnity or pardon is
asked for an individual or for a class of per-
sons for having violated the laws of the United
States, the appropriate power for indemnity,
for pardon and amnesty for the violation of
penal laws is the President of the United
States. So, sir, in relation to violations of
the State laws there is no Federal authority,
congressional or executive, that can release
any individual whatever as a criminal against
State law. The authority to grant that pardon
belongs to the State Executive.
Congress has power to create courts ; that
power has been exercised. Congress has power
to vest, to increase, to withdraw the jurisdic-
tion of these courts; but Congress has no
power whatever over the jurisdiction of State
courts. It cannot vest any jurisdiction in State
courts; it cannot create any jurisdiction in
State courts; it cannot divest any jurisdiction
of State courts; such powers are exercised by
the State authorities under the constitutions
of the States without any regard to the powers
of Congress, and Congress has no power what-
ever to revise the investment of jurisdiction in
courts by the Legislatures of the States nor
the exercise of that jurisdiction by State courts.
The only indemnity which Congress can give
to a President even, or to any man acting un-
der the order or authority of a President, is in
the form I have stated. The President has
power to grant pardon for all violations of the
Federal laws; but he has no power whatever
to grant pardon for violations of State laws;
and Congress has no power to pass laws to
authorize him to exercise any such power; and
if it did pass such laws they, tested Dy the Con-
stitution, would be nugatory and void.
There is no power in the United States in
time of war or peace that can legitimately and
constitutionally try a civilian who is not in the
naval or military service of the United States,
or in the militia of a State in the actual ser-
vice of the United States, by a court-martial
or by a military commission? It is a usurpa-
tion, and a flagitious usurpation of power for
any military court to try a civilian; and if any
military court tries a civilian and sentences
him to death, and he is executed under the
sentence, the whole court aro nothing but mur-
derers, and they may be indicted in the State
courts where such military murders are perpe-
trated; and if tho laws were enforced firmly
and impartially every member of such a court
would be convicted, sentenced, and punished
as a murderer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. ^ I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Kentucky if he would be
willing to punish any of those men as mur-
derers who acted upon those courts under
orders.
Mr. DAVIS. I am arguing tho principle
and the power.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The object of this bill
is to protect such persons.
Mr. DAVIS. There are some that I would
be willing to try and execute as murderers, and
in regard to whom I should like to have it
done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would you try and
execute as a nfurderer a man who sat upon
the military commission here that tried the
assassins of tho President?
Mr. DAVI.S. I am not saying anything
about that. I am testing the principle of the
Constitution ; I am testing the powers of the
General Government; I am appealing to the
principles of the Constitution that protect the
liberties of this people.
I am not talking in the'interest of any party
or of any faction or for the protection of any
' party or any faction. I am speaking in the
name of the liberties of my countrymen against
present abuses of power and all future abuses
of power. I regard the constitutional liberties
, of this country as of inestimable value. I re-
gard the great principle of trial by jury of all
civilians, according to the course of the com-
mon law, as of inappreciable value to the peo-
ple, present and future, of the United States ;
and never would I sanction any violation, any
infraction of that right, or of the principles of
the Constitution which secure it to the people.
I have no objection to amnesty, to the oblivion
which the honorable Senator wishes to pass
over those acts which have taken place. In
my State, the Governor and Legislature of
Kentucky have both acted with a view to this
amnesty, this pacification and peace, and their
action receives my full approbation ; but I say
that when such acts are attempted and passed,
they ought to be by the appropriate constitu-
tional power.
I say in addition that this principle, this
precedent of trying a civilian by a military
court in times of war or peace, is a usurpation
of power, and there is no constitutional sanc-
tion for it. I say that the principle of consti-
tutional law by which it is to be tested would
make eveiy man who is concerned in such
trials and sentences and their execution a mur-
derer. Such is the law of England. It has
been administered there ; it was administered
there sixty or seventy years in the case of Gov-
ernor Wall that has been so often cited. My
purpose in rising was not to express any dis-
sent from the oblivion, the amnesty, the peace
and forgiveness proposed. Everything of that
kind receives the sanction of my reason and
of my heart. But I do not want the Constitu-
tion and its great principles to be trampled
under foot in the forms of administering this
mercy. I think, Mr. President, that the only
indemnity that can be granted to these men,
outside of the laws of Congress and the courts,
is simply the power of Congress where they
are sued and are mulcted in fines and judg-
ments to appropriate the money necessary for
their indemnity. If there is anything 011 earth
that I worship, it is liberty according to law;
and of all the great principles that secure lib-
erty according to law there is nothing that
commands so much of my deep idolatry as
trial by jury, as the subjecting of civilians to
trial by civil courts and by juries alone. That
is the constitutional principle to which I give
in my adhesion, and which I will never cease
