1286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
by its provisions this session, and asks that it bo dis-
charged from its further consideration.
The bill, "with a petition from the Board of Trade
of Philadelphia, was introduced upon loavo of the
House by Son. Leonard Mtbes, Of Pennsylvania,
and subsequently a memorial from the Board of
Trade of Boston, urging the passage of tl^e bill, was
presented by Hon. A. H. Rice, of Massachusetts.
The committee fully realizes the great convenience
and facility that would be afforded to merchants and
business men in jpla-ces distant from the ports of
entry to which their importations would come should
this legislation foe granted, and only now is not
ready to act on! account of the want of time to prop-
erly examine it, and to consult wiUi great care and
deliberation with the Treasury Department. The
change desired by tho memorialists is radical, and
the bill proposes to make material modifications in
the customs regulations of the country. Always de-
siring to accommodate trade to the greatest degroe,
and at the same time to guard the proper collection
of duties for the benefit of the revenue, this report
is made, not in any way with a view of retarding the
passage of tho bill even temporarily. Many of tho
members of the committee look with great favor
upon its provisions, but think that in a matter of
such great magnitude, tho business men of the coun-
try and the Department under whoso supervision
this subject comes should havo amplo opportunity to
investigate itr so that tho experience of those to
whom it designs to give facilities in their importa-
tions and tho Government officials may bring their
experience and judgment to bear upon tho principles
involved, and thus aid the committee at no far dis-
tant day in suggesting to tbo Uouso a woll-maturcd
bill. CHARLES O'NEILL,
Sub-Committee of the Committee on Commerce.
naval coal depot.
Mr. O'NEILL, from the same committee,
reported adversely on Houso bill No. 1100, to
facilitate the establishment of a naval and
marine coal depot on the eastern shore of New
Jersey, and for dllier purposes; which was
laid on the table.
usury laws.
Mr. O'NEILL, from the same committee,
offered tho following resolution ; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing under
the law:
AVw/iv'/. That two thousand copies of tho memo-
rial of tho Philadelphia Board of Trade, praying for
the abolition of legal restrictions upon thoeommoroo
in money, witlt the report of a special eommittoo of
their oxocutivo eonnoil upon tho usury laws. May
21,18(10, and tho testimony submittod in said roport,
be punted for tho u o of tho llouao.
change of names OS vessels.
Mr. O'NETLL, from the same committee,
reported back, with an amendment, Senate
joint resolution No. 159, authorizing tho Sec-
retary of tho Treasury to permit tho owners
of the yacht Mayflower to change tho name of
the same to Sylva.
The amendment, which was to authorize a
register to be issued to the steam yacht G lance,
was agreed to. Tho (title was also amended
to correspond.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
read a third time; and was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. O'NEILL moved to rcconsidcr tho vote
by which tho bill was passed and tho title
amended; and also moved to lay tho motion to
reconsider on tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
light-houses.
Mr. LONG YEAR, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back House bill No. 11G6,
to authorize tho building of light-houses therein
mentioned, and for other purposes, with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute.
The substitute provides for the building by
contract of light-houses at the following points:
Trowbridge Point, Thunder Bay, Michigan;
Mendota, on Lake Superior, Michigan ; Santa
Cruz, California-, Braddockls Point, Georgia;
Cambahee banlt, Georgia; TybeeIsland Knojl,
Georgia ; and Morris Island, South Carolina.
Also for rebuilding the light-house at Deep-
wijter shoals, in James river, Virginia; for re-
building light-house tower and keeper's dwell-
ing at Saint Simons, Georgia; for rebuilding
Wolf Island beacon-lights and buildings con-
nected therewith, in the State of Georgia; for
rebuilding Sapelo Island light-house and bea-
cons, in the State of Georgia ; and for building
three light-house and buoy steam-tenders.
Jtfurlber provides that the light-house board
proceed to make a survey, or if a survey has
been made at Crossledge sboal, or at some
other point in the Delaware bay in the neigh-
borhood of said shoal, to report on said survey
to be made, or which has already been made,
-to the next Congress, upon the feasibility of
erecting thereon a permanent light-house, and
an estimate of the amount necessary to be
appropriated therefor.
It further provides that no contract shall be
made except after public advertisement for
proposals in such form and manner as to se-
cure general notice thereof; and the same shall
only be made with the lowest responsible bid-
der therefor, upon security deemed sufficient
in the judgment of the Secretary.
It further provides that from and after the
passage of this act the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be authorized and empowered to regulate
and fix the salaries of the respective keepers
of light-houses in such manner as he shall deem
just and proper; provided that the whole sum
shall not exceed an average of $600 to each
keeper.
The substitute was agreed to ; and the bill,
as amended, was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read tho third time, and passed.
Mr. LON.GYEAR moved to rcconsidcr the
vote by wliich the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
prevention 01' smuggling.
Mr. LONGYEAR, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill No. 005, to amend
tho twenty-lirst scction of an act entitled "An
act further to prevent smuggling, and for other
purposes," approved July 18, 1866, with an
amendment.
The amendment of (lie committee was to* add
the following proviso:
Provided, That tli is soetionshu II not apply, or bo hold
to apply, to anyoiiHO where tho said towing, in wliolo
or in part, isi within or upon foreign wateis: Jnd
provided further, That any foreign railroad company
or corporation, whoso road enters tho United States
by means of a forry or tug-boat, may own such boat,
and it shall be subject to no other or different restric-
tions or roKiilations in such employment than if
owned by citiaons of tho United States.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill,
as amended, was ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. LONGYEAR moved to reconsider the
vote by which tho bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
booth bay and st. george, maine.
Mr. LONGYEAR, from the same commit-
tee, also reported back House bill No. 1107,
to authorize entry and clearance of vessels at
the ports of Booth bay and St. George, Maine,
with a recommendation that the same do pass.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LONGYEAR moved to reconsider the
vote by which tho bill was passed; and also
moved that tho motion to reconsider be laid
on the table. '
The latter motion was agreed to.
fort gratiot reserve, michigan.
Mr. LONGYEAR, from the same commit-
tee, also reported back llousc bill No. 007, to
amend an act granting the right of way over
the military reserve at Fort Gratiot, Michigan,
with a recommendation that the same do pass.
The bill provides for amending the original
act by inserting in the proviso after the word
"wood" the words "or fire-proof;" so that
it shall read:
That all buildings to he erected upon said reserva-
tion shall be of wood or fire-proof.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
road a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LONGYEAR moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
national bureau op insurance.
On motion of Mr. LONGYEAR, the Com-
mittee on Commerce were discharged from the
further consideration of sundry petitions for
the establishment of a national bureau of insur-
ance ; and the same were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
winona and sr. peter's railroad.
Mr. DODGE, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back Senate bill No. 494, for
the relief of the Winona and St. Peter's Rail-
foad Company, with a recommendation that
the same do pass.
The bill was read. It provides for refund-
ing to the company the sum of $3,424 28 in
gold, being the amount of additional duties
paid by it on railroad iron under the joint
resolution approved April 29, 1864, increasing
temporarily duties on imports.
Mr. ROSS. I would like to hear some rea-
son for passing this bill.
Mr. DODGE, This bill has been carefully
examined by the Committee on Commerce.
Tho facts in the case are these: this company
purchased and shipped from New York five
hundred tons of railroad iron, expecting that
it would reach Milwaukee in time to be en-
tered at the rate of $22 50 per ton. During
its transit Congress passed a law for a tempo-
rary increase of the duties at the rate of fifty
cents per hundred pounds. This iron was
caught in the ice, and did not arrive at Mil-
waukee until after the new law went into force.
After a careful examination of the case the
committee have thought it proper that the
company should be allowed to enter that iron
at the rate of duty in force at the time it was
shipped from New York.
Mr. LB BLOND. This seems to be a prop-
osition to make Congress an insurance com-
pany against accidents.
Mr. DODGE. Not at all.
Mr. LE BLOND. That is a risk which the
company took, and which all shippers take;
and I seo no reason for an exception being
made in this case.
Mr. DODGE. This iron was imported under
the old rate of duty, and while in transit it was
overtaken by this act of Congress temporarily
increasing the duties.
Mr. DONNELLY. I understand that this
iron was imported into the country under the
old law. The increase of duty accrued npon
it simply by what maybe called the act of God
—the detention of the iron on its way to Mil-
waukee in consequence of the lake freezing.
The iron was actually in the country while tho
old law was still in operation, and I think it
but an act of justice that this money should be
returned to the company.
Mr. ROSS. What the gentleman has stated
only shows that the Almighty is on the side of
the Government instead of on the side of the
railroad companies, and I think we ought to
take advantage of it. [Laughter.]
Mr. DODGE. I call the previous question.
Mr. ROSS. Will the gentleman yield tome
to make a motion to refer this bill to the Com-
mittee of Claims?
Mr. DODGE. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. BAKER. If the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Dodgk] will not yield for that pur-
pose, then I move to lay the bill on the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion would not
now be in order, because the gentleman from
Now York is entitled to the floor. As soon as
he yields the floor that motion will be in order.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman allow me a
moment?
Mr. DODGE. For what purpose ?
Mr. PIKE. I desire to offer an amendment
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
afford relief in other cases of a similar charac-
ter. I know of one instance where a vessel
was obliged to put back under stress of weather
and had to repair, iu consequence of which it
