1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1287
did not arrive in this countryuntilashort time
after the new law went into operation. Now,
it appears to me that it would be but right to
allow the Secretary to do justice in such cases.
Mr. DODGE. I think that this is a very-
peculiar case and a very meritorious one, and
'I therefore must insist upon my call for the
previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. "With the consent of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Dodge,] I
desire to Sly a word on this subject. Several
years ago, when I was on the Committee of
Ways and Means, a question of this kind came
before us. We found that there were very
numerous cases of this kind, in which ship-
ments had been made under the old law ; but
by reason of stress of weather or some other
.circumstances had been prevented from get-
ting into port before the new law went into
operation. We then decided that the parties
in these cases had taken their chances and
must bear the consequences. It was found
that if we allowed all such claims the amount
drawn from the Treasury would be enormous;
and we did not see why any single claim should
be paid unless all were paid. I think this ques-
tion should not now be opened. The passage'
of this bill would contravene a rule which, as
I understand, this House has already adopted
and practiced.
Mr. DODGE. As I understand the facts of
this case, this iron came into the port of New
York under the old duty, and was allowed to
be shipped from there in bond, with the privi-
lege of paying the duty when it arrived at its
destination. While in transit the iron was
delayed by the freezing of the lake. Mean-
while the new duty went into operation and
was imposed on this iron. This bill is to
refund the additional duty thus paid.
Mr. BROMWELL. I desire to inquire
whether these parties would not have received
all the benefits of the risk If they had been
successful in getting the iron to its destination
in time?
Mr. EGGLESTON. The difficulty was that
they allowed the lake to freeze up. [Laughter. ]
Mr. DONNELLY. As there seems to be
no written report on this case from, the com-
mittee of this House, I call for the reading of
the report made by the Senate committee.
The Clerk read as follows:
The Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the memorial of the Winona and Saint Peter a Ka.il-
road Company, an incorporation of the btate 01
Minnesota, have had the same under consideration,
and find that this company imported m the fall ot
1863 five hundred tons of railroad iron, which was
landed in New York and shipped for Milwaukee,
under bond to pay the duty then imposed by law
within sixty days, the time allowed tor its transit,
By the usual course of navigation it should have
arrived at Milwaukee that fall;, but, by the
closing of navigation, it was detained at Oswego, it
seems, from the papers on file, that
made various efforts to pay the duty, both at lMil~
waukee and New York i but the collector at each
port refused to receive the duties while the iron was
in transitu. The duty was then $13 50 per ton. buh-
Fequently, by the joint resolution of April a), 18b4,
duties on imported goods were increased titty per
cent, for sixty days, thus imposing a duty on this
iron of $21 25 per ton, while by the general tarift act,
which took effect July 1, 1864, the duty on railroad
iron was sixty cent3 per hundred pounds, or 3>ls «
per ton. The iron arrived at Milwaukee on the
of June, 1864, and, in addition to the duty imposed
by law when the iron arrived in New York, there
was imposed an additional duty under the joint reso-
lution of the^sum of S3,424 20, which sum was paid
by the petitioners under protest. .,. .
Your committee are of opinion that the additional
duty provided for by the joint resolution of April J ,
1864, was not applicable to goods actually in transitu
within the United States and under bonds provicfmg
for the payment of the specific rate of duty then
imposed by law. Atall events,your committee think
it inequitable upon the facts stated to exact the
increased duty when the importation was complete
before the passage of the joint resolution, and when
parties interested had tendered the duties imposed
by law and were guilty of no laches.
' Your committee, therefore, recommend the pas-
sage of the following bill.
Mr. DODGE. The House will have observed
from the reading of the report that this case
is not at all analogous to the cases referred to
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [.Mr.
Stevens.] This iron actually arrived at the
port of New York when the duty was $13 50
per ton During its transit to Milwaukee the
duty was increased to $21 25 per ton; and
consequently when it arrived at its destination
it was obliged to pay the increased duty.
Hence this proposition for relief. I insist on
the previous question.
On seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion, there were—ayes 52, noes 29; no quorum
voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Messrs. Dodge and
Ross.
Mr. DODGE. I will not press this bill to
a final vote now, but, as the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ross] desires to move the refer-
ence of the bill to the Committee of Claims,
I will permit him to make that motion.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS IN NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. DODGE, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill No. 399, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read in extenso.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DODGE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PETER CLARK AND GEORGE MACKAY.
Mr. DODGE, from the same committee,
reported back the petition of Peter Clark and
George Mackay, to transfer to them on suitable
terms Governor's Island, in the harbor of New
York ; and the same was laid upon the table.
river and iia11ror bill.
Mr. EGGLESTON reported back House bill
No. 1154, making appropriations for the repair,
preservation, and completion of certain public
works heretofore commenced under the author-
ity of law, and for other purposes, with a sub-
stitute.
The substitute was read in extenso.
Mr. EGGLESTON. 1 will state for the in-
formation of the House that the substitute is
the same as the original bill, with the excep-
tion of improvements estimated for and recom-
mended by the proper Department.
I move to amend the bill on page C, after
line one hundred and eighteen, by inserting
the following:
For completing the improvement of the navigation
of Kennebec river, Maine, between Shepherds' Point
and Augusta, $30,000.
This comes under the same category as the
other improvements included in the substitute.
Estimates have been made for this work, and
it has been recommended by the War Depart-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EGGLESTON. Several gentlemen ask
me to yield to them to offer amendments, but
I am afraid if wc commence amending the bill
now we will have no bill at all which we can
get through the House.
• Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio whether or not under the provisions
of this bill the Secretary of War will have
authority to continue the surveys of the Illi-
nois river?
Mr. EGGLESTON. All the authority given
last year to survey the Illinois river is con-
tinue'd in this bill, but no authority is given to
the engineer department or to the Secretary
of War to survey the route of a canal from the
headwaters of the Illinois river. There is,
however, as 1 have already stated,_ provision
made for the survey of the Illinois river.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I ask thegen-
tleman from Ohio to yield to me for the pur-
pose of offering the following amendment: _
After line one hundred and forty-four, page 7, in-
Se'A-oitrw!°That the Secretary of War shall, before
expending the appropriations mode for the improve-
ments of navigation at the rapids of Mississippi at
Rock Island and the Dos Moines rapids, carefully
review the surveys and plans reported, and cause
the works to bo done at the place and m the manner
demanded in his discretion by the public interests.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I would not like to
yield for the purpose of having any of these
amendments offered, as I think they are all
dangerous to the passage of the bill. I will
say, however, in regard to this amendment,
that what the gentleman wants is now substan-
tially in the bill. It does not provide that the
Secretary of War shall have it made on the
Iowa side of the river. It appropriates for the
improvement of the Des Moines rapids. If
you can satisfy the Secretary of War that the
other side of the rives.is best, he has power to
so make the canal. I decline to let the amend-
ment be offered.
Mr. ROSS. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to allow me to move an appropriation
of $100,000 for the improvement of the Illinois
river.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I cannot do it. I will
only say that one third of the entire appropria-
tions in this bill are for the improvement of
the waters of the State of Illinois. The com-
mittee have carefully investigated this matter,
and I think it best to take the bill as it came
from the committee.
Mr. STEVENS. How much is contained in
the bill?
Mr. EGGLESTON. About four million
eight hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. MILLER. Will the gentleman yield to
allow me to offer an amendment?
Mr. EGGLESTON. I will hear it read.
Mr. MILLER. 1 wish to move to insert the
following as an additional section, and I will
only say that it passed tin* House of Repre-
sentatives in July, I860:
And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of
War be, and is hereby,'authorized and required
to cause a survey to bo made, by competent, engi-
neers, of theSusauehannarivcrfromthc Chesapeake
bay to the southern liuo of tho State of Now York,
and also a survey from tho said lino to Lalco On-
tario, with a view to ascertain thepracticabihty of a
communication by steamboats from the Chesapeake
bay to said lake, and to report accordingly; and
also, if any part of said route is deemed practicable,
then to cause to bo mado ail estimate of the probable
costs of the work and report tho same. And also
examino and report whether the west branch of tlio
Susquehanna river, or any part of it, can bo mado
practicable for steamboat navigation.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I cannot yield for that
to come in. It contemplates a ship-canal from
the Susquehanna river to Lake Ontario, which
will run through one of the spurs of the Alle-
ghany mountains.
Now, I want to make one statement for the
benefit of those who think this appropriation
is very large, and that is that every dollar
which is asked for is recommended by the
War Department, and the engineer has been
very careful and minute in his estimates.
There is nothing in it made up by members
of Congress or any committee or company,
but it is all upon the authority of the Secretary
of War and the engineers of the War Depart-
ment. I believe it is better for us to take the
bill as it now is, and I will therefore call the
previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD. Allow mo to ask if the
bill makes any change in the appropriation
for the harbors on Lake Erie ?
Mr. EGGLESTON. There is no change.
Ohio ia all right, and so are all the other States.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DEMING. Will the gentleman allow
me to- ask if tho committee have taken into
consideration a bill which I introduced for the
improvement of the navigation ot the Connec-
ticut river? II not, I would esteem it a great
favor if I can be permitted to introduce it as an
amendment.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I certainly have never
seen it; I do not think it has been before
the committee. I demand the previous ques-
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and an dor the operation
thereof the substitute was agreed to, and the
bill, as amended, was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I call the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
