>1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1963
to support. I want every mercy, every jus-
tice, every liberality extended toward the par-
ties that have been engaged in this war, but I
want it done by the appropriate authorities,
State and Federal, and I do not want the Con-
gress of the United States to usurp powers
even to do this act of forgiveness and mercy.
It has been amply done in my State with re-
gard to all our people and all our citizens, and
I approve of it; and instead of Congress pass-
ing this measure, a good portion of it and of
the effects that it is intended to have ought to
be given over to the States, in my judgment.
Mr. B UCKALE W. I believe there are very
extensive provisions already made by law for
the protection of officers of the United States
and of citizens who have assisted them in all
cases where they have executed the orders of
the President of the United States, or have
performed any legal duty under the laws of
the country. I do not, therefore, understand
why this measure is introduced. In the de-
bate, so far as the affirmative is concerned, the
argument has been exclusively upon the con-
dition of things existing in the States which
were in insurrection, and it is alleged that this
measure is to afford further additional security
to loyal men in that portion of the Union
against the actions which may be instituted
against them by persons who were opposed to
the Government in the late war. But, sir,
the bill itself has no such restricted operation.
It is general in its provisions and applicable to
all parts of the country, North and West as
well as South.
Mr. President, there is an inconvenience
attending the consideration of this bill. It is
introduced for actual consideration on the last
day of the present session when we are crowded
with other engagements, and when it is impos-
sible to investigate carefully and critically the
propositions which it contains, and to examine
the former legislation upon this subject with
care and with exactness. But, sir, the debate
so far as it has progressed has exhibited to us
several salient points which cannot escape
attention. In the first place, the motion of the
Senator from Maryland covers the latter por-
tion of the bill, and can be considered dis-
tinctly from the other portions of the bill and
the former laws. This bill forthe first time, as
I understand, in our history forbids the courts
of the country to look into or investigate a case
introduced or brought before them by a citi-
zen. We may have had some such measures
during the war within portions of the country
and with reference to military operations ; but
I believe it has never been proposed to place
upon the statute-book of the United States a
law forbidding our courts and forbidding all
courts in the country from taking, cognizance
of a case brought regularly before them in the
usual and accustomed manner by a citizen. I
may be mistaken upon this point, but I believe
I state the fact correctly. Whether it be an
unexampled provision or not, it is one, in my
judgment, objectionable in the highest degree,
one which ought not to receive the sanction
either of the Senate or of the people of this
country.
By the law of the 11th of May, 1866, very
large and extensive provisions were placed
upon the statute-book with reference to this
general subject. That law provided that in case
of any prosecution or action for any arrest,
imprisonment, or other proceeding to the injury
of the citizen, a defense that the act done or
committed was under an order of the President
of the United States or by his authority should
be a sufficient defense. Nay, sir, that law went
so far as to provide that even verbal authority
from the President, directly or through any
head of a Department, or other official author-
ized by him, should be sufficient upon the de-
fense. Certainly that was a very remarkable
and a very extensive provision for the protec-
tion of the class of persons covered by the law.
I need not referto other provisions contained
in that and in other laws which are likewise
very extensive and protective in their charac-
ter ; but that law did not close the doors of the
courts. That law left them wide open to the
citizen. He could go into court, but he would
be deterred from going (although he had the
liberty of approach) in any case where public
authority had in due form sanctioned the pro-
ceedingagainst him. Even parole authority was
made sufficient to the vindication of the officer
and all who assisted him.
What more did we do by former laws? I
believe there are two or three statutes on the
subject. We have provided that where a suit
is instituted in a State court in any part of the
country it may be removed into the courts of
the United States. We have most extensive
and most stringent provisions drawing within
the jurisdiction of the Federal courts and within
the protection of the United States laws all
cases whatsoever arising under military juris-
diction or under alleged authority, military or
civil, proceeding from the United States. Now,
what more can be asked for the protection of
all those who have served the Government
either in a military or in a civil capacity, either
as officers or citizens, in any possible case
which has arisen or can arise? Sir, I am op-
posed to closing the courts of the country; I
am opposed to a flat, open, shameless denial
of justice to the citizen; I am opposed to closing
the mouth of any complainant in any part of
the country who in a regular, orderly, peaceful,
and lawful manner approaches any tribunal of
justice demanding an investigation of a com-
plaint which he has to prefer against either
officer or citizen. Is it not sufficient when
with all your power you arm your officer and
the citizen who has assisted him with the right
of defense in a regular, in a legal, in a usual,
and ordinary manner?
Besides, sir, if there should be some omis-
sion in former laws, we might adopt new pro-
visions hereafter;'or if some officer or citizen
of merit who has acted bona fide should hap-
pen to be cast in damages in the performance
of a duty, which we think was laudable or
which was innocent, under color or pretense of
authority, we may step forward and rescue
him. I do not know that any such case can
arise under existing laws, but if it should We
could indemnify the officer upon the ordinary
and usual principle which has prevailed in
other countries as well as this. The present
bill, however, which proposes to close the
courts of justice and forbid the citizen to ap-
proach a tribunal where the laws will be ad-
ministered, ought at least to stand condemned
and be rejected.
Mr. President, there were in the adhering
States—by which I mean the States that were
represented in Congress during the war, that
participated in the legislative department of
the Government by their Senators and Repre-
sentatives—there were in the adhering States
during the war, and even since the war to some
extent, cases of gross outrage and of injustice
committed upon the citizen, and that, too, under
pretense of Federal authority where there was
no authority in point of fact. This bill con-
tains a provision which is justly odious, justly
obnoxious to censure, if not to contempt.
It is that persons who have been aggrieved,
really and truly aggrieved, who have been op-
pressed, who have not only been insulted, but
oppressed, ..plundered, or imprisoned without
any legitimate authority, without any good
cause whatever, shall, when they come into
court with their cases, be obliged to prove a
negative. Why, sir, what a monstrous propo-
sition that is; how much opposed to all ideas
of justice ; how flatly it contradicts a legal prin-
ciple which is not only found in the common
law, but recognized by statute law both in this
country and abroad. How is it possible for
the party who comes into court to prove that
an officer who has oppressed him nad no au-
thority? Written authority is sufficient; parole
authority is sufficient under the law. How
can he prove a negative? The thing is Bimply
impossible ; and yet that is one of the provis-
ions of the bill, and it is included, I believe,
in that portion which the Senator from Mary-
land proposes to strike out.
_ The bill provides that where an officer or a
citizen who assisted him has committed an
illegal act, an act of outrage, of oppression,
and of wrong upon the citizen, the presump-
tion shall be that all that was done was author-
ized, and the opposite party is required in the
first instance to prove what is impossible, to
wit: that he had no authority for the proceed-
ing which is complained of or objected to.
Both these points of which I have spoken are
covered by the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland—the closing of the courts in a large
mass of cases, and then where they are open,
throwing upon the party who complains of an
injury the burden of proving that the person
against whom he complains had no authority
for doing the act or thing for the committing
of which the suit is instituted.
I shall go no further into this debate than I
have already gone—the statement of consid-
erations applicable to the amendment which
has been proposed. If time permitted, if we
] had the leisure to look into the existing laws,
I to scan carefully the provisions of this bill, it
i might perhaps be profitable to enter more fully
I into the debate ; it might be advantageous to
\ search very carefully into the various clauses
i of this bill for the intention with which it is
! proposed, for the object in view in its enact-
ment. As at present advised, I can see no
good reason for the passage of any such bill,
while I see strong, powerful, insuperable ob-
jections, at all events, to that portion of it which
is covered by the motion to strike out, sub-
mitted by the Senator from Maryland.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland; upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Davis, Hen-
dricks, Johnson, McDougall, Nesmith, Norton, and
Saulsbury—9,
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conness, Cra-
gin, Dixon, Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster, Fowler,
Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Henderson, Howard, Howe,
Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan, Morrill, Nye, Patterson,
Ramsey.Ross, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull,
Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cattell, Creswell, Doo-
little, Fogg, Guthrie, Harris, Poland, Pomeroy, Rid-
dle, Sprague, Van "Winkle, and Wade—13.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. NORTON. I move to amend the bill
by striking out in the twenty-ninth line the
words "or in any manner reverse any of the
proceedings had or," and to insert "any civil
action, suit, or proceeding founded upon any
such," so as to make the provision read that
no civil court " shall have or take jurisdiction
of any civil action, suit, or proceeding founded
upon any such acts done as aforesaid.''
I will state that my object in moving this
amendment is to relieve the bill from any doubt
as to the jurisdiction of the courts to test the
regularity of the sentences as judgments of
military commissions, and of affording full pro-
tection to the persons against whom civil suits
may be instituted for the recovery of damages
by reason of any acts done under these orders
or proclamations. I ask for the yeas and nays
on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 29 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Davis, Hend-
ricks, Johnson, McDougall, Nesmith, Norton, and
Saulsbury—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conness, Cra-
gin, Dixon, Edmunds, Foster, Fowler, Frelinghuy-
sen, Grimes, Henderson, Howard, Ilowe, Kirkwood,
Morrill, Nye, Patterson, Ross, Sherman, Sprague,
Stewart^Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade,
Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cattell, Creswell, I>oo-
little, Fessenden, Fogg, Guthrie, Harris, Lane, Mor-
gan, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, and Riddle—14.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. Before the vote is
taken on this bill, I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Illinois, who has charge of it. it the
effect of it would be to prevent the conrts Irom
releasing qj>on a writ of hdbtas corpus persons
occupying the position of Bowles and Million,
i whose cases were receotly decided in tlu' >u-
