THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
The previous question was,seconded and the
main question ordered.
. Mr. BOSS. I demand the yeas and nays on
the passage.
On ordering fhe yeas and nays there were—
ayes twelve. •
Mr. ROSS. Tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused—ayes thirteen.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill, as amended, was then passed.
Mr, EGGLBSTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill, was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
'PRESIDENTIAL VACANCY.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I call up the motion to
reconsider the vote of the House by which
Ilouse bill No. 2, to amend the act declaring
the officer who shall act as President of the
United States in ease of vacancies in the office
both of Presidentand Vice President, approved
March 1, 1792, with the amendments, was
recommitted to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
The bill was read. It provides that in case
of removal, death, resignation, or inability both
of tho President and Vice President of the Uni-
ted States, the President of the Senate pro
tempore, and in case there shall be no Presi-
dent of the Senate, then the Speaker of the
House of Representatives for the time being,
and in case tl.ere shall be no Speaker of the
House of Representatives, then the Chief Jus-
tice of the Supreme Court of the United States,
and incase there shall be no Chief Justice, then
this justice of tho Supreme Court of the United
State:! who shall have been the longest com-
missioned, shall act as President of the Uni-
ted States until the disability bo removed or
a Piosident shall bo elected.
The question was upon the motion to recon-
sider ; and being taken, it was agreed to.
The question recurred upon tho motion to
recommit the bill and pending amendment to
the Committee on the Judiciary,
Mr. BOUTWELL. I withdraw the motion
to recommit. And before the amendment of
the committee is read 1 ask leave to make some
verbal alterations in it.
No objection was made, and the amendment
was modified accordingly.
The question was upon agreeing to the
amendment of tho committee as modified by
Mr. Boutwku,,
Tho amendment, us modified, was to add to
the bill the following:
Sno.2. And be it/urther mactrd, That whenever tho
offices of President ami Vjco President shall both
becomo vucnnt, tho Soorotary of Stato shall, if tho
Keuiito and Uouxo of Representatives, by concurrent
resolution, so reiiueni ami direct, forthwith eauso a
notification thereof to be made to tho Executive of
each State. and shall also causo the samo to bo pub-
lished in at least ono ot the newspapers printed in
each State, KpecifvinK that electors of Vi eykleni and
Yiec President of iho Un ited States shall be appoin ted
in tho several States, on the Tuesday next after the
lirat Monday in the month of November then next
ensuing: Prnnitlrd, There shall bo the spaco of sixty
davs between tho date of such notification and tho
said Tuesday. }lut if there shall not be tho space of
sixty days between the dato of such notification and
tho .'■aid Tuesday, and if the term for which tho Pres-
ident and Vice President last in ollico were elected
shall not cxpiiu on the 3d day of March next ensu-
ing, then the Secretary of Stato shall specify in tho
notification that the elector's shall be appointed on
tho Tuesday next alter I he tirst Monday in the month
of November, in the year next ensuing, at which
lime the electors shall accordingly bo appointed; and
£ wW]",s s'ul" rn0,;i an(i S've their votes on tho
iir-t y- e4ne.-:;Li.y in December next ensuing itfl.er the
appointment of electors as aforesaid, and tho pro-
ceedings and duties of tho said electors and others
.-hall be pursuant to the directions prescribed bylaw.
.1 A/irt be %t further enacted, That whenever the
ofhoo ot President and Vice President shall both
become vacant when Congress is not in session, it shall
be the duly of tho oiheer discharging the duties and
powers ot tho uthec ot President forthwith to issue a
proclamation convening both Houses of the Congress
ot the united btutes.
Sir. ROSS. Will the gentleman yield to me
to offer an amendment?
Mr. BOUTWBLL. I will hear it.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to amend the section
in relation to the succession to the office of
President by providing that in case of vacancy
'General Grant "shall appoint scrme military
officer not below the rank of brigadier gen-
eral. [Laughter.] *
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot yield for that
amendment.
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will.
Mr. THAYER. I introduced the original
hill to which the amendment of the committee
is offered. I have not examined carefully the
two sections proposed to be added by tho
committee; but in reference to the proposed
third section, I would suggest to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Bootweia] that some
time should be fixed within which Congress
shall be convened in the contingency which is
there contemplated. Otherwise, under that
section, the person performing the duties of
President, although required to issue his proc-
lamation forthwith, may make the convening
of Congress as remote as he pleases. I sug-
gest that in that particular it would perhaps
be well to amend the section so as to require
the acting President to convene Congress
without unnecessai'y delay, or to limit the time
within which it must be convened.
Mr. BOUTWELL, It does not occur to me
that such an amendment will be necessary.
Mr. THAYER. I do not think in a matter
of such magnitude much should be left to the
discretion of an officer placed in such a situa-
tion.- 1 think tho provisions of tho act should
compel him to convene Congress with as little
delay as possible.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I do not think it is
necessary; but I am willing the gentleman
should offer his amendment.
Mr. THAYER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding after the words "convening
both Houses of the Congress of the United
States" the words "within sixty days after
assuming the duties of President of the Uni-
ted States j" and upon that I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under tho opera-
tion thereof the amendment to the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. BID WELL. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bout-
wei.i.,] if tho President to be elected under
this law will hold this office for four years, or
for tho unexpired term?
Mr. BOUTWELL. This bill does not pro-
vide for an election of President except where
Congress shall order it. if Congress does not
order an election, then the person succeeding
to tlve ollico will continuo duvingthe remainder
of the term.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I would sug-
gest to my colleague upon the Committee on
the Judiciary [Mr. BotmvEi.T.] afurtheramend-
ment. This bill provides for the succession to
the office of President in ease of vacancy, and
it provides that the person so succecding shall
continue in office until a President shall be
elected. Now, I suggest that the words "and
qualified" should bo added to the first section.
A President might be elected and never present
himself to be qualified; yet this bill determines
the tenure of office upon the election.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I have no objection to
that amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to
amend tho first section by adding the words
"and qualified."
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of tho committee as amended.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I call the previous'
question upon the bill and amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question being on the amendment, as
amended, it was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read the third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
cm the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
speaker's table.
Mr. McRUER. I movethat the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
pacihc coast raiutoad company.
The first business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 183) entitled "An act
granting lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the waters of
the bay of San Francisco to Humboldt bay,
in the State of California."
The pending question was upon ordering the
bill to a third reading.
■Mr. DAVIS. I desire to inquire whether
this bill has been reported from or examined
by any committee of this 'House ?
Mr. MeKUER. It has been examined by
the Committee on Public Lands, and in behalf
of that committee lam about to offer an amend-
ment in the form of a substitute.
Mr. SPALDING. Has the bill been before
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad?
Mr. McRUER. It has not been.
Mr. CHANLER. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from California [Mr. McRuerJ
whether this grant is likely to include any of
the quicksilver or copper mines in California?
Mr. McBUER. No mineral lands are granted
by the bill.
Mr. CHANLER. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that the bill contains a special
provision excluding from the grant any quick-
silver ov copper mines.
Mr. McRUER. In the substitute which I
am about to propose we have inserted the
provision usually inserted in all these bills
granting lands for railroads: a provision ex-
cepting from the grant all mineral lands ex-
cept coal and iron lands.
Mr. SPALDING. How much land will
this grant takfe?
Mr. McEUER. If all this land should be
unocupied by homesteads or by preemption, I
think it would take about two million acres.
Mr. SPALDING. I suppose there is enough
land there to foot the bill?
Mr. McBUER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to offer the following
amendment, on which 1 call the previous
question.
Strike out all after the enacting elauso, and insert
the following;
That S G. Whipple, George Noble, James W. Hen-
derson, Charles Minturn, Daniel Lobdcl, George Yost,
T. "W. Miller, iienjamin Sehenk, Joseph Woods, 13.
L. Goold, Samuel l'. Butterwortb, L. L. Robinson, J.
P.Robinson,(icorgo A. Youle, JohnM.Carter,George
Field, C. N\ Kenny, Frederick Graffe, Lewis Cooper,
Robert Grantz, J. B. Watson, and all such persons
who shall or may be associated with them, and their
successors or assigns, are hereby created and appointed
a board of commissioners for the purposes and objects
in this bill set forth. Within six months after the
passage of this act they shall form a corporation,
under tho laws of the State of California authorizing
the formation of corporations for the purpose of con-
structing and maintaining railroads in said State;
said corporation to be called the Pacific Coast Rail-
road Comp any. That said Pacific Coast Railroad Com-
pany, when duly formed under the laws of California,
shall become the owners of all the rights, properties,
and privileges conferred by this act, and the office of
said board of commissioners shall thereupon cease
and determine: Provided, That tho Legislature of the
State of California shall first designate and approve
of said company, so formed, as the proper company to
reccivc the giant herein made for the purpose of aid-
ing the construction of said road. The said corpora-
tion is hereby authorized and empowered to lay out,
locate and construct, furnish, equip, maintain, and
enjoy a continuous railroad and telegraph line', with
the appurtenances, from a point in Sonoma or Marin
counties on the waters of the bay of San Francisco,
by tho most feasible route, to be selected by the said
corporation, to Humboldt bay, in the State of Cali-
fornia, and maintain a ferry from the point of ter-
mination to the city of San Francisco, and is hereby
vested with all the powers and privileges and immu-
nities necessary to carry into effect the purposes of
this act.
Sec. 2. A-mi be it further enacted, That the right of
way through the public lands be, and the same
is hereby, granted to said Pacifio Coast Railroad
Company, iti successors and assigns, for tho con-
ptruction of a railroad and telegraph line as pro-
posed ; and the right is hereby given to said corpora-
