1867.
fffij CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BW
Then, sir, we are notto act under the influence
of animosity. Excellent ccmnsel; but pray
what Senator on an occasion Tike this, when
we strive to place in the statutss of the country
•an important land-mark, can allow himself to
act under any such influence? Is the Senator
from Maine the only one who can claim such
immunity? I am sure he will not make any
such exclusive claim: as he is conscious that he
is free from this disturbing influence, so also
am I. He is not more free from it than I am.
Most precisely from my heart do I disclaim all
animosity. I have nothing of the kind. I see
nothing on this occasion but my duty.
And when I speak of my duty, I speak of
what I would emphatically call the duty of the
hour. I tried the other day in what passed
between myself and the Senator from Maine
somewhat to illustrate that idea. I said that
we were not to act absolutely with reference to
the past ;,-nor absolutely with reference to the
future, but we are to act in the present. Each
hour has its duties and this hour has duties
such as few other hours in our history have ever
presented. Is there any one who can question
it? Are we not in the midst of a crisis? It is
sometimes said that we are in the midst of a
revolution. Call it if you will simply a crisis.
It is a critical hour, having its own peculiar
responsibilities. Now, if you ask me, sir, in
what the duty of the hour specially centers, fin
what the duty of the hour specially pivots, I
have a very easy reply: it is in protection to the
loyal and patriotic citizen, wherever he maybe.
I repeat it, protection to the loyal and patriotic
citizen is the imminent duty of the hour. This
duty is so commanding, so engrossing, so ab-
s&rbing, so peculiar, let me say in one word,
so sacred, that to neglect is like the neglect of
every thing. It is nothing less than a general
abdication.
Such, I say emphatically is the duty of the
hour, in the presence of which it is vain for
the Senator from Maine to cite the experience
of other times when no such duty was urgent.
He does not meet the case. What he says is
irrelevant. All that was done in the past may
have been well done. For it now I have no
criticism; but at this hour it is absolutely inap-
plicable.
I return, then, to my proposition, that the
duty of the hour is protection to the loyal and
patriotic citizen. But when I have said this I
have not completed my proposition. You may
ask, protection against whom? I answer
plainly, protection against the President of
the United States. There, sir, is the duty of
the hour. Ponder it well, and do not forget
it. There was no such duty on our fathers;
there was no such duty on our recent prede-
cessors in this Chamber, because there was no
President of the United States who had become
the enemy of his country.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President  
Mr. SUMNER*- I do not yield the floor.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I rise to a question of
privilege. I wish to ask 
Mr. SUMNER. I do not yield the floor.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not ask you to
yield the floor. I rise to a question which
gives me a right to be heard—a question of
privilege.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthoxy
in the chair.) The Senator from California
rises to a question of privilege; he will state
his question of privilege.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is that no Senator
on this floor has a right to make use of such
remarks of or about the Executive of the Uni-
ted States as those the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has just uttered, when that Senator
may be a judge upon a question of impeach-
ment, if an impeachment should be preferred
against the President. It has been held so
always as the law of Parliament. It was the
law of the Senate in its better days, always
maintained by the gentleman from Vermont,
now called to his long home, who for so many
years graced the chair, [Mr. Foot.]
Mr. SUMNER._ I riso to a point of order.
Th3 rule is explicit 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts rises to a question of
order; he will state his point of order.
Mr, SUMNER. My point of order is this:
the Senator undertook to interrupt me; I
declined to yield the floor to him; and yet he
proceeds to make a speech.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from California rose to a question of priv-
ilege. The Chair understood him to object to
words spoken in debate 
Mr. SUMNER. Let him take them down
and present them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is his
place to reduce the words to writing.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will do so.
The Senator proceeded to write upon a slip
of paper the words of Mr. Stimker to which
he excepted; and having written them, handed
the writing to a page to be submitted to Mr.
SnMJfEB.
*Mr. SUMNER declined to receive the paper,
saying: I do not want it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask if I am correct
in what I have there put down as the words
used by the Senator?
Mr. SHERMAN and Mr. JOHNSON. Let
the paper be read.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wanted to see if I
was correct. [To Mr. Sumner.] Are not the
words I have written down the words you
used ?
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator has any
point of order to make let him make it;
otherwise I must insist upon proceeding.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I insist on my point of
order, then. I say as a question of order as
well as of privilege that it is not the privilege
of a Senator, while on the floor of the Senate,
unless the President is accused and being tried
by this body as a high court 
Mr. SUMNER. I rise to a question of
order. I insist upon proceeding unless the
rules of the Senate are complied with.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California will send up a written state-
ment of the words to which he excepts; and
the question will be decided by the Chair. No
debate is in order pending the decision, and
after the decision is announced no debate on
the question is in order unless an appeal be
taken.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I now send to the
desk a statement of the words uttered by the
Senator from Massachusetts, as I understood
them.
The Secretary read the paper sent up by
Mr. McDougall, as follows :
"We have never before had a President of the
United States who was an enemy of his country."
Mr. McDOUGALL. Those are the words
I understood the Senator from Massachusetts
to use.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the im-
pression of the Chair that those words do not
exceed the usual latitude of debate which has
been permitted here. Of course the Chair, as
at present*oceupied, is very liable to error;
and if the Senator objects to the ruling he can
take an appeal.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not desire to ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair; but I
think I must ask for a vote of the Senate on
the question whether such language is parlia-
mentary or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California appeals from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. McDOUGALL. And I ask for the yeas
and nays upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the question. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia has risen to a question of privilege, and
objected that the words read at the desk are
out of order. The Chair decides that the lan-
guage is not out of order. The Senator from
California appeals from the decision of the
Chair, and asks for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SUMNER. I insist that the actual
words I used shall be read by the short-hand
writer.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Th# Chair
will first ascertain whether the call for the yeas
and nays is sustained.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I insist that the words
which I used and which are objected to shall
be taken from the notes of the short-hand
reporter.
Miu McDOUGALL. I have no objection to
t-hatn the sense is the same.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the words ob-
jected to are clearly in order. I have heard
similar remarks fifty times without any ques-
tion of order being raised. I may say, when
the tariff bill is up, that the Senator from Cali'
fornia in taking a particular course is an enemy
of the country. It is a common mode of argu-
ment, which has always passed unquestioned.
We may express our opinion that an officer of
the Government in doing bo and so is an enemy
of the country.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President   
Mr. SUMNER. I rise to a question of
order. I wish to proceed with my remarks.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have the floor. The
Senator from Ohio would be right if the person
addressed was a member upon this floor; but
he not being on this floor, the Senator from
Massachusetts has no more right to use such
language than he would if he were in the Su-
preme Court.
Mr. SUMNER. I raise the point of order
that debate is not in order now. The Senator
is insisting upon debate.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is an appeal from
the decision of the Chair. Debate is in order
upon the appeal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The appeal
is debatable.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have the floor then
on the appeal. If a rude remark or an accusa-
tion like that were made against a Senator it
would be a grave offense and would deserve the
condemnation of the Senate unless there was
good cause why. But it is not within the cour-
tesy of the Senate to assault a person not pres-
ent on the floor who cannot defend himself.
To assault here a judge of the Supreme-Court
on the bench would be a violation of parliament-
ary rules. If the Senator from Ohio should go
into the Supreme Court to-morrow morning
and should say a rude thing of the President
of the Senate, he would be immediately told by
the presiding justice to take his seat. It is ndt
within the courtesy and the law that a person
absent, belonging to an independent branch of
Government, should be assaulted by being
accused of being an enemy of his country. Why ?
Because itis accusation of treason, ifyou please,
substantially. When that question shall come
here and the Senator from Massachusetts shall
be its champion, it being brought up here by
its promoters from the House of Representa-
tives, then he may discuss it as carefully and
well as he can as a member of the high court
of impeachment, if he chooses to be one of the
impeaching parties. Otherwise, it is not within
the license of a Senator to say of the President
things of that kind that involve his integrity as
a public officer.
Sir, there have been times in the better days
of the Republic when such things would not
be listened to, would not be heard on this
Senate floor or in the House of Representa-
tives; and when, if any person should have
said that of a Senator, whether he agreed or
differed with him in politics, to the President
of the United States, he would have shown
him the way to the door and asked him to ab-
sent himself. In our Supremo Court the rule
has always been so. It has been witnessed by
every Senator who has had anything to do
with judicial tribunals, both in the States and
in the Federal Government. It has been dona
hero. The gentleman who presided over our
councils here for many years, and who honored
our body by being a member of it from Ver-
mont, never permitted words of that kind to
be said of any department of the Government
that were not here to respond for themselves.
