1968
tllE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBES.
March 2,
to a third reading", read the third time, and
passed.
GIBBON'S ANT) KKELEY.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 30) referring the papers of F.
A. Gibbons and F. X. Kelley to the Court of
Claims was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. The Committee on Claims proposed to
amend the resolution by striking out in line four
the word " for" and inserting "and the court
shall be authorized, if of opinion that the ends
of justice will be subserved thereby, to grant,"'
and after "petition," in line seven, to insert
"without prejudice to the claim by reason of
the former decision of said court;" so as to
make the resolution read:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United, States of America in Congress assembled,
That the papers in the case of Francis A. Gibbons
and P. X. Kelley be referred back to the Court of
Claims, and the court shall be authorized, if of opin-
ion that the ends of justice will be subserved there-
by, to grant a rehearing of the case on an amended
petition, without prejudice to the claim by reason of
the former decision of said court.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
ERNEST F. KLEINSCHMIDT.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, the bill (H. R.
No. 956) for the relief of Ernest F. Klein-
schmidt, of Cincinnati, Ohio, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. Its purpose
is to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to Ernest F. Kleinschmidt, of Cincinnati,
Ohio, the sum of $1,250, to reimburse him for
the same sum paid by him to the collector of
internal revenue for the second district in Ohio
for four city lota in Cincinnati, which lots were
sold by the collector to the said Ernest F.
Kleinschmidt for the payment of internal rev-
enue tax, and which tax was subsequently de-
clared by the superior court of Cincinnati to
have been illegally assessed, and the sale of
the lots to Kleinschmidt held to have been null
and void.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill of the House No. 1161,
to amend existing laws relating to internal
revenue, submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 1161) to amend existing laws relating
to internal revenue, having met, after full and free
conference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend. to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered two, tljjee,
four, five, six, seven, eight, nincj ten, eleven, twelve,
thirteen, fourteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen,
twenty, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four,
twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-seven, twenty-eight,
twenty-nine, thirty-one, thirty-three, thirty-four,
thirty-five, thirty-six, thirty-seven, thirty-eight,
thirty-nine, forty, forty-one, forty-two, forty-six,
forty-seven, forty-nine, fitty-one, fifty-two, filty-
three, fitty-four, fifty-five, fifty-six, fifty-seven, fiity-
eight, fifty-nine, sixty, sixty-one, sixty-two, sixty-
three, sixty-four, sixty-five, sixty-six, sixty-seven,
sixty-eight, sixty-nine, seventy, seventy-one, sev-
enty-two, seventy-three, seventy-four, seventy-five,
seventy-six, seventy-seven, seventy-eight, seventy-
nine, eighty, eighty-one, eighty-six, and agree to the
same.
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered fifteen, sixteen, thirty-two, forty-eight,
and eighty-four.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate and agree to the
same with an amendment, as follows: in lino three,
, 'e.r.! word "two." insert the words "and one
half.
That tho House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-first amendment of the Senate and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: add
the words "on leather of all descriptions, and gnat,
deer, calf, kid, sheep, horse, hog, and dog skins,
tanned, or partially tanned, curried, finished, or in
the rough, two and a half per cent, ad tatorem."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho thirtieth amendment of the Senate *ndafcre« to
the same with an amendment, as follows; ada the
following: " Provided, That fractional pirts of bar-
rels containing more than one quarter and no more
than one half shall be accounted one half, and pay
tax as such until June 1, 1867."
That the House recede from their disagreement td
the forty-third amendment of the Senate and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: insert
in lieu of the words stricken out the word " scythes."
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the forty-fourth and forty-fifth amendments of the
Senate and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows: strike out the paragraph as amended,
i and the Senate agree to the same.
i That the House recede frora their disagreement to
tho fiftieth amendment of the Senate and agree to
the same with tho following amendments: in line
three of said Senate amendment strike outtho words
, "fifty cents" and insert in lieu thereof the words
"one dollar," and in line eleven of said amendment
strike out the word " or " and insert in lieu thereof
the word "and."
| That the House recede from their disagreement to
! the eighty-second amendment of the Senate and
| agree to the same with an amendment, as follows:
I in line twoof said amendment, after tho word "sell,"
i insert the words "give stway or otherwise dispose
of."
I That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighty-third amendment of the Senate and agreo
to the same with an amendment, as follows: after
the word " foreign " insert the words "or domestic."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighty-fifth amendment of the Senate and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: in line
twoof said amendment, after the word "act" in-
sert tho words "and all acts and parts of acts impos-
ing any tax upon advertisements orthe gross leceipts
of toll roads."
W. P. FESSENDEN,
E. D. MORGAN',
THOMAS A. HENDRICKS.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
J. K. MOORHJJAD,
JOHN HOGAN,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate will ob-
serve that the House of Representatives have
receded from their disagreement to almost all
the amendments proposed by the Senate, in
fact to all the amendments except those num-
bered fifteen, sixteen, thirty-two, forty-eight,
and eighty-four, from which the Senate recede.
These are not very important, and I can state
them readily.
The fifteenth amendment was to strike out
the words " not including sirup or molasses."
The sixteenth was to strike out "two" and
insert " one and a half." We reduced the tax
from two per cent, to one and a half per cent.
We recede from that, leaving the tax on sugar
two per cent. The thirty-second amendment
we proposed was in regard to boot and shoe
strings and gloves of leather, or skins, which
we put on the free list. We now recede from
that because we have struck out leather from
the free list, and we have now transferred
leather to the two and half per cent, schedule
instead of the five per cent. It is a compro-
mise. We put leather two anda half percent,
less, and strike out these other articles from
the free list. The forty-eighth amendment was
to strike out wire-cloth, which was put in be-
cause of another clause from which the House
has receded, rendering it unnecessary to put
thaton the free list. The eighty-fourth amend-
ment is a section that was put in here in regard
to the storing and bonding of coal oil. It was
thought to be unnecessary.
The only remaining amendments are those
which have been amended by the committee
of conference. The first of these is the first
amendment of the Senate, which was with
regard to the tax on cotton. We came very
near disagreeing upon that, but finally com-
promised between tivo and three, making the
tax two and a half cents a pound. The twenty-
first amendment is in regard to leather, the
conclusion on which I have just stated. The
thirtieth amendment is a provision which was
made on the motion of the Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Conness] with regard to fractional
parts of barrels. The amendment of the com-
mittee of conference simply postpones the
operation of that until the 1st of June. Then
the House recede from their disagreement to
the forty-third amendment of the Senate, with
an amendment, inserting the word "scythes"
in lieu of the words stricken out. Then the
House recede from their disagreement to the
(forty-fourth'and forty-fifth amendments of the
Senate, and agree to them with an amendment,
striking out the whole paragraph as amended.
That was with regard to the products of hand-
looms. The House recede from their disa-
greement to the fiftieth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with an amend-
ment, striking out in line three of the Senate
amendment the words "fifty cents" and in-
serting in lieu thereof " one dollar." That is
a compromise also. In regard to the eighty-
second amendment, the House recede from
their disagreement with an amendment, insert-
ing after the word "sell'' the words "give
away or otherwise dispose of," to render it
more certain in regard to certain cigar-boxes.
The House recede from their disagreement to
the eighty-third amendment of the Senate,
with an amendment, inserting the words " or
domestic" after "foreign." This is in reference
to tonnage, the duty on foreign and domestic
commerce. Then the House recede from their
disagreement to the eighty-fifth amendment,
which is an amendment to the repealing clause,
so as to free advertisements and toll-roads.
The report was concurred in.
JOHN R. BECKLEY.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 174) authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to audit and pay the claim of
John R. Beckley was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. Divers horses, the prop-
erty of John R. Beckley, mail contractor on
mail routes No. 9634 and No. 9619, in the State
of Kentucky, were during the late war captured
by the rebel forces and guerrillas, and lost to
the contractor while endeavoring to carry out
his contract with the United States; the reso-
lution proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Treasury to have the claim of John R. Beckley
audited, and to pay him the amount which shall
be found due for the loss of property in carry-
ing the mail, not exceeding the sum of $5,950;
but it must appear that the property was lost
without any fault or negligence on the part of
Beckley.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed. ,
BILLS INDEFINITELY POSTPONED.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, the bill (H. R.
No. 531) for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Major John A. Whitall, late paymas-
ter in the United States Army, deceased, on
account of lost or stolen vouchers, and the bill
(H. R. No. 824) for the relief of Edward Blan-
chard, were indefinitely postponed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Claims be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the peti-
tion of Joshua Hill, and that the petitioner have
leave to withdraw his petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Claims be dis-
charged from tho turther consideration of the peti-
tion of Minerva Lewis, and that the petitioner have
leave to withdraw her petition and papers.
FORT RILEY RESERVATION.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House resolu-
tion No. 267, for the reduction of the military
reservation of Fort Riley, and to grant land for
bridge purposes to the State of Kansas.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will give rise to
debate, and I think we had better proceed
with the veto message.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it will give rise
to no debate. It has been read and consid-
ered, and the Senator from California [Mr.
Conxess] will withdraw his amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The cases which have
been pressing upon the Senate have been passed
upon, and I now move to postpone all prior
orders, and take up the message of the Presi-
dent vetoing the reconstruction bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Kan-
sas, to proceed to the consideration of the joint
resolution named by him.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope it will not be
taken up at this time: it will lead to discussion.
Mr. POMEROY. It was considered by the
Senate the other day, and laid aside at the close
