TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBi.
January 17,
question that I took the appeal, and I wish
that the persoii occupying the Chair had taken
the sense of the Senate directly upon the ques-
tion as to whether the use of these words was
in order.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is Satisfied, upon an examination of the authori-
ties, that the former decision made by him in
regard to the appeal taken by the Senator from
Wisconsin was sot correct, and that no debat-
able motion can intervene after a motion to
lay upon the table. Such is the judgment of
the Chair after an examination of the authori-
ties. '
. Mr. DOOLITTLE. Having made the ap-
peal for the purpose of- making my statement,
I will now withdraw it. What I desire is 
Mr. SUMNER. I rise to a question of
order; the Senator from Wisconsin is not in
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Indiana to lay the appeal on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. And that is not debat-
able.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Ifit is decided that that
is not debatable I will withdraw my appeal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the appeal taken by the Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. McDougall] from the judgment
of the Chair be laid upon the table.
.Mr. DOOLITTLE. I withdraw my appeal
from the decision on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Indiana, the Chair having stated
that on examination he found the authorities
the other way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Indiana to lay on the table the appeal taken
by the Senator from California, and that
motion is not debatable.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I withdrew my appeal
by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from California asks leave to withdraw the
appeal by unanimous consent.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It was withdrawn, and
then renewed by the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. LANE. It was the appeal of the Sen-
ator from Wieonsin which I moved to lay upon
the table, and there the debate should have
ended, and the vote should have been taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands it was renewed by the Senator from
California. ["No!" "No!"]
Mr. McDOUGALL. I withdrew it by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. SUMNER. The appeal is by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The appeal
is by the Senator from Wisconsin, and the
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Indiana to lay that appeal on the table.
Mr. CONNESS. And upon that question
the yeas and nays were called for by the Sen-
ator who made the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They were
called for, but not ordered. On this question
the yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Cattell, Chandler, Con-
ness, Cragin, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fogg, Fowler,
Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Harris, Henderson, Howard,
Howe, Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan, Morrill, Ramsey,
Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Van Winkle, Wade,
Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew. Cowan, Dixon, Doolit-
tle, Hendricks, Johnson, McDougall, Norton, Patter-
son, and Saulsbury—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, (presiding,) Creswell,
Davis, Foster, Guthrie, Nesmith, Nye, Poland, Poin-
eroy, Riddle, Boss, Sumner, and Trumbull—13.
So the appeal from the decision of the Chair
was laid upon the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With the leave of the
Senator from Massachusetts, I understand from
him that he is not particularly desirous of
closing his remarks to-ni^ht, and it is quite
evident that we cannot get through with the
bill to-night. Cold as this room is and uncom-
fortable as it is, I would be willing^ to stay
here if we could finish the dobate to-night, but
it is quite evident that we cannot do it. I rise,
therefore, for the purpose of moving an ad-
journment. If my friend from Vermont has
anything to say I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely wish to say this t
it is quite obvious to me that we shall be jnst
as far off to-morrow morning as we were this
in reaching the end of this question, unless
we determine to go on with it. Of course if
it is the pleasure of the Senate to adjourn they
will do so. It is their pleasure not mine that
will control that question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ I will withdraw the
motion if my friend desires me to do so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I certainly desire it to
be withdrawn.
Several Senators. Let us adjourn.
- • Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 17, 1867.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by Rev. E. P. Marvin, D. D., of Boston.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
harbor at point sal.
Mr. MeRUER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the existence of a harbor
in the vicinity of PointSal, on thecoastof California,
the practicability of rendering such harbor available
for the purpose of commerce, and what expenditure
is necessary therefor.
colonel l. c. hotjk.
Mr. STOKES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Colonel L. C.
Houk, of Tennessee ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
james m. latta.
Mr. DBFREES, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution for the relief of
James M. Latta; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
of Claims.
paving of pennsylvania avenue.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of
Columbia are hereby instructed to inquire into the
expediency of paving Pennsylvania avenue, or any
part thereof, and that the committee have leave to
report by bill or otherwise.
william b. todd.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of William B.
Todd; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia. .
frauds on the government.
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to enable the United States to
recover the value of property of which it has
been defrauded; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I now call for the regular
order of business.
The House resumed, as the regular order of
business, the consideration of the bill reported
last evening from the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, with sundry amend-
ments, being House bill No. 896, making ap-
propriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1867. ]
Mr. STEVENS. I was somewhat surprised,
sir, to read in the papers of this morning that
the call for a division on the last amendment
pending in the Committee of the Whole on tho
state of the Union last evening had been with-
drawn. It is entirely untrue. I called for and
insisted upon a division, and I left the House
knowing that there was not the third of a quorum
here. I cannot understand' how the amend-
ment can have been reported to the House as
having been adopted by the committee. If the
Journal so reports, I beg to have the Journal
corrected, if there be any Journal, and I do not
know that there is in Committee of the WLole.
The SPEAKER. There is no Journal in
Committee of the Whole on the state of . the
Union. The chairman of that committee re-
ported the bill with various'amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. Can that include an amend-
ment which was not adoptdd at all by the com-
mittee? I am ready to assert that the last
amendment pending was not adopted, and
therefore it could not be reported.
Mr. BLAINE. Then I would ask if it was
not equally incompetent for the chairman to
report the bill if that amendment was still
pending?
The SPEAKER. The chairman of the
committee decided that the amendment was
agreed to, and it is not within the province of
the Speaker to rule in regard to what occurred
in Committee of the Whole. All that takes
place in Committee of the Whole is subject to
revision in the House, and that is the reason
why no Journal is kept in Gommittee of the
Whole.
Mr. STEVENS. I am very unwilling to
have the record left in the condition in which
it now is, for it is wholly untrue in the respect
I have indicated.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have quite a dis-
tinct recollection how this matter occurred.
Before the Committee of the Whole rose last
evening the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevexs] called for a division upon an
amendment which was then pending, and he
insisted upon the division. I myself, with
other gentlemen here, appealed to the gentle-
man to withdraw his call for a division, let
the amendment be regarded as adopted, and
then the bill could be reported to the House.
But the gentleman did not withdraw his call
for a division, but persisted in it, and there-
fore after the committee rose and the chair-
man of the Committee of the Whole had made
his report, the Speaker will recollect that I
made the point of order that the report was
not strictly correct, as there was an amend-
ment offered to the bill in Committee of the
Whole which had not been acted on. But the
Speaker decided that he had no right to go be-
hind the report of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that there was no division upon the motion to
report the bill with amendments from the Com-
mittee of the Whole. ' The Chair supposes that
the chairman of the Committee of the Whole
did not understand the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania as persisting in his demand for a
division.
Mr. STEVENS. I over and over again
declared that I would not withdraw the call
for a division.
The SPEAKER. It is not within the power
of the Speaker to rule upon the subject. The
gentleman can move to recommit the bill, with
amendments, to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STEVENS. I desired to make the state-
ments I have made in order that what I may
say hereafter upon the subject will not be mis-
understood. I do not know but what it would
take longer to go into Committee of the Whole
than to dispose of it in the House. Therefore
perhaps we had better go on with the bill in
the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can make
a motion to recommit tho bill, with amend-
ments, to the Committee of the Whole, or the
gentleman can ask for a separate vote upon
the amendment in the House.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well; I will move to
recommit the bill and ponding amendments to
the Committee of the Whole for the purpose
of correcting an amendment that was made on
page 8 of the bill, in relation to contingent
expenses of the House of Representatives. I
