1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1969
of the morning hour. I simply want a vote
on it.
The motion was not agreed to.
EXTENSION OF PATENTS.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I yield to the Senator
from West Virginia, to allow him to call up
another private bill.
Mr. WILLEY. I move to take up House
bill No. 1059, which has been reported from
the Committee on Patents.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
E. No. 1059) for the relief of Sylvanus Saw-
yer and William E. Ward was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
authorize the Commissioner of Patents, upon
due application made to him, to extend the
patents of Sylvanus Sawyer, for an improve-
ment in machinery for cutting ratan, dated
June 24, 1851, and which expired on the 24th
of June, 1865, and the patent of William E.
Ward, for an improved machine for making
rivets and screw blanks, dated December 28, :
1852, and which expired on the 28th of De-
cember, 1866, upon the same evidence and
principles as if applications had been made
to him by these patentees respectively in due ]
time prior to the expiration of the patents. !
In case the Commissioner on duo inquiry shall
extend such patents, or either of them, all per- j
sons who shall have made use of the inventions |
or machines, or either of them, between the
periods of the expiration of the patents and
their extension by the Commissioner, shall be
relieved from all liability for that use.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
GOVERNMENT OF SOUTHERN STATES VETO.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the message of
the President of the United States, returning
to the House of Representatives, with his ob-
jections, the bill (H. R. No. 1134) to provide
for the more efficient government of the rebel
States.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mes-
sage of the President of the United States will
be read.
The Secretary read the message, as follows:
To the House of Representatives:
I have examined the bill " to provide for the
more efficient government of the rebel States"
with the care and anxiety which its transcend-
ent importance is calculated to awaken. I am
unable to give it my assent for reasons so grave
that I hope a statement of them may have some
influence on the minds of the patriotic and en-
lightened men with whom the decision must
ultimately rest.
The bill places all the people of the ten
States therein named under the absolute dom-
ination of military rulers ; and the preamble
undertakes to give the reason upon which the
measure is based, and the ground upon which
it is justified. It declares that there exist in
those States no legal governments and no ade-
quate protection for life or property, and
asserts the necessity of enforcing peace and
good order within their limits. Is this true as
matter of fact?
It is not denied that the States in question
have each of them an actual government, with
all the powers, executive, judicial, and legisla-
tive, which properly belong to a free State.
They are organized like the other States of the
Union, and like them they make, administer,
and execute the laws which concern their do-
mestic affairs. An existing de facto govern-
ment, exercising such functions as these, is
itself the law of the State upon all matters
within its jurisdiction. To pronounce the
supreme law-making power of an established
State illegal is to say that law itself is un-
lawful.
The provisions which these governments have
made for the preservation of order, the suppres-
sion of crime, and the redress of private injuries,
are in substance and principle the same as those
39th Cong. 2r> Skss.—No. 124.
which prevail in the northern States and in other
civilized countries. They certainly have not
succeeded in preventing the commission of all
crime, nor has this been accomplished any-
where in the world. There, as well as else-
where, offenders sometimes escape for want
of vigorous prosecution, and occasionally, per-
haps, by the inefficiency of courts or the
prejudice of jurors. It is undoubtedly true
th^t these evils have been miich increased and
aggravated, North and South, by the demoral-
izing influences of civil war and by the rancor-
ous passions which the contest has engendered.
But that these people are maintaining local gov-
ernments for themselves which habitually defeat
the object of all government, and render their
own lives and property insecure, is in itself ut-
terly improbable, and the averment of the bill
to that effect is not supported by any evidence
which has come to my knowledge. All the
information I have on the subject convinces
me that the masses of the southern people and
those who control their public acts, while they
entertain diverse opinions on questions of Fed-
eral policy, are completely united in the effort
to reorganize their society on the basis of peace,
and to restore their mutual prosperity as rap-
idly and as completely as their circumstances
will permit.
The bill, however, would seem to show upon
its face that the establishment of peace and
good order is not its real object. The fifth
section declares that the preceding sections
shall cease to operate in any State where cer-
tain events shall have happened. These events
are, first, the selection of delegates to a State
convention by an election at which negroes
shall be allowed to vote; second, the forma-
tion of a State constitution by the convention
so chosen ; third, the insertion into the State
constitution of a provision which will secure
the right of voting at all elections to negroes
and to such white men as may not be disfran-
chised for rebellion or felony; fourth, the sub-
mission of the constitution for ratification to
negroes and white men not disfranchised, and
its actual ratification by their vote ; fifth, the
submission of the State constitution to Con-
gress for examination and approval, and the
actual approval of it by that body; sixth, the
adoption of a certain amendment to the Fed-
eral Constitution by a vote of the Legislature
elected under the new constitution; seventh,
the adoption of said amendment by a sufficient
number of other States to make it a part of the
Constitution of the United States. All these
conditions must be fulfilled before the people
of any of these States can be relieved from the
bondage of military domination ; but when they
are fulfilled, then immediately the pains and
penalties of the bill are to cease, no matter
whether there be peace and order or not, and j
without any reference to the security of life or
property. The excuse given for the bill in the
preamble is admitted by the bill itself not to
be real. The military rule which it establishes ]
is plainly to be used, not for any purpose of j
order or for the prevention of crime, but
solely as a means of coercing the people into >
the adoption of principles and measures to [
which it is known that they are opposed, and .
upon which they have an undeniable right to j
exercise their own judgment. i
I submit to Congress whether this measure |
is not, in its whole character, scope, and !
object, without precedent and without author- !
ity, in palpable conflict with the plainest pro- j
visions of the Constitution, and utterly destruc- |
tive to those great principles of liberty and
humanity for which our ancestors on both sides j
of the Atlantic have shed so much blood and
expended so much treasure.
The ten States named in the bill are divided
into five districts. For each district an officer j
of the Army, not below the rank of brigadier I
general, is to be appointed to rule over the j
people; and he is to be supported with an
efficient military force to enable him to per- ,
form his duties and enforce his authority, j
Those duties and that authority, as defined by r
the third section of the bill, are "to protect I
all persons in their rights of person and prop-
erty, to suppress insurrection, disorder, and
violence, and to punish, or cause to be pun-
ished, all disturbers of the public peace or
criminals." The power thus given to the com-
manding officer over all the people of each dis-
trict is that of an absolute monarch. His mere
will is to take the place of all law. The law
of the States is now the only ruie applicable to
the subjects placed under his control, and that
is completely displaced by the clause which
declares all interference of State authority to
be null and void. He alone is permitted to
determine what are rights of person or prop-
erty, and he may protect them in such way
as in his discretion may seem proper. It places
at his free disposal all the lands and goods in
his district, and lie may distribute them without
let or hinderance to whom he pleases. Being
bound by no State law, and there being no
other law to regulate the subject, he may make
a criminal code of his own ; and he can make
it as bloody as any recorded in history, or he
can reserve the privilege of acting upon the
impulse of his private passions in each case
that arises. He is bound by no rules of evi-
dence ; there is indeed no provision by which
he is authorized or required to take any evi-
dence at all. Everything is a crime which he
chooses to call so, and all persons are con-
demned whom he pronounces to be guilty.
He is not bound to keep any record or make
any report of his proceedings. lie may arrest
his victims wherever he finds them, without
warrant, accusation, or proof of probable
cause. If he gives -them a trial before he
inflicts the punishment he gives it of his grace
and mercy, not because he is commanded so
to do.
To a casual reader of the bill it might seem
that some kind of trial was secured by it to
persons accused of crime; but such is not the
case. The officer '• may allow local civil tri-
bunals to try offenders," but of course this
does not require that he shall do so. If any
State or Federal court presumes to exercise
its legal jurisdiction by the trial of a malefactor
without his special permission, he can break it
up, and punish the judges and jurors as being
themselves malefactors. He can save his
friends from justice, and despoil his enemies
contrary to justice.
It is also provided that "he shall have power
to organize military commissions or tribu-
nals;" but this power he is not commanded
to exercise. It is merely permissive, and is
to be used only " when in his judgment it may
be necessary for the trial of offenders." Even
if the sentence of a commission were made a
prerequisite to the punishment of a party, it
would be scarcely the slightest cheek upon the
officer, who lias authority to organize it as he
pleases, prescribe its mode of proceeding, ap-
point its members from among his own sub-
ordinates, and revise all its decisions. Instead
of mitigating the harshness of his single rule,
such a tribunal would be used much more
probably to divide the responsibility of making
it more cruel and unjust.
Several provisions, dictated by the humanity
of Congress, have been inserted in the bill,
apparently to restrain the power of the com-
manding officer; but it seems to me that they
are of no avail for that purpose. The fourth
section provides: first, that trials shall not
be unnecessarily delayed : but I think I have
shown that the power is given to punish with-
out trial, and if so, this provision is practically
inoperative. Second, cruel or unusual pun-
ishment is not to be inflicted; but who is to
decide what is cruel and what is unusual?
The words have acquired a legal meaning by
long use in the courts. Can it be expected
that military officers will understand or follow
a rule expressed "in language so purely tech-
nical, and not pertaining in the least degree
to their profession ? If not, then each officer
may define cruelty according to his own temper,
and if it is not usual, he will make it usual.
Corporal punishment, imprisonment, the gag,
the ball and chain, and the almost insupporta-
