1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1293
under authority of law, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 23, 1866; 'which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the memorial of A. W. Walker, asked
to be discharged from its farther considera-
tion ; which was agreed to.
PRINTING 01' A BILL.
On motion by Mr. CRESWELL, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 157) to protect chil-
dren of African descent from being enslaved, in. vio-
lation of the Constitution of the United States, be
printed for the use of the Senate.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 603) to authorize the establishment of
ocean mail steamship service between the Uni-
ted States and the Hawaiian Islands; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
NEW YORK HARBOR.
Mr. MORGAN submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to communicate to the Senate the report of General
Newton, of the United States Engineers, in relation
to the encroachments on the harbor of New York.
LEAGUE ISLAND.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. 11.
No. 4-32) to authorize the Secretary of the
Navy to accept League Island, in the Dela-
ware river, for naval purposes, and to dispense
with and dispose of the site of the existing
yard at Philadelphia, the pending question
being upon the following amendment, proposed
by Mr. Sumner, as a substitute for the bill:
That Admiral David G. Farrasut, Lieutenant Gen-
eral W. T. Sherman, and Mr. J. E. Hilgard be, and
they are hereby, appointed and constituted a commis-
sion to select a suitable site on or adjacent to the
Atlantic coast for a naval station for the storage,
repair, and building of iron vessels and iron-clad
vessels ot the Navy, and for other naval purposes.
And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby authorized
and empowered to accept such selected site on behalf
of ihe United States: Provided, The same shall be
conveyed to the United States as a free gift, for their
exclusive use and benefit, by a valid and indefeasible
title. And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby fur-
ther authorized to take possession of and oceupysuch
site for the purposes herein indicated; and in prepa-
ration thereof to use such amount of money as may be
neee^ary out of any unexpended appropriations for
the Navy.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Upon this
question the Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Dixon] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. GRIMES. With the permission of the
Senator from Connecticut, 1 desire to say 
Mr. DIXON. Does the Senator wish to
make a speech ? If not, I would rather go on.
Mr. GRIMES. I was going to give the Sen-
ator the benefit of a letter that was alluded to
in the letter of Commodore Turner, of the
existence of which I was not conscious until
yesterday.
Mr. DIXON. I am willing that the Sena-
tor shall go on if he wishes to do so.
Mr. GRIMES. No; I do not care about it.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, as I listened
yesterday to the imploring and almost pathetic
tones in which the Senator from New Jersey
[Mr. Cattei.l] urged upon -the Senate the
acceptance of this *' munificent gift'' on the part
of the city of Philadelphia, I was struck with
the deep anxiety which is manilested by the
representatives of that city on the floor of the
Senate that the gift should not be declined.
Tlic ordinary rules that govern human nature
seem to be reversed in this instance. W e have
had heretofore importunate petitioners. The
importunity now seems to be on the part of
the giver, who trembles with anxiety lest the
gift should not be received. Wc have a short
method sometimes with beggars who are im-
portunate and who will not take a denial; but
what shall we do when the benefactor will not
take "no" for an answer ?_ Sir, there was
once a wise old man, who lived long before
League Island had been deposited by the ooze
of the Delaware and the Schuylkill at the con-
fluence of the two rivers, who gave us a word
of caution as to the propriety of our keeping
aloof from those who press upon us gifts,
especially when the gift is a thing which the
receiver does not want and the donor is very
anxious to get rid of.
Now, sir, League Island is only two miles
Yrom the city of Philadelphia, and there seems
to be a very great anxiety on the part of Phil-
adelphia, and a natural anxiety I should con-
sider it, that the gift of that island should be
received. What is the character of the gift?
If it were a very desirable point with reference
to the situation of Philadelphia at present,
should wo. find that, sitting as she does between
the Schu/lkill and the Delaware, she had
grown in all directions, north and west, until
she has become the second city in the Union,
but had never grown in that direction, why
is it that that portion of the suburbs of Phila-
delphia is not inhabited except that it is not
habitable? You will find similar low lands sur-
rounding the city of New Yorkand other cities.
Some cities are compelled to use similar lands
on account of their peculiar location ; but as
a general thing you find that when not habita-
ble they are not inhabited. Even the suburbs
of the city of New York on the opposite side
of the river are in that condition. In the city
of Boston, on account of its peculiar positioh,
they have been obliged to reclaim and make
land for the growth of the city. We find, how-
ever, that the city of Philadelphia has extended
in all other directions, but shrinks from this
unhealthy rjgion, as atreeputsforthits spread-
ing branches in all directions toward the light,
but shrinks from a noxious shade.
The Senator from New Jersey told us yes-
terday that it was a custom sometimes on the
part of the citizens of Philadelphia to resort
to this island of a summer afternoon in order
to enjoy the healthful breezes that fan that
charming spot. That is a picture which I think
never existed except in his own imagination.
It may possibly be that there are some shades
there, but I do not think the heated citizens of
Philadelphia of a summer day flock there in
vast numbers. They do not recline with Tityrus
under the beeches of League Island. The Sen-
ator himself very properly selects the city of
Philadelphia for the place of his business. He
is wise in so doing. He in that way gives an
advantage both to himself and to the city. But
does he seek his suburban residence on League
Island, where he says the healthful breezes are
so balmy and inviting of a summer afternoon ?
No, sir ; lie vastly prefers the somewhat arid
and sandy plains of Camden.
The city of Philadelphia is peculiarly for-
tunate in the advocacy which this League
Island scheme receives. She has virtually
three, and I do not know but I might say four,
representatives here. In addition to the t\yo
able Senators from Pennsylvania, there is the
Senator from New Jersey, who resides^ one
half the time in Philadelphia during business
hours, and during his hours of leisure in New
Jersey, who is here as the advocate, almost
the representative, and in fact takes ujion him-
self the character of a witness for the interests
of Philadelphia; so that we may say she is
thrice happy, terque beatus, and I do not know
but I may say qnaterque when we add the
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] who also
seems to take so deep an interest for Philadel-
phia. ,
I do not complain of this m the slightest
degree. It is not unnatural that the city of
Philadelphia should desire that League Island
should be taken by the Government., accepted
as a "munificent gift," that great expense
should be laid out upon it, and that at some
future and proper time she may ask the Gen-
eral Government to give her, in return for the
six hundred acres ol League Island, tne small
modicum ot land which is now used as a navy-
yard in the city oi Philadelphia. ^\li^, sii,
it would be ungracious it the (ieneial Govern-
ment would not do it. If Uncle Sain should
receive this " munificent gift," and he should
be requested by and by to give up to the city
of Philadelphia the land now occupied by the
navy-yard, it would be almost ungracious and
unkind should he refuse to do so ; and I do
not know that it would be unreasonable if such
a request should be made. How can we refase
so slight a return for a gift so munificent?
But, sir, I find, in examining this subject,
some things which strike me as peculiar. In
the first place, I will say that the proposition
is very skillfully presented to the Senate—I
will not say artfully, but skillfully presented.
We are told that there is no intention of estab-
lishing an additional navy-yard; thatitis only
desired that the present location of the Phila-
delphia navy-yard shall be changed to another.
This disguise, it seems to me, cannot conceal
the real intention. Every Senator knows that
the r.eal question here presented is whether the
great iron navy-yard of the United States, ren-
dered necessary by the use of iron-clad vessels,
and which it is supposed must at some time be
established, shall be located at League Island
or not; whether, in preference to all other
locations in the country, that shall now be defi-
nitely chosen. That is the real question before
the Senate. It is useless, therefore, to say that
Congress is only requested to decide that the
navy-yard in Philadelphia shall be removed
and enlarged. We cannot avoid the real issue.
We may as well look at it as it is. The ques-
tion is whether we are prepared to say that of
all the places on the whole coast of the Atlantic,
from Maine to Florida, League Island is the
place for the navy-yard which is to be built
for iron-clad vessels.
Now, sir, how happens it that this question
is here at all? It is a little surprising that this
question is before the Senate on this occasion.
Senators who have occupied their seats for four
years will remember that we have already had
a discussion on this subject and a virtual de-
cision. The question was once before pre-
sented to the Senate, and the Senate decided
that a commission should be appointed, and
that that commission should examine League
Island, New London, and other sites that might
be presented, and report to the Navy Depart-
ment. How was that commission appointed ?
It was appointed by the Secretary of the Navy.
He certainly is not an enemy of this project,
and it could not be supposed that he^ had
appointed men who were adverse to his views.
I do not suppose for a single instant that any
improper motive governed the appointment of
that commission; but this I may properly say,
that if there was any leaning on the part of
the commission, it was not against League
Island and in favor of any other site. It was
appointed by the Navy Department, the strong-
est friend of this proposition. What were the
commission to do? They were to examine
the sites presented and to report. They have
examined and reported. What was that report,
and what has been the effect of it? AVhat
attention has been paid to it? Has the Navy
Department paid the slightest attention to that
report ? I think if the report had been the
reverse of what it was the honorable Secre-
tary of the Navy would have paid some regard
to it. It seems to me that the Senate of the
United States, having concurred with the House
of Representatives in requiring the appoint-
ment of a commission to examine and report
whether League Island was the proper place
for this navy-yard, are called upon to pay some
respect to the report itself, at least to consider
what it was. . .
But here we are presented with a proposition
for another commission, and to report npon
what ? To examine the whole coast as befoi-c ?
To let us know what is the best position? Is a,
sir; to examine one, and only one; and I think
I may safely say, without any disrespect to the
Secretary of the Navy, whom I believe to be a
very correct and honorable man, especially m
his political views, that a sure thing will he made
of it this time ; I may say that with safety, be-
cause the bill itself requires him to confine his
examination, if any examination is to be made,
