530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January IT,
The SPEAKER. It is no more in order for
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions than for any other member of the House
to move the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. Better let it go to the
Senate.
Mr. THAYER. Very well.
Mr. STEVENS. Before I call the previous
question I have a single word to say in regard
to what is reported as the last amendment. I
beg it may be read.
The Clerk read the amendment as follows:
And be it further enacted. That to enable the Clerk
of the House of Representatives to pay the increased
compensation voted by the House during the Thirty-
Ninth Congress to its employes, clerks, and others,
and topaytheincreasedrateof compensation thereby
authorized, a sum sufficient therefor is hereby appro-
priated out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Mr. STEVENS. Now I deny that that was
ever reported by the Committee of the Whole ;
therefore I think it ought not to be adopted.
I have no objection to paying these clerks any
reasonable amount that anybody will bring in
a bill for, but it is proper for me to say that
there is a great inequality in the compensation
of the different classes of clerks. Some of
them reeeive fifty, some sixty, and some eighty
per cent, more than another large class of
them. Now I am willing, if a bill is brought
in equalizingthe compensation of these clerks,
to make an appropriation putting them on the
same footing; but while this difference in their
relative compensation exists this amendment
is unjust and ought not to be made. I again
say that if a bill is presented giving any reason-
able amount of compensation, but equalizing
it, I shall not object to it.
Mr. BLAINE. I presume the chairman of
the committee will not dispute the fact that
this enables us to carry out what at the last
session we promised to do, and that my friend
from Pennsylvania himself supported it.
Mr. STEVENS.' There were various reso-
lutions offered relative to the clerks—those
who have been most vigilant; but there are a,
considerable number of clerks who were quite
as much entitled to it who did not get the ad-
vantage of the resolutions. But the Senate
refused to make the appropriation, and we
adopted in lieu of it, for the clerks in both
branches, twenty per cent, increase. I thought
that had ended the matter. I am willing to
equalize the whole, but I cannot vote for this
amendment in its present shape.
Mr. BLAINE. This went in by general con-
sent upon an amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Illinois limiting it to the Thirty-
Ninth Congress; but by some construction of
the Auditor these clerks failed to get what the
House pledged itself they should have; and
now this appropriation ismerely a question of
good faith on the part ofHhe House agreeing
to do whatfit promised.
Mr. STEVENS. After that we passed in
both branches a provision giving them twenty
per cent, additional.
Mr. BLAINE. This has nothing to do with
that.
Mr. STEVENS. So I supppse.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. An item on page
32 was stricken oat in Committee of the Whole,
namely: "For additional and temporary clerks
in the Post Office Department, $40,000.'' I
have a letter from the Postmaster General
which I will ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Post Office Department, January 11,1867.
Sir : The clerical force of this Department was in-
creased by act of Congress February 16,1866.
On July 23 following, an appropriation was made
for compensation of authorized additional and for
temporary clerks, $37,000 for the current fiscal year.
The amount estimated for temporary clerks was
$12,000. It was thought that the additional clerks
authorized by the act of February 16, with the tem-
porary clerks provided for July 23, would bo suffi-
cient. This expectation, however, has been disap-
pointed, mainly owing to the unexpected amount of
labor growing out of the restoration of mail service
in the late insurgent States. When this work shall
be accomplished, the number of clerks, regular and
temporary, now provided for by law may probably
be sufficient. Itismanifest, however, thatfor another
Tear frsrn 1st  f July next the number of temporary
clerks must be increased, and for this purpose an
appropriation of $40,000 has been asked.
It should also be noted that the money-orderbusi-
ness is increasing more rapidly than was anticipated
a year ago, which renders the more necessary the
desired appropriation for the next fiscal year,
The " additional" clerks named in the appropri-
ation of July 23, 1866. are females not included under
act of February 16,1866.
Yours, very respectfully,
- ALEXANDER "W. RANDALL,
Postmaster General.
Hon. John f. Faensworth,
Home of Representatives, Washington, 13. C.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I had a conversa-
tion 
Mr. WARD, of New York. I desire to ask
the gentleman whether the increased laboT
alluded to by the Postmaster General in his
letter is the increased labor which was caused
by removing Union men and soldiers from
post offices and substituting in their place
copperheads and rebels ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The letter explains
itself. The Postmaster General says that this
increased labor was caused by the opening of
new mail routes in the southern States.
I had a conversation this morning with Mr.
McLellan, the second Assistant Postmaster
General, who made this estimate himself, and
also with Mr. Zevely, and from conversation
with those gentlemen I am satisfied that an
appropriation of this sum or of some other
sum will be necessary for the next fiscal year.
A large number of temporary clerks are already
employed in the Department.
I am very glad that such action has been
had in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the .Union as has brought this explanation
before the House. Before this we had no
explanation of this appropriation. Now, I
am satisfied of its propriety, and I ask the
House to non-concur with the Committee of
the Whole in their action upon it.
The question was put; and the amendment
of the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union was not concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say a word or
two in regard to the appropriation for five
watchmen on reservation No. 2. That reser-
vation includes the Smithsonian Institution,
and their appointments are all authorized by
law. I ask a separate vote on that amendment.
Mr. RAYMOND. On page 44 of the bill
there was a clause appropriating $40,000 "for
facilitating com munication between the Atlantic
and Pacific States by electrical telegraph."
That clause was stricken out by the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union last
evening, for what reason I do not know. I
desire to ask a vote upon that amendment in
the House mainly for the purpose of asking
from some person who may know it the reason
for striking out this appropriation.
As I understand the matter, the appropria-
tion was made in fulfillment of a contract pro-
vided for expressly by law. That contract was
made in 1860 with the Western Union Tele-
graph Company, and gives $40,000 annually to
that company,- provided the amount of service
rendered to the Government by the company
reaches that sum.
Now, I do not know that any breach of con-
tract on the part of the company is alleged
further than is contained in some complaints
that private messages have, in one or two in-
stances, been overcharged. That, I under-
stand from the company, was the work of its em-
ployes, without the sanction or approval of the
company, and was at once corrected by the
company as soon as it came to their knowledge.
I have heard from no quarter allegations of any
other breach of contract.
1 desire to say further that I understand from
responsible officers of the company that there
is now due the company from the Government
a larger sum for services rendered to the Gov-
ernment than is provided for by this appropri-
ation. The amount of this appropiation is ac-
tually due for services already rendered. It is
not a deficiency, but an annual appropriation.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to say that this
appropriation is for the future and not for the
past.
Mr. RAYMOND. Certainly; but what has
been done in the past has not been paid for,
and is absolutely due.
Now, sir, if it will obviate objection in the
mind of any gentleman, I will move a proviso
to this clause—
That the sum of $40,000 hereby appropriated shall
not exceed the amount that maybe due tho company
for services rendered the Government during any
year for which it shall ho paid according to the
rates fixed by law.
.-The proviso is not necessary, but it is sim-
ply offered to obviate the objections urged by
some gentlemen. The rates fixed by law will
be found in the law of 1862. The rate is three
dollars for any dispatch. I think the company
has fulfilled its contract with the Government,
and I have yet to learn why the Government
should not fulfill its part of the contract.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot consent to have
the amendment offered.
Mr. RAYMOND. I suppose a motion to
restore the section would be in order.
The SPEAKER. The same object can be
accomplished by voting down the amendment
of the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I desire to say a few
words upon the proposition in relation to the
pay of our clerks. The pay of our clerks was
increased by our votes at the last session of
Congress. I took some interest in the subject
at that time, and gave it what consideration
and investigation I could in the short time I
had to spare; and if my memory serves me I
prepared the clause which was adopted. The
bill originally provided that this increase should
be made permanently; but at the suggestion
of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burne] the increase was provided for only the
Thirty-Ninth Congress. I afterward learned
that the bill did not work equally in all respeets;
that some clerks, particularly in the lower part
of the building, complained that it did not ap-
ply to them. I was very sorry, indeed, that it did
not apply to them, for I designed to make it as
general as my information on the subject would
permit. It was conceded on all hands that the
provision made for the clerks, which was in-
cluded in the bill, was not too large; that they
ought to receive the increased compensation
which it provided. And I think it would be very
unwise and very unjust for us now to refuse to
make the appropriation to carry out the law
which Congress intelligently made at the last
session. If injustice has been done* any one
I am willing to vote to equalize this increased
pay, if equalization does not exist when that
question comes up in a proper shape. But I
think it would be very improper to strike out
here an appropriation to meet the exigency
provided for at the last session of Congress.
Mr. SCHENCK. After what has been said
by the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Wood-
bridge] and by others, it is hardly necessary
for me to add remark or testimony on this sub-
ject. But it certainly does strike mo that this
is a question, not of legislation, but of appro-
priation. The legislation has already been
passed ; we have wisely or unwisely agreed to
make a certain'increase of compensation to
certain classes of our clerks, it being intended
to include all who might equitably be entitled
to it and who had claims upon us. That law
now stands in abeyance upon a question of
construction, and we are appealed to here to
take what steps may be necessary for the pur-
pose. And the proposition is made here to
appropriate the money necessary to carry out
in good faith what Congress intended.
Now, it is too late to say that some persons
are not benefited by that legislation who ought
to have been benefited by it. Let that be pro-
vided for by legislation hereafter, if they have
claims which we in justice ought to consider.
Those clerks, however, who in good faith have
accepted the pledge of that which Congress
legislated to give them,"have unquestionably
arranged their expenses accordingly, lmve
inside their preparations, founded their expect-
ations, and laid their plans all up to this time,
with reference to having the money ultimately
paid them whiph was thus proposed to be added
