12£4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
to one point. Why is that, sir ? Why not allow
what the Senator from Massachusetts proposes
to be done? The Senator from Iowa says it
would be a roving commission. Well, sir, I
should suppose that roving was the very mode
by which a commission could ascertain what
was the best site; but the commission, under
this bill, are not to rove abroad; they are to
confine themselves to this one position, League
Island, and if they are of opinion that that should
be selected, then the question is closed.
I have no doubt that the Secretary of the
Navy will appoint this commission with refer-
ence only to their qualifications to decide the
question; but if he should bo so unfortunate as
to find that the commission are adverse to his
views and opposed to League Island, what then?
That will be the second commission that have
reported, and then I suppose the whole subject
will be dropped, and Congress wiU be called
upon again to appoint another commission, and
so on until a commission is found that shall
decide in favor of League Island; for I will say
that the persistency, I might say the obstinacy,
with which certain men connected with the Gov-
ernment seem bent upon selecting this position
of League Island in preference to any other is
really somewhat surprising, quite as much so
as some of the other points to which the Sen-
ator from New Jersey alluded, and to which
I shall call the attention of the Senate in a
moment.
The Secretary of the Navy overlooks entirely
the report of his commission. He appointed
suitable officers of the Navy and they submitted
to him their report. In his very next report sub-
mitted to Congress the Secretary utterly ignored
that. He went on as if no report had been made.
He insisted upon his former views; and the sub-
ject now comes before Congress, and Congress
is urged and implored to accept this " munificent
gift" against the opinion of the commission
appointed in accordance with the vote of both
Mouses of Congress.
Now, sir, what was that report? Attention
lias already been called to it., and it is unneces-
sary for me to dwell upon it at any very great
length at this time. Who wore these gentle-
men who were appointed by a jjolemn vole of
both Houses of Congress to examine, first,
League Island, then New London, and then
any oilier point, which might bo presented as
a suitable location? Commodore Stringham,
Commodore Gardner, Commodore Von Brunt,
Engineer Sanger, Captain Marston, and Pro-
lessor llaehfi. It so happens—of course it was
entirely accidental, but it so happened—that
three of the commission either wore residents
of, or natives of, Pennsylvania, and not a single
man had any connection, by residence, or birth,
or relationship, or consanguinity, or in any
other way whatever, with New England. Their
lee lings and prejudices, if they had any—I
know they had none; but if they had any—
were in favor of Philadelphia as the location
to be chosen. They made a report of very
great ability. They exhausted the whole sub-
ject. They divided their inquiries into fifteen
different heads. What was the final result to
which they came? What was the opinion which
they gave Congress on the subject ? The Sen-
ator from New Jersey says "it was not unani-
mous, but the vote of the commission stood
four to two." The Senator says the minority
had the advantage of the argument.
Well, sir, it is very possible that you might
appoint a committee consisting of six men,
five of whom should be very capable men of
judging, practical men, and yet not so keen in
argument as the sixth, and if his argument is
supposed to be a little abler than the others,
then, according to the Senator, you must not
regard the weight of character nor of opinion,
but must look at the theoretical reasoning and
skill in argument entirely. But I think that
the Senator is entirely mistaken in regard to
the argument. If I am any judge, these gentle-
men not only outnumbered the minority of the
board, but they outweighed them in argument.
The result to which they came was this:
"Metohed, That, in the opinion of the board, the
public interests will Hot be promoted by amuiring
tho title to League Island for naval purposes/' •
That is definite, distinct, decided, and with-
out qualification. That was the opinion of
these four naval officers against the other two
on that board, the only board ever appointed
by act of Congress to make a decision on this
subject. They went on further and added:
"Resolved, That the harbor of New London possesses,
greater advantages for a navy-yard and naval depot
tha,n any other location examined by this( board."
I do not propose to dwell at any very great
length upon that,- for I am not here to-day as
the peculiar advocate of New London. I do
not wish nor expect the Senate to decide at this
time upon the merits of that place. That is
not the question before the Senate. The Sen-
ate may think that League Island does not
combine all the advantages which are required,
and which may be found somewhere on our
three thousand miles of coast, for a navy-yard,
without coming to the conclusion that New
London docs combine all those advantages.
Possibly some other place may be found. I
agree entirely with my colleague in his remarks
yesterday, that Washington city itself is a far
better place for this navy-yard than League
Island. That is my opinion. I have no doubt
that other places may be found, I think they
are numerous, if tho investigation could be ex-
tended. Certainly there is no very great press-
ure for time on this subject, for the Secretary
of the Navy has seized time by the forelock and
has placed our iron-clad ships at League Island.
There they are safe and sound, imbedded in
ice, locked up, secure from attack and useless
for defense, and have been for six,weeks past
at League Island utterly helpless and utterly
useless. If that catastrophe to which you, sir,
alluded yesterday had taken place within the
last six weeks our iron-clads would have been
unable to move for any purpose from League
Island. There is, therefore, no very great
pressure as to time. Lcaguo Island lias fast in
her icy chains the iron-clads already, and they
will remain there at least until the Delaware
river shall thaw and liberate them from their
icy bondage. I observed that tho Philadelphia
papers a few days ago expressed great hope
that eighty vessels that wore ice-locked at
Newcastle would soon bo able to reach Phila-
delphia, but the wind happened to change to
tho northwest, tho ice remained in the Dela-
ware, and there they are yet.
It would be trespassing upon the patience
of tho Senate if I-were now, after the exhaust-
ive speech on this question which my colleague
has made, to dwell upon the details of the
report of the commission appointed to investi-
gate this subject. All that can bo said has
already been said upon it. Senators will find
if they will glance at that report that all the
questions were carefully considered and mi-
nutely inquired into and examined : first, as to
the adequate depth of water at or near the site;
second, facility of ingress and egress; third,
security from attack by an enemy and facility
and economy of defenses; fourth, security from
violent winds at sea, and from ice whether fast
or moving; fifth, ample accommodations for
safe anchorage; sixth, abundant space for the
erection of all buildings, docks, and basins
that may bo required for a first-class establish-
ment ; seventh, adaptation of the site to the
construction of permanent stone dry-docks,
&c.; eighth, topography of the site ; ninth, mean
range of the tides and exposure of the site to
freshets and overflows; lentil, set of currents
about the site, and their effects; eleventh,
facilities for procuring most rapidly supplies
and stores of all kinds; twelfth, abundant
supply of good fresh water ; thirteenth, facil-
ities for procuring workmen of all classes;
fourteenth, quality of the water near the site,
whether fresh or salt; fifteenth, health of the
vicinity. Every single point which can arise
was carefully examined by that impartial
board, leaning, if at all, in favor of Philadel-
phia, and as the result of their investigations
they reported to the Secretary of the Navy
that in their opinion the public interests would
not be promoted by acquiring the title to
League Island for naval purposes.
Now, sir, it would seem that that decision
should have some weight. It would seem that
there should be an end of this matter; at least
it would seem that there should be another
inquiry. It would seem that if that decision
was to be entirely ignored and set at naught,
it should not be done without going at least
through the form of inquiring still further;
but that is not proposed. As I have said, the
bill before us requires that no examination
shall be made whatever except of League
Island. The Senator from Massachusetts has
offered an amendment to it. The Senator
from Iowa has taken occasion to find fault
with the statesmanship of the proposition of
the Senator from Massachusetts. The Senator
from Massachusetts can defend that proposi-
tion for himself. The Senator from Iowa says
it includes nothing; it does not require any
proper examination. Why, sir, as you your-
self said yesterday, it includes all that the bill
itself includes, and a little more. It goes as
far as the bill does; it requires everything that
the bill requires; and 1 think it goes a step
further.
If the Senate should entertain some doubts
on this question, and should come to the con-
clusion that it was best to ascertain whether
some objections made against League Island
were proper to be considered, I can conceive
of no mode by which that examination can be
better made than by this proposition of the
Senator from Massachusetts. Who are the
commission proposed in it to inquire into the
subject? The Senator from Iowa says they
are not naval men. Sir, it does not require
naval men to consider this question. It re-
quires men of good sense; it requires men who
can decide whether a particular place is a
proper and safe point for a navy. _ A man does
not need to understand navigation for that.
If he is a practical business man, and has eyes
in his head, and can see whether land is land
and water is water, he is competent to decide
that question. We propose, therefore, that
the distinguished men named in tho amend-
ment shall be appointed to examine tho whole
country, to visit the whole coast if necessary,
to visit the different points proposed, and to
give us their opinion. It has already been
shown that there is ample time for this exam-
ination.
Now, sir, when they do that what will they
find? It is true there has been something said
of the propriety of selecting New London as
one of tho proposed sites. It strikes me that
tho true manner of considering this question
is not with regard to local interests in any
manner whatever. I would if I could have
this question considered m the light of the
unity of the whole country, as if there were no
such thing as State lines. I am not very
much of a centralist, but upon this question I
am willing to ignore all State lines and State
divisions. What is tho best location for an
iron-clad navy-yard in the United States with-
out reference to that parallelogram on the map
which is called Pennsylvania, and without ref-
erence to that still smaller space on the map
which is called Connecticut? Leave them out
of the question. I regret that all the Repre-
sentatives of the State of Pennsylvania in a
body voted in the House of Representatives
for this measure. I should prefer that they
could view it and that we could view it in Con-
necticut as a national question, but still I do
not complain of them ; I do not blame them.
I know what human nature is. I know that
the people of Pennsylvania, and particularly
in the neighborhood of Philadelphia, are anx-
ious to have this great navy-yard there ; and it
is not surprising that the people of Philadelphia
should share this anxiety; but that ought not
to have the slightest influence upon the mind
of any Senator, and it cannot have. What if
New London does desire this navy-yard? What
if Philadelphia also desires it? Of course
they desire it. They would be somewhat dif-
ferent from human beings elsewhere if they
