1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1295
did not; but that carmot have any weight upon
our minds.
True it is that New London is proposed.
Nature has been peculiarly kind to that local-
ity. In a great many respects it is in point
of fact—and I may say it without a boastful
spirit with regard to my own State—the very
best harbor on the face of the globe. That is
the truth. Nature has given to the State of
Connecticut at New London a stream which
penetrates the main land in such a manner as
to make the best harbor in the world, not
equaled by the bay of Naples, not equaled by
the harbor of New York, not equaled by any
harbor so far as I know anywhere on the globe.
Why, air, if that harbor had been in France or
in England, with an estuary penetrating ten
miles into the main land with a depth of forty
feet of water to its perpendicular bank, and
with feasible ground sloping down to it in every
direction, with a natural foundation for every
kind of heavy buildings, do you suppose tliat
Napoleon or the British admiralty board would
have neglected it? Do you suppose that Na-
poleon would have laid out millions of money
to make artificial harbors as he has done in
France? Do you suppose the English Gov-
ernment would have neglected it? No, sir; it
would have been seized upon hundreds of
years ago and devoted to the purpose of<a
great national naval station, a use for which
nature seems evidently to have designed it.
The Senator from New Jersey says, by way
of complaint as I understand him, that Con-
necticut urged this place sixty years ago as a
site for a naval station and naval depot. It is
very true that the people of Connecticut at an
early day saw its advantages; and, but for the
fact that Connecticut is a small State, with
very little political influence, it would have
been selected as a naval station long ago. If
we had acted on this subject with a spirit of
national unity and not with reference to
Stale divisions New London would have been
selected first of all. No man can visit that
place and see those capacious waters and that
peculiarly adapted ground to -this purpose
without saying at once it is the spot of all
others for a naval depot. I had the honor
of accompanying the commission when they
visited New London. I sailed up the river
with them. I had seen it often before, but my
attention was never so particularly called to
its advantages for this purpose as on that
occasion; and T perceived at once the effect
upon their minds of ocular demonstration. I
say to you, Senators, you cannot go there
without being convinced. Go there this mo-
ment in imagination, and what do you see?
Do you see an ice-bound river as you see at
Philadelphia, although in a northern clime?
No, sir. New London is a northern city, not
with southern principles, but with a southern
climate. The Gulf stream deflects somewhat
toward the coast, and the breezes from the
Gulf stream come around Montauk Point and
up by Fisher's Island ; and standing there you
may feel its influence on a winter day, keeping
the water in a"state of liquefaction when rivers
far as south as the Potomac are crossed by heavy
teams, and when Boston and New York har-
bors are closcd with ice. That is a natural
blessing for which Connecticut ought not to be
condemned. She has not many such blessings,
I agree. Nature has not been kind to her in
all respects; but she has been extremely kind
to her in the gift of this haibor unequalcd on
the continent.
The Senator from New Jersey says nothing
stands in the way of this little job of taking
League Island for this navy-yard, as desired
by Philadelphia, but Connecticut. She is
reproached. She stands m the way. ''What
business has she there at such a time?'' Why,
sir, Connecticut asks nothing. You yourself,
sir, showed yesterday that the strongest and
most convincing argument which has been
made on this subject was made by a Senator
from New Jersey, who not long since occupied
one of these seats, and who was by all of us
highly respected, who lives within seventeen
piles of League Island, but not near enough
to transact business in Philadelphia and rep-
resent the city of Philadelphia as well as the
State of New Jersey. I do not mean by this
in the slightest degree to reproach the Senator
from New Jersey. What he is doing he is
doing conscientiously; but I think, after the
interest he has manifested, it was a little un-
kind of him to reproach Connecticut. When
he was employing his earnest zeal for the inter-
ests of those whom he in part represents on
the Camden side of the river, he certainly
ought to have had the charity to suppose that
the Senators from Connecticut were actuated
by as pure motives as himself.
Now, sir, this is not an overwrought descrip-
tion of the natural advantages of New Lon-
don. In truth, it is impossible to draw a pic-
ture of the peculiar advantages of that position
which shall come anywhere near their true
merits. I wish the Senators who desire to act
on this question, with a view to the good of the
whole country and for all future time, could
visit the spot. I wish they could go there as
that commission went. I care not what were
their prejudices, they would be convinced. Let
them sail up the Delaware ri ver; let them come
to an island in the Delaware two miles from
Philadelphia, uninhabited and uninhabitable.
The Senator from New Jersey says there are
seven houses there, and some of them have
cellars; and he alleges that diluvial region
has some ten trees on its whole extent of six
hundred acres. I never doubted that League
Island was sufficiently fertile. That was not
the objection. We never claimed that it was
"a barren waste, wherein no salutary plant
takes root, no verdure quickens." That is not
the objection to it. It is quite too fertile; the
noxious vegetation there is perhaps too luxu-
riant for the health of its few inhabitants.
That rather is the difficulty. I have never
doubted that if a tree took root there it would
expand in the course of years; and no doubt
that island has been there for even a longer
time than the Senator stated. We never de-
nied that there were some portions of solid
matter there. The Senator mistakes what those
of us who believe League Island to be an unfit
place think with regard to it. I have no doubt
that that island lias been there probably ever
since the period of the flood. The deposit of
the ooze at the junction of those two rivers
would not make an island of six hundred acres
in any short period of time. It is true, as the
Senator has said—that is, I take it for granted
it is true, because he says so—that a portion of
that island has been washed down to Cape
May since the recollection of man.
ITe tells us that the back entrance or the
back channel has been cut through within, I
think, a period of a hundred years; so that
some portion of it has departed, and undoubt-
edly the formation of the land is such that it
is liable at any day to be washed away by the
currents as that portion was. Now, sir, when
you arrive there what do you find ? You need
a firm foundation. What do the commission
say? They say that League Island is a re-
claimed marsh. They say that it is now saved
from submersion by the Delaware river by
a dyke or wall, and that at high tide a very
large portion of it is two, three, or four feet
below the water. That may not be true of the
whole island. There may be a small portion
of it never covered by water. They say that
an immense expense must be laid out to make
it a proper position for a navv-yard ; and I
may as well at this time say a word on the
subject of that expense.
I have here a pamphlet written by a friend
of this proposition, and to show that he is an
honest man he states that lie is a native of
New England, proof presumptive, I agree,
that ho is so. He gives us his opinions with
regard to it. and answers, as he thinks, the
objections. I will not refer to what the commis-
sion say, but I will take the statement of this
friend oftthe proposition. He says : ■
" To raise the island three feet above high-water
mark would require about three million six bandied
thousand yards of enrth.''
He is wrong upon his own statement, for I
have taken the trouble to go through the arith-
metical calculation myself, and I find it will
take five million two hundred and twenty-seven
thousand cubic yards. He then says that this
may'be done at twenty-five cents per cubic
yard. _ There is not a Senator who has not, had
experience enough on his own property to
know that it is utterly impossible to carry and
deposit a cubic yard of earth for twenty-live
cents. It cannot be done. I think it would
cost four times what he has stated. In my
opinion, to lay the quantity of earth he states
upon the island and to distribute it as must be
done would cost at least a dollar a cubic yard.
If it cost that, then it would cost to make this
gift acceptable $3,600,000, according to his esti-
mate, but according to my estimate it would
be $5,227,000. But suppose we divide it;
suppose it can be done for one half the amount
I have stated—and no man would contract for
it at that price if he had the soil close at hand,
and if it could be given to him—it would cost
§2,500,000 to make this gift capable of being
used. That does away with all the advantages
of this position on account of its vicinity to
coal and iron, for the interest of this money
would more than transport throughout all time
all the coal and iron that the Government
would require for this navy-yard.
There is no escape from this. It is useless
for the Senator from New Jersey to talk about
League Island being of the same geological
formation as the main land there. Why, sir,
we know without inquiry—every man who has
ever seen alluvial soil at the confluence of two
rivers where the land and the water mingle
and form an ooze, knows that it must be a
place, as the former Senator from New Jersey
stated in his remarks, where if a man puts his
foot in it is difficult to get it out. That will be
the case with us. If our Government should
get its foot into that position, in my judgment
he will never be able to extricate it. The
United States may receive this gift; tliey may
pour out treasure there ; there will be no end
to the enormous expense which will be en-
tailed ; and, after all, the position will be utterly
unfitted for a navy-yard. This is not an asser-
tion ; this is an opinion not founded upon the
report of the commission, but upon the state-
ments of the friends of the measure.
Mr. President, it would seem that there
ought to be some very strong reasons presented
to induce the Senate at this stage of the ses-
sion, in hot haste, to decide to tie their hands
for all time on this question ; for I say here,
without fear of contradiction, that ihe passage
of this bill at this time is tying the hands of
the Government for all time to come. Upon
what will you decide afterward? You accept
the gift of this island. What is the understand-
ing? That it is accepted for naval purposes.
If the honorable Senator from Iowa has some
doubt whether it will be wise to go on with
work on the island, it is far bettor to settle that
doubt now. Let us settle it before we decide
to take the property, not accept the title before
we make up our minds that it is an acceptable
piece of property.
But, sir, when you have accepted it; when
you have lavished upon it untold snins of
money; when you have decided that the iron-
clad navy-yard shall never be on the Potomac
river, nor at New London, nor on the Hudson,
nor at Perth Amboy, but at League Island;
wheu you have laid out three, four, or five
millious upon it, what have you? I wish the
Senate, before they take definite action on this
question, to consider for a moment what you
have when you have got it. 1 say to the Sen-
ate it is utterly worthless for the purpose in-
tended when received, and when it has been
prepared for its purposes by the expenditure
of millions. When you have done all, you
have got a place which is utterly worthless lor
your purposes, and why?
In the first place, it is a position which is lia-
ble, some say once in forty years, some once in
ten years, but in my beliet at least once i:i mx
years—it has happened twice within the last • ix
