1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
. 531
to their pay. And it would be an act of exceed-
ing unkindness, it would be ungenerous, it
would be unjust, to say to these men that be-
cause we did not accomplish all perhaps which
we ought to have done at that time, therefore
we will not now pay to them what we under-
took to pay to them.
I trust the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] will not insist upon changing
this matter. As to the way in which it came
to be inserted in this bill I do not think the
merits of the case are at all affected by any
such consideration. I was not present at the
time; but the amendment has been made in
the Committee of the Whole, whether legally
or illegally. It has been reported to the House
and mast now be acted upon. When we come
to act upon it I hope we will not be thrust
aside by any question which is not properly
germane to the merits of the appropriation
itself, but that %ve will vote upon it as a ques-
tion of good faith and as a question of merito-
rious desert and claim on the.part of the clerks
as originally intended by us.
Mr. STEVENS. I have only to say that
these different appropriations were all made
last year before the twenty per cent, clause was
inserted in the appropriation bill. I send up
and ask to have read a statement prepared by
the Clerk of this House upon this subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
"All have already received twenty per cent, advance
upon their previous salary, and this is permanent,
voted in the act of July 28,1866.
" If the resolutions are now executed, those included
in them will receive, some twenty-five, some thirty,
some forty, and some sixty per cent, additional on
the pay as existing before any legislation was had.
Those excluded will receive no increase beyond the
general increase voted alike to all. The increase
voted in the resolutions was irregular in amount,
because the language of the resolutions differed, some
referring back to the beginning of Congress, some to
the beginning of the last session, &c„ as the date at
which the increase should begin.
" I suppose thirty or forty thousand dollars would
be required to pay the resolutions.
"A letter from the Clerk of the House, transmitting
the resolutions and the correspondence with the First
Comptroller of the Treasury in regard to them, was on
Monday presented to the House, andhas not yet been
printed.
Mr. STEVENS called for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washburxe.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
say a word in reply to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Raymond.] I moved to strikeout
this appropriation in regard to telegraphs, and
if I may be permitted by my friend from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] who undertook to
administer a sort of rebuke to me yesterday
because I objected to paying $40,000 to a tel-
egraph company that has violated its contracts,
I will state the reason why I submitted my
motion and why I presume the House sus-
tained it.
It is well known to you, sir, and to the old
members generally, that the contract with this
telegraph company is one of the most extrava-
gant and profligate contracts ever entered into
by the Government. The company has made
so much money out of this contract that it
should be held to a strict performance of every
obligation. The Senate has investigated this
matter fully, and has found that the company
has violated its contract. For this reason the
Senate has in two instances, I believe, struck
out the appropriation for this company. I
think this is a good reason to induce us to strike
out this proposition. The Senate, after full
investigation, has rejected this appropriation,
and we have concurred in their rejection. Why
should we now send again to the Senate a prop-
osition to appropriate money to this company?
Mr. BLAINE. In what respect has the com-
pany violated its contract?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It has
overcharged and has delayed messages.
Mr. RAYMOND. With the consent of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
I desire to add a word or two on this subject.
As I understand, the only reason assigned for
the Government declining to fulfill its part
of this contract is that the Senate has once or
twice refused to make the appropriations to
carry out the contract. I acknowledge that
this would be a good reason, provided that the
reasons which influenced the action-of the Sen-
ate were such as to satisfy the judgment of this
House. But the mere fact that the Senate has
taken such action is no reason why wfe should
blindly follow in its footsteps. I should be
glad if the gentleman from Illinois would state
the grounds on which the Senate acted. If he
can show any instances in which the company
has palpably and intentionally violated its con-
trac I wilKyield my convictions on this sub-
ject as readily as any one. I would like to ask
the gentleman whether there is any other alle-
gation than this: that in one or two instances
—and I think the names could be specified in all
the instances which may be brought in ques-
tion—the company's employes have made an
overcharge for private messages from Denver
east. I ask him further, whether in each of
those cases the error was not corrected as soon
as it was brought to the knowledge of the com-
pany?
If this contract is profligate, let Congress
provide for its abrogation. I am perfectly
willing, if the gentleman will allow me, to.
offer a proviso that this sum shall be appro-
priated in fulfillment of the contract, upon the
condition that the company will consent to the
abrogation of the existing contract upon the
application of the Secretary of the Treasury
or any other officer who may represent the
Government in the matter. I submit that the
gentleman should give us some better reason
for violating a Government contract than the
mere fact that the Senate refuses to consent to
the appropriations required to carry out the
contract
Mr. STEVENS. I ask a separate vote on
the amendment with reference to the additional
pay of House clerks and employes.
Mr. GRINNELL. An amendment was
adopted in Committee of the Whole, on my
motion, striking out the provision for a "clerk
of pardons." Learning from authentic sources
that there is a necessity for this clerk, on
account of the applications for pardons from
persons imprisoned, &c., I am willing, npon
deliberation, to consent that the provision for
this clerk shall be retained.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
the amendment will be reconsidered, and the
clause restored to its original form.
There was no objection.
Mr. HALE. I ask a separate vote upon the
amendment providing for a termination of the
contract for furnishing volumes of the Con-
gressional Globe to members of future Con-
gresses.
The various amendments reported from the
Committee of the Whole, except those on
which a separate vote wasw demanded, were
agreed to.
The Clerk read the following amendment of
the Committee of the Whole, on which Mr.
Hale asked a separate vote :
Page 4, line seventy-two, add the following:
Provided further. That no appropriations shall be
made for supplying complete sets of the Congres-
sional Globe ana Appendix to members of any suc-
ceeding Congress.
The House divided •, and there were—ayes
24, noes 62.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. H ale and Mr.
Farnswokth were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 51, noes 57.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The question next recurred on concurring
in the following amendment, on which a sepa-
rate vote was asked by Mr. Hale :
Page 8, lino one hundred and sixty-three, insert the
following proviso: ... , . ^
Provided, That notice is hereby given that at the
elose of the Fortieth. Congress of tne United btates
will terminate the purchase of one complete set of
the Congressional Slobe and Appendix for each Sen-
ator, Representative, and Delegate, provided for by
the act approved July 4,1864.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 55, notroting51f
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Delos E. Ashley, Baker, Banks,
Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Bidwell, Boutwell, Braa-
degee, Bromwell, Broomall, Reader W. Clarke,
Cobb.Conkling, Cook, Cuilom, Dawes,Defrees, Eck-
ley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Finck,
Goodyear, Grinnell, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Har-
winN.Hubbell, James R.HubbelLIngersoll, Julian,
Ketchara, Koontz, Kuykendall. Laflin, George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lynch, Marvin, May-
nard, Mclndoe, McKee, McJEtuer, Mercur, Moor-
head, Morris, Mouiton, Orfch, Paine. Perha.ni, Pike,
Plants, Pomeroy, Price, John H. Rice, Rifcter, Rol-
lins, Sawyer, Schenck, Seofield, Shellabarger. Sloan,
Spalding, Stokes, Taber, Nelson Taylor, John L.
Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson. Van Aernam, Burt
Van Horn, "Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry JX
"Washburn, William B. Washbnrn, Wentworth, and
Williams—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Baldwin, Bergen, Bingham, Blaine,
Boyer, Buckland, Campbell, Cooper, Dawson, De-
rning, Denison. Dixon, Eldridge, Glossbrenner.Hale,
Hayes, Hise, Hogan, Holmes, Humphrey, Hunter,
Jenckes, Johnson, Kelley, Kelso, Kerr, Le Blond,
Loan, Loneyear.Marshall, MeClnrg, Miller, Newell,
Niblack, Nichoteon, O'Neill, Radford, William H.
Randall, Raymond, Rogers, Ross, Shanklin, Sit-
freaves, Stevens, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thayer,
hornton, Andrew H.Ward, Welker, JamesF. Wil-
son, and Woodbridge—65.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Arneli,
Beaman, Blow, Bundy, Chanler, Sidney Clarke,
Culver, Darling, Davis, Delano, Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs,Dumont, Eggleston, Garfield, Griswold, Har-
ris, Hart, Hooper, Motchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Jones, Kasson, Latham, Leftwich, Mars-
ton, McCullough, Morrill, Myers, Noel!, Patterson,
Phelps, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander H. Rice,
Rousseau, Starr, Stilwell, Strouse, Francis Thomas,
Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, Hamilton Ward,
Whaley, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Winfield, and
Wright—51.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The question then recurred on the following
amendment, on which a separate vote was
asked by Mr. Raymond :
Strike out these words:
For facilitating communication between the At-
lantic and Pacific States by electrical telegraph,
$40,000.
Mr. RAYMOND. I ask unanimous consent
to add the following proviso:
Provided,- The company will c.onsent to the abroga-
tion of the existing contract upon the application of
the Secretary of the Treasury. t
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object;'
they are not entitled to anything.
The House divided j and there were—ayes
63, noes 34.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The question next recurred on the following
amendment, on which a separate vote was*
asked by Mr. Bidwell.
Strike out the following: _ t
For continuing the collection of reliable statistical
information concerning the gold and silver mines of
the western States and Territories, which shall in-
clude the labor and capital employed, the product
and the modes of working the same, which informa-
tion shall be reported to Congress, $10,000.
Mr. BIDWELL. I happened to be absent
yesterday, and ask unanimous consent to make
a few words of explanation.
Mr, FARNSWORTH. I object
The House divided; and there were—ayes
64, noes 34.
Mr. BIDWELL demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The question next recurred on the following
amendment, on which a separate vote was asked
by Mr. Stevens :
Strike oat the following:
For compensation of five watchmen in reservation
No. 2, $4,500.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The
amendment,
by Mr. Stevens :
And be it further enacted. That to enable the Clerk
of the Ilouse of Bepmentatives to pay the increases
