THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
January 1/7;
compensation voted 6y the House during the Thirtv-
Hinth Congress.to its 'employfis, clerks and others,
and to pay the increased rate of compensation thereby
authorized, a sum sufficient therefor is hereby appro-
priated .out of any money iu the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
The question was taken on concurring in the
amendment made in Committee of the Whole;
and it was concurred' in—ayes eighty-three ;
noe3 not counted. • '
The question recurred on ordering the bill,
as amended; to.be engrossed and read a third
time/ . ....
- Mr. BID WELL. Is it in order to move an
amendment?
iTha SPEAKER. It is not, the previous
question having been moved.
• Ae bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read- a third time and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
- Mr. STEVENS. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
• The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to. reconsider upon the table.
The latter, motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS. .
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
ls.House bill-No. 543, in regard to reconstruc-
tion.
Mr'. STEVENS. There are a great many
fentlemen around, me who want a morning
our. L will agree, therefore, to have this bill
postponed till the expiration of the morning
tour.
No objection was made.
" The SPEAKER. ■ The morning; hour has
nowcommeticedj and thejfirSt business in order
is Senate bill-No. 380, to incorporate the Wash-
ington Cbunty' Horse Railroad" Company in the
District of Columbia, being the unfinished busi-
ness at the expiration of the morning hour yes-
terday, on which the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Mayxakd] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. I yield to allow several
gentlemen to offer resolutions' by unanimous
consent.
reporting congressional proceedings.
■ Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was referred
to the Committee on Printing under the law:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing
by iaw for tbe reportmg ot'.the debates and proceed-
ings of Congress by reporters chosen by each House
thereof, and for the publication of such debates and
proceedings at the Government Printing Office, with
leave to report by bill or otherwise.
report op feeedmen's bureau.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was referred to
the Committee on Printing under the law:
Resolved, That two thousand extra copies of the
HSport of tho Commissioner of the Bureau of Frced-
men and Befugees be printed; one thousand for the
ttSb of the Commissioner and oue thousand for the
use of member? of the House.
texas debt.
Mr. WASHBURN,, of Indiana, by unani-
mous' consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which, being a call for executive infor-
mation, was. considered-by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of the Treasury be
instructed to report to the House what amount of the
debt due by the United States to the State of Texas
previous to the rebellion yet remains unpaid, and
whether the State of Texas has accounted for the
money and stores taken by said State from the con-
federate authorities upon tho breaking up of the
confederacy, and the amount of said money and
stores.
investigation at west point.
• Mr. ANCONA. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be directed to inquire into alleged abuses in the qual-
ity and charges for board and other articles furnished
at West Point; that they have power to send for per-
sons and papers and to proceed to West Point to.
prosecute the investigation, if in their judgment
(tecmad expedient.
•' Mr. SCHENCK. I will ask my colleague
on the committee to accept an amendment to
his resolution. I understand the resolution is
offered upon representations which have been
made to my colleague on the committee, and
through liim to the committee. But if there-
should be an investigation instituted it seems
to me it ought to be more general and not be
confined to that particular matter. I ask.the
gentleman therefore to accept the following as
an addition to his resolution:
In which case the committee shall extend its in-
vestigation as far as may seem to be required into
other matters connected with the administration and
discipline of the institution. •
Mr. ANCONA.. I accept it.
Mr. RADFORD. I object.
The SPEAKER. It is too late. The reso-
lution is already before the House by unani-
mous consent.
The resolution as modified was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
king and wood.
Mr. HITCHCOCK, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution for the relief of
King & Wood, of the Territory of Nebraska;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
mixerat resources of tiie united states.
Mr. H1GBY, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was referred
to the Committee on Printing under the law:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of having the
report of J. Boss Browne to the Secretary of the
Treasury upon the mineral resources of the United
States pjinted in the French and German languages
for distribution at the Paris Exposition.
tariff on silk goods.
Mr. B1DWELL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of mak-
ing the tariff on silk goods imported into the United
States specific, according to weight, instead of ad
valorem, as recommended in the statement of Louis
W. VioHier, herewith submitted for reference to said
committee:
washington county iiorse railroad.
The House then proceeded to the consider-
ation of the bill pending yesterday at the ex-
piration of the morning Hour, being Senate bill
No. 380, to incorporate the Washington County
Horse Railroad Company in the District of
Columbia, reported from the Committee for
the District of Columbia by Mr. Maynard.
The bill was read. It provides that Samuel
P. Brown, Francis Mattingly, Noble D. Lar-
ner, Marshall Brown, and Joseph L. Pearson,
and their associate* and assigns be created a
body-corporate under the name of the " Wash-
ington County Horse Railroad Company," with
authority to construct and lay down a double
or single track railway, with the necessary
switches and turn-outs in the county of Wash-
ington, in the District of Columbia, as follows:
commencing at Boundary street, at its inter-
section with Fourteenth street, and along the
Fourteenth street road in a northerly direction
to a point where said road intersects a new
road recently opened by the levy court, and
along said new road in an easterly direction
to the Seventh street turnpike, and along said
turnpike in a southerly direction to Boundary
street; provided that the consent of the
board of directors of the Seventh Street Turn-
pike Company be first obtained for the use of
their road, with the right to run public car-
riages thereon, and receiving therefor a rate
of fare not exceeding ten cents a passenger for
any distance on said road.
The second section provides that the said
railroad shall be deemed real estate, and it,
with the other real and personal property of
said body-corporate, shall be liable to taxation
as other real estate and personal property in
the county aforesaid, except as hereinafter pro-
vided.
The third section provides that the said rail-
way shall be laid in the most, appovei manner
adapted for street railways, and that the tracks
shall not be more than six nor less 4han foar
feet apart, and the gauge the same as that of
the street railways in the city of Washington.
Section four provides fhat the tracks of
the said railway shall be laid in such a manner
as will least interfere with the ordinary travel
of the roads over which the said tracks shall
be laid.
The fifth section provides that this act of
incorporation may at any time be altered,
amended, or repealed by the Congress of the
United States.
The sixth section provides that nothing in
the act shall be so construed as to authorize
said body-corporate to issue any note, token,
device, scrip, or other evidence of debt to be
used as-currency.
The seventh section enacts that the capital
stock of said company shall be not less than
two nor more than five hundred thousand dol-
lars, and that the stock shall be divided into
shares of fifty dollars each, and shall be deemed
personal property, transferable in such man-
ner as the by-laws of said company may direct.
The eighth section directs that the company
shall place first-class cars on said railway, with
all the modern improvements, for the conven-
ience and comfort of passengers, and shall
run cars thereon daily as often as the public
convenience may require.
Section nine provides that the company shall
procure such passenger rooms, ticket offices,
stables, and depots at such points as the busi-
ness of the railroad and the*convenienceof'the
public may require; and it authorizes the com-
pany to lay such rails as may be necessary for
the purpose of connecting the said stabies and
depots with main tracks. It likewise authorizes
the company to purchase or lease such lands
or buildings as may be necessary for passenger
rooms, ticket offices, stables, and depots above
mentioned.
Section ten provides that all articles of value
that may be inadvertently left in the cars or
other vehicles of said company shall be taken
to their principal depot and entered in a book
of record of unclaimed goods, which book shall
be open to the inspection of the public at all
reasonable hours of business.
Section eleven provides that the corporation
shall, on demand of the President of the Uni-
ted States, Secretary of War, or Secretary of
the Navy, cause to be transported over said
railway any freight cars laden with freight for
the use of the United States; the officers
causing such service to be done shall pay a
reasonable compensation therefor.
Section twelve provides that within thirty
days after the passage of this act the corpora-
tors named in the first section, or a majority
of them, or if any refuse or neglect to act, then
a majority of the remainder, shall cause the
books of subscription to the capital stock of
said company to be opened and kept open in
some convenient and accessible place in the
city of Washington, from nine o'clock in the
forenoon until three o'clock in the afternoon,
for a period to be fixed by said corporators,
not less than two days; and said corporators
shall give public notice, by advertisement iu
the daily papers published in the city of Wash-
ington, of the time when- and the place where
said books shall be opened; and subscribers
upon said books to the capital stock of the
company shall be held to be stockholders ;
provided every subscriber shall pay at the
time of subscribing twenty-five per cent, of
the amount by him subscribed to the treasurer
appointed by the corporators, or his subscrip-
tion shall be null and void. If a larger amount
than the capital stock of said company shall
have been subscribed, the books shall be closed,
and the said corporators named in the first sec-
tion shall forthwith proceed to apportion said
capital stock among the subscribers pro rata,
and make public proclamation of ths number
