534
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
leave the Departments, there would be hun-
dreds wishing to ride, while at other times the
passengers would be but few. Can this Con-
fress with any justice require this company to
eep six, eight, or ten cars in waiting at certain
hours to accommodate a momentary rush of
passengers? This would impose upon the com-
pany a hardship which would result in the
abandonment of the project. The Washington
and Georgetown Railroad Company and the
Metropolitan Railroad Company, already in-
corporated, are hot subjected to any such re-
quirement.
Mr. HILL. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois yield to me for a moment?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will hear any sug-
gestion of the gentleman.
• Mr. HILL. I desire to read the require-
ment which is imposed upon the Washington
and Georgetown Railroad ,Company by its
charter:
"The said company sball place first-class cars on
said railways, with all the modern improvements for
the convenience and comfort of passengers, and shall
run cars thereon during the day as often as every five
mmutes, except as to Seventh and Fourteenth streets,
and on these once in fifteen minutes each'way, and
until twelve o'clock at night as often, as every half
hour; and throughout duv and night asmuch oftener
as public convenience may require."
Mr. INGERSOLL. All that there is in
that section is incorporated in this bill.
Now, sir, let me state for the information of
the House that this company proposes to com-
mence its road at the terminus of the Four-
teenth street railroad, extending it about a
mile and a half into the country, then crossing
over to the Seventh street turnpike, and com-
ing down Seventh street to the terminus of the
Seventh street railroad. The whole extent of
the route is about four miles. It will run
through a suburban portion of the District
which at present is sparsely populated, but
which is being settled by clerks and mechanics
and laborers, the very men for whom above all
others we should provide accommodations of
the sort here proposed.
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Ingersoll] yield to me for a question?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes, sir.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman has stated the
route of this railroad. I wish to ask him in
this connection whether the route which he
describes does or does not run around what is
known as the " Corcoran farm," and whether
he knows or has heard that this proposition
for chartering a railroad is part and parcel of
a job for the sale of that " Corcoran farm" to
the Government for a presidential mansion
and park, and the Lord knows what all?
Mr. INGERSOLL. No, sir; I have heard
nothing of the kind ; and even if it were true
it would not affect this question, which is one
involving the interests, not merely of those who
are to be the corporators of this road, Ifut of
those who now reside and shall hereafter take
up their residence in that section of country
through which the road is to pass.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will not detain the
House in reference to this matter any longer,
except to add that a'reservation is made in
this bill by which Congress retains control over
this road, so that if these powers be abused or
the public be put to inconvenience in regard to
the running of the cars or anything else, we
can at any time alter, amend, or abolish the
charter.
Mr. MAYNARD. I was called away tem-
porarily from my desk when the consideration
of this bill was resumed this morning. When
I reported it I intended to yield to any gentle-
man who thought proper to make the motion,
which I was not authorized to make myself,
that each Senator, Representative, and Dele-
gate during his official term should be permitted
to ride free on the ears of this company as a
matter of right. I wiil not give my views in
this connection ; but it would relieve the mem-
bers of this House from some insinuations and
imputations and suggestions which are thrown
our., and which are not very pleasant to hear.
I will not move the amendment myself, but
will yield to any gentleman who may think
proper to do so.
It was intimated by a question which has
been propounded that this is a private enter-
prise, a matter of private speculation. Un-
doubtedly it is so. Those who invest in rail-
roads do not do so without expecting to make
something. That is undoubtedly so. This will
afford access to country I do not know how
many miles from the Capitol, and will enlarge
the area, where those who are engaged here in
the Government service may seek homes for
themselves. It will be of great benefit to the
public; and, as has been well said, the bill con-
tains a reservation by which Congress may
alter and amend or abolish this charter if it be
abused.
Mr. Grinnell's amendment to the amend-
ment was disagreed to.
Mr. Schenck.'s amendment was also defeated.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
first congregational society.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back Senate
bill No. 253, to incorporate the First Congre-
gational Society of Washington, with the fol-
lowing substitute:
That Hiram Barber, Roswell H. Stevens, Charles
H. Howard, Silas H. Hodges, Henry A. Brewster,
John W. Kumsey, David M. Kelsey, Abner T. Long-
ley, Benjamin F. Morris, William T. Bascom, S. (3.
Pomeroy, and Calvin S. Mattoon, and their asso-
ciates. are hereby created a body politic and cor-
porate by the name of " The First Congregational
Society of Washington;" and as such may purchase,
hold, and convey real and personal estate, make
contracts, sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded,
and may exercise all such powers as are requisite to
enable them to sustain reiigious worship in Wash-
ington, in the District of Columbia, and to erect and
maintain edifices for that purpose, and parsonages;
and said society shall be exempt from any taxes to
be assessed upon their property, under the authority
of Congress, or of the District of Columbia, or the city
or county of Washington: Provided, That the whole
value of their property shall not exceed $200,000.
Sec. 2. And be* it further enacted, That the first
meeting of said society shall be holden at the time
and place at which a majority of the persons herein
above named shall assemble for that purpose; and
six days' notice shall be given each of said corpora-
tors; at-which meeting, and at all annual meetings,
and at all meetings specially called for that object,
said society may enact, amend, or repeal by-laws
regulating the.governmentof said society; prescrib-
ing the number, character, and duties of their offi-
cers, and the manner of their election; defining the
terms on which members may be admitted to it, and
shall cease to be such; and providing in all things for
the management of the affairs of said society or for
securing its interests and welfare.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the powers
of this corporation shall vest in a board of trustees,
who shall be chosen as provided by the by-laws, and
shall consistof five persons, and shall haveperpetual
succession, each one holding his office until his suc-
cessor is chosen and qualified.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If it is in order I sug-
gest that my friend from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
should add a proviso to this bill that no more
persons should be admitted into this church
than they have eligible seats for. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I would then perhaps de-
prive the gentleman from Illinois of the means
of grace, and I know none who so much needs
it. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. Of late I have asso-
ciated much with the gentleman from Ohio,
and consequently I shall not insist that he
shall offer the proviso.
Mr. THAYER. Has it been customary in
acts of incorporation of religious societies in
Washington to insert a clause of exemption
from taxation ? If it has I then do not object;
but if not, inasmuch as equality is the essence
of justice in taxation, I move to strike it out.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That question came up
in the committee, and we were reliably in-
formed that no church in Washington paid
taxes of any kind on church property.
Mr. THAYER. Assuming that statement
to be correct I shall make no objection.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
justices of the peace in the district.
Mr. WELKER, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back House bill
No. 571, to regulate proceedings before justices
of thejpeace, and for other purposes, with a
substitute therefor.
The substitute, which was read, provides
that justices of the peace in the District of
Columbia shall have jurisdiction in all cases
where the amount claimed does not exceed
$100, except in cases involving title to real
estate, actions for assault and battery, slan-
der, &c. It further provides that the supreme
court shall establish rules of practice and forms
of proceedings and fix and determine fees and
costs to be taxed; that all justices of the peace
may issue civil and criminal warrants return-
able before themselves, but causes may be
removed on filing a proper affidavit that the
applicant believes he will not get a fair and
impartial trial on account of prejudice or other
reasonable cause; that no person shall be fined
for disorderly conduct unless guilty of acts dis-
orderly in themselves; and that in all criminal
cases the justice shall allow the defendant rea-
sonable time to prepare for defense or bail. It
repeals all acts of the Legislature of Maryland
or of Congress now in force inconsistent with
this act, which takes effect from and after its
passage.
Mr. WELKER. I demand the previous
question on the adoption of the substitute.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the substitute was agreed to.
■ The bill as amended was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
grand and petit lakceny.
Mr. WELKER, from the same committee,
reported backHouse bill No. 431, definingand
providing for the punishment of grand and petit
larceny, with a substitute therefor.
The substitute, which'wasread, declares steal-
ing to the value of thirty-five dollars to be petit
larceny, and punishes the same by imprison-
ment at hard labor not less than one year nor
more than three; it declares the stealing of
bank bills, promissory notes, receipts, checks,
bonds, &c., of the value of thirty-five dollars a
misdemeanor, and affixes the same punishment;
also the buying and receiving of stolen goods
or chattels, promissory notes, <fcc., of the like
value knowing the same to be stolen. It also
affixes penalties for embezzlement and for the
fraudulent taking of goods by common carriers.
It provides that all persons sentenced to im-
prisonment in jail may be employed under reg-
ulations prescribed by the supreme court, tho
proceeds thereof being applied to pay the ex-
penses of their trial and conviction, and that
the supreme court shall make proper regula-
tions necessary for the health and proper treat-,
ment of tho prisoners. Four peremptory chal-
lenges are allowed to the defendant; payment
of necessary witness fees and costs are allowed
the same as Government witnesses aro now
paid; attorneys who may be assigned by tho
court are not to be paid more than twenty-five
dollars; all laws of the District inconsistent
with the provisions of this act are repealed, aud
the act takes effect from and after its passage.
Mr. MAYNARD. I appeal to my colleague
on the committee [Mr. Welker] to allow me
to offer a single amendment. One of the sec-
tions of the bill provides that—
" On the trial of any person charged with crime tlie
punishment whereof may be confinement in the pen-
itentiary or district jail, the defendant shall be enti-
tled to four peremptory challenges of jurors."
I desire to move that instead of four, ten
peremptory challenges be allowed. So far as
