1298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
or the interest of Pennsylvania. I trust I have
divested my mind entirely of any influence of
that character. To be sure I confess I should
be gratified if it should turn out that the Sen-
ate on examination should be of opinion
that New London is the proper place; but I
hope-. I never would vote for it unless I be-
lieved it was so.
Why should not this inquiry be made ? Why
not investigate the subject? Why urge on this
purpose? Where is the immediate haste? I
confess I do not see it. Suppose six months
should elapse. Wo do not propose to go into
the expense of building iron-clads at present.
Why, then, coi.ne to an immediate decision
which shall bind the Government? Sir, I think
the public interest would be far better subserved
by an examination and inquiry like th&t pro-
?osed by the Senator from Massachusetts; aud
shall therefore vote for his amendment.
Mr. POMliROY. Mr. President, I know I
ought not to occupy any of the time of the Sen-
ate on this bill. - There are other bills that I
think of more pressing importance which are
awaiting our consideration. If the bill which
came from the House of Representatives yes
terday could be considered, 1 would not occupy
a moment upon this bill. I do not know that
it is possible to consider that measure until
this is disposed of, although 1 would much
prefer to enter upon the consideration of that
bill at once.
1 desire, however, before this vote is taken,
to have it distinctly understood that this is no
question confined* to Connecticut. From the
discussion we had yesterday the Senate might
conclude dial this was a mere contest between
Connecticut and some other Slate or some
Oilier locality. 1 have no particular interest
in it, nor have llie people of my State. The
people of Iowa and of the western Stall's have
no particular interest, in it as Stales, but they
are a purl of the United Stall's, and we are
Senators of the United States as well as of our
States, and questions of this character alfeet
us all. I suppose that, we in proportion to the
weight we have in tlw country have an equal
interest.
1 have been surprised that this question was
supposed to have any distinctive influence and
bearing upon New London or Connecticut.
1 looked the bill through, and I could not find
an allusion to Connecticut. or New London.
1 have some objections to this bill, anil my
opposition to it would be just as strong if Con-
necticut or New London had never been
spoken of. The question here is whether we
shall accept League Island, aud in my judg-
ment that involves the other question, of
milking it the great naval station and depot of
this country. If it, does not mean that, then 1
have no objection to taking it. If I thought
the bill was as harmless as has been intimated,
that the only question was what the Senator
from New Jersey yesterday said, whether we
would take a magnificent donation like the gift
of six hundred acres of League Island, and
there was nothing to follow it, I would say yes,
take it of course; lake everything they want
to give us. If that is all there is in it, why
occupy any time upon it ? Why is there any
objection to taking it?
But every Senator, I apprehend, believes
that behind this there are to be appropriations
sufficient to make it a great naval station, a
place to build as well as to keep vessels. If it
was only designed to store the iron-clads we
have got now, any place in fresh water, 1 sup-
pose, would answer that purpose. Senators
tell us that League Island is a very good place
for that; but I am certain that what is intended
by this measure, and what the country means,
is to find some place to build ships as well as
to keep them. I lie time has come when wc
are to be and make ourselves a naval Power
among the nations of the world, and to do this
we must build ships, not only equal, but supe-
rior, if possible, to those of the other naval
Powers of the globe. In accepting a place for
such a location as that, the question with us is
whether it is a suitable place for us to build a
great naval station and to construct vessels
that will contend with any in the world.
Although we do not know absolutely what
is before us in the future, yet the shades of the
future are sufficiently developed to make us
believe that hereafter the accomplishments in
naval science will far eclipse aud be greatly in
advance of anything we have had in the past.
We can all remember when if a vessel was
built of sufficient magnitude and capacity to
draw fifteen or twenty feet of water it was
called an immense structure. But now a ves-
sel drawing no more water than that would not
bo considered worth bringing into a contest if
there was to be a naval fight. It is only a few
years ago since we contemplated the question
of applying steam to our war vessels, and
especially of making iron-clad vessels, and
since that system has been discussed the country
has adopted it. The magnitude of these ves-
sels cannot be contemplated. To be sure,
this year they will build them drawing twenty-
two, twenty-five, or twenty-six feet of water.
Ten j'ears from now unquestionably they will
build them drawing thirty or forty feet. If we
are to pursue the line on which,we have com-
menced, and I know of no reason why it should
not be pursued, the question will yet be, what
nation can present the largest iron-clad vessels
with the heaviest arm&inent.
If we are going to establish a naval station
with any such ideas calculating to meet, the
wants of the country and the world, it is of
the first and greatest importance to us to see
that we have it located where we can accom-
plish this object. 1 have no prejudices against
League Island. My argument would apply
just as well against any station on a river that
is not navigable for this class of vessels. I
would not have it up the Hudson, nor up the
Potomac, nor up the Delawaro. unless it was
accessible to the class of vessels that we pro-
pose to build.
And hero I ought also to remark that in
building vessels the most experienced builders
never build them until the limber composing
the hull lias been seasoned in salt water. I
see from the report that in the French navy-
yards the timber composing the hulls of their
vessels is seasoned in salt water from two to
five years before they build. If that is val-
uable, and 1 suppose it is, or it would not be
used, it is preposterous in us to think of con-
structing a navy-yard where there is no salt
water and where this kind of seasoning cannot
be had.
Then there is another fact that ought not to
be lost sight of: the rivers of this country are
diminishing year by year. I went to the library
to get a woi k on this subject, that has been lately
published ; but I was not able to get it. The
title of the work is '' Man and Nature," show-
ing that the rivers of the world are diminishing
year after year and trom generation to genera-
tion. The fact i.s accounted for in this way:
as you cut oft' the forests of the country, and as
you subject the land to agriculture, the evap-
oration is either greater or the soil absorbs
more of the rain. At any rate, the fact, exists,
demonstrated clearly by French and English
experience, that the rivers of the world are
diminishing. It is said upon very good author-
ity that eighty years ago the Delaware itself
was large enough to take the Great Eastern up
to Philadelphia. It co'uld not take the Great
Eastern up there now. The Hudson river, at
any rate, is diminishing year by year. The
Potomac is not as good for navigation now as
it was when Washington was laid out. Every-
body knows that. The banks of the river fall
in ; the river flows wider and not as deep; the
channel is filling up. Let this process continue
for fifty years or one hundred years more, as
it undoubtedly will, and nothing that you could
call a vessel of war could get up to League
Island.
I will not speak of such obstacles as the ice,
&c. I do not know whether those obstacles
really exist or not. It. is sufficient for me to
state that the nature of the x-iver is such that
you cannot get a vessel there of the magnitude
we propose to build; and if establishing a
navy-yard there is not in order to build as well
as to store iron-clads, I do not know what
the bill is for. If the bill simply means that
we are to accept League Island and not make'
a naval station of it, then there is no use of
this contest; but I take it for granted that
every Senator and the country understands
that in accepting League Island, we accept it
for the purpose that the country anticipates,
and that has been under discussion here for
three or four years, and that is to have one great
naval station where we can store and build our
Navy, not only to make it equal to any in the
world, but to make it superior, so that we can
contend for all future time with any nation
that may choose to contend with us. The
war demonstrated that our most successful
armament was in those iron-clads and moni-
tors ihat were almost wholly submerged. It
is no objcct to build n steamer in the air. We
must build it so that it will go in and under,
if need be, the water, at least go deep into the
water. You cannot plate one with the thick-
ness that is now required unless it does draw
an amount of water that was not contemplated
by us when we first commenced building.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inform the Senator
that none of them draws seventeen feet of
water.
Mr. POMEROY. I am not talking about
vessels built on the spur of the moment during
the war. 1 am talking about vessels that have
got to be built to make the Navy of the United
States equal to the navies of the world.
Mr. GRIMES. Does the Senator know what
the vessel said to be the strongest vessel and
the heaviest armored vessel in the world, the
Dundcrberg, draws?
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know; lam not
informed. I know from the reports made to
us what the vessels built in Prance and in Eng-
land draw. There has been an account read
this morning from the desk showing that they
are building vessels drawing from twenty-five
to twenty-six feet.
Mr. GRIMES. Not one of which has ever
been able to get as far as Lisbon,-and not, one
of which can go te sea to-day. The Dundcr-
berg, built by Mr. Webb, and claimed to be the
strongest and most substantial and powerful
ship in the world, only draws twenty feet.
Mr. POMEROY. I am not talking about
any particular vessel. For the purposes of my
argument I do not talk about any vessels built
in the world to-day. I am only showing that
we are in the courso of improvement,.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose the Senator is
alluding to that ship described by Washington
Irving as coining into the harbor of New York,
which was fifty feel long, fifty feet broad, and
fifty feet deep. [Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. 1 am only contending that
if we continue to progress in the science of
naval architecture as we have done for the last
fifty years, no one can tell what we may be
required to build in the course of the next fifty
years ; and I say it is preposterous, I may al-
most say ridiculous, to fasten upon this coun-
try a naval station that will not answer the pur-
pose of building such a class of steamers when
we arc required to build them. There has been
nothing that I can remember on this subject but
.an advance and increase. We have increased
.the speed, increased the size, and increased the
draught. Suppose you fasten us to a naval
station where you have got only from eighteen
to twenty-two feet of water. Your Navy would
be safe up there, but the question is whether
the country would be safe; whether it would
answer the purpose for which we built a Navy;
whether our cities could be protected ; whether
our country could be safe with its vessels stored
eighty miles up a river. Of course foreign \ es-
sels could not reach them; neither could we
reach them.
My point is that we ought to build a station
of this character where it is accessible to any
mammoth ship that we may choose to build
in the future, or that any nation of the world
may build. That is a conclusive argument with
