1974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
acy within its constitutional power of the Gov-
ernment of the United States was restored
over the rebellious States, when the Constitu-
tion and the Union were maintained, then the
States should be regarded as restored with all
their rights, dignity, and equality unimpaired.
The President standing upon that declaration
of Congress, which has never been repealed,
and yet stands as the doctrine of the Govern-
ment, necessarily occupies in regard to this
question a position which made it impossible,
as I think, for him to sign the bill. His rea-
sons now go to the country. Whether they be
read now or not, the time will come when they
will be read and considered ; and that message
which has been read to us to-night will stand,
in my judgment, as one of the ablest exposi-
tions of the doctrines of our Government.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, it is not my
purpose at this time to go into this discussion
at any length. I desire merely to state in the
briefest possible terms some of the reasons
that compel me to vote against the bill under
consideration.
I believe it to be clearly and palpably in con-
flict with the plainest provisions of the Consti-
tution of the United States. If I were to vote
for it I should be guilty of a deliberate and
conscious violation of my official oath. The
country is now in a state of profound peace.
The rebellion has ceased to exist; its termina-
tion has been announced by the proclamation
of the President of the United States, and this
proclamation has been recognized by solemn
act of Congress. By the second section of an
act passed at the present session it is expressly
provided that a certain act therein named—
" Shall continue in full force and effect for threo
years from and after the close of the rebellion, as
announced by the President of the United States, by
proclamation bearing date the 20th day of August,
1866."
I have before me the bill containing this
provision, which is now the law of the land, as
passed by both Houses of Congress and signed
by the President. Let me read the provision
in full:
"That section one of the act entitled 'An act to
increase the pay of soldiers,' &c„ approved June 20,
1864, be, and the same is hereby, continued in full
force and effect for three years from and after the
close of l.ho rebellion, as announced by the President
°,f United States by proclamation bearing date
the 20th day of August, 1866."
After this solemn recognition by Congress
of the fact that the rebellion has ceased, and
that peace prevails throughout the entire coun-
try, what power has Congress to establish a mili-
tary government and suspend the writ of habeas
corpus in the face of the express provision of
the Constitution that—
"The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall
notbo suspended unless when in cases of rebellion or
invasion the public safety may require it."
I regret to differ from the majority of this
body. I regret to differ from the honorable
Senator from Maryland; and he will pardon
me for saying that some portion of my views
on this subject have been derived from what he
himself has said in debate in this body upon
the very bill now before the Senate. Believ-
ing this bill in its letter and in its spirit to be
a plain and palpable violation of the Consti-
tution, I cannot and shall not vote for its pas-
sage.
Mr. BU CKALEW. Mr. President, I listened
on the evening of the loth of February to a
very interesting and very able speech against
this bill delivered by the Senator from Mary-
laiul. He spoke with great effect upon that
occasion, and his argument was well calculated
to carry conviction to the members of the Sen-
ate and to the citizens of the country. It is
only necessary to say, in brief, that the Sen-
ator s effort upon that occasion was equal to
his best efforts upon other occasions and at
former times. I have great confidence in his
intellectual powers; in fact that confidence-
goes to the extent of inducing the belief that
he could have made, if he had then chosen, a
speech equally effective and powerful as an
intellectual performance upon the opposite side
of the question to that which he advocated. Bat
what was remarkable, at least to me as a mem-
ber of the audience upon that occasion, was
not the logical or elocutionary power of that
member, because those are often manifested
by him, but it was the immense power of the
truth of which he was then the agent and
spokesman. That truth yet remains in my
memory, and yet influences my judgment. I
have not changed the opinions which I then
held and which I attempted to maintain when
I followed him in that great debate, and when,
in the opinion of those of us who spoke against
I the bill, our arguments even shook the faith
and caused a wavering of purpose among men
pledged and committed to the fortune of that
bill; and that to such an extent that the meas-
ure was taken from this Chamber the next
morning and committed to the consultations
of a secret body of whose proceedings there is
no record in the Congressional Globe, nor in
any other authentic publication accessible to the
i public. To-night, sir, the Senator from Mary-
, land stands forward to announce to us that he
not only votes for this bill, but that he votes for
it in the face of the country against what I
|! may describe justly as that most powerful and
exhaustive paper which has come to us from
the Chief Magistrate of the United States.
Well, sir, his opinion is entitled to respect,
and the course which he adopts upon a public
question, and especially upon such a public
question as this, is one which may well cause
those who are juniors in the public service to
pause and reconsider the positions which they
maintained, if those positions are opposed to
that which he assumes.
But, sir, let me call the attention of the Sen-
ate to one fact with regard to his exposition
of his sentiments on this occasion. Has he
argued this bill? Has he come in his remarks
within the four corners of this enactment? Has
he discussed its provisions to demonstrate that
they are either constitutional or wise? No, sir.
He has told us that under the circumstances
which exist outside this Chamber with refer-
ence to the condition of affairs in the country,
and with reference to considerations which
concern the future policy and conduct of men
in the southern States, he is induced to give
his voice in favor of this measure. Sir, he
makes a speech here upon a question which is
not before us; ho makes a speech here upon
the question of the acceptance of the law, if
this bill be enacted into a law, by the people
of the South. He thinks it is expedient that
they should accept it, and his speech may be
taken as the expression of his opinion to go for
what it is worth, to have whatsoever of weight
it may merit with those to whom it is really
addressed.
I say that the speech of the Senator from
Maryland did not constitute an argument in
favor of the bill; that it was rather an argument
in favor of its acceptance. Therefore, in my
opinion, the Senator from Maryland has mis-
taken his forum of debate; his speech belongs
to a popular assemblage in the States of the
South after this bill shall have passed, and it is
not applicable or pertinent to the debate which
is taking place here upon its enactment. He
thinks it expedient that this measure should be
accepted for fear perhaps that a measure more
stringent and objectionable than this may fol-
low it in the future. I say then, sir, that for
aught that appears in his speech, this bill is
open to all the objections which were leveled
against it in the former debate, and that he
has advanced nothing which should influence
the judgment of any member of the Senate to
induce a vote in its favor.
One thing I will notice in his remarks, and
one thing only. He suggests that the existing
constitutions under which governments are
organized in the States of the South derive
their entire validity from the assent of the
people of those several States who have estab-
lished them, and that the recommendations
of the President of the United States, when
proceedings were instituted for their establish-
ment, possessed no legal force and no legal
validity whatever. Of course I agree in that
opinion entirely. Those constitutions are valid,
and the governments set up under them or
created by them are valid likewise, because
the people of those States have created and
have established them. I agree entirely with
the opinion of the Senator from Maryland;
but the inherent and ineradicable vice of this
bill is, that instead of recognizing the validity
of those governments thus established by the
people of those States, it declares in the pre-
amble that they have no legal existence, no legal
validity whatever, and it proceeds to establish
military governments throughout their jurisdic-
tion, and provides for their complete repudia-
tion and for the establishment of other govern-
ments in their stead. How any one can hold
to the opinion that those governments have
legal validity, have a constitutional existence,
that they were properly established by the peo-
ple of the States concerned, and yet find it in
his will to vote for this bill I cannot conceive.
I rose, sir, mainly for the purpose of point-
ing out the fact that the only argument in favor
of the passage of this bill which had been pre-
sented to us upon this occasion is addressed
to another audience than this, and relates to
considerations which will arise after this bill
becomes a law, and will be proper for consid-
eration elsewhere than in this Chamber.
I will add but one observation." The Presi-
dent of the United States has not exercised the
privilege which he enjoys under the Constitu-
I tion to withhold this bill from the action of
j Congress. It was sent to him within ten days
of the adjournment, and, if he had chosen to
do so, he could, by simple inaction, have pre-
vented the action of Congress upon it again at
this session; he could have defeated its enact-
ment into a law by that two-thirds vote which
is expected for it by its friends in this Cham-
ber as well as that similar vote which it has
already received in the House. In this action
of his on this question I entirely concur; in
other words, I heartily approve it. Although
it was within his power to have defeated the
action of Congress on this subject, although it
was in his power to have prevented this bill
fr£>m becoming a law at the present session,
even though there be a competent number of
votes for it in Congress, he has, by extraor-
dinary exertion, by zeal and diligence in its
examination, and in putting his views upon it
in form, transmitted it back to the representa-
tives of the people and of the States for their
judgment. In this he has acted in a manly
and proper manner, as became the executive
Chief Magistrate of this nation ; and I believe
that in all his official intercourse with Congress,
from the time when he assumed the duties of
his high office, he has behaved and conducted
himself with eminent propriety, with that cour-
tesy to us which was our due, with that high
sense of honor and of public duty in his rela-
tion to this department of the Government
which became alike his character and his sta-
tion. Whatever of criticism, strong and, in
the judgment of some, just criticism, may have
been directed against him sincc he assumed
the duties of his high office, has been for mat-
ters and things outside of the performance of
official duty, has been in other than his official
relations with the people of the United States.
He has sent this measure, I say, to us in ad-
vance of the limit in the Constitution within
which it is to be returned for congressional
consideration.
Now, sir, acting in this spirit there has been
and there will be no disposition to delay action
here by unnecessary debate. Those of us who
were opposed to this measure were heard upon
it fully upon a former occasion. We submitted
our views. Our opinions are before the coun-
try, and they will remain upon record, not for
the judgment alone of the men of this age, but
for the judgment of the men of future times.
Upon those arguments and upon this veto
message which has now been sent to us, and
which, like them, will be placed upon the per-
manent, enduring records of the country, we
are content to stand, and by them we are con-
tent to be judged. We have resisted military
