1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$ have liad an opportunity to observe the crim-
inal practice of the country that would not be
an undue provision in' favor of the personal
liberty of parties accused of crime.
Mr. WELKER. I have no objection to
yielding to allow the amendment to be offered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not intend to argue
it.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohi®. I hope it will not
be adopted.
Mr. WELKER. The practice of nearly all
the States does not allow so many challenges
in criminal trials in these prosecutions as the
amendment proposes. With the exception of
Tennessee I do not know of any State that
allows more than four challenges. I hope the
amendment will not be agreed to.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment of Mr. Maynard
was disagreed to.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. WELKER, the title of
the bill was amended so as to read, " A bill
providing for the punishment of certain crimes
therein named, and for other purposes."
transportation and coal company.
Mr. WELKER also, from the Committee
for the District of Columbia, reported back,
with an amendment, bill of the House No. 592,
to incorporate the Washington Transportation
and Coal Company.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, (interrupt-
ing the reading.) Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. WELKER. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hear
the name of Charles Knap among the incor-
porators. Is this bill for the benefit of the
Johnson committee which existed here during
the last campaign ?
Mr. WELKER. Not that I know of.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. He was
treasurer of the committee through which
black-mail was levied upon office-holders.
Mr. WELKER. I do not. know anything
about that, although I see his name among
the incorporators.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over until to-morrow.
numbering of houses in washington.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That tho Committee for tho District of
Columbia be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of having the houses in the city of Washington
numbered in accordance with the system adopted by
the city of Philadelphia, and report by bill or other-
wise.
printing op militia bill.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Printing, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That three thousand extra copies of tho
bill to provide for organizing, arming, and disciplin-
ing the militia, and for other purposes, referred to the
Committee on the Militia January 3,1867, k>o printed
in pamphlet form for the use of said committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is that for
the members of the committee or for the mem-
bers of the House? It seems to me too large
a number for the members of the committee.
The SPEAKER. For the use of the com-
mittee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
strike out the words "said committee" and
insert" House," so as to have these bills printed
for the use of the members of the House.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. This resolution is
reported in response to a request of the Com-
mittee on the Militia for copies of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is en-
tirely unprecedented. I never knew a resolu-
tion of this kind to pass.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I object to the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Wasiiburne.] I do not, for one, want
any copies of this bill.
The question was taken on Mr. Washburne's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
'Ihe question recurred upon the adoption of
the resolution as amended; and being put,
there were—ayes 28, noes 42; no quorum
voting.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clarke,
of Ohio, and Washburne, of Illinois, were ap-
pointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
one in the affirmative; and a further count
not being demanded, the resolution was disa-
agreed x>.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
rejected; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bridges across the mississippi.
Mr. HOGAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to repeal the second section of
the act authorizing the construction of certain
bridges, approved July 25, 1866; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
harbor op ontonagon.
Mr. DRIGG-S, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, requested to send to this House any surveys
and estimates for improving the existing harbor at
Ontonagon, on Lake Superior, in the State of Michi-
gan, that may be in his possession; and if no such
estimates have been made then that he cause the
same to be done and sent to this House as soon as
practicable.
public coal lands, etc.
Mr. DRIGGS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend an act entitled l; An act
for the disposal of coal lands and of town pro-
perty in the public domain," approved July 1,
1864, and to amend an act supplemental
thereto, approved March 3, 1865; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
twenty-first new york cavalry.
Mr. HOTCHKISS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of the members
of the twenty-first regiment New York cavalry
volunteers; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
admission or colorado and nebraska.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I was neces-
sarily detained from my seat during the first
days of this week. I ask leave of the House
merely to have printed in the Globe a state-
ment, which I have prepared, of how I would
have voted upon several propositions had I
been present.
Mr. LE BLOND. I am willing that my
friend shall record his vote, as the rest of us
were avowed to do. But I must object to his
being allowed to hand in for publication in the
Globe his statement in writing of how he would
have voted.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I would be
very glad to have my vote recorded now, if I
can be allowed to have it done.
The SPEAKER. That can be done only
on Monday, by a suspension of the rules.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Cannot leave
be given by unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. Under the rule the
Speaker cannot even ask unanimous consent
for a member to vote who was not present
when his name was called.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I hope my
colleague [Mr. Lb Blond] will allow my re-
marks to go in the Globe,
Mr. LE BLOND. I do not wish to give my
friend any more privileges than were granted
to us. I would have been very glad to have
given my reason for the vote I desired to give
bat was not permitted to do so. I must object.
Subsequently Mr. Le Blond withdrew his
objection.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, renewed
the objection.
_ Subsequently Mr. Randall, of Pennsylva-
nia. withdrew his objection.
No further objection being made,
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, accordingly
obtained leave to have printed in the Globe
the following:
On Tuesday, January 14th, the Senate bill
providing for the admission of the new State
of Nebraska into the Union, came before this
House and was passed. I was unavoidably
detained from my seat in the House during the
first three days of the week, and so did not vote
on the bill or amendments thereto. I wish to
say merely that If I could have been in the
House I would have voted for the final passage
of the bill. I would have voted for the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Boctwell.] The bill as it came
from the Senate, and the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, both
provide for the same thing; that is both make
it a fundamental condition that there shall be
no denial of the right of suffrage on account of
race or color. The Senate inserted a provis-
ion in the bill to that effect, known as the
''Edmunds amendment," being section three
of the bill in these words:
And bf it further enacted. That this act shall take
effect with the fundamental and perpetual condition
that within said State of Nebraska there shall be no
abridgment or denial of the exercise of the elective
franchise, or of any other rigbt, to any person by
reason of race or color, (excepting Indians not taxed.)
The " Boutwell amendment" is ii
words:
Strike out the third section of the Senate bill and
insert in lieu thereof:
And be it further enacted. That this act shall take
effect with the fundamental and perpetual condition
that within said State of Nebraska there shall be no
abridgment or denial of the exercise of tho elective
franchise or of any other right to any person by
reason of race or color, excepting Indians not taxed;
and upon the furtberfundamental condition that the
Legislature of said State, by a solemn public act,
shall declare the assent of said State to the said fun-
damental condition, and shall transmit to the Pres-
ident of the United States an authentic copy of said
act, upon receipt whereof the President, by procla-
mation. shall forthwith announce thefact, whereupon
said fundamental condition shall be held as a part
of the organic law of the State: and thereupon, and
without any further proceeding on the part of Con-
gress, the admission of said State into the Union
shall be considered as complete. Said State Legis-
lature shall be convened by tho territorial govern-
ment within thirty days after the passage of this act,
to aet upon tho condition submitted herein.
The only difference is that the latter amend-
ment requires the assent of the Legislature of
the new State. I regard it as eminently proper
that the people of this new State, speaking
through their Legislature, should decide for
themselves this whole question of suffrage; and
this is authorized by the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boot-
well.] If it shall receive their sanction that
settles the question. And I understand the
Senators from this new State desire this course
to be taken.
There is one other reason for this. Many
o( us desire the speedy admission of this new
State, and it is perfectty well understood that
the bill cannot pass over a veto unless the
amendment is agreed to.
The bill for the admission of Colorado was
passed, and I should have voted for that bill
also if I had been present. It will be seen
the bills for the admission of these two new
States came to us from the Senate. It is not
necessary to say what might or wonld have
been the vote of this House if the "Edmunds
amendment" had not been inserted_ ia the
Senate, and if no provision had been inserted
on the subject of suffrage. But however much
some merohers of this House might feel dis-
posed to vote for or against these bills if they
had contained no provision aa to suffrage, yet
