1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1975
and despotic government in the American States
with whatever of power, whether of argument
or of vote, we possessed. We have resisted
the illegitimate and unauthorized extension of
Federal power in those States of the South
which arc unrepresented in the two Houses of
Congress. We have resisted the degradation
and pollution of suffrage by unlicensed and
illegitimate power exerted here in the city of
Washington. Against all these and other feat-
ures of the bill which is before us for recon-
sideration we have struggled; we have done
our best. But, sir, we interpose now no un-
necessary or factious delay. We are content
to be judged by what we have said and by what
we have done. More than this: we are content
to be judged by the results of this legislation
as those results will be developed in the future;
and we cannot, we will not doubt what will
ultimately be the judgment of history and of
mankind upon that minority which has resisted
in a manly and proper manner the enactment
of an unjust, pernicious, and despotic law.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have but a word or two
to say in reply to the honorable member from
Pennsylvania. He seems to suppose that the
vote which I am about to give, and the one
which I have already given on the measure
before us, are not in accordance with the opin-
ions I have heretofore expressed. He finds it,
he tells us, impossible to reconcile them. He
says he listened to some remarks of mine when
the measure was formerly before us, and that
they served to strengthen his own opinion upon
the questions which it involves. He apparently
considers that consistency should compel me
to vote now as I voted then. Mr. President,
consistency in a public man can never properly
be esteemed a virtue when he becomes satisfied
that it will operate to the prejudice of his coun-
try. The pride of opinion, which more or less
belongs to us all, becomes, in my judgment, in
a public man a crime when it is indulged at the
sacrifice or hazard of the public safety. It is
true, sir, that I thought when the constitutional
amendment was before us that it was obnoxious
to serious constitutional objections. I pre-
dicted then that the South would not ratify
it; and at that time I thought that she should
not ratify it. The prediction was verified.
She refused to ratify it, and what has been the
result? A measure still more harsh has been
adopted by Congress, and it is not in the power
of the minority of this body, or of the other
House, or of the people for a period of two
years successfully to resist it. Whether justly
or not, whether originating in patriotic motives
or not, he must be blind to the signs of the
times who does not now see that there is a
fixed determination in the dominant party of
the country that the southern States shall not
be represented in Congress except upon such
conditions as Congress may impose. To resist
this determination it is evident that the Pres-
ident is powerless, and that the South will be
unrepresented until Congress shall admit them.
And the question for my decision now is,
what shall 1 do for the South in her present
exigency and for the country ? I should have
rejoiced and should still rejoice if the recent
elections should have so terminated as to have
caused Congress to abandon its purpose and to
have recognized what I believed to be the con-
stitutional rights of the South. But they did
not so result. On the contrary, they seem to
sanction the policy of Congress. In this pre-
dicament what i6 a patriotic Senator to do?
Is he to abandon all hope and make no effort
to preserve sooner or later the rights of the
South, or is he not bound to make such an
effort? In my view he clearly is, and it is be-
cause I so think that I now support the meas-
ure upon your table. I flatter myself that the
South do not doubt my friendship, and that they
will be satisfied that in giving my support to
this measure I have had their interest in view.
Mr. President, what will be their condition if
they reject it. Harsher measures may be re-
sorted to. Confiscation of their lands and their
distribution among the blacks and those called
loyal whites, and this I fear may be done ill a
form which will render all attempt at legal
redress fruitless.
The Supreme Court have in terms declared
that the insurrection was a war carrying with
it incidents and consequences of an inter-
national war. One of these incidents is the
right of the conqueror to confiscate enemies'
property. This right was exercised during our
revolutionary struggle, and if the insurrection
was a war (I do not think it was as far as this
right is concerned) the United States may ex-
ercise that right. Should Congress, therefore,
declare that the insurrection now exists, that
the war is not ended, and that the citizens of
the South are still public enemies, and that on
that account they confiscate their property,
what may not the judiciary hold? I do not
undertake to give the answer with anything
like certainty; but they might say that whether
the war existed or not was a political question
to be decided exclusively by the v^ar-making
power of our Government, Congress. In that
contingency how hopeless would be the con-
dition of the South. Her personal property
is already swept away, every bouse is filled
with mourning, all business enterprise de-
stroyed, and that which alone remained would
share the same fate. And I am asked or ex-
pected, though entertaining as I do this appre-
hension, to abide by the views which I had
heretofore entertained, and for the sake of
consistency see the South involved in total
destruction without extending a hand to pre-
vent it.
This, Mr. President, I cannot do; my judg-
ment rejects it; my heart revolts at it. The
honorable member from Pennsylvania tells us
that these considerations are not suited to the
deliberations of this body, that I have mis-
taken the forum of debate, and that they are
only proper to be addressed to a popular as-
sembly. In this I do not concur. When the
conduct of Congress and the measures it may
adopt are not influenced by popular opinion
the body would soon lose public confidence.
He also tells us that the opposite course which
he is pursuing he is willing to submit to the
judgmentof the men of this age and of future
ages. So am I, Mr. President, and this I do
with all becoming confidence. With that hon-
orable Senator I am content that my conduct
on this occasion, and the motives which ani-
mate me shall be recorded in the permanent
aud enduring archives of the country, and I
have no fear that with reflecting and patriotic
men, North or South, my judgment or patriot-
ism will suffer.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I have
to express my doubts of a supposed decision
of the Supreme court of the united States,
out of which the power in Congress to pass a
law confiscating the property of all the citizens
of the South is deduced. The Senator's read-
ing of the decisions of the Supreme Court is
somewhat more extensive and accurate than
mine; but I must express my incredulity in
reference to the fact suggested in his state-
ment. If that court has made any decision
whatever on the question of the power of Con-
gress now, in a time of peace, to pass a law
for the confiscation of private property as a
punishment of past offenses in the southern
country, and if that opinion is to be hereafter
introduced into the debates of the country, I
should think it advisable to have it presented
in specific form that we may judge of its char-
acter and extent. I must at present express
my doubts of the construction which the Sen-
ator has given to anything that has fallen from
that court in any opinion which it has pro-
nounced.
I wish, however, to make but one remark in
addition to what I have said before ; and that
is that I disavow entirely giving any advice to
the people of the South, or to any other sec-
tion of the country about what they shall do
in relation to a measure which we pass. That
is their affair and not mine. Our business is
to debate, to consider, and to determine ques-
tions that are before us, and upon the argu-
ments which legitimately pertain to them,
leaving to the people of the South, the North,
the West, and other sections of the country
full and complete control over their future
conduct with reference to our legislation. We
have nothing to do with that. Our duty is to
act upon what is before us.
Mr. DA\ IS. I had not the happiness to
hear the honorable Senator from Maryland in
his first speech after the reading of the veto
message, nor had I an opportunity of hearing
that message read, being absent on a commit-
tee of conference at the time. I am not now
going to make anything like a speech; but I
will state two or three propositions. If the
bill under consideration had proposed a formal
abrogation of the Constitution of the United
States as to the ten southern States, I ask the
honorable Senator from Maryland if he would
have voted for such a bill?
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the question?
Mr. DAVIS. If the bill under considera-
tion had in its terms proposed an abrogation
of the Constitution of the United States as to
the ten southern States, would my honorable
friend have voted for such'a measure?
Mr. JOHNSON. No.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator says
not, as I knew he would say. When my hon-
orable friend gave in his adhesion to this meas-
ure as it passed the Senate, after it had been
sent back to the House, and the House had
made an amendment, which the Senate ac-
cepted, he then explicitly declared that he dis-
sented from the proposition that by secession
or tho war the southern States had ceased to
be States in the Union. The honorable Sen-
ator stated that proposition most distinctly.
Mr. STEWART. He stated it to-night.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator from
Nevada says he stated it to-night. Well, sir, it
is utterly incompatible with the conclusions to
which the honorable Senator has come ; and I
will make one or two remarks upon that. En-
tertaining the belief that by the Constitution
the ten southern States are still States in the
Union and of the Union, I ask the honorable
Senator from Maryland from whence Congress
derives its power to declare that they are not
States of the Union? If they are States in the
Union they have State governments, created
by the legitimate power, and the only legiti-
mate power, that in our system can create a
government, State or Federal. Those govern-
ments were created by the people of theStates.
I admit that they were dictated to in relation
to some important principles established in
their constitutions by the powers from this
capital, and that that dictation was in violation
of the Constitution and of their rights : hut they
submitted to that dictation; they called their
conventions and formed their constitutions in
harmony with the terms that were imposed
upon them from the executive department, and
those constitutions were submitted to the peo-
ple, and by the people adopted as their systems
of government. It was the acceptance of those
governments by the people of those States that
gave them all of their validity. If these forms
of State constitutions had been submitted to
them as counsel by the honorable Senator from
Maryland, and they had called conventions,
and submitted the proposed governments which
he had counseled them to accept to the peo-
ple, and the people had accepted them, they
would have had as much validity as though they
had been adopted by the people in any form
whatever.
Here, then, are the people of these ten States
that have State governments made by them-
selves; and I here assume the position, and I
dare and defy the honorable Senator from Mary-
land or anybody else to controvert the posi-
tion, that there is no power on earth that can
legitimately form a State government in the
United States except the people of the State
itself. Congress may form a territorial govern-
ment for the people of a Territory, but when
the question comes up of the admission of a
State into the Union, aud an enabling act of
Congress is passed to allow the people nf any
Territory to form a State government with a
