m
THE) CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
January 17,
it ia perfectly well understood that a bill in
that shape-could not have passed.
HECONSTKUCTION.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER stated the "first business
in order to be the consideration of House bill
'No. 54a, to provide for restoring to the States
lately in insurrection_their full political rights.
The pending question was upon the substi-
tute of Mr. Stev.ess, upon which Mr. Baker
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. R AKER, then proceeded to address the
House. [His remarks will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, dur-
ing" the remarks of Mr. Baker, modified his
substitute by striking out of it the following:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the State
governments now existing de facto, though illegally
formed in the midst of martial law, and in many in-
stances the constitutions were adopted under duress
and not submitted to the ratification of the people,
and therefore are not to be treated as free republics,
yet they are hereby acknowledged as valid govern-
ments formunicipal purposes until the same shall be
duly altered, and their legislative and executive
officers shall be recognized as such.
.Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Speaker, I had medi-
tated no remarks and shall yield a portion of
my time to the gentleman from Minnesota,
[Mr. Donnelly,] and therefore I will not long
occupy the attention of the House. I feel as
if there was a demand upon us for action
rather than for hypercritieism. I should have
been much better pleased with the remarks of
the able gentleman who has just taken his seat
[Mr. Baker] if he had directed his attention to
perfecting a bill rather than in technical opposi-
tion to the proposition now before the House.
Mr. BAICER. I thought the Committee on
Reconstruction were incomparably more com-
petent to perfect a bill than myself, or even the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Grinnell,] if he
will pardon me for saying so.
Mr. GRINNELL. I am perfectly willing to
surrender the most of my labors and rights;
but I am not willing, at this stage of the pro-
ceedings of Congress, to surrender this great
question of reconstruction to the joint Com-
mittee on Reconstruction, while I believe if
this subject were so referred to that committee
it would end the question of reconstruction for
this session. I desire immediate action upon
the subject; and it is my conviction that if
there is any voice this Congress ought to hear
it is the voice of the suffering in political chaos
and of the loyal people of the States, demand-
ing of us early and decisive action with refer-
ence to these rebellious States. Why, sir, it is
the easiest thing in the world for a man to tear
down. History tells ns that Nero set Rome on
fire and fiddled over. the ruins. Yet it is not
known that he could erect a dog-kennel. It
becomes us not to be destructives where there is
so much ruin and chaos, but to be builders. I
am willing that these bills presented by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley]
shall be taken up in Committee of the Whole
and considered, amending them wherever
necessary, if they are not already perfect, as I
do not think they are. The eloquent gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,] who has mani-
fested great energy and zeal to destroy, had, I
thought, better oefcupied himself with building
up and perfecting a bill rather than destroying
this now amended by the framer by changing a
few words. So with the learned gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] who spoke yester-
day with so much power, but with little con-
structive purpose. I thought I understood him
to be ready for radical methods; yet he desires
that this question shall go to the Committee on
Reconstruction. If I were on the committee
it would seem to me not the most modest
proposition in the world for me to urge the
reference to my committee of a great question
which the House generally desires to consider,
giving perhaps the younger members, and from
different sections, such opportunities as would
otherwise be denied them.
But the gentleman proposes that we shall
defer -our action till the constitutional amend-
ment has been adopted or has been well con-
sidered. This involves waiting. Why, sir,
does the gentleman desire to have that amend-
ment with the animus of traitors hurledback
in his face again by those States? What is the
fact? The amendment ias been fairly pre-
sented before the Legislature of each of those
rebel States; and every State except Louisiana
has rejected it, and that State has yet taken no
action. Yet the honorable gentleman desires
that we shall wait and hold ourselves in sub-
serviency when those State.s, he is well aware,
still continue to refuse its adoption.
The Legislatures of the loyal States have
assembled; theirGovernorshavespoken. What
do they say? Examine the executive mes-
sages and the resolutions of the Legislatures
and you will find them demanding stronger
guarantees and equal justice, and declaring that
it is time to act. The constitutional amend-
ment being rejected by the rebel States, let
Congress now go to work and frame govern-
ments for those now defiant and rebellious.
Let there be justice meted out and safety for
the loyal millions. Yet the gentleman from
Ohio thinks that we had better wait; that we
had better refer the subject to his committee.
I do not disagree with him in his patriotic
utterances, but in his methods, by which it is
proposed to consolidate and bless a people
now to be molded by our will and law.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Dawson,} who spoke yesterday and whom I
now see in Tiis seat, charges that New England
especially desires to put off and hinder this
work of reconstruction for mercenary purposes.
Here is his language:
" "We cannot shut our eyes to the fact that, having
heretofore profited so largely by shaping the legis-
lation of the country to her own advantage, she is
now, with concentrated energy, struggling to main-
tain that advantage even at the sacrifice of the Union
ot the States. She dreads a full representation of
the great agricultural South, acting in conjunction
with the great agricultural Northwest and the com-
mercial interests of New York and the States of the
Pacific coast."
Sir, I feel that I should be an unworthy son
of New England and an unfit representative of
a State so deeply imbued with her principles
if I did not repel this charge as too base for
belief in this House. It was the fashion a few
years ago to say that the Northwest was allied
to the States in rebellion ; that it would go out
with them rather than abide with New England
and Pennsylvania and New York. But the
contrary of this has been shown. Did not the
States of the Northwest during the war with
promptness meet every demand of the Govern-
ment? Did not their troops fight even to the
death? And did they not in the last election
give more than one hundred thousand majority
against Democratic conservatism and in favor
of sustaining Congress ? They have not now,
and never had, any idea of mercenary or polit-
ical alliance with the South. Let me tell the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that the majority
in the Northwest is composed of neither traitors
nor free-traders. They believe in the Union
they fought for—in the Government; they be-
lieve in justice, and ask no peculiar privileges,
but seek for the enforcement and vindication of
the rights of man as man, regardless of fortune,
regardless of color or race.
I cannot refrain from calling attention to
another very unfortunate allusion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania who opposes recon-
struction, whose whole argument ranks him
with the destructionists rather than with the
constructionists now entered upon the work of
preparing governments for the States late in
revolt. Here is his allusion :
" You will remember, sir, that the Roman republic
granted the full rights of citizenship even to the ajiens
of conquered provinces, and this regardless of the
bitterness and obstinacy of their resistence to the
standard of the republic. When once subdued and
their defeat acknowledged, they were received into
the enjoyment of equal rights with the inhabitants
itself. 'I am a Roman citizen' was the talismame
formula which secured the inhabitant of distant
Sicily protection against the extortions of a Verres
as much as it did from any other injury the dweller
upon the Seven Hills."
This is the gentleman's historical illustra-
tion, beautiful in itself; and what is the appli-
cation he proposes to make of it? That you
are to let those rebels in unquestioned, though
they may throw the mikLoffers we have made
and constitutional amendment in your face.
We are to embrace them without a guarantee.
They do not say they are repentant. They do
not confess they_ were in the wrong; they only
want to come into the family of the Union
again; and having great experience in oath-
taking and perjury, the leaders can with greater
facility sting the heart of the old mother even
to death.
Now, sir, to make his illustration pertinent
he should apply it to the four million black
men in the South and of mixed colors. They
were our friends, and they are still intelligently
loyal. That cry two thousand years ago, "I
am a Roman citizen," was an exclamation
which commanded respect and protection all
over the world. But what to-day is the con-
dition of our friends in the South? The black
man cries out: "I am an American citizen 1"
He wears the uniform of an American sol-
dier. What is the response-? " Make the trial
of his murderer a mockery. Trample him
down. Pursue him to the death." We cannot
close our eyes to the fact that not less than five
thousand of these defenders have been cut
down by those southern traitors, those very
men whom gentlemen would bring back here
to give them a numerical respectability.
Yes, sir, let us apply these words to our own
time, and then we shall not be deserving of the
reproach of the civilized world. We certainly
will deserve that reproach if we do not succor
the imperiled millions and see justice done to
those who fought in defense of the life and
liberty of the nation.
What is the demand in this bill ? It is for full
justice. Can it be obtained without restricting
these States? Ask any Democrat here if he is
willing to extend equal rights and privileges in
these ten States. No, sir; they are not in
favor of taking one step in that direction,
though they do not allow in a neutral State a
man to carry the gun which he used against
rebels and in our cause. They fine them five
dollars and take away the gun if found in their
possession. And in Mississippi a black man
cannot own a rood of land outside of incor-
porated limits. Is that liberty? Yet we hear
men saving, " 0 brothers, come back; Con-
gress is waiting to forgive you of the ten rebel
States for all your starving of prisoners and
your robberies and murders."
I cannot be a party to any such transaction,
and I appeal to this House in the effulgence
of this century, in the name of its soldiers and
all true hearts, that we shall do justice to the
poorest, that we shall at least protect those
wasting and like the slain under the altar who
cry i;how long, how long!"
I do not advocate the gallows for all these
traitors; I do not say we shall hang them, but
it is my conviction that some of them should
suffer. Nor will I talk of punishing these men
by exile. No, sir, I would not, be lost to hu-
manity so far as to banish such miscreants, men
so lost to honor, to other countries. I would
not even poison Austrian society nor the air of
Australian convicts with their presence. All
we propose is to allow them to remain among
the loyal, to let the black men have equal
rights with them. If that be a punishment
to these rebels, very well; it is so far short of
their expectation and desert. We have the
right to say to ex-slaves now friendless in South
Carolina and Georgia, that they shall have an
equal chance in the race of progress with our
enemies, and that in these incipient measures
none unconvicted of crime shall be denied a
voice.
It is said this will demoralize and degrade
the people there. Is it a degradation to trai-
tors to make our friends their equals? I do not
fear that,; I only fear the wrong of delay to
make a compromise with injustice, and I do
not want to see the woes we have just borne
again brought upon the country by neglects or
