1976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
view to the admission of that Territory as a
State into the Union, there is no power in this
country that can form such a State government !
but the power of the people of that State. j
The honorable Senator admits that the pres-
ent governments in the southern States have
been formed by the people of those States re-
spectively. They have been formed by the
legitimate power, and the only legitimate power ;
that can form State governments. Then they '
are in the Union as States,with republican forms
of government fashioned by them selves, adopted
by the people of the States. They are just as
legitimately within the Union as the State of
Massachusetts or of Maryland or of Kentucky,
and with as legitimate State governments. To
these conclusions the premises and conces- ,
sions of the honorable Senator lead us inevita- j
bly, and he cannot escape these conclusions, ;
and no intellect can avert them.
Then, sir, if they are States of the Union,
with legitimate State governments, I ask where
is the ground for the truth of this most un-
founded preamble that legitimate governments
do not exist in those States? That is one con-
cession that the vote of the honorable Senator !
makes against all of his principles, and, as he
said the other day, against all the arguments
upon this point which he lias made during the
whole war. If they are legitimate States with
legitimate State governments in the Union,
what power has Congress, and whence does
Congress derive that power, to abrogate these
States? None. Has Congress power to abro-
gate the State of Massachusetts; has Congress
power to abrogate the State of Maryland, orthe
State of Kentucky, and to declare that there are
no legitimate governments in those States?
And yet Congress has as ample power to make
that declaration in relation to the three States
which I have named as in relation to these ten
States.
Then, Mr. President, the honorable Senator
admits that if the bill by its provisions and by
its language professed to abolish the Constitu-
tion of the United States as to these States
expressly he would vote against it. Instead
of using that explicit language it reaches the
same conclusion by saying that there are no
legitimate governments in those States, and
therefore it proceeds to establish provisional
governments for them. When my honorable
friend concedes that they are States, that they
have governments organized, at least ac-
quiesced in by the people of those States, and
are in the Union just as any other State, and
denies that a law can or ought to be passed by
Congress abolishing the Constitution of the
United States as to them, can he give his vote
for the present measure ? Does not this meas-
ure abolish the Constitution as to those States ?
Does it not abolish those States ? Does it not
declare that their legitimate governments,
formed by the appropriate and only power that
can form States, do not exist ?
Now, Mr. President, there is another glaring
inconsistency of principle in which the honor-
able Senator is involved. Who has the power
to establish the right of suffrage in a State?
What power can regulate that interesting sub-
ject? Here are the ten States, according to
his principle and his position in every debate,
and he conceded when he gave his consent to
this measure that they were States in the
Union. Being States in the Union, whatpower
can form governments forthem but the people
themselves? If their governments are to be
overthrown, subverted, changed, reformed,
what power is there to do that except the
power of the people themselves? And yet
the bill under consideration proceeds" to over-
throw the State governments, to declare that
there are no legitimate State governments in
existence in those ten States, and then to pro-
claim universal manhood suffrage; in other
words, to concede negro suffrage. If these are
States in the Union, has Congress any ibore
more right to establish negro suffrage forthem
than it has for your State or any other State in
the Union? Certainly not. That is a power
reserved to the States over which the Constitu-
tion vests in Congress no authority whatever.
When my honorable friend concedes that they
are States in the Union he puts them in this
position : that they are just as invulnerable
and as impervious to the power of Congress in
relation to their State governments, in relation
to the basis of representation, and in relation to
the right of regulating who shall and who shall
not vote in those States as they are to that of
England.
Mr. President, we are all here legislating
under the Constitution and in virtue of the
powers vested in Congress by that Constitution.
Each member of Congress is sworn to sup-
port that Constitution. He cannot vote for a
law which, according to his reason and judg-
ment, violates the Constitution conscientiously.
When the honorable Senator concedes that he
would not vote for a general bill declaring the
Constitution void and inoperative as to these
ten States he concedes everything for which
we have contended in this argument. Why,
sir, is there any right dearer to the American
people than the right of self-government? Who
formed the Constitution of the United States?
It was the people of the United States acting
by States. What power is there in this country
to abolish that Government, to change it, or
to modify it? None whatever but that same
power proceeding according to the forms pre-
scribed by the Constitution itself. Whatpower
is there in any State to form a State govern-
ment? None but that of the people of the
State themselves. Suppose we were proposing
to admit Territories into the Union as States,
and Congress, instead of referring the question
of what form of government the people would
choose to adopt to themselves, were to attempt
to exercise the power and to devise the forms
of government for those States, and to pre-
scribe to those States the condition of exercis-
ing all the forms of government prescribed by
Congress for them, would it not strike every-
body as an enormous usurpation, as a flagitious
violation of the Constitution and of the great
principles of self-government? All these prin-
ciples have been violated, and are violated, by
the measure under consideration.
But, Mr. President, as the honorable Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania said, when this meas-
ure was pending before Congress we were
allowed ample time for its debate, for the dis-
cussion of every principle involved in it. A
good many of us availed ourselves of that op-
portunity. We entered into the debate. That
debate is before the country and before the
world, and we are willing to stand by it and to
abide the conclusions of that debate according
to the judgment of the present and the future.
Sir, when impartial and intelligent history
writes the page that records the legislative
action of the present Congress that tribunal
will decide that the minority was in the right,
the majority in the wrong; that the President
was in the right, Congress in the wrong; that
Congress, without having any legitimate power,
proceeded to dismantle States, to form provis-
ional governments for them, to abrogate their
legitimate State governments, to assault uncon-
stitutionally a coordinate branch of the Gov-
ernment, the Presidency ; and that they have
subverted the Presidency by a revolution, blood-
less, but none the less a revolution than though
it had been attended by all the convulsion and
blood and thunders of war. That is the revo-
lutionary achievement which the Congress has
made by its legislation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the bill pass, the objections of
the President to the contrary notwithstanding?
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 38, nays 10; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Con-
ness, Cragin, Creswell, Edmunds, Fftsenden, Fogg,
Foster, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Harris, Hen-
derson, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Kirkwood, Lane,
Morgan, Morrill, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Ross, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart. Sumner, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams, Wilson,
and Yates—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Hendricks, Nesmith, Norton, Patterson,
and Baulsbury—10.
ABSENT —Messrs. Brown, Guthrie, McDougall,
and lliddle—4.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This bill
having passed both Houses of Congress, was
sent to the President for his signature, and by
him returned to the House of Representatives,
in which House it originated, with his objec-
tions. It having been certified to us that the
bill passed that body by two thirds of the
House of Representatives agreeing to pass the
same, and two thirds of the Senate having now
voted to pass the same bill, the bill has be-
come a law without the signature of the Pres-
ident. [Manifestations of applause in the
galleries.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms will take into custody all persona
in the gallery who make disturbance.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 302) for
the relief of soldiers who are entitled to artifi-
cial limbs, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, asked to be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the various bills, joint
resolutions, memorials, and petitions hereto-
fore referred to that committee and not reported
on; which was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to some and disa-
greed to other amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 1173) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1868 ; and
agreed to other amendments of the Senate to
the said bill with amendments, asked a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and has appointed Mr. Thad-
deus Steveus of Pennsylvania, Mr. Hen'rt
Van Aeuxam of New York, and Mr. William
E. Niblack of Indiana, managers at the same
on its part.
The message also announced that the
House of Representatives bad agreed to the
amendment of the Senate to the amendments
of the House to the bill (S. No. 532) for the
relief of the inhabitants of cities and towns
upon the public lands.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives, having proceeded
in conformity with the constitution to recon-
sider the bill entitled "An act regulating the
tenure of certain civil offices," returned to the
Senate by the President of the United States
with his objections and sent to the Senate by
the House of Representatives, with the mes-
sage of the President returning the bill, had—
Resolved, That the bill do pass, two thirds of the
House of Representatives agreeing to pass the same,
the objection of the President to the contrary not-
withstanding.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills and joint resolution ; and they
were signed by the President pro tempore :
A bill (H. R. No. 793) to provide increased
revenue from imported wool, and for other
purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 859) to declare valid and
conclusive certain proclamations of the Presi-
dent and acts done in pursuance thereof or
of his orders in the suppression of the late
rebellion against the United States ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 300) aathor-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to audit
and settle the accounts of John Sedgewick,
collector of internal revenue for the third
collection district of California.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 1173) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 80,
