1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1301
map you will find that there are only four' feet
of water in the western channel at low tide. I
had the map here, but it seems to have been
lost or mislaid.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is upon the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumxer,] on which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I desire to state that
I have paired off with the Senator from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Anthony.]
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to state that I
have agreed to puir off with the Senator from
West Virginia, [Mr. Willey.] If I were at
liberty to do so I should vote for the amend-
ment.
Mr. VAN "WINKLE. I will state in this
connection that my colleague is necessarily
absent from the city.
The question being talcen by yeas and nays,
resulted—j'eas 15, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cragin, Davis, Dixon, Foster, Har-
ris, Henderson, Howe, Nesmith, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Riddle, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, and Williams—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Conness, Cowan, Creswell, Doolittle, Fessenden,
Fowler, Grimes, Hendricks, Howard, Johnson, Kirk-
wood, Lane, McDougall, Morgan, Morrill, Ramsey,
Ross, Sherman, Stewart, Van Winkle, and Wil-
son—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Edmunds, Fogg, Fre-
linghuysen, Guthrie, Norton, Nye, Poland, Sauls-
bury, Sprague, Willey, andYates—12.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. FOSTER. I move to amend the bill on
the second page, twentieth line, by inserting
after the word "thereof" the words " after a
thorough examination made by them," and by
inserting after the word "officers," in the
twentieth line, the words, " not less than five."
It now reads, " nor unless the acceptance
thereof shall be recommended by a board of
officers to be appointed by the President." If
amended as I propose, it will read, " nor unless
the acceptance thereof, after a thorough ex-
amination made by them, shall be recom-
mended by a board of officers, not less than
five, to be appointed by the President."
Mr. GRIMES. I have not the slightest
objection to that proposition, and I should not
make any opposition to it but for the fact that
the result of adopting the amendment will be
to cause the bill to go back to the other House,
where it will be very doubtful whether it can
be reached. I do not want the President or the
Secretary of the Navy to appoint a board
unless it shall be composed of eminent per-
sons, and I think at least five men ought to be
selected as commissioners to decide the ques-
tion. So far as I may have influence with
them I should advise the adoption of that
course. But the only effect of the amend-
ment now will be to send the bill back to the
House and render it doubtful whether it can
be reached there.
Mr. FOSTER. That objection of the hon-
orable Senator will apply to every bill that is
before us. We cannot amend any bill, then,
at this stage of the session, because if we do so
it will necessitate the sending of the bill back
to the House and the bill may not be acted
upon there. Are we to adopt that as a prin-
ciple of legislation during the residue of the
session? If so, I of course have nothing to
say ; but if we are not, I object to applying it
to this bill, and see no reason why it should be
applied to this bill rather than to all other bills.
The honorable Senator says there is no ob-
jection in principle to the amendment^ and the
only objection is because it will make it neces-
sary to send the bill back. I submit that on a
matter of so much importance as this, where
there is so much difference in the statements
of men who are conversant with this locality,
so that the honorable Senator from Iowa seemed
to think there was an issue of veracity made
up between him and another honorable Sena-
tor—where on the one side it is asserted by
honorable Senators that this locality has not
been interrupted by ice during the whole win-
ter, and where on the other side it is asserted
that it has been obstructed by ice for two
months—where I say there are statements so
utterly contradictory as these are, we ought to
have this island accepted, if it be accepted, not
by the recommendation of a board of officers
that may be selected by a party who has al-
ready prejudged the case, but a board of offi-
cers who by the bill shall be required to make
athorough examination of the ground. I think
honorable Senators have discovered one officer
of the Navy who has been there who is in favor
of League Island; there may be another and
another ; and if such men are selected by the
President or the appointing power, no doubt
this island will be accepted ; this " munificent
gift" will be received. I know the honorable
Senator from Iowa does not wish anything of
this kind to be done. I am sure the Senate do;
not wish it to be done. Why leave it, then, as
a matter of accident whether it shall be done
or not? Why not put it in the bill and make
it certain? It is admitted that five is not an
improper number. The bill as it stands merely
says that there shall be a board, but that ex-
pression is indefinite. Two may make a board.
Surely there can be no reasonable objection to
this amendment, except that it will cause the
bill to go back to the House, and that is fatal
to every amendment that may be proposed to
every House bill now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut.
Mr. POMEROY called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 18, nays 22 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cragin, Davis, Dixon, Fessendon,
Foster, Harris, Henderson, Howe, Lano, Nesmith,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Riddle, Sherman, Sumner,
Trumbull, Wade, and Williams—IS.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Conness, Cowan, Creswell, Doolittle, Grimes,
Hendricks, Howard, Johnson, Kirkwood,McDougall,
Morgan, Morrill,Ramsey, Ross, Stewart, Van Winkle,
Wilson, and Fates—22.
ABSENT —Messrs. Anthony, Edmunds, Foss,
Fowler. Frelinghuysen, Guthrie, Norton, Nye, Po-
land, Saulsbury, Sprague, and Willey—12.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I am myself a good deal sus-
picious of this bill. I do not know when the
City of Brotherly Love ever offered such a
munificent gift to the Government before. I
believe that that people are about as careful
of their interests as any other people in the
country, and it seems to me that they could
have no purpose in making such a munifi-
cent gift to the Government unless they ex-
pected some return or some equivalent in some
way. I should like to know what is the quid
pro quo that is expected. Can the Senator
from Indiana who has charge of the bill tell me ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose I might say
that the city of Philadelphia would be glad to
ha\e the site of the present navy-yard l'or the
commercial purposes of the city. I under-
stand that the city would be glad to have that
yard removed to "this island. I am not aware
of any other interest the city has in the sub-
ject.
Mr. DAVIS. I see at, once the solidity of
the advantage which the City of Brotherly
Love expects from the transfer of the navy-
yard to this League Island ; but from what
has been said, both officially and in debate
here, I am rather inclined to think that it
would be better for the Government to make
a gift of the property upon which the present
navy-yard is located to the city gratuitously,
and to have the naval depot established at a
proper position.
I have no prepossessions one way or the
other in regard to the proper site for the estab-
lishment of this naval depot. I am inclined,
though, from everything that has been said in
this debate, to believe that we have a better
site for such a depot in this city than anywhere
else, certainly greatly preferable to the site of
League Island. I do not believe that an intelli-
gent man of business, if he had occasion to make
some such establishment as this a great depot,
a great emporium, would ever think ot select-
ing League Island as a proper position lor an
improvement of that kin l. I believe myself
that the Washington city navy-yard is pecu-
liarly adapted and a most proper place for this
depot. I recollect that some twenty-six or
twenty-seven years ago I saw the Mississippi
and the Missouri floated to the navy-yard at
Washington city, and both of those ships were
then drawing twenty-two feet of water, as I
was informed. I believe, from everything that,
has been said, there is not a sufficient denth
of water at League Island for a depot for iroa-
clads. I think there is an ample depth of
water at the navy-yard in this city. This city
is the metropolis of the nation. The Govern-
ment ought to endeavor to build it up; they
ought to endeavor to build it up by construct-
ing here all the improvements that the public
service requires, and for which the position fur-
nishes facilities.
I am induced to come to the conclusion that
League Island is a most unfit position for the
establishment of such a depot, and I will vote
against any measure that has a tendency to
locate it there.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from
Delaware has made a statement in regard to
the blocking of the river below League Island
by ice. I should like to ask the Senator from
Iowa what information he has on that subject:
whether it is a usual thing that the river is
blocked below League Island. That fact was
stated by the Senator from Delaware, which I
was not aware (H' before. Ho tells ua that for
near two months this winter the Delaware river
has been blocked up and teams have been
crossing it on the ice. It is certainly a very
remarkable place to build a navy-yard at, if
that statement be true.
Mr. DIXON. I happen to have in my hand
the Chronicle of the 11th of February, 18G7, in
which I find this dispatch:
Philadelphia, February 10.
Aftor the heavy rain last night the weather sud-
denly became cold, the mercury falling twenty-four
degrees. To-day is clear with strong northwest wind.
The ico in the Delaware has broken up and is blown
on to the Jersey shore. Eighty vessels, anchored at
Newcastle, Delaware, will be here to-morrow.
Those vessels had been waiting for the ice to
break up, and they had accumulated to the
number of eighty. This" is a statement of a
fact in a paper which I happen to find.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Missouri
has put to me a question which I can perhaps
best answer by reading to him from the state-
ment made by Professor Bache and Commo-
dore Marston, who were members of the first
commission, and who took pains to examine
the whole matter thoroughly. I presume the
Senator knows the character of Professor
Bache.
Mr. HENDERSON. Very well.
Mr. GRIMES. He investigated the subject
thoroughly, and in the minority report he and
Commodore Marston say:
" League Island has tho advantage of Winthrop's
Point in less exposure to violent winds and sea, and
Winthrop's Point has the advantage in less exposure
to ice, though the first advantage is one of constant
action, and the other one which takes effect once in
forty years. The less width of the Thames at Win-
throp's Point (only one thousand and sixty yards, or
two tenths of a mile) is probablymore than balanced
by the water being salt."
That is the reason it does not freeze there,
"the water being salt."
" By the meteorological registers kept at Philadel-
phia it appears that a sufficiently cold winter toalose
tho Delaware occurs but once in ten years, and that
the river is closed but oncc in forty years.
" When ice makes in tlie Delaware m extremely cold
winters, it is deposited on the Horse Shoe shoal' —
The Horse Shoe shoal is above League
Island and below Philadelphia—
"and, breaking up, passes in tho direction of the
currents to the New Jersey shore, and thence, in a
gentle, undulating curve, to the lower end of .League
Island. The testimony of pilolsshows that the break-
ing up ot* io  is never a serious matter on the stiorcs
of League Island. It is usually honey-combed and
rotten before moving. The ice^boal is, with rare
exceptions of extremely cold winters, say once la
forty years, able to keep the Delaware open ; m ordi-
nary winters its use is not required; and in the cold-
est on record in eighteen years it was able to make
way through the ice on any day of the season, one ot
these years including the severest winter on record.
