538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
v *
By Mr. INGERSOLL: The petition of John B.
Nixon, and 250 others,citizens of Woodhull, Illinois,
praying for a daily mail from Oneida to Woodhull.
By Mr. JULIAN: The memorial of the working
men, mechanics, and others, employes in the Wash-
ington navy-yard, asking an increase of compensa-
tion.
Also, the memorial of J. E. "Wallace, praying such
action by Congress as will compel'the State of Louis-
iana to retrocedc all swamp landswithin her borders
originally donated for levee purposes which have not
already btfen sold to bona fide purchasers, and asking
for an appropriation to defray the expense of repair-
ing the levees of said State.
Also, the petition of 28 citizens of Richmond, Indi-
ana, manufacturers and journeymen cigar-makers, to
alter the present system of stamping by selling stamps
to manufacturers at five dollars per thousand, and to
increase the penaltjfcfor violating the internal rev-
enue laws.
Also, the petition of 21 citizens of Indiana, praying
the' impeachment of the President of the United
' States for high crimes and misdemeanors.
By Mr. KOONTZ: A petition of certain citizens of
franklin county, Pennsylvania, asking for change
of time of departure of mails from Greencastlc, on
route No. 2559, from twelve o'clock m. to six o'clock
p. m. of eaeh day, and for increased pay for carrying
the mails on said route.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: Two re-
monstrances from citizens of Wayncsburg and vicin-
ity, in the county of Greene, Pennsylvania, against
any curtailment of the national currency.
By Mr. MOORHEAD: A petition of Nimick <fcCo.,
C. G. Hussey, and others, citizens of Pittsburg, Penn-
sylvania, praying, that the law of copyright bo ox-
tended to trade-marks.
By Mr. PIKE: The petition of J. A. Milliken, and
13 others, of Cherryfield, Maine, in aid of the petition
of Robert L. Willey for pension.
ByJMr. ROLLINS: The petition of W. F. Lahcy,
and 27 others, citizens of New Ipswich and Manches-
ter, New Hampshire, journeymen cigar-makers and
manufacturers of cigars, representing inequality and
injustice in the tax law passed last session of Con-
gress, and praying for a modification of the same.
By Mr. VAN AERNAM: The petition of Mrs.
Almira Thompson, asking compensation for services
as volunteer nurse during the war for the Union.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 18,1867.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
the constitutional amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following communication from
the Governor of the State of Kentucky:
Executive Office,
Frankfort, Kentucky, January 14,1867.
Son, President United States Senate :
In obedience to the requirements thereof, I here-
with transmit to you "resolutions in regard to the
proposed amendment of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States," adopted by the General Assembly of
Kentucky, now in session.
Respectfully, THOMAS E. BRAMLETTE,
Governor.
Resolutions in regard to the proposed amendment
of the Constitution of the United States.
Whereas the Congress of the United States did, at
the first session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, pro-
pose to the Legislatures of the Several States, as an
amendment to the Constitution of the United States,
the following:
article xiv.
Section 1. All persons born or naturalized in
the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction
thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the
State wherein they reside. No State shall make or
enforce any law which shall abridge the* privileges
or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor
shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty,
or property without due process of law, nor deny to
any person within its jurisdiction the equal protec-
tion of the laws.
Sec. 2. Representativesshall be apportioned among
the several States according to their respective num-
bers, counting the whole number of persons in each
State, excluding Indians^ not taxed. But when the
right to vote at any election for the choice of elect-
ors for President and Vice President of the United
States, Representatives in Congress, the executive
and judicial officers of a State, or the members of
the Legislature thereof, is denied to any of themale
inhabitants of such State, being twenty-one years of
age, and citizens of the United States, or in any way
abridged, except for participation in rebellion or
other crime, the basis of representation therein shall
be reduced in the proportion which the number of
such male citizens shall bear to the whole number of
male citizens twenty-one years of age in such State.
Sec. 3. No person shall be a Senator or Representa-
«tive in Congress, or elector of President and Vice
President, or hold any office, civil or military, under
the United States, or under any State, who having
previously taken an oath as a member of Congress,
or as an officer of the United States, or as a member
of any State Legislature, or as an executive or judi-
cial officer of any State, to support the Constitution
of the United States, shall have engaged in insurrec-
tion or rebellion against the same, or given aid or
comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress may,
by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove such
disability.
Src. 4. The validity of thepubliedebtof theUnited
States, authorized by law, including debts incurred
for-payment of pensions and bounties for services in
suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall not be
questioned. But neither the United States nor any
State shall assume or pay any debt or obligation in-
curred in aid of insurrection or rebellion against the
United States, or any claim for the loss or emancipa-
tion of any slave; but all such debts, obligations, and
claims shall be held illegal and void.
Sec. 5. That Congress shall have power to enforce,
by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this
article.
And whereas the same has been officially laid be-
fore this Legislature for its consideration and action:
Therefore, be it
1. Resolved by the General Assembly of the Common-
wealth of Kentucky, That the proposition to amend the
Constitution of the United States as aforesaid be, and
the same is hereby, rejected. *
2. Resolved, That the Governor be requested to
notify the proper departments of the United States
Government of this action of the Kentucky Legisla-
ture in regard to said proposed amendment.
1!. TAYLOR,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
RICHARD T. JACOBS,
Speaker of the Senate.
Approved 1CM January, 1867.
THOMAS E. BRAMLETTE.
Governor of Kentucky,
By the Governor:
John S. Van Winkle, Secretary of State,
The communication and accompanying reso-
lutions were ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WADE presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Ohio, praying for the passage of House
bill No. 708, to provide increased revenue from
imports, and for other purposes, now pending
in the Senate; which were ordered to lie upon
the table.
Mr. WADE. I also present a petition very
numerously signed by the cigar-manufacturers
of Cleveland, Ohio, in which they complain
that the inspection of cigars is very irregular,
in some districts different from what it is in
others, greatly to the detriment of the petition-
ers, &c. Finally, they request that a specific
duty of five dollars per thousand be levied upon
ail domestic cigars, and they state that they
earnestly approve of the present tariff on im-
ported cigars, and hope it will not be changed.
As this subject, I believe, has been reported
upon, I move that the petition be laid upon
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of Major
General George H. Thomas and other officers
in the United States Army, praying that when
officers are withdrawn from active service and
placed upon the retired list they may be al-
lowed to retain their service or longevity ra-
tions; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILSON presented twelve petitions of
officers of the United States Army, praying for
an increase of pay; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILSON. I also present the petition
of George W. Paschal, of Texas, praying that
the present system of exterminating Indians be
discontinued, as it is very expensive to the
Government and ineffectual; and that a sys-
tem for their civilization be adopted by the
establishment of missions to feed, clothe, and
educate them, both adults and children, and
that the privileges of citizenship be conferred
upon them at as early a date as possible. I
move the reference of this petition, which states
many facts bearing on the subject to which it
refers, to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
It was so referred.
Mr. LANE. I present two memorials, nu-
merously signed by respectable citizens of
Indianapolis, Marion county, Indiana, praying
Congress not to pass any law curtailing the
national currency, or providing for a return
within a limited time to specie payments; and
also that no redemption of the national cur-
rency shall be required at the city of New
York. I ask their reference to the Committee
on Finance.
They were so referred.
Mr. HENDERSON presented two petitions
of citizens of Missouri, praying for the im-
position by Congress of a duty of at least
thirty cents per bushel on flax-seed; which
were ordered to lie upon the table.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I present two petitions,
signed by business men of the city of Indian-
apolis, reciting that " the further reduction of
the volume of the currency at present would
prove highly injurious to the banking, manu-
facturing, and mercantile interests of the coun-
try, and would entail suffering upon nearly
every member of the community expressing
the opinion "that if such currency shall now
be contracted, we are near to the time when
the lawful obligations of citizens cannot be
met; when the demands of the national Gov-
ernment, together with the heavy taxes levied
by our State and municipal authorities, cannot
be paid, and when many of our good citizens
will have to submit to a confiscation of their
hard-earned property." They therefore ask
Congress to refrain from the passage of any
law authorizing the curtailment of the national
currency, and also to refrain from passing any
law compelling all national banks, wherever
located, to redeem their notes in New York,
or prohibiting national banks from paying or
receiving interest on bank balances. These
petitions are signed by business men of such
high respectability that I feel it my duty to
call the attention of the Committee on Finance
to the subject. I ask their reference to that
committee.
They were so referred.
Mr. MORRILL. I present a petition pf
citizens of Georgetown, in the District of Co-
lumbia, who represent that they are suffering
from the delay of Congress in failing to pass
the bill already reported by the Committee of
the Senate on the District of Columbia in re-
gard to the aqueduct across the Potomac, and
praying action.in that behalf. It is numerously
signed by highly respectable citizens of that
city. I also present on the same point two
other petitions very numerously signed by re-
spectable citizens of Georgetown. As the
subject is now pending before the Senate I
move that these petitions lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY presented a petition of mem-
bers of Kanawha Lodge No. 25, Independent
Order of Odd Fellows, of West Virginia, pray-
ing to be remunerated for the use of and the
damage done to the building used by them as
a lodge-room, and for losses sustained by the
destruction of their regalia, emblems, jewels,
&c., by United States troops in 1862; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CRAGIN presented a petition of Ezra
B. Gordon, late a private in company F, fourth
regiment New Hampshire volunteers, praying
for a pension for-disability incurred in the line
of his duty; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of clerks
employed in railway post offices, praying for
an increase of compensation; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN presented seven petitions
from citizens of Ohio, praying for the passage
of House bill No. 718, to provide increased
revenue from imports, and for other purposes,
at least so far as it relates to the duties oil im-
ported wool; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of journeymen
cigar-makers and manufacturers of cigars of
Cincinnati, Ohio, praying for a specific duty
of five dollars per thousand on all domestic
cigars, that the present tariff on imported cigars
may remain unchanged, and that Congress will
alter the present system of selling stamps to
the manufacturers at five dollars per thousand,
and increase the penalty for violating the in-
ternal revenue laws ; which was x'eferrcd to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. CONNESS. I present the petition of
alt the officers engaged in the military service
of the United States on the Pacific coast for
an increase of thsir pay, either by paying the
