1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1303
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts will
be received informally.
Mr. SUMNEIi. I send it to the Chair, stat-
ing that at the proper time I will offer it. and
in the mean time 1 ask to have it printed for
ihe use of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order
Id print will be entered, no objection being
made.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to take up House
bill No. 1143, to provide for the more efficient
government, of the insurrectionary States, so
that it may have its second reading.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] has already
made a motion to take up another bill.
Mi. SHERMAN. 1 withdraw that motion
fur the present, to allow the Senator from Ore-
gon to have the formal second reading of the
bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. Has it been read at all?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir; it was read yes-
terday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on postponing the further considera-
tion of House bill No. 1102, which is now be-
fore the Senate, for the purpose of taking up
the bill mentioned by the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 hope that will not be
done at this moment. While we have up the
bill with regard to Louisiana, let us progress
with it as far as we can. The Senator from
Massachusetts has already suggested an amend-
ment which has not been read, and I do not
know what it, is. It may cover the same ground
which I think ought to be covered by an amend-
ment. I am very much in favor of the general
principles of the bill in reference to Louisiana,
and am also in favor of the other bill that has
been reported by the joint Committee on Re-
construction, though 1 desire to_ see both bills
amended in some respects. I think the Louisi-
ana bill should be amended so as to- extend
somewhat the right of suffrage. As I under-
stand that bill, it excludes from voting all per-
sons who have taken gart in the rebellion, but
provides that private soldiers who were engaged
in the rebellion may, on going before the-United
States court and making it appear to the court
that they acted as private soldiers, and did
nothing inconsistent with ordinary warfare,
receive a certificate which will entitle them to
vote. Now, every Senator who reflects for a
moment will remember that the United States
court meets in but one place in Louisiana, the
city of New Orleans, and has, I think, but two
terms a year. It would be manifestly very
inconvenient and improper to require citizens
all over the State of Louisiana, who would be
entitled to vote and take part in the reorgani-
zation of the State, to go to New Orleans for
the purpose of obtaining a certificate. If I
understand the bill rightly, they would have to
do so in order to qualify themselves to vote.
I think in that respect the bill ought to be
amended.
My object in saving this now is to call the
attention of the Senate to this point. It is
desirable to pass the bill, and whatever amend-
ments are to be presented may as well be pio-
posed to-day and be ordered to be printed,
and then we shall have them all before us to-
morrow, if it goes over till to-morrow, and we
can read the other bill also to-day. My only
object is to hasten action on the subject. _ 1
presume there are other amendments which
will be suggested besides those named by the
oenator from Massachusetts. I do not know
how much ground his, amendment covers ; but
it seems to me it is desirable to get whatever
amendments are intended to be proposed to
noth bills before the Senate as soon as possi-
jblc
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Oregon
sunplv desired to call up the bill and have a
formal reading of it. It is not open to amend-
ment until after a second reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is open to amend-
ment now.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill of the Senator
from Oregon is not open to amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The other one is, the
one before us.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall have the
formal reading of both these bills to-day and-
then let them go over until to-morrow, when
they will be open for amendment and debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then you lose a day.
Mr. SHERMAN. No. No progress can
be made to-day with either bill, because no
action can be had. I desire to pass another
bill to which I think there will be no objection,
or which at least will not excite much discus-
sion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Wc could act on this
amendment to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; I do not want to act
upon any of these amendments without having
them printed, so that we may be able to see
them and understand them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If they are going to be
printed they may as well be proposed to-day.
Mr. SII13RMAN. Let any Senator who de-
sires to present an amendment submit it to-day
and have an order made for printing it.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I see around
me intimations that lead me to fear the defeat
of both these bills. I perceive that many
members have criticised them far enough to
have prepared a great many amendments.
Now, sir, there is nothing more evident than
that if gentlemen indulge their own prefer-
ences in every respect., and criticise these bills
as carefully as they would do in the early part
of the session, we may just as well abandon
them at once. I tell you it is impossible for
us to pass these bills if we follow the ordinary
course of business here. Unless Senators eon-
sent to defer somewhat to the circumstance, it
is impossible to get through with these bills.
According to the ordinary way of doing busi-
ness each of them would take three weeks.
The perfect storm of amendments that seems
to be threatened all around indicates that there
is really no expectation of passing them, for cer-
tainly no man acquainted with the way we do
business expects that we can get through with
them if we offer amendments and debate them
as we do in ordinary cases.
Now, sir, I wish to say again that I do not
propose to antagonize one of these bills with
the other. I am in favor of them both. If
I am to express my choice, I must say that
I like the Louisiana bill rather the best ; but
then I am for both and tliey must both pass,
and I hope in order to secure that result we
shall all restrain our fancies a little in_the mat-
ter of amendments. I might see things that
if I were to draw a new bill I would alter, per-
haps, for the better, though probably I should
not make very great headway at it at last.
The bill which the Senator from Oregon de-
sires to take up meets my approbation very
well. I do not think it is complete, but I like
the bill and it must pass also, I hope. I do
not want to take time by antagonizing the one
with the other. Some of our friends are very
anxious to take up one first and then the other.
To me thatis a matter of total indifference pro-
vided I am satisfied that whoever begins this
light will persevere in it, as I intend to do my-
self when I take chargc of a bill, for as soon
as we fairly begin the battle I shall not give
the Senate much peace until it is ended. I
think that is the intention of the Senator from
Oregon in regard to his bill, and with that un-
derstanding I am perfectly willing, if I can do
so with the consent of the Senate, to wa^ve the
Louisiana bill, and let his bill be taken up and
read and considered first for aught I care. I
want them both to pass.
Mr. SUMNER. I am in favor of each of
these bills. Each is excellent. One is the
beginning of a true reconstruction ; the other
is the beginning of a true protection. Now, m
these rebellious States there must bo recon-
struction and there must be protection. Both
must bo had, and neither must bfe antagonized
with the other. The two should go on side
by side the guardian angels of this Republic
Never was Congress called to consider meas-
ures of more vital importance. lam unwilling
to discriminate between the two. I accept them
both with all my heart, and am here now to sus-
tain them by my constant presence and vote.
But, sir, what we know as the Louisiana bill
came into this Chamber first; it was first made
familiar to us; it has precedcncc. On that
account it seems to me it ought to come up
first; it ought to lead the way. I am not going
now to say that it is better than the other, or
that the other is better than the Louisiana bill.
Each is good; each is almost as good as we
could have it; and yet, 1 doubt not, each is sus-
ceptible of amendment. The Senator from
Maine has already foreshadowed an important
amendment on the bill reported by the com-
mittee of which he is chairman ; I have already
sent to the Chair an amendment, which at the
proper time I may venture to move on the other
bill; hut I desire to make one remark with
regard to amendments. I am so much in earn-
est for the passage of these bills that I shall
cheerfully forego any amendment of my own
if I shall find that it is the general sentiment
of those who are truly in earnest for the bills
that we ought not to attempt amendments. If,
however, amendments seem to be preferable,
then 1 shall propose those which 1 have sent to
the Chair.
One of my amendments—indeed there are
three sections in the proposition I have sub-
mitted—contemplates the abrogation of all the
rebel legislation, beginning with the ordinance
of secession and including all the legislation
oft.herebel Legislatures, empowering,.however,
the Governor and provisional council to keep
alive certain acts which the necessities of the
case shall seem to require, if there be any such.
Another section annuls all intermediate de-
crees of courts, giving, however, certain pow-
ers in that matter. And still a third section
which I propose requires another oath to sup-
port a republican form of government, and in
the terms of that oath I have undertaken to
set forth what at this moment we should re-
quire of all persons in the rebel States as arti-
cles of faith before they can be admitted to the
privileges of citizenship.
These are the amendments which I have
sent, to the Chair; but I have said that I re-
garded the passage of both of these measures
as of paramount importance and not to be
endangered by any amendments at this, late
stage of the session. If, therefore, amend-
ments shall not seem to be preferable, I shall
postpone such as I have to some other occa-
sion, hoping that I may ingraft them on some
other measure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The bill wmch the
honorable Senator from Oregon has m charge
is a bill tliat originated with him. He pro-
posed it to the Senate, and by the Senate it was
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
It is a bill predicated on the principle of giving
military government to the States which formed
the late confederate States, an idea which I
have always supposed to be the correct idea as
applicable to those States until they become m
a better condition. That bill was foutm m
the Committee on Reconstruction at the time
the bill which was under debate so long in the
other House suggested, by Mr. Stcvlcns, was
referred to that committee. The Committee
on Reconstruction took the military govern-
ment bill of the Senator from Oregon and sub-
stituted it for the other bill; and I believe those
members of thccommittee who were present-
some were not present—were unanimous m
recommending the measure. It was prepared
with very great care ; it was submitted to a sub-
committee and by that sub-committee carefully
worded. It was satisfactory to the House with
the exception of a single phrase, and with tlie
exception of that phrase, after some debate it
was passed, and passed with great unanimity.
In the meantime, while that bill was under
discussion, a bill was reported from the select
11 Committee on the New Orleans Riot, propos
