fH® ^OOIfGRESSIO^AL GLOfBE.
January 18,
vested in the United States; and its jurisdiction
..over this real estate shall be exclusive and the
same as .its jurisdiction over real estate pur-
chased, ceded, or appropriated for-the,purposes
,of nayy-yards, forts, and -arsenals. - The Sec-
retory of War is to pay-to the several owner
Ox owners respectively ih§i appraised value of
.the several pieces or-parcels -of real estate as
specified in the appraisement of the courts, or
..to pay into court,-laydeposit the appraised value;
and the sum.accessary for such purpose may
.be taken from-any moneys appropriated for the
purposes o>f:the'.act.
.. 'i^he eighth section appropriates $50,000 to
.carry out the purposes of the act.
..Mr. WADE. I have seen some of the iron
monuments provided for by this bill, and I
.think it is not creditable to the country to have
' such monuments over th.e graves of our sol-
diers. They are small cast-iron slabs, not
more, perhaps, than eighteen inches high.
Mr. .RAMSEY. Not over twelve inches.
Mr. WADE. Perhaps that is it; I did not
"measure them. They look more like a tin ket-
tle than anything else, and are liable to be
. kicked off and kicked about and changed from
one grave to another by any mischievous per-
son. I think the Committee on Military Affairs
cannot have seen a specimen of them. They
seem to me to be totally inadequate for the
purpose contemplated, and it is discreditable
to tne country to erect such things as monu-
ments for its soldiers.
Mr. CONNESS. A kind of solemn toy!
Mr. WADE. Yes, a solemn toy, or what-
ever you please. It is a burlesque rather than
a monument. If we cannot do any better than
that, I would much rather that nothing should
be done. I think it is discreditable to us, and
must be a means of wounding the feelings of
the relations of the soldiers who may have
occasion to visit the cemeteries where then-
remains are deposited.
I hope the bill will not pass in this form. I
think it had b.etter lie over, and let the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs inspect these monu-
ments and see if some better model cannot be
adopted. I was assured by persons in charge
of some of the cemeteries that they were en-
tirely opposed to the adoption of any such plan
or style of monument, and I agree with them
most heartily. I think if the Military Commit-
tee will look into the subject they will come to
the same conclusion that I have arrived at.
There are other gentlemen here who inspected
some of these cemeteries at the same time
that I did, and who as I understood came to
the same conclusion.
Mr. WILSON. By existing law the War
Department was authorized to prepare these
monuments, and I am told they have agreed
upon this plan. I have no particular reason
for pressing this bill now if the Senate does
not wish it acted upon at present. I am will-
ing to take time to make further inquiries.
The main feature of the bill, however, and
the great object is to get possession of the
land necessary for the sires of these ceme-
teries. The objection which the Senator makes
is simply to the second section of the bill,
which is only carrying out what has already
been adopted. It may be necessary that Con-
gress should arrest it, and I have no objection
to allowing the bill to lie over that I may make
immediate inquiry in regard to what has been
done by the Department which would be cov-
ered by the second section. The other sections
of the'bill, in regard to obtaining the title to
land, are very important to be passed.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think if the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs would inquire
of the Quartermaster's Department in this city
he would find a large number of protests there
from all those who have charge of these national
cemeteries in the South against the adoption
of this plan, which seems to have met the
approbation of the Department, of iron tomb-
stones, so called. They almost universally
object, and there are many representations on
file upon the subject. I think the committee
should take some steps immediately to check
the further execution of the contract if it has
already been entered into. It is unquestionably
wrong.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to the
bill lying over, and I shall call it up after I have
made the necessary inquiries.
The PRESIDENT jrro tempore. Does the
Senator make that motion ?
Mr. WILSON. I do.
The PRESIDENT'pro tempore. It is moved
that the further consideration of the bill be
postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
MINISTER AT VIENNA.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a resolution of
inquiry, which I should like to have acted on
to-day:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate, if in his
opinion not inconsistent with the public interest,
any correspondence between the Department of
State and Mr. Motley, envoy extraordinary and
minister plenipotentiary at Vienna, relating to his
reported resignation of this post.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I object to the consid-
eration of the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie
over under the rules.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 510) declaring a bridge to be built
over the Missouri river at the town of St.
Charles, in the State of Missouri, by the North
Missouri Railroad Company, a legal structure
and a post road; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 258) to incorporate the First Con-
gregational Society of Washington, was re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
On motion of Mr. WADE, the amendments
of the House of Representatives to the bill (,S.
No. 380) to incorporate the Washington County
Horse Railroad Company in the District of
Columbia, were referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the reso-
lution offered by me two or three days ago,
calling on the various heads of Departments
for information in relation to removals from
office and appointments to office in their re-
spective Departments from March 4, 1861, to
March 4, 1865.
The motion was not agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox , its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendment
of the Senate to the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 229) to procure a site for a^building to
accommodate the post office and United States
courts in New York city.
The message further announced that the
House bad passed the following bills, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 571) to regulate proceed-
ings before justices of the peace in the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 896) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Govei-nment for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1867.
BALTIMORE AND POTOMAC RAILKOAD.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up for consid-
eration House bill No. 388.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 388) to authorize
the extension, construction, and use of a lat-
eral branch of the Baltimore and Potomac
railroad into and within the District of Co-
lumbia.
The preamble of the bill recites that it is
represented to the present Congress that the
Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Company,
incorporated by an act of the General Assembly
of Maryland, passed the 6th day of May, 1853,
are desirous, under the powers which they claim
to be vested in them by the provisions of that
act, to construct a lateral branch from the Bal-
timore and Potomac railroad to the District
of Columbia; and it is therefore proposed by
the bill to authorize the Baltimore and Potomac
Railroad Company to extend into and within
the District of Columbia a lateral railroad, such
as the company shall construct or cause to be
constructed in a direction toward the District,
in connection with the railroad which they are
about to locate and construct from the city of
Baltimore to the Potomac river, in pursuance
of their act of incorporation. The company
are to exercise the same powers, rights, and
privileges, and be subject to the same restric-
tions, in the extension and construction of their
lateral railroad into and within the District,
as they may exercise,.or are subject to, under
and by intent of their charter in the extension
and construction of any railroad within the State
of Maryland; and to be entitled to the same
rights, compensation, benefits, and immuni-
ties in the use of the road, and in regard thereto,
as are provided in their charter, except the
right to construct any lateral road or roads
within the District from the lateral branch or
road authorized by the bill; it being expressly
understood that the Baltimore and Potomac
Railroad Company shall have power only to
construct from the Baltimore and Potomac
railroad one lateral road within the District
to some point or terminus within the city and
county of Washington, to be determined in the
manner subsequently mentioned.
Before the company shall proceed to con-
struct any railroad which they may lay out or
locate on, through, or over any land or im-
provements, or to use, take for use, any earth,
stone, or other materials necessary for the con-
struction of the road, on any land within the
District, they shall first obtain the assent of the
owner of such land, improvements, or ma-
terials, or if such owner shall be absent from
the District, or shall refuse to give his assent
on such terms as the company shall approve,
or because of infancy, coverture, insanity, or
any other cause, shall be legally incapable of
giving such assent, then it shall be lawful for
the company to apply to a justice of the peace
of the county of Washington, who shall there-
upon issue his warrant, under his hand and
seal, directed to the marshal of the District,
requiring him to summon a jury of twenty citi-
zens of the District, none of whom shall be in-
terested or related to any person interested in
the land or materials required for the construc-
tion of the railroad, or a stockholder, orrelated
to any stockholder in the company, to meet on
the land, or near to the other property or ma-
terials required, on a day named in the war-
rant, not less than ten lior more than twenty
days after its issue, to proceed to value the
damages which the owner or owners of any
such land or other property will sustain by the
use or occupation of the same required by the
company, and the proceedings, duty, and
authority of the marshal in regard to such
warrant and jury, and the oath or affirmation
to be administered, and inquisition to be made
and returned, shall be the same as are directed
and authorized in regard to the sheriff by nie
thirteenth section of the act of the General As-
sembly of Maryland, incorporating the Balti-
more and Potomac Railroad Company; and
all the otherproceedings in regard to such jury,
and the estimating and valuation of damages,
and the payment or tender of payment of any
damages ascertained by such valuation and the
effect thereof, and of the view of any lands, or
other property, or- materials, as to giving the
company a right to use the same for the use or
construction of any railroad within the District,
are in every case and in every respect to be the
same as is provided in and by the act of cor-
poration in regard to the railroad thereby au-
thorized to b" constructed by the company;
