1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1981
Indian serviee in the State of Oregon and Territory
of Washington, in the years I860, 186L, and 1802,
$40,000: Provided, That such payments shall be made
only to the original owner of the claims.^ and upon
satisfactory proof furnished the accounting officer,
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that clause ought
to be stricken out, unless some Senator can
give us an explanation of it.
Mr. NESMITH. I hope it will not be
stricken out. That was the subject of- very
full investigation by the Seuate last year. The
Senate placed it on the Indian appropriation
bill, and in the committee of conference an
objection was raised to it, and it was said it
ought to go on the deficiency bill. Then we
got it on the deficiency bill. The facts were
all presented to the Senate. It went on the
deficiency bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Has it been considered
by a committee of the Senate?
Mr. NESMITH. Yes, sir, last year; and
then, contrary to the pledges that were made
at that time, it was stricken out of the deficiency
bill. Now it is put on by the House.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It passed the Senate
twice at the last session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
it if it has been considered by the Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If I were disposed to
take up the time of the Senate I could prove
to the satisfaction of every one that it ought
to pass. It is as honest a claim as ever was
presented.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. ■ The read-
ing of the bill will be proceeded with.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
Isaac Strohm for additional services as a clerk in the
Treasury Department from January 1,1854, to March
1, 1855, at the same rate paid for similar additional
services prior to that date, $466 67.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a private claim,
and although it is a small amount I think we
had better strike it out, and I make that
motion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio that it is hardly a
private claim. The Treasury asks it to enable
the Treasury to cover a deficiency for the
employment, and it is only $400.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does the Senator know
that the Treasury asks it?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is what it says.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the ordinary form
of appropriation.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is to enable the
Treasury Department to cover a deficiency in
the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is an old claim from
1854, and was struck off then.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the bill will be proceeded with.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
Library of Congress:
To enable the Librarian of Congress to employ
two additional assistants, commencing April 1, 1867,
$2,400; and there is hereby added to the contingent
fund of said Library the sum of $1,000, to be expended
for temporary help.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is recommended
by the Committee on the Library.
The next item was read, as follows :
For six iron stairways, repairs, and repainting in
the Library of Congress, and for a new skylight in
the central Library, $5,260.
The following items, to which no amend-
ment was proposed, were read:
Public Buildings and Grounds:
To pay for completing the repairs and furnishing
the Executivo Mansion, $35,000: Provided, That no
further payments shall be made on any accounts for
repairs and furnishing the Executive Mansion until
such accounts shall have been submitted to a joint
committee of Congress, and approved by such com-
mittee.
To replace the bruised and worn copper water-
pipes or roof gutters of the Capitol building with iron
pipes, $3,000.
To supply a deficiency in fuel for tho President's
House and for the Capitol, $2,000.
To pay for a poudrette pit at tho President's stable.
$516 19.
To pay for repairing streets passing along Govern-
ment reservations where they were washed away by
the great freshet in October last, $1,500.
To pay tor st'wrr in tho rear of H street, between
Sixteenth and Seventeenth streets west, to abate a
public nuisance, $2,500.
To thoroughly repair the roof of the Exeoutive
Mansion, $2,500.
To pay deficiency and keep in repair the bridge at
or near Little Falls, Potomac river, $3,350.
The next item was read, as follows:
For defraying the expenses of the House of Correc-
tion for Boys in the District of Columbia, for the
current year, $25,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know any-
thing about that, and I will inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on the District of
Columbia if he has any information on the
subject ?
Mr. MORRILL. Let it be read again.
Mr. FESSENDEN.. I believe it is one of
those establishments gotten up last year. I
wish the chairman of the District Committee
would attend to it.
The Secretary again read the item.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not know anything
about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
the clause.
Mr. SUMNER. What does the chairman
of the Committee on the District of Columbia
say ?
Mr. MORRILL. There was no such thing
before us.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next items, as fol-
lows :
For deepening and improving Westport harbor,
Connecticut, $2,500.
For dredging and maintaining tho channel in the
river Thames, near Norwich, in the State of Connec-
ticut, to complete tho work, $36,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In regard to these two
items, both in the State of Connecticut, one
eff them appropriating §2,500 for the channel
at Westport harbor, Connecticut, I think is
right, from a letter that has-been written to
me on the subject. With regard to the other,
$36,000 for the river Thames, near Norwich,
Connecticut, I do not know anything about it.
I have no information on the subject, and I
understand it was put in on motion in the
House. I do not deem it safe to let that go in
without a consultation with the House on the
subject. I therefore move that the second
clause be stricken out. I do not object to the
appropriation for Westport. That was put in
the other bill, and struck out because we had
no papers before us on the subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I desire at this point, if
my friend from Maine will allow me, to sub-
mit a report from a committee of conference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive the report.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the fourth commit-
tee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill of the House No.
890, making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1868,
submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the forty-fourth amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (II.R. No.896) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1868, having mot, after full And free
conference have been unable to agree.
G. F. EDMUNDS,
JOHN CONNESS,
CHARLES R. BCCKALEW,
Managers on the part of the /Senate.
F. C. LE BLOND,
T. M. POMEROY.
W. B. ALLISON,
Managers oh the part of the JJouae.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The report of the com-
mittee of conference being received—I suppose
no vote need be taken on that, for there is
nothing to agree to—I move that the Seuate
again adhere to its forty-fourth amendment to
the bill. I will state that we have had a free
conference ; the House committee had nothing
to propose, except that we should take that
section of the bill, simple and pure : we urged
upon them the injustice and impropriety of the
section itself; that that debt, if it was a debt,
or the honor and faith of the House, it it had
bean pledged by resolutions in violation of law,
had been provided for by the vote of the 28th
of July, 18t>6, in the bill giving them the money,
the twenty per cent., to pay it with ; that it hud
been submitted to the Comptroller of the Treas-
ury, and he decided that it was for that purpose,
applicable by law to it, that it discharged all
their obligations. In addition to that we urged
upon them the fact that we had receded on our
side from every affirmative proposition we had
made in order to compose the difference. In
addition to that we urged upon them the fact
that there were to be provided for in this bill
hundreds of creditors of the Government, to
whom the public faith was pledged, as both
Houses agreed, and that they ought not to force
us to do what we believed to be wrong at the
expense of joining them in a breach of public
faith. While the House committee appeared to
accede personally to the justice ot all these
views but the first one, and pretty much to that,
they said they felt obliged, according to the
temper of the House, to insist that we should
take it as it stood. We thus disagreed. I hope
the Senate will adhere this time, and stay
adhered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Dpo-
little in the chair.) The Senator from Ver-
mont, upon the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, moves that the Senate do adhere to
its vote on the forty-fourth amendment of the
Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1227) making appropriations and to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1807, and for other purposes, the
pending question being on the following item:
For dredging and maintaining the channel of the
river Thames near Norwich, in the State of Connec-
ticut, to complete the work, $36,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike that
out. I have no sort of information on the sub-
ject. It is not in any estimates that I have
seen nor anything else.
Mr. FOSTER. I hope it will not be stricken
out. If I had the talent and capacity of my
friend from Michigan, [Mr. Chaniiler,] who
explains the St. Clair flats to us so clearly and
fully, I think I could astonish the Senate by
showing what an amount of commerce there
is up that short river Thames, and how great
the necessity is for this appropriation. The
Governors of the States of New Hampshire
and Massachusetts early in the session sent
petitions here requesting Congress to make
appropriations to aid the navigation of this
river. Although a short river and unimport-
ant in some respect*, it is the channel of a
vast deal of commerce. There is a vast deal
of property passing up and down the river be-
tween the New England States and New York;
and it is absolutely necessary in order that that
commerce may receive reasonable facilities to
have the channel of the river, which is occa-
sionally obstructed by mud, &c., that accu-
mulates flats, dredged as is provided for in the
bill. It is of great importance to that section
of the country. It is not a local interest really,
but an interest affecting the States of Massa-
chusetts, Vermont, and New Hampshire almost
as much as the State of Connecticut. It would
be a very great injury to those States if the
navigation of this river is not so improved as
to give commerce up and down it reasonable
facilities. I hope it will not be stricken out.
The sum is not large, and it is to complete the
work.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to submit a re-
port from a committee of conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will receive the report.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the committee of
I' conference, on the disagreeing votes ot the two
i| Houses on the bill of the House No. 1173, mak-
ii ingappropriations for sundry civil expenses of
