1306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
to the payment of current debts? The Secre-
tary is authorized to sell it, and has done so to
a limited extent, but is not required to do so.
If the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbum..]
is right, Congress ought by law to direct its
sale on application. In that way interest might
be saved ; but there are weighty reasons why
this accumulation of coin ought to be retained.
About ninety millions of coin will be required
prior to the 1st of January next to meet the
interest of the debt and maturing gold bonds.
If this amount is received from duties the
present large balance can be maintained; but,
for reasons 1 stated on a previous occasion, we
cannot expect our large revenue from customs
to continue.
We ought not to run any risk of a deficient
supply of gold to meet the public engagements.
Bat even if we are mistaken in the falling
off in the revenue, the large amount of gold on
hand acts as a balanee-whecl to maintain the
public credit and to prepare for specie pay-
ments. If it was sold it might depreciate for
a time the market value of gold, but an advance
would then be inevitable, and ils price and that
of ail other commodities would be subject to
speculative fluctuations and combinations.
Ihis view is taken by the best financial author-
ities in the country and is evidently the opinion
of the House of Representatives, which refused
to direct the sale of this gold. My own con-
viction is, that this gold should be retained
until the public debt, is funded, and should then
be applied so as to give additional value to our
paper money, and as soon as possible to form
n solid basis for the resumption of specie pay-
ments.
If I am correct in this view we cannot rely
upon more llian $21),000,000 of the money on
hand to meet the compound-interest notes.
Can they be paid out of the accruing revenue ?
The extraordinary amounts required for the
payment of printing and claims growing out
of the war, the ordinary expenditures and llie
limited diminution of the legal tenders author-
ized by law will exhaust till our revenue. What-
ever balance our present revenue laws produce
cught at once lo be remitted by repealing op-
pressive internal taxes. Nothing can be clearer
than the folly of attempting to now reduce
largely the public debt. And it is equally clear
Unit we should not contemplate an increase of
the funded debt. W'lieu the holders of the
seven-thirty notes avail themselves of their
privilege to fund their debt into gold bonds, the
funded" debt of the United States will be
$2,081,000,000. It must be a very grave ne-
cessity that would induce tnc to authorize its
increase, and for one I intend never to lose
sight of the necessity of reducing the rate of
interest on this debt to a rate similar to that
paid by other great commercial nations. For-
tunately the public debt will be in such form,
maturing in short peiiods, that we may avail
ouivclves of the privilege of paying it oil' by
the sale of bonds at. a lower rate of interest.
Until then we ought not to compel the, Secre-
tary of the Treasury to sell gold bonds to meet
the compound-interest notes. He has power
to do it under the law, and must and will do it
if he has no other revenue, and it is to avoid
this very necessity that the bill under consid-
eration becomes necessary and expedient.
1 said it has been proposed to meet the com-
pound-interest notes by the issue of new legal
lenders or by stopping the reduction of those
now outstanding. This would be to pay a debt
drawing interest by the arbitrary substitution
of one that does not. pay interest. We must
never lose sight of the fact that a legal-tender
note is only a lorced loan without interest, and
to the extent that it is worth less than a gold
dollar it is a falsehood on its face. Govern-
ments are compelled to resort to such measures
■.when their existence is threatened. Weright-
fully and properly resorted to legal tenders
during the war and our people gladly accepted
our promises, but only upon the principle that
as soon as the national danger was over that
we would make out promise good by paying
tt real dollar for our promised dollar. We can
with as much propriety establish legal tenders
for our whole national debt as we can for our
compound-interest notes. The maximum of
legal tenders has been reached and passed.
The reduction of the present volume of legal
tenders is another matter. Contracts have been
made upon the amount of legal tenders now
fixed by law.
The reissue of the present notes is simply a
delay of their payment. This was contem-
plated by all who receive them. The Govern-
ment may properly determine the time when it
will finally pay off and cancel this form of its
indebtedness, but it certainly is bound to give
to these notes all the value possible. They are
only valuable for circulation as money passing
from hand to hand. Their value is diminished
by the vast amount in circulation. As the
amount is rcduced they "Will approach the stand-
ard of gold. When they reach that standard,
and are readily convertible into gold they are
the most convenient form of money that can
be desired. Surely tlie Government ought to
reduce the volume of this currency slowly but
firmly until that standard is reached. For this
reason the Committee on Finance are of opin-
ion that the discretionary power conferred upon
the Secretary of the Treasury to reduce this
currency at the rate of $-1,000,000 a month
ought not to bo taken from him. It is not
mandatory but discretionary. As one member
of that committee I would far prefer to take
from him the power to issue gold bonds except
in the process of funding the seven-thirties.
This is a power far more likely to be abused.
It now only remains for me to state why this
bill furnishes the most feasible mode of retain-
ing a portion of the compound-interest notes.
It will bo perceived that wo only provide for
$100,000,000, leaving the balance to be paid
from cash on hand and current receipts. The
reason is that three per cent, loan certificates
would only be held by national banks—the low
rate of interest precluding their use by other
bankers. By the national bank act all national
banks are required to keep on hand from fifteen
to twenty-live per cent, in " lawful money;" a
portion of this reserve may be kept in deposit
banks in cities and in clearing-house certif-
icates. The compound-interest notes are
"lawful money" for the principal of them, and
though they cannot be counted as a part of the
reserve to redeem their notes they may be for
their deposits. The result is that $82,000,000
ofthemaro held by national banks—upon their
payment the banks would have to hold in their
stead an equal amount of "lawful money" in
greenbacks—thus making a sharp contraction
that would seriously embarrass the business
community; or the country banks could trans-
fer the sums now held in compound-interest
notes to the deposit banks in New York and
receive interest on them. These deposits
would be loaned to bankers and brokers and
furnish fresh facilities for speculative opera-
tions.
Under those circumstances the banks are
willing to take a Government security payable
on demand at a low rate of interest, provided
that this deposit may be counted as a part of
their reserve precisely to the same extent that
a similar deposit with a city bank would be.
The effect of this arrangement is to reduce the
interest on the compound-interest notes from
six per cent, to three, and to transfer a portion
of the bank reserves to the Treasury of the
United States. The Committee on Finance
became satisfied after a full examination of the
matter that the arrangement is a favorable one
for the Governmentand a reassuring and steady-
ing one to the business community. And this is
the opinion of the Secretary of the Treasury,
who writes as follows:
" This proposition moetswith ray entire approbation.
It will relieve me from all anxiety on account of the
compound-interest notes, and will provide for them
in such a way as not to derange the business and
finances of tho country.
"I commend it to the consideration of the Finance
Committee, and hope they will report favorably upon
it without delay.
" Very respectfully,
II. MCCULLOCH, Secretary."
I therefore trust the Senate will pass it with-
out further delay. We have heard all that can
be said about it, and it should be acted upon
before we become involved in the discussion
of the reconstruction bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TBUMBULL. I do not know that it
is of any use to make opposition to this bill
reported from the Finance Committee. 1 am
not prepared at this hour with the amendment
which 1 would like to move, which would be
to pay off these compound-interest notes with
the money that is in the Treasury, or at least a
jjortion of them, instead of exchanging one
species of indebtedness for another. If the
Senate think proper to pass the bill without
affording me an opportunity to move an amend-
ment, it is for them to say so. I shall not
take up any time.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the ametldmcnt was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
NIAOARA SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 311, to incorporate the Niagara Ship-
Canal Company.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LANE. If it is in order, I desire now
to submit a motion that the Senate take a
recess till seven o'clock, this evening having
been set apart by a previous resolution for the
consideration of pension bills. Tf this bill is
taken up now it may lead to a protracted
debate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senate will
take up this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan.
The motion being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 14; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Oattell, Chandler, Conncss, Foprg,
Foster, Frolinjrhuysen, Grimes, Ilowaul, Howe, iVlc-
den, Harris, Henderson, Ivirkwood, Liuie, Morgan,
Siuiisbury, Sherman, Van Winkle, Williams, and
Wilson—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cowan, Cragin, Crcs-
woll. Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fowler, Guthrie,
Hendricks, johnson, Ncstnith, Norton, Nye, Poland,
Kiddle, \Villey, and Yates—IB.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
(H. It. No. oil) to incorporate the Niagara
Ship-Canal Company isbclore the Senate as in
Committee of tho Whole.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am willing to allow a
vote to be taken on the bill without debate. It
is a bill that has been very thoroughly debated,
and I presume every member of this body has
made up his mind as to how he will vote upon
it. It is a bill of great importance, not only
to the Northwest, but to New England and
to every portion of the country, if the Senate
will take a vote, I will not make any remarks
about it.
Mr. LANE. I move that the Senate take a
recess till seven o'clock, for the purpose of
disposing at- that time of pension bills.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the Senator
that he modify his motion, so as to provido
that at half past four o'clock we take a recess.
It is only a quarter past four now.
Mr. LANE. Very well. I will modify my
motion in that way. I move that at half past
four o'clock to-day the Senate take a recess
till seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask for the reading of
the amendment proposed by the Committee
on Commerce at the close of the bill with re-
gard to the section requiring the assent of the
State of New York before the bill shall go
into effect.
Mr. FESSENDEN and others called for the
reading of the bill.
