1982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
the Government for the year ending June 30,
18G8, submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. R. No. 1173) making appropriations for sun- ,
dry civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending Juno 30,18t58, having met, after full and free j
conference have agreed to recommend, and do rec- j
oinmcnd, to their respective Houses, as follows; [
That the IIou«e recede from their disagreement to i
amendments of the Senate numbered twelve, sixteen,
seventOTn, twenty-two, thirty-two, thirty-nine, forty- j
five, forty-six, torty-seven, forty-eight, forty-nine, i
and fifty-two, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered six, eighteen, nineteen, forty-one, aud .
fifty-three.
That the Senate recede from their thirty-fifth
amendment, and agree to aaid clause with an amend*
ment, as follows: strike out "twenty-five hundred'* i
and insert in lieu thereof "one thousand," and the J
Hoive agree to the same. |
That the Senate recede from their forty-second
amendment, and agree to said clause, with an amend-
ment as follows: on page 18, line twelve of the bill,
after the word "mutes" insert the words "not exceed-
ing ten in number," andthe Houseagreeto the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the forty-third amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: strike
out all of said amendment and insert in lieu thereof
the following: "And be it further enacted, That the
office of Commissioner of Public Buildings is hereby
abolished, and the chief Engineer of the Army shall
perform all the duties now required by law of saki !
Commissioner, and shall also have the superintend-
ence of the Washington aqueduct and all the public
works and improvements of the Government of the
United States in the District of Columbia, unless
otherwise provided by law. And the Sergeant-at-
Arms of the Senate and the Sergcant-at-Arms of the
House of Representatives shall hereafter appoint the
members of the Capitol police; and the Senate agree
to the same.
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the
House to the twentieth amendment of the Senate.
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the
House to the fifty-sixth amendment of the Senate,
with an amendment as follows: strike out all of said
Houso amendment, and insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing: "Provided, That all printing of any kind
whatever by the Executive Departments shall be
executed by the Government Printer where practi-
cable, and if not, at such office as may be designated
by the Clerk of the House of Representatives, atrates
not exceeding the current rates for such printing,
andthe House agree to the same."
JOHN SHERMAN,
IRA HARRIS,
J. W. NESMITH,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
TIIADDEUS STEVENS,
H. VAN AERNAM,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senate recede
from its amendment to pay the rebel assessors?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; I will gratify my
friend by saying that we recede from that.
Mr. SUMNER. I am very glad of that.
Then the six hours' debate here was not in
vain.
Mrv SHERMAN. The result would have
been the same if the Senator had not debated
the subject at all, probably. He might have
saved us all that. If there is'any amendment
that any Senator takes an interest in I will
answer any question; if not, I suppose the vote
may as well be taken on the report.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I wish to make one
inquiry with regard to the conclusion of the
report. What public printing is to be given by
the Clerk of the House? I will ask for the
reading of that portion of the report again.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can explain it probably
in a shorter time. The House inserted an
amendment providing that any printing that
could not be done by the Public Printer might
be given out to other printing offices by the
Clerk of the House. The amendment as agreed
upon by the_ conference committee provides
that all printing ordered by the Executive De-
partments shall be done at the Government
Printing Office; but if, for any cause, the Pub-
lic Printer cannot execute it, then the Clerk
of the House may select the place where it is
to be executed.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Do I understand that
all the printing of the Government in all its de-
partmsnts, except that which may be executed
at the office of the Public Printer, may be dis-
tributed and dispersed over the country by the
Clerk of the House of Representatives?
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no; this does not
apply to printing blanks, &c. It only applies
to the printing here. It is all done now by the
Public Printer ; bnt in some cases it is said by
the conferees on the part of the House that
the Executive Departments send a great deal
of printing that might have been done at the
public office to jobbing offices in this city,
merely for the purpose of giving patronage to
newspapers. That was urged by the House
conferees. We have cut that off so far as we
could by requiring all printing of thatcharacter
to be done by the Public Printer; and when it
cannot be done by the Public Printer, then we
leave the Clerk of the House to designate who
should do it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. It seems to me to be a
very singular provision indeed to give the Clerk
of the House of Representatives, who is not
here in the interval between the sessions, con-
trol over the printing of the public Executive
Departments of the Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. We presumed there would
be nothing of that kind done ; that it would
all be done at the Government Printing Office.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I think that part of the
report which places the public buildings and the
Capitol under the charge of the engineer de-
partment is wrong. There is no correct prin-
ciple on which it can be sustained.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend is mistaken in
that regard. The law now is very specific, and
places the public buildings and grounds here
under the direction of the President of the
Senate and Speaker of the House. That is
the present law. This simply provides that the
appropriations made for the public works here
shall be expended under the direction of the
chief Engineer. He will have no voice or
Eower of management in regard to the public
uildings or grounds.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Who will have?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Speaker of the House
and the President of the Senate have it, under
the law, and we do not change the law, except
that the police who are now appointed by tne
Commissioner of Public Buildings are here-
after to be appointed by the Sergeant-at-Arms
of the Senate and the Sergeant-at-Arms of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to hear that
provision read in regard to the Engineer.
The Secretary read as follows:
And be it further enacted. That the offiec of Com-
missioner of Public Buildings is hereby abolished,
and the chief Engineer of tho Army shall perform all
the duties now required by law of said Commissioner,
and shall also have the superintendence of the Wash-
ington aqneduetandof the public works andimprove-
ments of the Government of the United States in the
District of Columbia, unless otherwise provided by
law. And the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate and
the Sergeant at-Arms of the House of Representa-
tives shall hereafter appoint the members of the
Capitol police.
Mr. MORRILL. The proposition is open
to the criticism of the Senator from Rhode
Island, of course.
Mr. SHERMAN. No.
Mr. MORRILL. The chief Engineer is to
be substituted for the Commissioner of Public
Buildings.
Mr. SHERMAN. The language is pre-
cisely the same as in the original Senate
amendment, except that in place of a civil en-
gineer, to be appointed by the advice and con-
sent of the Senate at a salary of $4,000 a year,
we insert the chief engineer of the Army. The
language is precisely the language passed by
the Senate. The only difference is that we
give the authority and the disbursements of
these funds to the chief engineer. The House
conferees, I thought with a good deal of force,
said there was no propriety now in abolishing
one office at $2,500 salary and making another
at $4,000 for the purpose of giving patronage
to the administration. Now, the control is
given to the chief engineer.
Mr. MORRILL. That is not the difficulty
that occurs to me. The Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings has the entire custody of the pub-
lic grounds and public buildings in this District
by law. Now, what the Senate proposed in its
original amendment was to substitute for the
Commissioner of Public Buildings a profes-
sional engineer, who should have the charge
of all the public buildings and grounds and
improvements and of the aqueduct. By this
amendment we give it to the chief engineer of
the Army, and the chief engineer of the Army
is to have the care of the public buildings,
including this building an'd all the other build-
ings, because the Speaker of the House and
President of the Senate have only the appoint-
ment of the police. This report gives that ap-
gointment to the Sergeants-at-Arms of the two
[ouses. That is all they have. They have
the appointment of the police ; but the custody
of this building and all the public buildings
and the superintendence and care of the pub-
lic gardens are by this proposition devolved
upon the chief engineer of the Army.
| Mr. SHERMAN. My friend is mistaken.
The law is express that the custody of this
building shall be entirely under the direction
and control of the President of the Senate and
the Speaker of the House, and in them alone.
They exercise that power.
Mr. MORRILL. They exercise the power
of supervision ; but it is all under the direc-
tion and control, under the care, in other words,
of the Commissioner of Public Buildings.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all; they can ex-
clude the Commissioner of Public Buildings
| from the Capitol entirely. His only connec-
tion with it is that he spends the money in
pursuance of our appropriations. That is the
law.
Mr. MORRILL. Very well. All the ap-
propriations that are made for the care and
custody of the public buildings and grounds
are and have been under the direction of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, and that
is all to be transferred now to the chief engi-
neer of the Army.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; and that is right.
Mr. MORRILL. I protest that we ought
not to put ourselves in that position. I do not
believe the chief engineer of the Army can
attend to it personally, or that he ought to be
expected to attend to it. It is not a thing that
can be devolved upon him.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Does this make the
engineer a disbursing officer?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUCKALEW. With no security to the
Government?
Mr. SHERMAN. We put the whole thing
under the charge of the engineer department.
Mr. MORRILL. That is all wrong.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me answer the Sen-
ator's criticism. The amendment prepared by
the honorable Senator gave all this power to a
civil engineer, to be appointed by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, at a salary
of $4,000, without bonds, without any stipula-
tions as to bonds. This proposition transfers
that power proposed to be given to a civil engi-
neer to an officer of the Army of high grade.
In the one case, if we had taken the Senate
amendment as it was sent to the House, as a
matter of course we should have had no secur-
ity ; we should have had a new civil officer at
a salary of $4,000, without any security what-
ever. The House objected to that, and said
we ought to insert an officer of the Army, or
some officer whose commission at least would
be the very highest security ; and I think that
is the best way myself.
Mr. CRAGIN. I wish to ask the Senator
from Ohio a question. The Commissioner of
Public Buildings has the appointment of quite
a large number of men, those who superintend
the draw-bridge, lamplighters, the watehruen
on the Capitol extension and some of the pub-
lic squares. As I understand it, this amend-
ment abolishes the office of Commissioner
of Public Buildings, but does not give the
appointment of those offices to anybody else.
Mr. SHERMAN. It gives the appointment
t<j the engineer.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am not so sure about
that. I should like to hear the amendment
read again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sec-
retary will again read the amendment in rela-
tion to the chief engineer.
The Secretary read the amendment.
