1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And so they are yet.
Mr. SUMNER. And so they are yet, the
Senator reminds me, and justly ; but can the
Senator doubt that if at the time when those
officers were made subject to the confirmation
of the Senate, weighers and gaugers and in-
spectors had been as well paid as they are now
that they too would have been brought under
the control of this body ? I cannot.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think they
would.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator does not think
they would.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The reason was that
those offices of marshals and district attorneys
were considered in early times to be invested
with a supposed degree of respectability, honor,
and responsibility connected with the duties
to be performed, and not in respect to the
mere price which was paid to the persons for
performing them. So the collectors of cus-
toms, with the approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury, were authorized to appoint most of
their subordinates; the Postmaster General was
authorized to appoint all of his, it being sup-
posed that that class of offices requiring only
a low degree of skill and not involving large
public trusts, either in respect to administra-
tion or in respect to the pecuniary consideration
to be received, might properly be left to the
heads of Departments. I think that was the
rule which governed the discrimination which
was made.
Mr. SUMNER. But even if the Senator
does not accept the view which I now present
on the probable course of our fathers, he can-
not resist the argument that, whatever may
have been the old system, we must act now in
the light of present duties. I repeat, a system
good for our fathers may not be good for this
hour, which is so full of danger.
Then, again, we are told, with something of
indifference if not of levity, that it is not the
duty of the Senate to look after the "bread
and butter" of office-holders. This is a fa-
miliar way of saying that these small cases are
not worthy of occupying the Senate. Not so
do I understand our duties. There is no case
so small as not to be worthy of occupying the
Senate; especially if in this way you can save a
citizen from oppression and weaken the power
of an oppressor.
Something has been said about the curtail-
ment of the executive power; and the Sen-
ator from Maine. [Mr. Fessenden] has even
argued against the amendment moved by me
as conferring upon the President additional
powers. This is strange. The effect of this
amendment is, by flear intendment, to take
from the President a large class of nomina-
tions and bring them within the control of the
Senate. Thus it is obviously a curtailment of
executive power, which I insist has become
our bounden duty. The old resolution of the
House of Commons, moved by Mr. Dunning,
is applicable here: "The power of the Crown
has increased, is increasing, and ought to be
diminished." In this spirit we must put a bit
in the President, who is now maintaining an
illegitimate power by removals from office.
We are in the midst of a crisis. On one
side is the President and on the other the
people. It is the old question between pre-
rogative and Parliament which occupied our
English fathers. But the form it now takes is
grander than ever before. In this controversy
I am with the people and against the President..
I have great faith in the people: but I have no
faith in the President. Here, sir, I close what
I have to say at this time. But before I take my
seat, you will pardon me if I read a brief les-
son, which seems as if written for the hour.
The words are as beautiful as emphatic :
"Thedosmasof the quiet past are inadequate to
the stormy present. The occasion is piled high with
difficulty, and we must rise with the occasion. As
cur case is new, so weiaust think anew and act anew.
"W <" must disenthrall ourselves and then we shall save
our country,"
These are the words of Abraham Lincoln.
They are as full of vital force now as when he
uttered them. I entreat you n«t to negleot
the lesson. Learn from its teaching how to
save our country.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not rise to prolong
the debate on this amendment more than a
few moments; but I think it right to say, in
reply to my friend from Massachusetts, for
whose opinions upon fundamental questions I
have always entertained the highest respect,
that I think upon reflection he will himself
admit by and by that there are many theories
which are absolutely perfect in themselves that
cannot be carried into practice. There are
many things that it would be exceedingly de-
sirable to do if, as human nature goes and as
human organizations are, they could be actually
effected. It would be highly desirable if the
will of the people of this country could be car-
ried into the remotest detail of the Govern-
ment, because that is the fundamental theory.
It is, in theory, the duty of the hour in all
democratic governments that the people's will
should go to the uttermost artery and vein of
the administration of a people's Government;
but every man in his senses knows perfectly
well that no such chimera can be carried into
practice. The people are numerous. They
cannot act individually or collectively together
as a body. They must select their chief agents.
Their chief agents must select subordinates,
and those subordinates again must have more or
less discretion in selecting the agencies which,
under them, are to carry out the practical
operations of the business of the Government.
Now, the question on the amendment of my
friend is simply this: first, whether it be de-
sirable for the President and the Senate of the
United States to occupy their time, no matter
whether they are in opposition or in accord, in
discussing the particular merits of A against B
for a night-watchman in the city of New York or
for an inspector of customs in the city of Boston.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator does not in-
tend to misrepresent me; but he knows there
is no such proposition before us.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I know
that there is such a proposition before the Sen-
ate. The proposition before the Senate is the
written amendment proposed bv my friend
from Massachusetts, and that makes a sweep-
ing provision for every civil officer under the
Government of the United States, except the
clerks in the Departments, who is appointed
by the head of a Department. If my friend
will look at the law 
Mr. SUMNER. Let me correct the Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. The language is, "all per-
sons now appointed by the President or any
head of a Department." If a night-watchman
is appointed by the head of a Department the
Senator is right; if he is not appointed by the
head of a Department he is not right.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Exactly. My friend has
stated the point of difference between us pre-
cisely. If a night-watchman is appointed by
the head of a Department then he comes
within the operation of the amendment; if he
is not, he does not.
Mr. SUMNER. That is, if his pay is up-
ward of $1,000 a year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly. Now, I sub-
mit to my friend from Massachusetts whether
or not the Secretary of the Treasury is the
head of a Department? I believe he is.
Mr. SUMNFJt. Yes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, I refer him to the
law, and it may be called almost the funda-
mental law—it is the fundamental law of cus-
toms—which has stood from 1799 to this day,
which makes it the duty of the Secretary of
the Treasury, the head of the department of
customs, on the nomination of the collector
or the surveyor or the naval officer, as it may
be, of the port, to appoint all the subordinates,
and he does 
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me
to read the precise text?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. I have it before me, the
statute of 1799. It isi
" That the colUetsr shall, with the approbation of
the principal officer of the Treasury Department,
employ proper persons as weighers, gaugers, meas-
urers, and inspectors at the several ports within his
district."
There it is. The collector shall do this with
the approbation of the principal officer of the
Treasury Department. What is the thing to
be done? He shall employ proper persons as
weighers, gaugers, measurers, and inspectors;
nothing more.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, if my friend will
allow me to instruct him a little—and it is very
rare that I or any other man can have that
opportunity, and I say it in sincerity—let me
inform my friend that a night-watchman in the
city of New York and in the city of Boston,
or wherever he may happen to be in the cus-
toms service, is an inspector and is appointed
as such, and" his business is to inspect and
watch over vessels during the night, and so he
is called a night-watchman. . There is not any
such legal officer known to the law by the name
of night-watchman that I know of.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me, I will state that under the Constitution it
is clear that Congress has no power to confer
upon any one but the President, the heads of
Departments, or the courts of law, the power
of appointing officers.
Mr. ED MUNDS. That I stated the other day.
Mr. SHERMAN. By the Constitution we
must confine it to the President of the United
States, the courts of law, and the heads of
Departments; and we have no right to confer
it on the heads of bureaus. We attempted to
do so, and the point was made, and we had to
change the law in the case of assistant as-
sessors.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was about to refer to
that, as I referred to it the other day. We
have no power to place it in anybody else.
Therefore, as I said I think yesterday or the
day before, every officer who is an officer by
law, whatever he may be, must be appointed
and is appointed either by'the President with
the advice and consent of the Senate, by the
President alone, by the heads of Departments)
or by the courts of law; and there the list is
exhausted; there is no other authority for
appointment in any other way.
Now, to return. As I said before, a night-
watchman (if my friend will allow me to tell him
his error) is an inspector, and he is appointed
as such. I know personally what the practice
in the Department is about such appointments.
Every appointment of that description is made
in the form of a nomination by the collector
of the port or the surveyor, who may have
charge under the law of some particular branch
of it, to the Secretary of the Treasury in writ-
ing. "I nominate John Smith,'- or whoever
it may be, "to be an inspector of customs."
If John Smith meets the approval of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury he is sworn and exam-
ined and appointed, and is detailed to duty as
a night-watchman or a day inspector or what-
ever it may be.
Now, then, the point is, whether it is wise,
whether it is one of the duties of the hour, one
of the high and solemn duties of the hour, of
which we have been told so much, that we
should descend, as I say it is descending, from
the position of attending to many high duties
of the hour that do surround us, to go into
these small offices, that have no special trust
or responsibility commensurate with our atten-
tion at all, and undertake to wage a warfare with
the President or with the heads of Departments
as to whether A or B should be the person em-
ployed ; because, whether it is A or B, either
is a citizen of the United States, and either,
considered in himself as a citizen, is as much
entitled to hold the office as the other. I agree
with my friend that I vastly prefer that tha
President of the United States should appoint
Republicans. My prejudices, if they are«'to
Recalled prejudices—my judgment, as I should
call it—leads me in that direction; but I do say
that when we have a measure of this descrip-
tion under consideration, which involves the
privileges  f the Senate and is intended to ro-
