1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1307
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be readi
Mr. HOWE. I do not think the Senator
from Michigan wishes to hear the bill read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Maine asked to have the bill read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not want to act
on a long bill like this without knowing what
it is.
Mr. HOWE. Before the bill is read I wish
to inquire whether the amendment in the
twenty-eighth section was adopted at the last
session. I am told the amendments were all
acted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
so understands.
Mr. HOWARD. I think there is no neces-
sity for reading the bill. It has been once
read, and we understand it very well.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I should like to ask
■whether the bill is about to be read as it has
been amended, or as it was originally reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read as it stands amended.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I understand that it
has not been printed in the amended form.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill has
not been printed as amended. The bill has
been acted upon by the Senate as in pommit-
tee of the Whole; and several amendments
have been offered and discussed, and several
have been adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When was that done?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. At the last
session of Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The bill with the
amendments ought to bo printed, so that we
may see what they are.
Mr. HOWARD. I am quite sure the bill
has been printed as reported by the Committee
on Commerce at the last session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is informed that after the bill was reported
amendments were made to it, and those
amendments have not been printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I movethat the bill
be laid upon the table and printed with the
amendments, so that we can see what it is. I
cannot vote upon a bill of that sort without
knowing something about it.
Mr. CHANDLER. The amendments are
printed.
Mr. HOWARD. I hold in my hand the bill
on which the Senate acted at the last session,
with the amendments printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In what stage is the
bill now ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In Com-
mittee of the Whole. The Chair is informed
that, amendments have been made sinQe the
bill was reported by the Committee 8n Com-
merce, which have not been printed.
Mr. HOWARD. Those amendments, if my
memory is not very much at fault, were fevy,
and can be very easily indicated, and their
effect upon the bill very readily understood,
and I do not think it will bo necessary to re-
print the bill for that purpose. The principal
amendments agreed to by the Senate, as re-
ported by the Committee on Commerce, are
printed 111 this copy which I hold in my hand.
A few modifications were made and some addi-
tional amendments agreed to in the Senate,
but I think they were very lew. .
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no recollection
of it at the present time. 1 attended somewhat
to this bill when it went along at the-last ses-
•siou, but I do not know how it stands now.
I should like to see the bill with the amend-
ments that have been made, or at any rate to
have time to look at and consider them in
manuscript, if the Senate is unwilling to have
them printed, so that I may know how the bill
stands. It is impossible for the members to
remember exactly how the bill stands. I have
forgotten entirely what its provisions are. I
believe it appropriates some millions of dollars,
but it has been so long since the bill has been
before us that I have forgotten its details. I
think it would be only just and wise to let the
bill lie long enough to give us an opportunity
to understand how it stands.
Mr. CHANDLER. It has lain here for two
years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But it has not been
taken up at this session.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think the Senate will
bear me witness that I have been, in season
and out of season, trying to get it up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will bear witness to
that, but it has not been taken up hitherto at
this session, and therefore Senators are not
exactly fresh in their recollections of it. I am
not, and I wish to understand it.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator can in
five minutes, ay, in one minute, go to the desk
and read every amendment that has been
made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It would hardly be
practicable for every Senator to go to the desk
and take time in that way. I think we ought
to have an opportunity to understand what the
bill is.
Mr. CHANDLER. Unless we can get-action
on this bill now, we shall lose it for this session.
If we allow this chance to go by, I fear it may
be the end of the bill. I hope that the Senate
will act upon it now. The amendments made
by the Senate can be read in two minutes,
and I ask that they be road.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The read-
ing of the bill itself was called for by the Sen-
ator from Maine.
Mr. CHA NDLER. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that call. The bill has been road at
length before.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot do that, for
I have no idea of voting on a bill until I know
what it is.
Mr. MORRILL. I suggest to the honora-
ble chairman of the Committee on Commerce
that we have agreed to take a recess at half
past four o'clock ; it is now within five min-
utes of that time, and it is impossible to make
any progress with the bill in that time.
Mr. CHANDLER. But the amendments
can bo read between now and half past four
o'clock.
Mr. MORRILL. As there is a desire to
have the bill printed, I suggest whether it will
not be a matter of economy to allow the bill
to lie on the tabic and be printed? Certainly
we can make no progress in it now, when we
have agreed to a recess at half past four
o'clock, and we aro within four minutes of
the time.
Mr. HOWARD. This bill was passed by
the House of Representatives on the 1st of
May, 18GG; it came into the Senate on the 2d
of May, and was referred to the Committee on
Commerce in this body. On the 12th of June
that committee reported it back with amend-
ments. During last session the bill was taken
up in the Senate, read through, and consid-
ered, and the Senate concurred in almost all
the amendments of the Committee on Com-
hi erce.
Mr. CHANDLER. In all.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, in everyone of these
amendments except the last one, which was to
strike out this section:
That this act shall not take effect unless the Legis-
lature of the State of New York shall within one
year from the data hereof give its assent thereto.
Upon that amendment I believe the Senate
did not act, but the consideration of it was
dropped for the time being; and it is now
before us in precisely the same condition that
it was at that time. It has been fully read from
beginning to end.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. -The Chan-
is informed that the last amendment was agreed
to by the Senate. Is the reading of the bill
insisted upon?
Mr. FESSENDEN and others. It is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clerk
will proceed to read the bill.
Mr. TRU-MBULL. I suggest that it is withm
two minutes of the time when we are to take a
recess, and the bill cannot be read through in
those two minutes. I move, therefore, that
the bill as amended be printed, so that wo shall
have it by to-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the better vay.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that motion will
not be agreed to by the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I believe it can be pxmted
by to-morrow.
Mr. HOWARD. It has been printed with
the amendments, and is now here; and the
Senate has made no new amendment to this
bill, but has concurred in the amendments
recommended by the Committee on Commerce,
with the exception of the last amendment
which I have read. There is no necessity for
reprinting this bill at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does not my friend see
that it cannot possibly be touched to-night, and
to-morrow he may be troubled with the same
motion to print unless he agrees to it now? If
he agrees to it now we shall have the bill
printed and on our tables to-morrow.
Mr. HOWARD. Will my friend from Maine
tell me what necessity there is or can ho for
reprinting this bill?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to answer the
question of the Senator from Michigan. I have
just looked at the bill at the desk, and I find
that there are manuscript amendments to it.
And some of the text of the bill as printed has
been stricken out.
Mr. HOWARD. The amendments are im-
material.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They may be immaterial,
but Senators insist on seeing them. We shall
lose nothing by printing them. Why not con-
sent to have the bill printed with the amend-
ments, so that we may have it hero in the
morning?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to print.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 hope that this mo-
tion  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour of
half-past four o'clock having arrived, the Senate
will now take a recess until seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating, in obedience to law,
a reportof thesuperintendent of the Coast Sur-
vey, showing the progress of that work during
the year ending November 1, lRfiG, accom-
panied by a manuscript map of the progress
brought up to date; which was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
He also laid before the Senate a report of
the Secretary of War, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
14thinstant, information in relation to thcSand
Creek massacre, in November, 1801; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a com-
munication from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, accompanied by reports to the Indian
Bureau, giving information in relation to the
temper, conduct, and purposes of the Indian
tribes on the southern frontier, and recom-
mending an appropriation for the Indians west
of the Mississippi river; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MJMOIUAI.S.
Tli® PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memorial of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of New Mexico, in favor of an ap-
propriation for the erection of a penitentiary
in that Territory, and praying that authority
may be given to the Secretary of the 1 reasury
to cause the stone in the present unfinished
penitential'}7 to be used in finishing the capitol
j! buildin", and that the site of the present pem-
il te'ntiary may be sold and a new site selected
