1984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
ment. It- seems to challenge our friend's jeal-
ousy because it connect?itself with the mineral
lands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not like that sort
of observation that because I do my duty and
stand up here to make inquiries and to call
attention to a subject I am to be accused of
jealousy because this relates to the mineral
lands. The Senator ought to know better.
That sort of thing is very much out of place, I
think, in the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. It is not half so much out
of place as this ebullition ; and I intend that
the honorable Senator, for whom I feel all the
respect I can feel for anybody, shall stand such
remarks as I legitimately make on subjects
affecting the people whom I represent here.
Mr. President, this appropriation has been
regularly estimated for. It need not excite
the Senator's jealousy, nor any other Senator's
jealousy. I think I did not use the word
"jealousy" before; but the Senator need not
get angry, because I said nothing that should
anger him or any other man. Now, sir, I do
not intend to take lectures of this kind.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the gentleman does
not intend to take lectures of this kind he
should be decent in his language. Here, in
conducting a bill through the Senate, I make
an objection to an appropriation proposed, and
the Senator said that it ought not to excite my
jealousy because it referred to the mineral
lands. That is what he said. Is not that an
intimation that it is a personal jealousy I feel
on account of the locality? If it is not I do
not understand language. Now, then, I think
that it was not treating me decently, I having
to look out for this bill, to accuse me of per-
sonal motives on account of localities, because
I called for information and objected to an
item. If the Senator regards this as a lecture,
he can take it. I cannot bear everything more
than any other man.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator has not been
called upon in this case to bear with anything
from me. The Senator draws upon his imagi-
nation to make a case. I have no feeling in
the matter. I had none in the words I uttered.
I have no feelings toward the Senator now
but the most exceedingly kind ones, and he
cannot induce me to have any other. I merely
meant to be understood that because this is
for a service far distant with which the Senator
cannot be so well acquainted he need not
therefore oppose it. Is there any harm in that ?
Mr. STEWART. I simply want to call the
attention of the Senator from Maine to the fact
that applications have been made for about
twelve additional land offices, and the President
declines to authorize them unless there is an ap-
propriation in advance; so that there is a stand-
still. The instructions have gone out, and they
are very anxious to proceed under the law.
The estimates were made then in consequence
of his refusal on our application for two or
three land offices for California and Nevada
and one of the Territories. Nothing can be
done until this appropriation is made in ad-
vance. There will be several land offices
needed, but there will be nothing done until
an appropriation is made; and unless it is
made, we shall not have the benefit of the law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have called the at-
tention of the Senate to it. The Senate will
decide as it pleases.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask for the reading
of the item proposed to be stricken out.
The Secretary read the clause, as follows:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to carry
into effort the provision of the seventh section of the
act of Congress entitled "An act granting the right
of way to ditch and canal owners over public land?,
and for other purposes." approved July 2G. 1866,
$36,000.
Mr. CONNESS. I will repeat simply that
this item finds its way into this bill on estimates
regularly made by the Land Office and the
Secretary of the Interior and placed before the
House of Representatives.
Mr. HENURICKS. Is the Secretary of the
Interior to dig ditches?
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir; that is a quota-
tion from the title of the act; but the act pro-
vides for the sale of the mineral lands. The
Senator understands that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is this money to
be spent for?
Mr. CONNESS. Such of it as is necessary
for the establishment of land offices to make it
convenient to enter mining lands for sale. You
want money from them, I suppose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have nothing further
to say, sir, except that I must vote against it.
Mr. CONNESS. I call the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONNESS. If the communications
from the Department accompanied the bill, as
they should have done, I am sure the Senate
would not strike out this entire amount and
leave us without land offices.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The matter can be set-
tled in a conference committee.
Mr. CONNESS. There is nothing in the
world upon which the honorable Senator has
moved to strike out this item but that he
thinks it is too large. He does not know any
of the facts of the case.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will inquire of the
Senator if he knows of any points at present
where these offices ought to be located?
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly. In the State
of California, one half of which perhaps is
occupied for mining purposes, no part of the
land has ever yet been entered in any land
office. The State has fine land districts. One
is situated at the city of San Francisco ; one at
Stockton, two hundred miles distant; one at
Tulare, two hundred miles distant; another at
Humboldt, on the coast near Oregon, and one
at Marysville—most conveniently located for
the agricultural lands, but for the entry of min-
ing lands not located at all; so that there will
have to be a readjustment and an addition made
to these districts. It is provided for by law; and
no dollar of this money will be used but what
shall become absolutely necessary ; and 110 de-
mand will be made for the establishment of a
district but what the land department shall
deem right and necessary.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Edmunds, Fessenden,
Fogg, Foster, JIcDougall, Morgan, Ross, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Sprague, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Wil-
son—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Couness, Cragin, Davis,
Doolittle, Fowler, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks,
Howo, Morrill, Norton, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Stewart. Sumner, Wade, Willey, and Williams—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony. Brown, Chandler,
Cowan, Creswell, Dixon, Frelinghuysen, Grimes,
Guthrie, Howard. Johnson, Kirkwood, Lane, Nes-
mith, Patterson, Poland, Riddle, and Yates—18.
So the motion to strike out was rejected.
The Secretary read the second section of
the bill, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the unex-
pended balance of the appropriations heretofore made
for defrayinn the expenses of the Legislative Assem-
bly of the Territory of Nebraska, is hereby diverted
and set aside for the purpose of procuring a geologi-
cal survey of Nebraska, said survey to be prosecuted
under the direction of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
that section.
The motion was agreed to.
The Secretary read the third section of the
bill, as follows:
Sec 3. And be it further enacted. That for removing
the wreck of a vessel and the sand bar occasioned
thereby, in the main ship channel of Sandy Hook, in
accordance with the report of General Humphreys,
chief of the United States Engineers, and to be ex-
pended under the direction of the War Department,
$0,000, or so much of said sum as may be necessary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask
the'Senator from New York if he knows any-
thing about that?
Mr. MORGAN. Yes, sir. I understand
there is a vessel sunk there ; and an appropri-
ation is necessary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it had better
be stricken out unless we know something
more about it. I move to strike out the sec-
tion.
The motion was agreed to.
The Secretary read the fourth section of the
bill, as follows:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That to enable the
Secretary of War to carry out the award of the De-
partment in favor of tbe heirs and legal representa-
tives of George Fisher, deceased, for military spolia-
tions by the United States troops during the war with
the Creek Indians, the appropriation contained in
the first section of the original act for the relief of
the claimants, approved April 12, 1848, shall not be
allowed to lapse in consequence of the delay in the
adjustment, but the same is hereby reappropriatcd
and made available: and thattherescinding resolu-
1 tion, approved March 2,1861,suspending the case be,
I and the same is hereby, repealed: Provided, That
! the Secretary of War shall examine the said award
and see that no taint of fraud or mistake in calcula-
tion attaches thereto.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
that section. We cannot ascertain anything
about it.
The motion was agreed to.
The Secretary read the fifth section of the
bill, in these words:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That upon all
merchandise gaugeable by law hereafter exported
upon which drawback orreturn is allowed, and upon
all goods gaugeable by law withdrawn from bonded
warehouses for export, there shall be levied and col-
lected by the collectors of the several ports ten cents
per cask.
The amendment was agreed to.
The sixth section was next read, as follows :
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That tbe gaugera
at the port of New York shall receive, from and
after the 1st day of April, 1867, an annual salary of
[ 82,000: 1'roi:\ded, Th at t he amount of compensation
j: of said officers as hereby established shall not ex-
1 ceed in any fiscal year the amount of fees earned by
them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to inquire of
the Senator from New York if he thinks that
is right? I do not know anything about it.
Mr. MORGAN. It is recommended by the
, Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I make no ob-
jection.
The Secretary read the seventh section of
the bill, as follows :
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the second
section of an act making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government, approved April
j 7,1S68, is hereby so amended as to authorize and re-
! quire the Secretary of the Treasury to pay the eon-
j tractors, Butler & Carpenter, the sum of $20,000 in full
j of all their claims for indemnity therein referred to.
I Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike that
out.
The motion was agreed to.
The Secretary read the eighth section of the
bill, as follows :
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That the surplus
sum of $2,000, now standing on the books of the Treas-
ury to the credit of a fund to enable the joint Com-
mittee on the Library to carry out a contract with
William H. Powell, authorized by a joint resolution
approved March 2,1865, for a picture illustrative of
some naval victory, (said sum being in excess of the
amount required to carry out said contract,) is hereby
transferred to the fund for the purchase of books for
the Library of Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. That is a good appropria-
tion.
The Secretary read the ninth section, as
follows:
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That when the
entire compensation of any marshal of a district
court of the United State?, as reported to the Secre-
tary of the Iutenor, in accordance with the third
section of the act entitled "An act to regulate the
fees and costs to be allowed clerks, marshals, and
attorneys of the circuit and district courts of the
United States, and for other purposes," approved
February 26, 1863, shall be less than the sum of $2,000
per annum, including all fees and emoluments re-
ceived for services rendered by deputy, the differ-
ence, to be ascertained and allowed by the proper
accounting officer of the Treasury, shall be paid to
him therefrom: that the criers and bailiffs of the
courts of the United States, appointed in pursuance
of the act above referred to, shall, in lieu of all other
compensation, be allowed the sum of three dollars
Eer day, to be paid by the marshal and included in
is accounts, the compensation to be given only for
actual attendance; and when both the circuit and
district courts of the United States are in session at
one time, to be paid only for attendance upon one
court: Pi'ovided, That in lieu of all other compen-
sation allowed to the criers and bailiffs of the circuit
and district courts of the United States held in the
cities of Boston. New York, Philadelphia. Baltimore,
Chicago, New Orleans, and San Francisco, they shall
oach be allowed and paid for their services the sum
of $940 per annum, to be p<ud by and included in the
accounts of tho marshal of such district out of any
money of the United States in his hands; the com-
pensation provided by this act to commcnce with the
