1867:
wmkmm
t'mmz
sffiL m^om.
m
i
■when he left this Chamber in thespringof' 1861
on his journey homeland met with .the idifiicul-
ties and been surrounded by.the dangers which
threatened even his liferevetihe might have
quailed. The President dicTnof. After hurling
his anathemas in. languagewhich struck the pat-
riotic heart of the counted with delight against
the men who weee plotting treason in this Cham-
ber, just as they were about- to leave for"their
respective States in order to consummate the
treason, he went through -the dangers of his
travel home, reached that home, and there,
surrounded by men who sympathized with the
South, and, whether with good or bad reasons,
hated the North, was charged with treason to
his section and was in imminent peril. He
kept on in the even course of his way; he was
latriotfc to the last, defied the men around
im, predicted what the result of the contest
would be in which they had involved the nation,
and emerging out of it he was selected by the
political friends of the member from Massa-
chusetts for the second office in the gift of the
people, and he was elected. What has he done
since ? He has done two things: lie has, first,
sought to reorganize the States that seceded
precisely in the same manner, upon the same
terms, as his predecessor was seeking to reor-
ganize them; he has,1 secondly, consistent him-
self with the principles - upon which he was
elected by the people to the office, desired to
have brought into the Union the States that
once were in rebellion, as his predecessor did,
and he is met with opposition here and in the
other branch of Congress.
What was he to do ? What would any man
have done in his place -who was honest in that
conviction; and we have no right to doubt his
honesty. He would have used the power of
appointment; and almost any oth^r man than
himself would have used it to a much greater
extent than lie has done. What else has he
done ? In the exercise of a right in words
conferred upon him he has refused to give his
assent to several bills passed by Congress; he
had a right to do it. To deprive him of the
exercise of his judgment upon bills which Con-
gress may pass from time to time is to take
from him the very power which the Constitu-
tion confers. There is no treason in his doing
that. In some cases his veto has been effect-
ive ; in other cases it has been overruled. Has
he not submitted ? Who can with truth allege
that he has failed to give an honest support to
the acts of Congress which have been passed
in opposition to his veto? I think no one can,
and I do not know that any one has attempted
to do it. The Constitution providing that if
upon reconsideration the two Houses of Con-
gress give votes which make a bill a law in
spite of the veto, he has submitted to it as &
law as a good citizen.
Whether in speaking before the people he
has sinned against good taste, whether he has
been provoked by political enemies who them-
selves or through their instruments have en-
deavored to. provoke him to say things which
a President of the United States should not
have said, is one question ; but he will be false
to the history of the man? s life, above all false
to the history of that part of his life which has
been passed since the rebellion commenced
and in anticipation of the rebellion, who will
charge him with not being true to his duty to
the country according to his understanding of
it. Unfortunately some would have us believe,
but I believe in the end fortunately for himself
upon the true policy in reference to the States
that have been in rebellion, he differs from
those who were instrumental in placing him
in power; he does not differ from his imme-
diate predecessor. Is he to be condemned for
that? Beared in the humblest walks of life,
having a trade as contradistinguished from a
"profession, not calculated, one would suppose,
to educate him for the Presidency of the United
States, the highest office, as I think, in the
gift of the world, he has in every period of his
career, from the time he first entered into pub-
lic life to the present hour, never been charged
with being faithless to his country until he hap-
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 35.
peaed to;differ,.not withliis immediate pre.de-
cessor, but IfSppened to differ from what the
party who elected him thought ought to bethe
policy of the Government as administered bp
the Executive. He is about to retire to pri-
vate life; and when his history shall be writ-
ten, as written it will be after the passions of
the hour have subsided and reason shall have
resumed its sway, the biographer and the his-
torian will say that no President of the United
State3 ever labored more zealously to cure
the wounds which the rebellion had "inflicted
upon us, or had a more earnest desire/to place
the Government of the United States upon a
footing which would enable it to stand during
all timethe honorand admiration of the world,
as not only sufficient to work for us a national
renown but that greater virtue .of securing to
every individual citizen the rights which the
Constitution and nature and nature's -God
conferred upon him.
Sir, I am no party friend of the President
of the United States in the strict sense of that
term. He has done things which I disapprove,
and I have no doubt he will do so in the future;
but that he has ever erred consciously, that he
has ever usurped power knowingly, that he lias
ever entertained a thought inimical to the true
interest or honor of the country, I have never
been as yet able to believe, and I have no rea-
son to suppose I shall ever be made to believe.
He has fallen in the estimation of his party,
not upon any ground assumed by the party at
the time he was elected ; not upon any ground
of policy pursued by his immediate predecessor,
who died amid the lamentations of the whole
country and almost of the world: but because
a new state of things has arisen since in which
he differs from .the men by whom he was ele-
vated to power. In my judgment, exercising
the privilege which every Senator on this floor
has and every American citizen has of having
a judgment upon all the political questions of
the day, I. think that so far from sinning in the
course which he has adopted, he would with
the opinions which have governed him through
his life have sinned if he had adopted a different
course. What he has done has obviously been
done with a view to bring about a complete
restoration of the Union, to have all the States
together as they were when Washington pre-
sided over its destinies in the executive chair.
He may be mistaken—personally I think he is
not, but that is a matter of little or no moment;
that is a matter of individual judgment—he
may be mistake* in the policy which he has
adopted; but as I believe in my existence there
is co man living within the broad limits of the
United States who will more rejoice than the
present incumbent of the presidential chair
when peace and harmony shall have been re-
stored and we shall again be as we were before,
brothers in everything.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, the Senator
from Massachusetts has thought fit to animad-
vert upon the President of the United States,
I must confess in rather strong terms. I do not
rise for the purpose of supporting that arraign-
ment or for the purpose of defending the Pres-
ident against it. Upon that subject 1 have only
one or two remarks to make. The first ft that
what he said was either in order or it was oat
of order. If that'question had been raised it
would have been determined by the Chair, sub-
ject to no revision whatever except that of the
Senate. That question was not raised, and there
is but one question now to raise upon those
remarks, and that is they were either just or
unjust. Upon that question I suppose the Sen-
ator is responsible to his constituents and to the
country. Upon that question the Senator from
Maryland and every other Senator has an un-
doubted right to be heard here or elsewhere.
The Senator from Maryland evidently thinks
those remarks were unjust. He was quite at
liberty, as I think, to assert and maintain that
proposition; but it did strike me that the Sen-
ator from Maryland, in hisgeal, if I may so say,
to defend the Presifteut of the United States,
has undertaken in advance to attack the char-
acter of the high-court <*f impeachment, and he
has done that in theface of his own reminder
^possible, it is one of the
events which the future has possibly in store
to us that it is barely
ace made
for us, that the President himself may, be ar-
raigned before this court of impeachment ft®
trial. The Senator says that the President or
any other party who may he arraigned before
that court is entitled to a candid, to an ijapartial,
to an unbiased tribunal; that every mind ts>nt 
ing to the consideration of that trial sh
white .pap«r on which no impressions ai>e: i
whatever j end he argues that because <jf the
opinions which the Senator from Massachusetts
has advanced here he would hempen toehalienge.
Sir, if it should happen that the President
of the United States should be presented be-
fore this court upon the address of the House
of Representatives, I suppose the Senator from
Maryland, in common with the whole country,
would desire that this court should hold thai
position in the public confidence which would
entitle its verdict, when its verdict s&Quld be
pronounced, to the respect of the country; and
I therefore wish to remind the Senator and the
Senate that this Senate is and must -be the
court to try that impeachment if it should
come, for the Constitution expressly declares
that the Senate shall have the sole power to
try all impeachments; there can be no other
tribunal than the Senate. And it is also to he
remembered that the Senate is by the express
command of the Constitution to be composed
of two Senators from each State, and it is to
be remembered that Massachusetts is a State,
and it is to be remembered that the Senator
from that State who has just addressed the
Senate is one of those Senators representing
that State; so that whatever may be his opin-
ions he must of necessity be a member of the
court to try that impeachment.
The Senator from Maryland seems to think
it of the utmost importance that each Senator
should be unbiased. If it be so, I suppose he
should not only not have any opinions un-
friendly to the President but he should not
have any friendly to him. The Senator from
Massachusetts has advanced the idea that the
President has become an enemy to his country.
The Senator from Maryland says that that is
a high crime, and if he be guilty of it he ought
to be impeached, and upon that question the
Senator from Massachusetts ought not to act
because he has already formed an opinion.
Mr. President, J suppose there is no member
of the Senate but what has an opinion on that
question one way or another. I think it will
be the judgment of the Senate, in view of the
debate which has already been listened to, that
the Senator from Massachusetts does not seem
to be any more firmly impressed with the idea
that the President is the enemy of his country
than the Senator from Maryland seems pos-
sessed with the contrary opinion. _ It does not
disqualify a Senator from acting in this court
that he has an opinion on one side of the
question unless it disqualifies a Senator who
has an opinion on the other side. An opinion
of one kind, it seems to me, disqualifies one as
much as an opinion of the other kind. And
I suppose there is, as I said before, no member
of the Senate but has an opinion on that very
question one way or the other. It may be
that every one of these opinions is not so obsti-
nate but that it can be controlled by testimony.
That may be the case with the opinion advanced
here by the Senator from Maryland, and wo
have no authority for saying that it is not the
ease also with the opinion advanced by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
But I suppose that not only to be the condi-
tion of the sentiment in this^ Senate touching
the present President of the United States, but
I suppose we never had a President who was
not in communication with a Senate divided
upon just that question, some thinking he was
an enemy of the country and others thinking
that he was not; and I respectfully submit,
therefore, that the Senator from Massachusetts
will be competent to try an impeachment if it
should be sent here .against the President as I
' conceive the Senator from Maryland would be
