546
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
competent to try that question in spite of the
opinions which he has pronounced here.
Mr. LANE. If it is not considered oat of
order I will take a very few moments to at-
tempt to direct the attention of the Senate to
the question before the body. [Laughter.] I
slial 1 not undertake to anticipate a state of
things where the President of the United States
shall be regularly impeached by the lower
House and where the members of this grave
body shall be' his'triers. I know not what the
result of such an investigation may be, but I
hope wfe shall all be prepared to decide that
question upon its merits whenever, if at all, it
« all be presented. But I desire now to enter
my protest against this doctrine that the free-
dom of debate in the Senate of the United
States shall be or can be curtailed. I know
by the parliamentary law that it is out of order
to speak disrespectfully of a coordinate branch
of the Government. The meaning of it is that
when it is not necessary for the purposes of the
debate that we shall travel out of the record to
denounce improperly a coordinate branch of
the Government it is out of order to do so.
But here is a bill proposing to restrict the
power of removal of the President, based upon
the supposition that there has been an abuse, a
shameful abuse of the power of removal and
appointment. That is precisely the subject-
matter before the Senate; and every Senator,
under his responsibility to his constituents, his
conscience, and his God, may characterize the
conduct of the President in such language pre-
cisely as he believes to be fit and proper, hav-
ing no other possible restraint in the law or in
the Constitution.
We are called upon to act on the subject of
the abuse of the executive patronage. That
is the subject now before the Senate. If it be
not so, the whole object of the bill is aimless
and purposeless. And if we are to be tied
here, if a padlock is to be placed upon our
mouths here, we have a despotism instead of
a Republic, and this high body, the grand
inquest of the nation, has no right to charac-
terize tyranny and usurpation as they should
be characterized! We may not travel beyond
the verge and scope of proper debate to de-
nounce a coordinate branch of the Govern-
ment ; but when it comes legitimately within
the proper discharg« of our duties we may, we
must, we are recreant if we do not, use fitting
terms to characterize what we consider an
abuse of the appointing power.
Now, Mr. President, what is contemplated
by this bill? Simply to restrain and restrict
the unlimited power of removal now claimed
by the President of the United States. This
has always been a doubtful question. It was
raised in the First Congress of the United States
and decided in the Senate only by the casting
vote of John Adams, the then Vice President.
From that time to this the power has been
doubted by distinguished lawyers. The power
has been supported also, I admit, by distin-
guished lawyers; and perhaps the Supreme
Court alone can determine who is right and
who is wrong as to the construction of the Con-
stitution on this point. But this bill steers clear
of all possible constitutional objections. There
are certain officers known to and recognized
by the Constitution, whose duties are defined
by the Constitution, whose necessary qualifi-
cations for office are defined, whose tenure of
office is defined. Congress has no right to fix
additional conditions or qualifications or a
different tenure of office for these constitu-
tional officers ; but every other officer in the
civil or military administration is suhjeot to
the jurisdiction of Congress, and they have a
perfect right to fix the tenure of office, the
mode of appointment, the duration of the term,
and the compensation. This bill does not pro-
pose to touch a single constitutional officer, but
simply to provide a different tenure of office for
those officers provided for by law and whose
only existence is under the statute law. You
have breathed the breath oflife into their bod-
ies. The Constitution never called them to be
and to exist. It is your action and yours alone
under which they exist, and the Congress alone
can fix the tenure of their offices.
This bill by its first section provides that
certain officers; excepting the Cabinet of the
President, shall hold their office for a certain
time and until their successors shall have been
confirmed by a vote of the Senate. That is
substantially the first section of this bill. We
might, if we chose, apply this principle to the
Cabinet officers of the President 'of the United
States. I know heretofore the doctrine has
been held that Cabinet officers stood in a rela-
tion to the President so confidential that he
alone should be consulted in their choice; and
except perhaps in two instances no Cabinet
officer has been rejected by the Senate ; but
if we choose we may fix the tenure of their
offices. We have as much power over them
as we have over an inferior clerk. They are
only head clerks of the President, echoing his
wishes and will; and the moment their action
becomes objectionable to him they are re-
moved. Such is the theory of our Govern-
ment, and such is the practice that has always
prevailed. I do not know that it would be
expedient now to embrace the Cabinet officers
in this bill; but I am willing to go even to that
extent. I think, however, they may be prop-
erly left out of this bill as proposed by the
Senator from Vermont, and let the President
have the absolute power of appointment and
the absolute power of removal in reference to
them, and I do not care how soon he begins
to exercise that power of removal.
What furthermore is contemplated by this
bill? That where an officer during the recess
of Congress shall be shown to be incompetent
or unfaithful the President shall have a right
to suspend him from office, and the duties
shall then be discharged by the person em-
powered by law to perform those duties in case
of a vacancy, and that the President shall
report that suspension, with his reasons for it,
to the Senate of the United States at their next
session. I see nothing wrong in that. The
law in most instances already designates the
proper person to discharge the duties when
the incumbent shall be incompetent from
absence or any other cause. I see nothing
wrong in giving the President power to sus-
pend for good cause and allowing the func-
tions to be discharged by the persons defined
in law in other cases, or even to allowing a
new appointment of a temporary character in
such a case.
Then comes the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, more wide-sweeping in
its scope than any provision contemplated by
the bill; and that is that all officers whose
annual compensation is more than a thousand
dollars shall be appointed by the President
subject to the approval or satisfaction of the
Senate. That applies, I understand, to all
officers who are not properly constitutional
officers; those I suppose we may not touch.
Excluding the Supreme Court, the President,
and Vice President, and according to the pro-
visions of this bill the Cabinet officers, all
others shall be subject to confirmation by the
Senate of the United States. When thisprop-
sitionwas moved a few days ago upon a pension
bill which I had the honor to introduce, I
opposed it as an amendment to that bill; but
I now support it. From my heart of hearts
I support it as a proposition to be attached to
this bill, to which it is properly germane. I
would make all these officers subject to confirm-
ation by the Senate of the United States.
We must lodge discretion somewhere, either
with the Executive or with the Senate. In the
light of passing events I prefer to trust the
Senate. I have confidence in the Senate.
But. gentlemen here upon this floor echo the
objection of the President in his recent veto
message, that danger to public liberty comes
from popular representation. Sir, if you will
read the history, ancient and modern, of the
Old World, you will find that popular liberty
has been in no single instance stricken down
by popular representation. Look to the revolu-
tion in England, look to the tcrnible French
Revolution, look to the Greek republics, and
to the republics of the middle ages, ana you
will find that it was the tyrants, the dictators,
the self-constituted usurpers of authority who.
overthrew public liberty. I deny that the great
danger in our institutions results from popular
representation. If that be true, all history is a
lie; if that be true, your Government is a fraud
and a cheat and the people are not capable of
self-government. But that argument is used by
the President and repeated here. There is no
danger from popular representation. Under
our theory of government the only danger is
that the popular voice may not be heard, and
constitutionally heard.
I would not strip the President of the United
States of a single one of his constitutional pow-
ers. But, sir, what aye the two powers now
threatening the liberties of the people? They
are the veto power and the indiscriminate use
of the power of removals from and appoint-
ments to office. The people, thank God, have
disposed of the argument arising out of the
veto power, and we have now a two-thirds
majority in each House of Congress. The
loyal voice of this country is heard. By the
echo of the previous decision of the people
the veto power is no longer regarded, although
such is the frequency of its exercise that it has
wrought a secret and almost silent revolution
in the country, so that now when we look to
measures of legislation we do not inquire as to
majorities, but whether we can secure a two-
thirds vote and overrule the action of the
President.
So much, then, for the argument attempted
to be drawn from the assumption, as I con-
ceive wholly unsupported in history, that the
danger to public liberty results, not from the
power exercised by the king or the emperor
or the despot or the President, but results from
the tyranny of the majority. Sir, if you will
cause to pass before you in procession the
grand nations of ancient and modern times, if
you will open the mausoleum where reposes the
history of the past and the dead of ages, you
will find that popular representation has never
threatened popular liberty in any country upon
earth.
Gentlemen tell us, Jiowever, that there is
no evil here to be remedied, and consequently
no necessity for a new law on this subject.
Gentlemen tell us that the removals have been
few and far between, and that the President
in the main has selected men for office who
voted for himself and Mr. Lincoln in 1864. I
know not how it may be in other sections; but
in my own State I do know that two collectors
of internal revenue have been appointed by
Mr. Johnson who were among the most able
and efficient supporters of McOlellan and Pen-
dleton during the controversy of 186-1. I know
of those two instances; there may be hundreds
of others, and perhaps there are; but the argu-
ment is that he has not always appointed Dem-
ocrats to office, that he has sometimes, carry-
ing out the sentiment of one of his Cabinet
ministers, appointed men to eat his bread and
butter who were ready to sell their principles
for the sake of office. I regard that as more
demoralizing in its character and tendency
than the appointment of honest and upright
Democrats.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to say a few
words in reference to this question, so that I
may be properly understood at home. Wre are
told upon this floor that out of four million
votes oast at the last elections eighteen hundred
thousand were for the President's policy ; and
out of a vote of four millions there was a pop-
ular majority of only four hundred thousand
in favor of the congressional policy; and tbat
the eighteen hundred thousand who supported
the policy of the President are a large minority
who have a right to share in the patronage of
the General Government.
Sir, our Government proceeds upon the the-
ory of majorities. The majority have a right
to rule. Heretofore when an Administration
j has come into power, as in the case of Mr.
' Lincoln, where the President has been in ae-
