1310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1044) for the relief
of John .Gray, a revolutionary soldier. The
bill directs the Commissioner of Pensions to
place the name of John Gray, of Noble county,
Ohio, upon the pension-roll, and that there be
paid to him-the sum of $500 per annum during
his natural life, payable semi-annually, com-
mencing on the 1st of July,-1860.
Mr. LANE. That bill as it passed the
House was wrongWlly drawn. 1 move to
amend it by striking out the words " Commis-
sioner of Pensions" and inserting "Secretary
of the Interior," so as to make it conform to
our legislation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in, and ordered to be engrossed, and the bill
to be read a third time. The bill was read
the third time, and passed.
danikl frederick bakeman.
On motion of Mr. LANE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider bill (H. R. No. 10-15) for the relief of
Daniel Frederick Bakeman, a revolutionary
soldier.
The Commissioner of Pensions is directed by
the bill to place the name of Daniel Frederick
Bakeman, of Sandusky, New York, upon the
pension-roll, and there is to be paid to him the
sum of $500 per annum during his natural life,
payable semi-annually,- commencing on the 1st
of July, 18()(S.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The same amendment
should bo in this bill as in the last, by striking
out the words "Commissioner of Pensions"
and inserting '' Secretary of the Interior."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to (lie Senate as
amended, and tile amendment was cuncuricd
in, and ordered to be engrossed, and the bill
to be toad a third time. The bill was read the
third time, and passed.
john carter.
On motion of Mr. LANK, the bill (S. No.
55-t) granting a pension to John Carter was
read the second time and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place the name of
John Carter, late a private in company IF,
fifth regiment United Slates infantry, on the
pension-roll, at the rate of fifteen dollars per
month, to continue dining his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
charles n. weiss.
On motion of Mr. IjANK, the hill (S. No.
580) granting a pension to Charles N. Weiss,
was read a second time and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. The hill directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Charles N. Weiss, of the District of Columbia,
on the pension-roll, at the rate of fifteen
dollars per month, to continue during his
natural lilb.
Mr. LANK. That presents rather a peculiar
case, highly creditable to this young man ; and
as the report is very short I will ask that it be
read.
The Secretary read the following report,,
submitted by Mr. Lake, from the Committee
on Pensions, on the 9th instant: , 
Tlic Committee on Pensions to whom was referred
the petition of Charles N. Weiss, having had the
same under consideration, submit the following re-
port :
At.the commencement of tlio late rebellion the
petitioner, earnestly desiring to aid the Government
in preserving its existence and sustaining its author-
ity. was debarred by law from enlisting as a soldier
because ot ins extreme youth, he being then in the
lourteenth year of his age. In pursuance of his pur-
pose to identify himself with the cause of tho coun-
try he attached himself as an acting orderly to
Colonel Blair,commanding the twenty-lirst regiment
Pennsylvania volunteeis. At the expiration of thoir
term of sei vice ho acted in the same capacity for Col-
onel Miller, of the eighty-first Pennsylvania volun-
teers, who tell at the battle of h'nii o.iki. He after-
ward attached himself to Colonel Hewall, of the
staff of Major General 0. 0. Howard, with whom he
remained until June, IStB, when he became the act-
ing orderly of Colonel Ballocli, also of General How-
ard's stafij in which capacity he served at the battle
of Gettysburg, where he lost his left arm by a shell
from tho enemy while nobly doing his duty during
that terrible battle: that after the lapse of four
months ho again entered the field with Colonel Bal-
loeh, and was present with him at the battles of
Chattanooga and Lookout mountain, and accompa-
nicd General Sherman in his "inarch to the sea."
All of the foregoing facts are fully substantiated by
the statements of Major General 0. 0. Howard, Bre-
vet Brigadier General Balloch, Brigadier General C.
II. Howard, Colonel Miles, United States Army, and
others.
Your committee are of the opinion that no case
more meritorious has ever come before them, and
they report the accompanying bill for-his relief, and
recommend its passage.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed,
olivia w. cannon.
On motion of Mr. LANE, the bill (S. No.
581) granting a pension, to Olivia W. Cannon,
was read a second time and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary of the Interior is directd by
the bill to place the name of Olivia W. Can-
non, widow of Joseph S. Cannon, late a mid-
shipman in the United States Navy, upon the
pension-roll, at the rate of ten dollars per
month, to commence upon the presentation of
satisfactory proof of identity and widowhood,
and to continue during her widowhood; and to
be paid out of the naval pension fund.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us hear tho report read.
The Secretary read the following report, sub-
mitted by Mr. Lane, from the Committee on
Pensions, on the 9th instant:
The Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the petition of Olivia W. Cannon, having had the
same under consideration, report:
Tho petitioner claims to bo tho widow of tho late
Joseph 8. Cannon, of tho United States Navy, who
was pensioned by aspecial act of Congress, and upon
his deal h it was eon tin nod to her for fivo years more:
hut, the tivo years having elapsed she now prays for
tho special action ot Congress-in her behalf. Tho
committee havo no facts in the case except what are
contained in tho petition. They therefore report a
bill aut homing tho .Secretary of tho Interior to place
her name again nnon tho pension-roll, to continue
during her widowhood.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Arc you satisfied that
the facts contained in the petition are true?
Mr. LANE. In this case tho facts are stated
in tho petition and arc verified by an act of
Congress passed some forty years ago, grant-
ing a pension to this Lieutenant Cannon and
voting him a sword and tho thanks of Congress
and of the nation for his gallant conduct. At
his death his pension was given to his widow
for five years. The five years had expired,
and this bill simply gives it to her during her
natural life or widowhood.
Mr. UR1MES. When was the last act on
the subject passed?
Mr. LAN li. Tho pension act I think, grant-
ing her an extension of five years was in 1857.
This is a very meritorious case. Wo went
back and looked into tho laws and found an
act placing her on tho pension-roll, and an act
passed giving him a sword and a vote of thanks
of Congress for his gallant conduct. There is
no doubt of the identity at all. Both the Sen-
ators from Delaware pledge themselves from
personal knowledge of the identity of this lady.
She is very old now, and we think it a proper
case to continue the pension. If she had been
placed on the pension-roll under the general
law it would have been continued to her; but
she was placed on the pension-roll under a
special law giving her a pension for live years,
and of course it expired.
Mr. JOHNSON. In what battle- was lie
engaged ?
Mr. LANE. On Lake Champlain.
Mr. GRIMES. I remember this ease having
been before the Committee on Pensions when
1 was a member of it, and it was not favorably
considered at that time. I do not remember
the particulars of the case. I suggest to the
Senator to let it pass over.
Mr. LANE. If I thought we could get it up
again I should be perfectly willing to pass it
over, but I doubt very much whether it can be
passed this session if it is not passed to-night.
When I leave here, in a few days more, I doubt
whether anybody else will be as liberal to pen-
sioners as 1 am.
Mh JOHNSON. She ia very old, is she
not?
Mr. LANE.. She is a very old lady, over
seventy years of age. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Iowa 'and the Senate that this pen-
sion is to be paid out of the naval pension
fund, which is a large fund, some eight or nine
millions. When the case was first presented
to the committee we did not act upon it until
we went back and found a vote of thanks of
Congress and a sword given to Mr. Cannon,
and a special act placing this lady on the pen-
sion-roll, and we had no doubt she ought to
have a pension. I hope the Senate will consent
to let the bill pass.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed,
caroline m'ueh.
On motion of Mr. LANE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 556) for the relief of Caroline
McGee, of Greene county, Tennessee, widow
of Lemuel McGee, deceased. It directs the
Secretary of tho Interior to place the name of
Mrs. Caroline McGee, of the county of Greene,
Tennessee, on the pension-roll at the rate of
eight dollars per month, to commence on the
27th of November, 1804, and to continue dur-
ing her widowhood, upon satisfactory proof
that she was and is the widow of Lemuel
McGee, late of Tennessee, who died while
imprisoned at Belle Island or Richmond,
Virginia, during the late rebellion.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
mrs. jerusha page.
On motion of Mr. LANE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the hill (S. No. 535) for the benefit of
Mrs. Jerusha Page. It proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Mrs. Jerusha Page, of the Slate of Missouri,
widow of the late Thomas C. Page, deceased,
on tho pension-roll, at the rate of eight dollars
per month, to continue during her widowhood.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is that for?
Mr. LANE. There is a report accompany-
ing the bill, which can be read if anybody has
any doubt about it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will take your state-
ment. What is it?
Mr. LANE. This Mr. Page was called a
captain. That was a neighborhood title. lie
never was a captain ; but was a private soldier,
and was employed as a spy in Missouri, and
was killed, and his widow claims a pension on
the ground of tho death of her husband. She
claimed a pension of twenty dollars a month,
the pension of a captain ; but wo could not find
any proof that he had ever been a captain, but
plenty of proof that he was a private soldier,
and we have reported a bill giving' her eight
dollars instead of twenty dollars a month.
He was employed out there by Colonel Cald-
well, of Iowa, who swears to his services.
Mr. JOHNSON. During the lato war?
Mr. LANE. Yes; during the rebellion.
Colonel Caldwell swears that he employed
him, and that ho did effective service, and was
killed.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am satisfied.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
mary a. smith.
On motion of Mr. LANE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 5-58) for the relief of Mary
A. Smith, of Johnson county, Tennessee, widow
of Alexander D. Smith, deceased. The bill, as
originally introduced by Mr. Patterson, pro-
posed to instruct the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Mary A. Smith, of John-
son county, Tennessee, on the pension-rolls,
