1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.1
cord with Kis party, he has distributed the offices
to his party friends. That' system was intro-
duced by General Jackson* as -I believe, under
the counsel—at least ifwas so stated—of Mr.
Van Buren; and from thattime to the present
it has always been considered that upon the
incomingof a new Administration there should
be a change of officers, go to make them gen-
erally in accord with the Administration.
In 1860 Mr. Lincoln was elected President,
and when he catne into power in 1861 there
was an extensive removal from office, but I
believe not so extensive as there should have
been; but he was in accord with his party,
that party representing a constitutional major-
ity of the people of the United States. Mr.
Johnson, the present acting President of the
United States, elected Vice President in 1864
upon the same ticket with Mr. Lincoln, comes
into office and finds Mr. Lincoln's appointees
in place, and he, for mere political and partisan
purposes commences a general removal from
office. Now, the question is who represents
the majority of the people of the U nited States—
the grand national Union Republican party
which has sustained the country through five
years of terrible war. Who represents that
party, the President of the United States, or
the Congress of the United States? To wham
do the public offices belong, to the President or
to the people? If they belong to the people,
the people come only to be heard through the
voice of their representatives in Congress.
Do they belong to the President? If so, the
grand battles and triumphs of the Revolution
were fought in vain, for then we have a despot-
ism more onerous and terrible than any despot-
ism which has ground down the eastern nations.
Bnt gentlemen say they should have a part
of these offices. Who cast the eighteen hun-
dred thousand votes that sustained the Presi-
dent at the last elections and who sustain him
to-day ? The Democratic party, who brought
On this war, who are chargeable for every grave
which furrows the battle-fields of the South;
who are chargeable forthe terrible convulsions
which have shaken the country and threatened
free government and free institutions upon the
continent. They gave these eighteen hundred
thousand votes, and they claim now to partici-
pate in the patronage of the Government.
Who, furthermore, support "my policy?"
Who stand beside the President to-day? Not
only the Democratic party of the North, who in
the Chicago convention resolved that the war for
the Union thus far had been a failure, but the
ten States in rebellion. They now support and
sustain the policy of the President of the Uni-
ted States. I ask you, Mr. President, to look
at the emergency now upon us, at the grand
crisis through which we are now passing, in
the terrible and lurid light of five years' civil
war; look at it in the history of Libby prison
and Salisbury and Andersonville, ana you
must recognize your right not only to protect
loyal men here but loyal men everywhere.
Mr. President, I regret that I have injured a
very fine voice in denouncing the outrages of
the Democratic party for the last twenty years f
and I am sorry that the state of my lungs is
such that I cannot proceed either with satis-
faction to myself or satisfaction to the Senate.
I have only to repeat that I shall give my vote
for this bill in its widest and most extensive
scope, not for the purpose of striking down
any proper constitutional power of the Presi-
dent, but with the firm determination to stand
upon and assert every constitutional power of
the Senate. There I stand and shall stand as
long as I have the honor to be a member of
this high body.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harris
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Massachu-
setts to the amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the rote is taken I
will amend my amendment, as it is within my
power to do so, by striking out " $1,000" and
substituting " $1,600."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
has a right to modify his amendment, and it
will be so modified.
Mr. SUMNER. I have made that change
in deference to Senators about me, and espe-
cially yielding to the earnest argument of the
Senator from Vermont, who was very much
disturbed by the idea that the Senate would
have to act upon inspectors. My experience
in this body teaches me not to be disturbed at
anything. I am willing to act on an inspector
or a night-watchman ; and if I could I would
throw over him the shield of the Senate against
the tyranny of the Executive. The Senator
from Vermont would leave him a prey to that
tyranny, so far as I can understand, for no
other reason than because he is an inspector,
an office of inferior dignity ; and because also
if we embrace all inspectors we shall have too
much work to do. Sir, we are sent to the
Senate to do work, and especially to surround
the citizen with all possible safeguards. The
duty of the hour is now as I have declared.
It ought not to be postponed. Every day that
it is postponed is to my mind a sacrifice of
duty. Let us not, thenj be deterred even by
the humility of these officers or by their num-
ber; but whether humble or numerous let us
embrace them within the protecting arms of
the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Only a single remark,
sir. I do not think that in order to save these
inspectors from what my friend seems to con-
sider the dangerous clutches of the President
we ought to neglect all the rest of the people
of the country in protecting them by appro-
priate legislation. The Senator has now mod-
ified his amendment to make the limit $1,500;
and the effect of that, without going into it
any further than to point out one single effect,
will be to take away from the confirmation of
the Senate hundreds of deputy postmasters, as
they are called, who are now required to be
confirmed by the Senate, because according to
the existing law where the salary of a deputy
postmaster is $1,000 a year we have to act
upon his nomination. The consequence will
be that the Senator by this change will lose
almost as many offices from the control of the
Senate as he will get into it. He will throw
the postmasters into the dangerous clutches
of the Postmaster General, and will save a few
inspectors. I hope that every friend of the
real purpose of this bill will vote against the
amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Let me reply precisely to
the Senator. He says that the proposition I
have now made would throw certain post-
masters within what ho calls the clutches of
the President. The language he employs is
apt—within the clutches of the President. But
he is mistaken; let him read the amendment
and he will see that it is open to no such inter-
pretation. My amendment is only applicable
to those agents and officers who are now ap-
pointed by the President or by the head of a
Department without the advice and consent of
the Senate. All postmasters with §1,500 salary
are now appointed by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, Mr. President, but
the law under which those appointments are
made, as it now stands, is that all postmasters
with a salary of $1,000 or npward shall be
appointed by the President by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate. It is pro-
posed to change the law by making the point
of confirmation $1,500, and that of course
will throw out all who receive less.
Mr. SUMNER. The point to which the
Senator refers is made applicable only to offi-
cers now appointed by the President or the
head of a Department without the advice and
consent of the Senate. If $1,500 postmasters
are in that category, then I admit that they
fall within my amendment; but if they are not
within that category then they do not fall within
my amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts if he will accept an amendment
which proposes to submit all of these officers
to the confirmation of the Senate? As I un-
derstand the proposition now it is that all
officers appointed by the President whose sal-
ary amounts to $1,500 shall be submitted to the
Senate for confirmation, and those appointed
by the heads of Departments not.
Mr. SUMNER. No; the Senator does not
read the amendment aright. It is that all
agents or officers appointed bythe President
or bythe head of a Department whose, salary
or emoluments, whether from fees or other-
wise, amount to $1,500 per annum, shall be
appointed hereafter by the President by sad
with the advice and consent of the Senate, and
only in that way.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not know but that the
amendment is susceptible of that construction,
but I think it is not quite as clear as the Sena-
tor's statement. If, however, that is the view
of it, I of course make no further suggestion.
Mr. S UMNEE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. NORTON. I wish to state that I hare
paired off on this question with the Senator
from Tennessee, [Mr. Fowler.] If he were
f resent he would vote for the amendment and
against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 21 ; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Conness, Grimes,
Harris, Howard, Howe.Lane, Morgan, Morrill, Ilam-
sey. Sprague, Sumner, Wade, Wilson, and Yates—:16.
NAYS—itcssrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cowan. Cra-
srin. Dixon. Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fogg,
Foster, Hendricks, Johnson. Nesmith, Patterson,
Poland, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sherman, Van Winkle,
Willey. and Williams—2l.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Creswell, Davis, Fowler,
Freiinf?huysen, Gutbrie. Henderson, Kirkwood, Mc-
Dougall, Norton, Xye, Pomeroy, Ross, Stewart, and
Trumbull—15.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HOWE. I desire now to renew the
amendment which I submitted while this bill
was in Committee of the Whole, to strike out
the words included within parenthesis in the
third, fourth, and fifth lines of the first section,
as follows:
Excepting the Secretaries of State, of the Treas-
ury, ot War. of the Navy, and of the Interior, the
Postmaster General, and the Attorney General.
I tried the other day when this same ques-
tion was before the Senate to submit my
reasons for urging the amendment. I was
conscious at the time that I made a very in-
adequate presentation of them; but I finely the
whole argument in a morning paper, and it is
so complete and I find myself so utterly unable
to answer it and so confident that no one else
can answer it that I desire to produce it. It
is a quotation in the paper from which I read,
from the New York Herald :
14 It is rumored this evening, in reference to Sen-
ator Cowan's appointment as minister to Austria,
that an important position in the Cabinet, whichjt
is confidently asserted has been tendered him, will
influence in a great measure his decision in accepting
or rejecting the appointment to a foreign mission.
The portfolio of the Secretary of War is among the
considerations which will induce him to remain."
No one has denied that our authority over
this question of removing a Secretary of State
is just as ample as it is over the removal of
any other officer. If my amendment be adopted,
then this portfolio will not operate at all to
dissuade the gentleman alluded to in this par-
agraph from going to Austria. If my amend-
ment is adopted, this portfolio will not, I take
it, be given to the gentleman alluded to in this
paragraph. Those who think that that change
ought to be made I suppose will vote against
this amendment. Having a very high opinion
of the gentleman alluded to myself, so far as
his personal character is concerned, I am com-
pelled to say that I do not think that would be
a good change to make for the interest of this
country, and therefore I shall vote for the
amendment, and I ask for the veas and nays
upon it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The wason assigned
by the honorable Senator from Wisconsin cer-
tainly is a very unanswerable one indeed 1 What
is it? A rumor. Where does it come from,
who is responsible for it, and upon what au-
thority is it based? A passage taken from a
daily paper, that the portfolio of War majr be
