, C-01GEESSI02SAL GLGM-
January 18,
floor, if any ,i,n the cowntry
ai^the.aetionoftbe Senate of.tbe United States
Is'gravely invoked in behalf- of an important
^pjendment to this bill because, .perhaps by the
d option of that amendment^ the portfolio of
ay not bp tendered.to ,-the Senator from
ator, his confirmation will be in the hands of
the Senate, .of'jihe United $tates,; and if the
Senaf,e pf the United States forbid that copfirm-
ation "no disaster can come to the country
from such a tender as that to the Senator from
Spanlylvanija. 'The distinguished Senator from
-^Kpondn said he copld not answer.the argu*
mentwiiioh he himself read; in other words,
lie confessed that he could not ans.wer an idle
rumor, which I supposeis true.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I desire
to state, in connection with what has been said,
.tliat ,my colleague is now absent from the
Chamber, and is not himself able to take any
notice of the introduction of a newspaper cor-
respondent's speculation in the debates of thip
body. I desire also to state, as this point has
been raised, that my colleague was nominated
by the President of the united.States for a
position abroad without his knowledge. He
tad no information that such a nomination was
proposed, no concern whatever in procuring it.
He stands perfectly independent of the whole
proceeding, having had no personal connection
with it'in any way whatever.
I must say, in addition to that, as to the
statement by a newspaper correspondent upon
a proposed location of my colleague hereafter
in intimate relations with the -President at
home, I have no information whatever; but so
far as my opinion can be formed from a knowl-
edge of him, from a knowledge 01* the general
circumstances of the case, I do not believe
there is the slightest foundation for what is
stated by the correspondent. Of course we
may conjecture upon what may take place here-
after as we please. What I desire to say is
that, so far as I know and believe, this state-
ment by the correspondent is a vague, idle con-
jecture, belonging to a class of conjectures
which I suppose find their way into the news-
papers of the country from the fact that these
newspaper correspondents are in want of ma-
terial to make up the correspondence for which
they are paid, and in the absence of definite
and exact information to communicate to the
newspapers with which they have the relation
of correspondent they exercise their ingenuity
for the purpose of feeding that popular love of
excitement upon which newspaper circulation
is to a great extent based.
I have said thus much because of the cir-
cumstance which I stated in rising: that the
member of this body who was affected was not
then present in the Chamber.
Mr. HOWE. I trust it is not neccssary for
me to disavow any purpose of reflecting upon
the character of the distinguished "gentleman
whose name is introduced in this paragraph.
It is not necessary for me to disavow any such
purpose, because I did not indulge in any such
reflection, had none to indulge in. I have not
a feeling in the world toward that gentleman,
but of the very kindest character. The only
point I make is that, judging of the matter
from my stand-point, which differs essentially
from the stand-point of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania and the Senator from Delaware who
have just taken their seats, I do not think it
would be a good thing to do. I should prefer
to see the present incumbent retained in the
custody of that portfolio, and therefore I am
not willing to leave-the jjower in the hands of
the President to take it from him without the
eonsent of the Senate. That is the only point
I make upon it. I do not think that is a very
strange opinion for me to enteitam. I ask foi
the yeas and nays on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. I shall vote for the motion
made by the Senator from Wisconsin to strike
out the. exception contained in the third line
of the first section.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Michigan give way to the Senator
from Pennsylvania,?
Mr. HOWARD. I h&ve but a word to say.
I sK^ll so .vote, not for the reason intimated by
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin, though
I may say .with truth that I sympathize with
him somewhat in the reason which he has given,
but J shall do it in order to save the principle
which is incorporated in the bill. The clause
reads thai, every person, except the heads of
Departments, holding any civil office, shall
hold the sam,e until his successor shall be ap-
pointed by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate. The principle of the bill is, if I
understand it rightly, that all civil officers of
the United States shall be appointed by the
President qf the United States, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate. To
except from the category the heads of Depart-
ments, as is done by the clause as it now
stands, seems to me to give up the principle
and to acknowledge in the same breath that
as to the highest officers of the Government
the President has authority to remove them
at pleasure during the vacation and to appoint
others in their stead. That is the very princi-
ple that? we are combatting.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Allow me to say to my
friend from Michigan that he misapprehends
the principle of the bill, taking his statement
of it, in this: the bill does not undertake to
declare that every civil officer shall be ap-
pointed by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate ; but it simply undertakes to
declare that every civil officer who by law is
required to be appointed by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, with the exception
named, shall hold his office for a certain length
of time. That is, it regulates the duration of
holding office; and it makes this exception,
not as surrendering the principle upon which
the bill goes, but because by express authority
of law now the President is authorized by the
law. as I say, or as is claimed, in opposition by
the Constitution, to remove these officers at
pleasure. We thought it right for the time
being at least to try the experiment of still
authorizing him by law, that is leaving the law
to stand just as it does now, to ch'ange Cabi-
net ministers. That is the principle of the
bill. . ,
Mr. HOWARD. I did not misunderstand
the theory of the bill; nor was it very highly
necessary in my judgment that the Senator
from Vermont should have interrupted me
with a view to correct what he calls my mis-
apprehension. W hat the bill intends to do is
to prevent the President of the United States
removing from office during the vacation those
who have been regularly appointed, and sub-
stituting others in their stead. That is^ the
evil which we propose to remedy. Now,
sir, this exception in the bill seems to me to
yield the very principle itself upon which the
bill is founded, and to say to the President,
" You may remove the Secretary of State, the
Secretary of War, &c., during the ^recess of
the Senate and appoint others in their stead if
you see fit to do so." In short, it appears to
me to be a elause which is utterly inconsistent
with the object, the scope, and purpose of the
bill; and 1 shall therefore, for the sake of
harmonizing the provisions of the bill, vote to
strike out this exception, and then I shall vote
also to strike out another clause in the second
section, which is a recognition of this previous
exception.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, 1 understand
that my colleague has explained my position
in the matter which, as I think, has been with-
out any sufficient warrant introduced here as
an offense on the part of the President. I
have only to say, as I understand my colleague
has already said, that I am utterly, entirely,
and totally innocent of all these honors which
are about to be thrust upon me; I have never
had the slightest intimation of any one of
them j and this report, to which the Senator
from Wisconsin has directed my attention, that
I am to be Secretary of War, I certainly never
heard from anybody connected with the Presi-
dent, the Secretary of War, or anybody else
in authority. I have only to state further with
regard to the Secretary of War that from the
time he accepted that position he and myself
have been upon the most friendly and intimate
terms, coming from the same region of coun-
try and having known each other for a long
time, and I do not know of anybody to whom
he might more safely intrust his destinies for
fair play than to myself.
. I make this statement in order that these
things, which are mere rumors, idle wind, which
may be made by anybody, may not be allowed
to influence the action of this body in the
premises.
Mr. CONNESS. Prom the direction that
the latter part of this debate has taken it might
appear as though the Senate, or some part of
the Senate, desired the adoption of the amend-
ment now proposed by the honorable Senator
from Wisconsin, for the purpose of preserving
to the distinguished citizen who now holds the
Dogition of Secretary of War the office whieh
: ie has so ably filled and which he still graces.
I take it that it is scarcely necessary to- be said
here or necessary to be said anywhere to those
who know him or know his character, that he
would be the last man either to seek or wish
protection to himself in that or any other place,
"t is unnecessary to add that he occupies tho
place because of the high position that he holds
in the hearts of the people, and the great fitness
which he has in the opinion of the people for
the office. I feel called upon to say this much
only because of the turn the latter part of this
debate has taken.
Mr. HOWE. I am obliged to the Senator
from California for the reminder he has given
the Senate, and I ought in support of it to say
that of course I offered this amendment upon
my own responsibility entirely, without the
slightest consultation with the Secretary of War
or anybodv, so far as I know, that has seed the
Secretary of War; and he had no more idea
that the amendment was to be offered than a
person on the other side of the Atlantic.
Mr. CONNESS. Of course not. That is
well understood.
Mr. HOWE. I have, I avow here, a very
high opinion of the public services of the Sec-
retary of War. I should regard it a public
calamity to have him removed at the present
juncture. I should think the Congress of the
United States assumed a grave responsibility
if, knowing that there was a probability of his
being removed, they allowed it to be done when
they could prevent it; and I say this, not hav-
ing been, as the Senator from Pennsylvania
says has been the case with him, on intimate
terms with the Secretary of War. I have occu-
pied no confidential relation whatever with
him. I have judged of him as from a distance,
judged of his public acts, and put upon them
perhaps an exalted, certainly a very high esti-
mate, as I have no doubt every Senator on
this floor has done.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays '27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown. Chandler, Fogg, Grimes,
Howard, Howe, Ij&ne, Morrill, Ramsey, >_piaguG,
Sumner, Wade, and Wilson—13. n n
KAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Cattell, Con-
Johnson, Morgan, Nesmith, Norton, Patterson, Po-
lnnd Biddle, Saulsbury, Sherman, van \\ mklo,
Willey. Williams, and Yates-—27.
ABSENT—Messrs..Cragm, Creswell J)avis. I' owlor,
fiuthrie.Kirkwood, McDougall, Nyc.Pomeroy, Rosa,
Stewart] and Trumbull—12.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend tho
sixth section by adding these words:
Provided, That the President shall have power to
make out and deliver, after the adjournment ot tho
Senate, commissions for all officers whoso appoint-
ments shall have been advised and consented to by
the Senate.
I do not think myself that this amendment
