1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1313
and I did not suppose it was of any practical
use. A man who goes to London goes to the
tunnel and pays a British shilling to look at the
curiosities there. That is all the use that was
made of it when I was there. No passengers
or freight go through. You might as well
attempt to run a train of cars down a precipice
as through a tunnel of that kind. You have
to go down, I think, about eight feet before
you gel to the tunnel. The Thames is a brook
as compared with the Mississippi river; a very
small brook. I cannot state the oxaot length
of the tunnel ; but I passed through it once pr
twice, and paid a shilling to look at it. It is a
total failure for practical use. If the people of
St. Louis desire to dig a thing of that kind to
exhibit as a great curiosity, let them do it; but
the tvmnel at London has never been of any
practical use to that city, and never will bo.
Mr. HENDERSON". With the permission
of the Senator I should like to ask him if it is
true that the Thames has been tunneled at
London 1
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly; I have been
in the tunnel; I went there from curiosity.
Mr. HENDERSON. I was never there, and
I am not aware that I ever shall be there; but
I desire some time or other during my life to be
in a tunnel beneath some large stream; and
if one is built at the city of St. Louis I shall
have the privilege of going in it. [Laughter.]
I doubt whether I shall ever be able to see the
tunnel at London, for I do not know that I
shall ever be able to cross the ocean; but, as
the Senator lias been there, and can give assur-
ance that the Thames has been tunneled, I
have no doubt that the Mississippi can belike-
wise tunneled. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator how long that tunnel is, whether it is a
mile, or half a mile, or how long?
Mr. CHANDLER. It is not a mile, and it
is not half a mile.
Mr. HENDERSON. Did the Senator pass
through it ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I passed to the end of
it, from one end to the other.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to have
the Senator's estimate of the distance.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should think about
eighty or one hundred rods, but I am not cer-
tain.
Mr. HENDERSON. I really thought from
what I had read, that the Thames was a very
wide stream at London.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is a little brook; it
is broader there than at some other places.
Mr. HENDERSON. $ thought very heavy
shipping passed up to London on the Thames.
Mr. CHANDLER. They do bring large
ships up to a certain point.
Mr. HENDERSON. Well, Mr. President,
I am satisfied if there is a tunnel there at all.
Now I want the Mississippi tunneled.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Ttames is a very
smalhbrook compared with the Mississippi.
Mr. JOHNSON. The tunnel is about
three eighths of a mile, I think, at London. I
passed through it from one end to the other
without the slightest difficulty.
Mr. HENDERSON. I only wanted to know
that there was such a thing as a tunnel there.
Mr.'TRUMBULL. I want to tell my good
friend from Missouri that I have no sort of
objection to his tunnel under the Mississippi
river; but I am afraid he never will have a
chance to go into a tunnel there; that is all
the difficulty about it It certainly will not
interfere with navigation if it is below the
bottom of the river, and I do not suppose
anybody in the world will object to that. The
only fear I have is that he will not get his
tunnel constructed so that he or I can go
through. I should like to see a law passed
providing for a bridge that can be built,
that is practicable. That is the kind of bridge
I was for last year. I should like to see such
a bridge at St. Louis ; but so long as we go on
to provide for bridges that are to be away up
in the heavens or away down at the bottom of
the earth, I am afraid wc shall get nothing. I
have no sort of objection to them, however, if
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 83.
the Senator's constituents will build them, and
it is very little trouble to pass the bill. I shall
make no objection to it.
Mr. GRIMES. As the Senator from Mis-
souri is very anxious to see a tunnel and to
know all about it, and as the Senator from
Illinois is satisfied that there never will be a
tunnel built across the Mississippi river, per-
from
^ it would be well for the Senator from
Michigan to enter into a more minute descrip-
tion than he has alre%dy given us of the tunnel
at London. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Mary-
land can enlighten the Senator from Iowa on
that subject. He has been there since I was.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
frank puosley.
Mr. HOWE. I move that Senate bill No.
499 be taken up for consideration.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 499) for the relief of Frank Pugsley, late
a private soldier in company I, of the third
regiment of New Hampshire volunteers, was
read the second time and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It is a direction to
the accounting officers of the Treasury, in the
final settlement of the accounts of Frank Pugs-
ley, as a private soldier in company I, of the
third regiment of New Hampshire volunteers,
to regard the date of his discharge from the
service of the United States as of the 24th day
of October, 1862, and to compute his pay ana
allowances as such soldier to that time.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
william ii. iiarman.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, the bill
(S. No. 598) for the relief of William H.
Harman, was read the second time and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to remit and release to William II. Har-
man the internal revenue tax assessed on five
hundred and six gallons of whisky of his man-
ufacture, the same having been destroyed by
fire before removal from the distillery and
befors sale
Mr. JOHNSON. How did the fire origin-
ate? Through his own carelessness?
_Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on
Finance were unanimous in reporting the bill.
Mr, JOHNSON. Very well.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, road the
third time, and passed.
ober, nanson and company.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House joint res-
olution No. 173.
The motion was agreed to ; and the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 173) for the relief of
Ober, Nanson & Co., merchants of New York,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The preamble recites that Ober, Nanson &
Co., of the city of New York, did. on Octo-
ber 18, 1865, deposit in the post office of the
city of New York, a sealed package, contain-
ing twelve hundred compound-interest notes
of the United States, each of the denomination
of fifty dollars, dated September 1, 18G5, and
falling due September 1, 1868, amounting to
$60,000, which notes are specifically described
by their letters and numbers, the package being
dirclted to Ober, Atwater& Co., New Orleans,
and registered, and a receipt given by the
postmaster at New York, dated October _ IS,
1805, and was dispatched through the United
States mail, on the steamship Republic, to
its place of destination, as certified by the
postmaster of New York; and that the steam-
ship Republic,_ with the United States mail
thereon, containing the sealed package, was
sunk and lost in the sea on the 25th day of
October, 1865, at a point about one hundred
and forty miles east of Savannah, Georgia, and
no part of the_ mail on board was saved or
recovered^ It is therefore proposed to direct
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Ober,
Nanson & Co., or their assigns or legal repre-
sentatives, the amount of the notes supposed
to bo lost, with the interest thereon to the time
of their maturity, at any time within six months
after -the maturity thereof, if there shall not
appear, before such payment, evidence satis-
factory to the Secretary of the Treasury that
the said notes have not been lost and de-
stroyed ; and the Secretary of the Treasury is
to require of them, their assigns or legal repre-
sentatives, to execute and deliver such bond
of indemnity, with adequate sureties, as he
may deem necessary, before such payment is
made.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at nine
o'clock and five minutes p. m.,) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 18,1867.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. 13. Boyxton.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
message "from tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed the bill (H. R. No. 1143) entitled " An
act to provide for the more efficient govern-
ment of the insurrectionary States" with
amendments, in which the concurrence of the
House was x-equested.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. "This being Monday, the
first business in order during the morning
hour is the call of States and Territories for
bills for reference to appropriate committees,
not to be brought back by a motion to recon-
sider.
tariff on railroad iron
Mr. MILLER introduced a joint resolution
in regard to the tariff on railroad iron; which
was read, as follows :
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
<£•«., That it is incompatible with the policy of the
protective system of tho United States and detii-
mental to tho industrial industry of the country to
admit, under any pretext whatever, free of duty,
foreign iron, whether manufactured for railroad pur-
poses or otherwise.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
amendment of tiie constitution.
Mr. WILLIAMS introduced a joint resolu-
tion proposing an amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
pay of soldiers, etc.
Mr. DELANO introduced a bill entitled " An
act to give construction to the act of June 20,
1864, increasing the pay of soldiers of the
Army, and to the act ot March 3, 186-5, amend-
ing the several acts calling out the national
forces, and to limit the pay to officers' ser-
vants; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
tax on coffee, sugar, etc.
Mr. HISE introduced the following concur-
rent resolutions in favor of the abolition ot the
tax on coffee, sugar, molasses, raw cotton, &c.:
In order to relieve the people of the United States
in part of the burden of taxation now bearing so
heavily upon them— „ ^ . ,,, 0
licsolvccl by the. House of ReprescntcitiveQ, (the ben-
ato concurring,) That the tax imposed by existing
laws upon coffee, sugar, molasses, salt, and raw cot-
