1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1989
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be rend a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
REVENUE-CUTTER SERVICE.
Mr. CRESWELL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
89ft, in relation to the revenue-cutter service.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole,.proceeded to
consider the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Com-
mittee on Commerce report a substitute for the
original bill; and the substitute only will be
read unless some Senator asks for the reading
of the original bill.
The Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
lows :
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert:
That for tho expenses of the revenue-cutter ser-
vice for each half year from and after the 1 vst day of
December, 1866, until tho 1st day of June, 1809, there
shall ba paid out of the appropriation for expenses
ot collecting the revenue Irom customs, $670,000.
Sec. 2. And bit it further enacted. That the follow-
ing sums be.and tlieynre hereby, appropriated from
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-'
atoil, namely:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pnrchase
for the said revenue-cutter service the steam-tug D.
A. Mills and the steam-tug Mosswood, $28,000.
For the construction and equipment of eight
echooners for tho said service, designed to take the
place of tho steam cutters heretofore authorized to
to sold under the act approved April 20,1866, $211,000;
and so much of the said act of April 20, JSt>6, as au-
thorized the proceeds of tho sales of the said steam
cutters to bo expended in the purchase or construc-
tion of other vessels is hereby repealed: Provided,
Ttist as soon ns the said schooners shall ho ready for
service it shall be the duty of the Secretary of tho
Treasury, and he is hereby directed, to sell at public
auction to the highest bidder, for casb, after due
notice in the public newspapers, a like number of
such of said steam cutters as he shall find to be ill-
adapted to the purposes of tho revenue service, so
that the number of vessels employed in that service
dball not at any time cxcoed tho number at presontso
employed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am extremely reluctant
for one to enter upon this hasty legislation, as
it may be justly called, at this last moment of
the session. This subject was considered in
the Committee on Commerce on a recent oc-
casion when I had the pleasure to be present,
and, according to the best of my recollection,
it was the unanimous .opinion of that commit-
tee that we had better suspend action until the
next session. I learn from my distinguished
friend from Maryland, in whose judgment I
always have great confidence it is true, that
afterward that decision was in some way re
versed when I did not happen to be present,
and it was thought fit to report this bill in this
modified and amended way. Now, this rev-
enue service can be sufficiently performed for
the present wilh the means that the Govern-
ment now has at its disposal. It is true it
would be a little more complete, a little more
effective, a little more ornamental, for I think
I may use that expression, if these old vessels
were disposed of and new ones were built; but
it involves the expenditure of a very consider-
able sum of money from the Treasury; and I
think when we have drawn and redrawn upon
the Treasury as we have at this session, some-
times for good and sometimes for evil, that we
had better pause at last and characterize the
last hours of the session by an economy that
we have failed to observe in the first. I hope
for one that this matter will be laid over until
we shall have more time for deliberation on a
subsequent occasion.
duties on wool and woolens.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me, in the act we passed the day before
yesterday, relating to the duties on wool and
woolens, the time for its taking effect waa on
the passage of the act. We could not amend
it very well without sending it back to the
Honse. The intention was to offer a joint
resolution to extend the time for ten days, so
that notice might be given of the terms and
provisions of the act at tho various port*. I
ask leave to introduce a bill to carry out that ]
intention. i
Mr. CRESWELL. I hope, as my friend is !
about to pass a bill on that subject, that he
will include the substance of the proposition
offered by the gentleman from New Jersey
[Mr. Cattell] from the Finance Committee,
making an increase of duty of twenty per cent,
applicable to all other articles.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is impossible. This
is simply in aid of the act to extend the time
for the going into effect of that act for ten
days.
Mr. CRESWELL. I think the twenty per
cent, addition would be much more in aid
of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. There can be no objec-
tion to this.
Mr. CRESWELL. I only make the sug-
gestion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objeetion to the present introduction of
the bill ?
Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. GRIMES. Let it
be read for information.
'Mr. SHERMAN. It is in the form of a bill.
It can only be passed by general consent.
The Secretary read as follows :
A bill to extend the time for the taking effect of
the act relating lo wool and woolens.
Be it enacted, d*c.. That the act of the present ses-
sion relating to tho duties on wool and woolens shall
not take effect until ten days after the passage of
said act, anything in said act to the contrary not-
withstanding.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio asks leave to introduce this
bill. It requires unanimous consent to intro-
duce it at this time. Is there any objection ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it cannot be received.
revexue-cutteu service.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 899) in relation to the rev-
enue-cutter service.
Mr. CRESWELL. I waa somewhat sur-
prised to hear from my friend from Vermont
the allegation that the legislation proposed by
this bill is hasty legislation. If my friend will
look over the papers applicable to the matter
he will find that as early as December 10 of
this session a strong paper was presented by
the Treasury Department to the Committee on
Commerce of the House asking that immediate
action be taken on the subject of this bill.
They urged in strong terms the necessity for
having first a special appropriation for the rev-
enue-cutler service, alleging that under tho
extension of I he tariff and the greater disposi-
tion indicated by reason of the high rates to
defraud the revenue, the absolute necessity of
having a largely increased revenue-cutter ser-
vice, and by consequence largely increased
expenses ; and that inasmuch as the expenses |
of the revenue-cutter service have of late grown
to the hitherto unparalleled amount of nearly
a million and a third dollars it is better that
the Congress of the United States should here-
after make a special appropriation for that pur-
pose, in order that they might have under their
direction aud disposal the details essential to
that service. In accordance with these recom-
mendations from the Treasury Department the
House committee prepared a bill, which passed
the other body, in which they make a special
appropriation for that service for the next
eighteen months. But when the matter came
before the committee, of which my honorable
friend from Vermont and myself are members,
we concluded that inasmuch as by an act of
last year a special appropriation of §4,200,000
was made generally for the purposes of collect-
ing the revenue, it was better not to make an
appropriation for the purposes of the revenue-
Cutter service, because the effect of it would be
to increase thereby the appropriations generally
for the collection of the revenue to the amount
nearly of a million and a halt dollars. The
bill, therefore, before the committee of the
S«8aie was amended so as to charge the amount
necessary for tho revcnue-cutter service upon
the general appropriation necessary for the
collection of the revenue, the effect of which
is that not one dollar additional is appropriated
for this purpose.
In connection with this subject there are two
other matters about which the Department
feel great anxiety. The lirst is the necessity
of having an appropriation for the purchase
of two steam-tugs that are essentially necessary
to the prosecution of the labors of the Depart-
ment in the ports of Boston, Massachusetts,
and Eastport, Maine. Furthermore, last year
an act was passed by Congress authorizing the
Treasury Department to dispose of some eight
or ten, or as many as it might be deemed
proper to dispose of, of the more expensive
class of revenue cutters. The number of ves-
sels attached to that service of the charac-
ter of steamers at the present time is twenty-
seven, and they vary in size from five hundred
and fifty tons down to one hundred and twenty
tons, and the number of men necessary to
work them varies from fifty down to twenty.
These vessels are found to be entirely too ex-
pensive. They are really vessels-of-war, and
although they may have been necessary during
the prosecution of the war, with their heavy
armaments, to compete with vessels coming
in from foreign countries which were also pro-
vided with armaments, they are found now to
be comparatively useless for this service. They
draw too much water, and are entirely too ex-
pensive. Therefore, instead of the bill I pro-
pose being, as the gentleman from Vermont
charges, an Additional tax upon the Treasury,
it is expressly for the relief of the Treasury ;
and instead ot'maUing additional appropiiatious
the idea is that the Treasury may be relieved
by the sale of its more expensive steamers and
the purchase of much less expensive sailing
vessels, which are deemed better adapted to the
service and all that the service requires. The
mistake that was made in the details of the
matter last year in the bill that passed Con-
gress on the request of the Department was
that it provided, lirst, for the sale of these ves-
sels, and then further provided that out of the
proceedsof the steamers the Department should
be authorized to purchase the sailing vessels.
The Treasury Department, it seems, with all
its astuteness, was a littlo at fault in .■uggest-
ing the terms of that biil, and they have since
made the discovery that the boy did about his
cake, that he could not eat it and have it at
the same time. They have found that they
cannot sell these steamers and appropriate the
money to the construction of sailing vessels
and still have the steamers. What they desire
now is to use the steam vessels until the sail-
ing vessels aro ready for service. They there-
fore suggest to Congress the necessity of making
a direct appropriation to pay for the eight sail-
ing vessels that are required; and then suggest,
and this bill provides, that the provision of the
act of last session authorizing the proceeds of
the steam vessels to be assigned to that pur-
pose 6hall be repealed, so as to require that
the proceeds of the steam vessels shall be cov-
ered directly into the Treasury.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator will
allow me, I wish to inquire who owns the two
steam-tugs which it is proposed to buy in the
first clause of the second section ?
Mr. GRIMES. Are those the only two togs
that can be bonght and the cheapest?
Mr. CRESWELL. That is more than I can
inform the pentleman.
Mr. HENDRICIvS. If the Government
ought to buy a couple of these vessels, what is
the reason that Congress undertakes to say
what two shall be bought?
Mr. CRESWELL. My recollection is that
these tugs are already purchased and are now
in use, and have been for some time past. They
were purchased under such circumstances that
the Department 
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then they were pur-
chased without authority ?
Mr. CRESWELL. I do not know that there
was any special authority for purchasing them
