1990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
other than the general authority given by the
appropriation of $4,200,000 for the collection
of the revenue. The Senator from Indiana
will bear in mind that heretofore tkere has
been no special direction given with regard
even to the revenue-cutter service; but the ex-
penditure of the whole $4,200,000 has been
entirely under the discretion of the Treasury
Department. Does the chairman of the Naval
Committee remember what those large steam
cutters in the revenue-cutter service cost?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
Mr. CllESWELL. They cost vastly more
than sailing vessels would cost.
Mr. GRIMES. I know that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The first ones cost from
one hundred and fifteen thousand to one hun-
dred and twenty-five thousand dollars. The
last ones cost more. Those built on the lakes
cost somewhere up to one hundred and forty
thousand dollars.
Mr. CRESWELL. Then that shows the
importance of this bill, because the object of it
is to dispose of those more expensive vessels
and purchase sailing vessels, that will cost about
one fifth of that money, and put the residue
into the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it proposed to sell the
revenue cutters on the lakes?
Mr. CRESWELL. Only those of the twenty-
seven now in the employ of the Department
that the Secretary of the Treasury may deem
less adapted to the purposes of the service.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And it is proposed to
build sailing vessels.
Mr. CRESWELL. Yes; eight.
Mr. FESSENDEN. By recommendation
AT ilia Kaoi>Atai|tr?
Mr. CRESWELL. They were ordered last
year, and the proceeds of the steam vessels are
to be appropriated for that purpose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What will the sailing
vessels be good for after they are built?
Mr. CRESWELL. The Department think
that in many respects they will be better than
the steam vessels in certain quarters.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think so.
Mr. CRESWELL. That is the opinion of
an ex-Secretary. The opinion of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is different, and he makes
the suggestion. I will state for the informa-
tion of the Senator from Maine that the au-
thority to build the eight sailing vessels is not
given by this act. It was given at the last ses-
sion. We only direct that $200,000 or there-
abouts be appropriated out of the Treasury
directly for this purpose, in order that the
steam vessels may be retained in the service
and employed in that service until the sailing
vessels shall be ready for service. So far from
this being a bill to appropriate money out of
the Treasury or to tax the Treasury, it is in
reality a bill for the relief of the Treasury and
to insure to Congress that the revenue-cutter
service shall hereafter be conducted much
more economically than it has been for the last
three or four years.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate again to the fact, which in
my mind is of considerable consequence: that
on a deliberate consideration of this bill when
we had plenty of time the other day, in the
Committee of Commerce, I believe we were
unanimously of the opinion that it ought not
to pass.
Mr. CRESWELL. I will state that that was
the opinion of the committee as to the bill
that came from the House; but upon a fur-
ther consideration of the subject, and upon
more information from the Department, we
concluded that the measure could be matured,
and that it was better it should be passed in
the shape of a substitute at this session ; and
therefore we recommended the passage of the
substitute.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was not my good for-
tune to be present at the very recent meeting
of the committee at which this conclusion was
reached. What further information we had
from the Treasury, through what agencies it
came, I do not know; but we do know from
the history of this subject that the officers of
the Treasury Department who are charged
with this branch of the public service do not
appear to know themselves from one year to
another what it is that they do want. I am not
i| saying this of the Secretary of the Treasury.
11 Of course his attention cannot be diverted
from the general affairs of the Treasury and
finance that he is obliged to devote himself
to, to consider these matters of detail. I am
' not, therefore, speaking of it as any ground of
| complaint against him. But I have observed
that his subordinates in the Treasury, who are
1 charged with this branch of the service, do
not seem, if we take their own acts as the
guide of what their knowledge and opinions
are, to know from one year's end to another
what it is desirable that they should do. One
year we must have steam vessels, and I think
that is right myself; the next year we must
dispose of the steam vessels and have sailing
vessels; and the year after it will be discov-
ered that sailing vessels are for this purpose
of enforcing the revenue laws totally useless,
as they have been demonstrated to be, and
then we must sell out those and go and buy
steam vessels. Now what use on the lakes,
or what use on the sea-coast in these modern
times, is a sailing vessel, a schooner, for the
purpose of enforcing the police in the collec-
tion of the revenue? Totally and absolutely
useless. It would be the by-word and the
reproach of every smuggler that sails on the
coast or across the lakes.
Therefore, Mr. President, I think that we
ought not, at these last moments of the ses-
sion, to plunge into any new experiments of
this kind, although some subordinate of the
Secretary of the Treasury comes down and
button-holes the committee and induces them
to make some modification of the bill and to
go for it, because I feel as sure as I can feel
of anything that a year will not pass over our
heads, if we pass this bill, before we shall be
called upon to reverse our action and to go
back to the present plan. We are to have a
fresh meetingof Congress immediately. There
cannot be anything exceedingly urgent in this
measure. Let us therefore have time to in-
vestigate the true principles upon which these
details should proceed, and then we can do
whatever the public service requires. I do
hope Senators will not consent to push this
bill through at this last moment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is very trjie, as the
honorable Senator from Vermont suggests, that
the Secretaries of the Treasury cannot them-
selves know very much about these matters.
They do, however, have the general supervis-
ion of them, and nothing is done without their
concurrence. With regard to the comparative
value of the opinion of an ex-Secretary and
the actual Secretary of the Treasury I do not
suppose there is a very great difference arising
out of that fact, particularly as living on the
sea-board and being somewhat intimate with
the revenue-cutter service, I may be supposed
to know as much about it and have as many
ideas in regard to it as a gentleman who came
from the interior, and lived there nearly all his
life, and probably has not, since he left the
State of Maine originally, until recently, seen
a revenue cutter at all. But I do not suppose
that either of us knows very much about it. I
can only say that for the last six years until
very recently the idea has prevailed, and it
has been acceded to as a truth, that for the
revenue service these sailing vessels at the
present time are utterly useless; and I am per-
fectly astonished to find that any bill has passed
through Congress or been recommended by
the Treasury Department for the building of
sailing vessels for the revenue service.
Mr. SPllAGUE. It passed at the last session
of Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. So I understand. I
do not know when. It certainly never was
passed by any recommendation that I heard
nere, and I do not know how it happened.
We built under the first Secretary of the
Treasury, in Mr. Lincoln's administration,
large steamers, propellers for service on the
sea-coast. They were very beautiful vessels,
and they have been found very effective in
every particular except one; and that was
that they had no speed comparatively, I mean
not sufficient speed. They were very much
better than sailing vessels, however, and could
be managed with very much greater ease.
I Mr. CRESWELL. They add to the ex-
! penditure of money.
j Mr. FESSENDEN. That was an expendi-
ture of money ; but it was a mistake thus far,
; I think; although they were very beautiful ves-
sels, and some of them have a very reasonable
! speed, they are not what it was supposed they
would be when they were built. They are too
: large in point of fact, and I think they might
; be altered so as to be made very efficient,
t Afterward, in pursuance of a law passed by
Congress at the time we were anticipating
difficulties and were having difficulties on the
lakes, steamers were built for the revenue ser-
vice. They were pretty well calculated for
the service to a certain extent. Those were
side-wheel steamers. The Treasury Depart-
ment changed its plans about them. They
saw that we wanted speed more particularly
than anything else there, and we wanted ves-
sels so built that they would run into compar-
atively shallow waters. I believe everybody
concedes that those vessels were a very great
success. They have a very high degree of
speed, and they are very effective. I never
heard anything said to the contrary with regard
to them.
Now, sir, what has changed the views of the
Department, or those who advise the Depart-
ment, on the subject, I cannot imagine. If they
have advised the building of sail vessels they
have totally abandoned the system that they
had before, and which was approved by every-
body. Indeed, common sense would show that
where you want vessels for police purposes they
should have as high a degree of speed as pos-
sible to overtake any sail vessel and go around
it in any way; and if you want them to go to
sea to protect and save commerce on the coast
in bad weather, which they are used for to a
considerable extent along the Atlantic coast,
you want steam vessels, powerful vessels. I
hope, therefore, that no bill will be passed
which contemplates any change of the system
until we get more information on the subject,
and somebody is prepared to give us some
good reasons for it. It strikes me with entire
astonishment; it may be owing to my igno-
rance of the subject; but until I am better
informed than I am I must oppose the passage
of this bill or any bill which is calculated for
that purpose or to produce that effect.
Mr. MORRILL. This subject was before the
Committee on Commerce at the last session.
The result of their examination was the pas-
sage of an act authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to sell a certain class of steamers in
the revenue servicc, represented to be unsuita-
ble to that service on account of their size, and
to purchase in lieu of those steamers certain
sailing vessels, which were said to be better
adapted to the service, particularly upon the
Atlantic coast. The statement was that this
class of vessels was altogether too large for
the service.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is undoubtedly
true. They should have smaller ones, but not
sailing vessels.
Mr. MORRILL. The representation from
the Department was that a certain portion of
the service would be better performed by sail-
ing vessels than by steam vessels; in other
words, it was said that the experience of the
Department was that the two ought to be com-
bined ; that you want sailing vessels and steam
vessels. The legislation of the last session was
based upon the idea that the revenue-cutter
service demanded a combination both of sail
and steam vessels, and that the Department
had a certain class of steam vessels that were
unsuited forthe service, and they asked author-
ity to sell those and invest the proceeds in the
construction of sail vessels.
