1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1315
Dodge, Donnelly, Eliot, Goodyear, GrinnclL Hart,
Hayes, Hill, Holmes. Hooper, Hotchkiss, Demas
Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell,
James R. Hubbell, Hulburd, Julian, Kasson,Kelley,
Kelso, Ketcham, Koontz, Laflin, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Longyear, Marston, Mar-
vin, McCullough, McKee, Mclluer, Mercur, Miller,
Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Patterson,
Perham, Phelps, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, William H.
Randall, John H. Bice, Rollins, Sawyer, Scofield,
Shellabarger, Sitgrcaves, Spalding, Stilwell, Thayer,
John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam,
Burt V.an Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner, Welker,
Wentworth, Whaley, Williams, James P. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Winfield, and Wood-
bridge—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Arnell, Baker,
Baxter, Bergen, Bromwell, Campbell, Chanler.Cobb,
Cook, Cooper, Dawson, BeniSon, Eldridge, jfarns-
worth, Farquhar, Finck, Glossbrenner, Aaron Hard-
ing, Abner C. Harding, Hawkins, Henderson, Hiso,
Chester D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Kerr,
Kuykendall, Latham, Le Blond, Leftwich, Loan,
Marshall, Maynard, Mclndoe, Moorhead, Niblack,
Nicholson, Noell, Orth, Paine, Samuel J. Randall,
Ross, Schenck, Shanklin, Stevens, Stokes, Taber,
Nathaniel G.Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Francis Thomas,
Thornton, Robert T. Van Horn, and Andrew H.
Ward—-55.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, James
M. Ashley, Blow, Boyer, Conkling, Culiom, Culver,
Dixon, Driggs, Dumonfc, Eckley, Egrgieston, Ferry,
Garfield, Griswold, Hale, Harris, Higby, llogan.Asa-
liel W. Hubbard, Hunter, Jenckcs, Jones, Lynch,
McClurg, Morrill, Pike, Radford, Raymond, Alex-
ander H. Rice, Ritter, Rogers, Rousseau, Sloan,
Starr, Strouse, Trimble, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry
D.Washburn, William B.Washburn, and Wright—41.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
congressional temperance society.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution;
which were read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas asociety has been formed bythe members
of the Thirty-Ninth Congresscalled the Congressional
Temperance Society; and whereasit iscontemplated
by said society to hold a public meeting on Sunday,
the 24th instant, at seven and a half o'clock p. m.:
Therefore,
Resolved, That the Hall of the House of Represent-
atives begranted tor that purpose to enable members
of the House to take part in the ceremonies of that
occasion.
Mr. PRICE moved to rcconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed \ and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill (S. No.
399) relative to collection districts in North
Carolina ; when the Speaker signed the same.
indian territory.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, from the Committee on
the Territories, by unanimous consent, reported
a bill to establish a territorial government for
the Indian Territory; which was read a first
and second time, recommitted to the commit-
tee, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
organization of the departments.
On motion of Mr. KASSON, the substitute
which .the sub-committee on appropriations
were ready to report for the bill referred to
them in relation to the organization of the
Departments was ordered to be printed.
national capital insurance company.
Mr. ING-ERSOLL. I desire to ask the con-
sent of the House to have the Committee for
the District of Columbia discharged from the
further consideration of House bill No. 234, to
incorporate the National Capital Insurance Com-
pany. which, when taken from the Speaker's
table, was referred by mistake to that commit-
tee. The Senate added some amendments to
the bill, and I desire the non-concurrence of
the House in those amendments, and to ask
for a committee of conference.
No objection was made ; and the Committee
for the District of Columbia was _ accordingly
discharged from the further consideration of
the bill.
The amendments of the Senate wpre non-
concurred in, and a committee of conference
was asked upon the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses.
commercial relations.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following
resolution; which was referred, under the law,
to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That four thousand additional copies of
the report on-the commercial relations of tho United
States with foreign nations for 1866 be printed forthe
use of the House, and one thousand additional copies
for the use of the State Department.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Leave of absence was granted by unanimous
consent to Mr. Phelps for one day.
sale of liquors in the district.
Mr. ROSS, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution ; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee for tho District of
Columbia be, and they are hereby, instructed to report
to this House at an early day a bill to prohibit the
sale of intoxicating liquors as a beverage in the
District.
Mr. ROSS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
resumption of specie payments.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. [ ask
consent to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That tho Committee on Banking and
Currency be directed to inquire into the expediency
ofrequiring the banking associations organized under
the national currency act to retain as a part of
their ledemption reserve a certain per cent, of the
gold interest paid them by the Government on the
bonds deposited as security for their circulation, the
same to be retained as a basis for tho resumption of
specie payments: and that they have leave to report
by bill or otherwise.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I object.
government of insurrectionary states.
Mr. STEVENS. I move now to proceed to
the business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER stated as (he first business
in order bill of the House No. 1143, to pro-
vide for the more efficient government of the
insurrectionary States, returned from the Sen-
ate with amendments.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. When
we adjourned on Saturday there were some
twenty bills on the Speaker's table. I ask by
what rule this bill has preference over others?
The SPEAKER. Trie Chair will state that
when the House proceeds to the business on
the Speaker's table the order is exhausted with
the day. The gentleman is certainly familiar
with the rule when the Chair reminds him of it.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania! I am
familiar with tho rule; but I do not exactly
see how this bill comes to have preference
over others.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule on the subject, from page 34 of Barclay's
Digest.
The Clerk read as follows :
"The motion to go to business on the Speaker's table
being decided in the affirmative, the Speaker shall
dispose of it in tho following order:
"1. Messages and other executive communica-
tions. •
"2. Messages from tho Senate, and amendments
proposed by the Senate to bills of tho IIousc.
"3. Bills and resolution1? from the Senate- on their
first and second reading, that they be referred to com-
mittees and put under way; but it, on being read a
second tiirie, no motion being made to commit, they
are to be ordered to their third reading,untessobjec-
tion be made; in which case, if nototherwiscordered
by a majority of the House, they are to be laid on the
tablejn tho general file of bills on the Speaker's
tabiepto be taken up in their turn.
"4. Engrossed bills and bills trom the Seriate on
their thiul reading.
"5. Bills of tho House and from the Senate on the
Speaker's table, on their engrossment, or on being
ordered to a third reading, to be taken up and con-
sidered in the order of time in which they passed to
a so«ond reading."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will see
that House bills with Senate amendments have
priority.
The Clerk read the Senate amendments to
the bill, as follows:
Amend the preamble by striking out all after the
word whereas,' in the first line thereof, and insert:
No legal State governments or adequate protection
for life or property now exists in the rebel Statos of
Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia,
Alabama, Louisiana, Florida, Texas, and Arkansas;
and whereas it is necessary thatpeace and good order
should be enforced in said States until loval and re-
publican State governments can be legally estab-
lished : Therefore,
Amend tho bill by striking out all after the enact-
ing clause, and inserting in lieu thereof the follow-
ing:
Be it enacted, &c.t That said rebel Statos shall be
divided into military districts, and made subject to
themilitary authority of the United States, as herein-
after prescribed, and for that purpose Virginia shall
constitute the first district, North Carolina and South
Carolina tho second district, Georgia, Alabama, and
Florida tho third district, Mississippi and Arkansas
tho fourth district, and Louisiana and Texas the fifth
district.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it shall bo
the duty oj tho President to assign to the command
of each of said districts an officer of the Army not
below the rank of brigadier general, and to detail a
sufficient military force to enable such officer to per-
form his duties and enforce his authority within the
district to which he is assigned.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
tho duty of each officer assigned as aforesaid to pro-
tect all persons in their rights of person and prop-
erty, to suppress insurrection* disorder, and violenco.
and to punish or causo to bo punished all disturbers ot
tho public pcaco and criminals, and to this end he
may allow local civil tribunals to take jurisdiction
of and to try offenders, or when in his judgment it
may be necessaiy for the trial of offenders, he shall
have power to organize military commissions or tri-
bunals for that purpose; and all intorforenco under
color of State authority with the exercise of military
authority under this act shall bo null and void.
Sec.4. And be it further enacted, That all persons put
under military arrest by virtue of this act shall be
tried without unnecessary delay, and no cruel or un-
usual punishment shall be inflicted; and no sentence
of any military commission or tribunal hereby au-
thorized, affecting tho life or liberty of any person,
shall be executed until it is approved by tho officer
in command of tho district; and tho laws and regu-
lations tor the government ot the Army shall not bo
affected by this act, except iii so far as they conflict
with its provisions: Provided, That no sentence of
death under tho provisions of this act shall be carried
into effect without the approval of the President.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That when tho
people of any one of said rebel States shall have
formed a constitution ot government in conformity
with the Constitution of the United States m all re-
spects, framed by a convention of delegates elected
by the male citizens of said State twenty-one years
old and upward, of whatever race, color, or previous
condition, who have been resident in said State for
one year previous to the day of such election, except
such as may be disfranchised tor participation in the
rebellion or for felony at common law; and when such
constitution shall provide that the elective franchise
shall beenjoyed by all such persons as have the qual-
ifications herein stated for electois of delegates; and
when such constitution shall be ratified by a majority
of tho persons voting on the question of ratification
who are qualified as electors for delegates, and when
such constitution shall have been submitted to Con-
gress for examination and approval, and Congress
shall have approved the same; and when said State,
by a vote of its Legislature, elected under said consti-
tution, shall have adopted the amendment to the Con-
stitution oftheUnited States, proposed by the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, and known as article fourteen, and
when said aitiele shall have become a part of tho
Constitution of the United States, said State shall be
declared entitled to representation in Congress, and
Senators and Representatives shall be admitted thero-
from on their taking the oaths prescribed by law, and
then and thereafter the preceding sections of this act
shall be inoperative in said State.
Amend the title of tho bill by striking out the word
"insurrectionary" and inserting in lieu thereof tho
word "rebel."
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the amend-
ments of the Senate be non-concurred in 5 and
that the House ask a committee of conference
upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
Mr. SPALDING*. I move that the amend-
ments of the Senate be concurred in.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I rise
to a privileged motion. I move to lay the bill
and amendments upon the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now
in order while the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Stevens] is upon the floor, to which
he is entitled for 0110 hour.
Mr. ltOSS. I rise to a question of ordpr.
The other side have more than thmr fair pra-
portion of lobby members and shoddy contract-
ors upon the floor.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ross] means by that-remark that
he desires the Speaker to see that the rules are
