1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
calumny if it be asserted that they have been
influenced, any one of them, by improper mo-
tives in any measure to which they have given
the recommendation of that committee.
I have said this, Mr. President, not because
we ourselves demand Or require any vindica-
tion to satisfy us that they stand above just
reproach, but to say to those who deal in cal-
umny or in slander that their efforts, as far
as relates to the standing of the members of
this body, will be aimless, if they are founded
in falsehood.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not hear all of
the article read by the honorable Senator from
Iowa, but I am informed since that it makes
an allusion to the Committee on Finance, and
to the influence that was probably exerted by
the honorable Senator from Iowa upon that
committee. I can answer for only one of them,
and I will say very frankly with regard to the
general subject that if there is a man in or out
of this Senate who possesses influence with me
it is the honorable Senator from Iowa. No
man possesses more. I have great respect for
his opinions and for the uniform integrity of
his character, as we all have. But, sir. I must
say in justification of the Senator and of the
committee, or the chairman of it in this particu-
lar instance, that the honorable Senator never
spoke to me that I know of upon the subject
referred to, or alluded to it in any way what-
ever. All I ever heard him say on the subject
was said here on the floor of the Senate; and
I presume it i3 the case with regard to all the
rest of the committees. But, sir, if the Sena-
tor from Iowa or any other Senator had in con-
versation expressed his views outside of the
committee-room upon the general subject of
legislation on the tariff bill, or any particular
item of it, it is a right that was perfect in him;
and I trust if he had said it, or anybody else,
I should have listened to those opinions with
all respect and attention, and given to them
all the weight which I thought they deserved.
I hold it" the perfect right, not only the right,
but the duty of Senators to communicate with
each other and to aid each other as far as pos-
sible in coming to correct conclusions on all
subjects, both in the Senate Chamber and out
of it.
Having said thus much, I have a word or two
to add. I have for some time been of the
opinion that if a man has made up his mind to
do his duty honestly by his country as a legis-
lator in the Senate or the House of Represent-
atives, he has got to do it at the risk of his
character as an honest man, and he runs more
risk than those, if there are any such, who do
not legislate upon those principles. I have
observed that if a Senator happens to run across
some scheme that is got up and pressed upon
the Senate or the House of Representatives, or
the Congress collectively, which is to eventuate
in large profit to individuals, and places him-
self in opposition to it, forthwith he finds that
some correspondents are attacking him for
something or other, and, following upon the
correspondents, forthwith some newspapers in
certain sections are attacking him on the sub-
ject, trying to throw an imputation upon his
integrity of action or his ability to understand
the questions before the Senate. The more a
man stands in the way of schemes for personal
profit and personal advantage the more risk
he runs of having his motives and his character
assailed. Therefore I came to the conclusion
myself that the only way for a man was to go
along and do his duty as well as he could and
take his chances; and I make up for it in my
own individual case by not reading the news-
papers any more than I can possibly help.
[Laughter.] I very seldom look at them; and
with regard to an attack upon myself, the only
way that I generally hear of it is when some
good-natured friend, like the Senator from
Massachusetts—I mean the Senator nearest me
—for instance, points my attention to it. I
do not say that he ever did so; but some good-
natured friend will say: "Have you seen the !
attack upon you in such a paper?" Or perhaps
the author himself who wrote it, or tke editor
of the paper, cuts it out and addresses it to me
for my own particular edification.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the common way.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Yes, thatis the common
way, to let me know what the newspapers say.
Sir, I have as much regard for public opinion
as anybody, that is, for a just public opinion,
and like to receive the approbation of my fel-
low-citizens; but I have not got to that pass
yet when every squib in a newspaper that any
interested party chooses to launch at me, or
even an attack of a stronger character, if there
are any such, disturbs my equanimity to any
very great extent. I am perfectly willing to
'' let them slide," and if they can have the best
of it of course I must take the consequences.
Now, sir, let me state a fact as an illustra-
tion to show precisely bow men are judged.
A gentleman who is special commissioner of
the revenue has been engaged, under the di-
rections of Congress and of the Secretary of
the Treasury, in the discharge of the duties of
his office ; he has been hard at work for months
upon the tariff, devoting all his time to it with
very great .assiduity very much to the injury
of his own health. He is not a man without
meaps in the world. He is a gentleman of
very comfortable fortune, who has taken hold
of this business because he loves it, because it
is the kind of thing which suits his taste. All
these questions are to him questions of interest.
He is able upon such subjects, and he is de-
sirous to make a reputation iu connection with
them. He devoted himself with great assiduity
to the duty before him. Well, sir, he got his
report ready and brought it to Washington.
Before anybody saw it hardly certain intima-
tions were sent out from here—I saw them
myself—in letters of correspondents and tele-
graphic dispatches that the commissioner's
bill was here and it was a free-trade tariff; we
were going ^o have a free-trade tariff, and the
Senator from Maine and the Secretary of the
Treasury and the commissioner were alluded
to as getting up a free-trade tariff. I had not
known anything about it at that time; had
not seen it, and had not expressed an opinion,
and have not, I believe, on the subject, except
as the report of the committee expresses my
opinion. He was denounced as a free-trader,
and a man who had sold himself for British
gold. Pretty soon his tariff scheme came out,
or it was ascertained what it was—that instead
of being a free-trade measure it was a very
considerable advance upon the tariff of 1864,
which was anything but a free-trade tariff;
that although not quite up to the House tariff
bill, it was an advance upon the last one; and
the duties in it are so very high in some par-
ticulars that now the other side, the free-trad-
ers, turn round and say he is bought by the
protectionists. Well, if he has been bought
on both sides perhaps he has a profitable
business of it. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, let me say that men in public life
must stand these things; but I want to say of
the special commissioner of the revenue, be-
cause I feel bound to say it, that I believe
there has been no man more devoted to the
public service in the line which he has adopted,
or one who has given his time more honestly
and more thoroughly to the investigation of
the subjects committed to his charge. He has
come to conclusions which are satisfactory to
himself, not perhaps in all particulars to the
Committee on Finance, for we have varied
from them in many particulars, but such as
he honestly believed to be true and for the
best interests of the community; and this is
his reward! Why? Because, in the first place,
he was supposed to run against the personal
interests of the protectionists, but now he runs
against the interests of the importers.
Well, sir, I came to the conclusion long ago
that the only thing we can do decently in rela-
tion to all these matters is to just go along and
legislate according to our own belief of what
is true and just and right and for the best in-
terests of the country. We shall make mis-
takes undoubtedly; I expect to .make a great
many, as I have heretofore; but at any rate
whatever comes we shall retain our own self-
respect, and all these little, miserable attacks
from interested parties for their own personal
objects will be but the merest brutum fulmen
in the world, and will disappear like mist in
the face of the honest discharge of duty, and
the people will do justice to faithful public
servants.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the bill of the Senate "
(S. No. 311) for the relief of James Pool.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 431) pro-
viding for the punishment of certain crimes
therein mentioned in the District of Columbia,
and for other purposes, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the-
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
joint resolution (H. R. No. 229) to procure a
site for a building to accommodate the post
office and United States courts in New York
city; and the enrolled bill (H. R. No. 964) in
regard to the compensation of route agents in
the Post Office Department.
ORDER or BUSINESS.
Mr. POLAND. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 598, to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States.
Mr. LANE. There is a motion to take
up the bankrupt bill, and the Niagara ship-
canal bill is antagonized with it. I am equally
opposed to both, and therefore I move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. POLAND. I beg the gentleman to
withdraw his motion, so that we may have a
vote on the motion I have submitted. If the-
motion to adjourn is not withdrawn. I hope
the Senate will vote it down.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With the
permission of the Senator from Indiana and
of the Senate, before putting the motion to
adjourn, the Chair will announce the signing
of the following enrolled joint resolution and
bill:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 229) to pro-
cure a site for a building to accommodate the
post office and United States courts in New
York city ;• and
A bill (H. R. No. 964) in regard to the
compensation of route agents in the Post Office
Department.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will also, with the permission of the Senate,
lay before the Senate certain House bills for
rcfcrcncc.
The bill (H. R. No. 431) providing fot the
punishment of certain crimes therein named
in the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses, and the bill (H. R. No. 571) to regulate
proceedings before justices of the peace in the
District of Columbia, and for other purposes,
were read twice by their titles, and referred to
the Committee on th? District of Columbia.
The bill (H. R. No. 896) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year
ending 30th June, 1867, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
The PRESIDENT jpro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. LANE. I do not know how it is that
bills are presented after my motion to adjourn.
I made a motion to adjourn, and it seems to
me that is the first motion to be put.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
is certainly correct. The Chair, however, stated
that with the permission of the Senator from
Indiana and of the Senate, before putting the
