1316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
enforced, the Chair will direct the Dofirkcepcr
to admit none but persons entitled to come on
the floor of the House.
Mr. BOSS. I merely ask f«r a more fair
distribution.
The SPEAKER. • The Doorkeeper will
enforce the rales.
The pending question was upon concurring
in the amendments of the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield fifteen minutes
of my time to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Boutwell.]
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, I hope I
shall not find it necessary to occupy so many
as fifteen minutes. I am aware that the pro-
visions of this bill have already been discussed
very thoroughly by this House, and I have had
my full share of the opportunity for discussion.
If I did not believe that this bill, in the form
in which it now comes to us from the Senate,
was fraught with great and permanent danger
to the country I would not attempt to resist
further its passage.
But I ask the House to consider the position
in which we are placed at the present time. I
make a remark which seems to be necessary,
but not for any party purpose. Yet I cannot
reach the object I have in view without staling
a fact of a party nature. That fact is that the
majority hero, representing the majority of the
loyal people of this country, has the control of
this Government for a period of two years or
more. We have every reason to believe that
loyal ascendency in this country will be con-
tinued.
In any event, in those two years we ought to
be able, and I am sure we shall be able, to
reconstruct this Government upon a loyal basis.
But in any event, nothing worse can happen to
us, and nothing worse can happen to the coun-
try, than the reconstruction of the Govern-
ment on a disloyal basis. If it is to bo recon-
structed upon a disloyal basis, there are two
things which I seek; lirst, that wo who believe
ourselves to be loyal to the Government, and
to tl-jo country shall not in any degree re-
sponsible for the reconstruction of this Gov-
ernment in the hands of disloyal men; and
secondly, that if it is to bo the fortune of this
country that it shall be reconstructed upon a
disloyal basis arid by the agency and undciithe
control of' disloyal men, then I desire to post-
pone that calamity to the latest day possible.
I say, then; that if during this session, or
during the existence of the Fortieth Congress,
the majority act according to its means and its
opportunities, it cannot fail to secure the recon-
struction of these ten States and their restora-
tion to the Union through the agoncy of loyal
men and by loyal means.
My objection to tho proposed substitute of the
Senate is fundamental, it is conclusive. It pro-
vides, if not in terms, at least in fact, by the
measures which it proposes to reconstruct those
State governments at once through the agency
of disloyal men. And I say that great fact,
which if this substitute shall bo concurred in
will be near to us, ought to restrain us from
any action in favor of this measure, though we
be compelled 011 tho 4th of March next to part
■without having done anything whatever for tho
restoration of those States.
I do not believe that the people of this coun-
try are prepared to accept any measure of res-
toration which looks to the reintroduction of
disloyal men, first, into the governments of the
ten States, and then into the Government of
this country. If that be their feeling, I say it
is our duty, standing here with power in our
hands to-day, to resist the reconstruction of
these ten States through any such agency or
with any such certain result near at hand.
I pass over the provisions in the second sec-
tion of this substitute, bv which all power is put
into the hands of the President of the United
States, with the remark that the House bill
gave authority to the General of the Army, of
which by the amendment he is deprived. The
civil rights bill, if it be enforced by the Presi-
dent according to its terms and its intention,
he being the Commander in-Chief of the Army,
is sufficient for the protection of liberty, of per-
sons, of rights, and of life throughout these
ten States. Aud if that be so, the necessity
for the passage of a military bill, with power in
the hands of the General of the Army, for the
government of the southern States arises from
the fact that the President thus far has failed
to exercise the, power conferred on him by the
civil rights bill. By that remark I do not say
whether he is guilty or not of any neglect of
duty. But he has not used the power which
the laws of the country have placed in his
hands for the protection of the loyal people of
the ten States recently in rebellion. Until
you have some assurance that the vast powers
which he already possesses are to be exercised
in behalf of loyalty and justice and life, will
you clothe him anew, will you give him addi-
tional power, will you give to him entire and
unrestricted control of the Army, when he
now has power enough to do that which we
desire to have done, if ho did not for some
purpose, or under some influence, neglect to
exercise the authority which he already pos-
sesses ?
I come now to that provision of the proposed
substitute which is even of graver import—I
refer to tho provision found in the fourth sec-
tion, wherein we give up to the present leaders
of the South the business of reorganizing State
governments. Under the substitute no one
man, from Jefferson Davis, if he be released
from Fortress Monroe, down to tho humblest
soldier that trained in tho armies of the rebel-
lion, or practiced the nefarious business of a
guerrilla, is deprived of the right of suffrage.
The fifth section of this bill proposes, in
effect, if not in terms, universal amnesty and
tho restoration to political power, as far as tho
franchise is concerned, of every man in these
ten States. Tho ponding constitutional amend-
ment deprives certain persons of the right to
hold office ; but the power of this Government
and the power of tho Stale:; is not in tho right
of individuals to hold office, but it is in the
immensely superior power of the people to
elect to office, and in tho assurance that tho
men elected to office will represent the men
by whom they are elected. By the bill as now
amended you transfer the reorganization of
those ten States to the rebels; you give to reb-
els tho chief places in the work of reconstruc-
tion, possessing, as they do for the time being,
the moans of influence, of trust; and submit-
ting all authority to them, you expect them to
reconstruct loyal State governments.
Now is tho time when we ought to cherish
and nourish the loyal sentiment of the people.
We ought to see to it that the men under whose
guidance these States are to be reconstructed
shall be loyal men. We ought to exclude from
the business of reconstructing South Carolina,
for example, the Orrs, the Pickens, the Ma-
graths, and all those who participated in the
rebellion, and seek out tho loyal men. Let
them be the standard-bearers of the Kepublic ;
lot them rally the loyal people, black and
white, to the standard of the Union. But on
tho other hand, this bill leaves the whole mat-
ter of reconstruction open to anybody and
everybody in the southern country who may
choose to engage in the work. Tho result will
be that in these several States the ancient
rebel party will resist reconstruction for a
time; but when they see that it is inevitable
in a particular State they will take the busi-
ness into their owij- hands, and they will recon-
struct governments according to their own
ideas, with their own men in places of power
and trust. They will then come here with
every condition-precedent fully satisfied.
Every black man will be secured in the right
to vote. When we have passed this bill the
controlling rebel party will organize the States
soon or late in their own interest. They will
have the control of the militia ; they will have
the control of the polls; and do you expect
that the negroes, unaccustomed to political
struggles, timid, careworn, broken down in
spirit to some degree by the institution of
slavery, can in five or ten years overthrow
these rebels and deprive them of the places of
power which they possess, even though the
negroes and the loyal whites should be a
majority in those States ?
Hence, Mr. Speaker, by this bill in its pres-
ent form we shall exchange power to recon-
struct these governments in the interest of
loyalty and accent in its place mere paper; we
exchange "authority for promises ; we neglect
to do our own duty in the work of reconstruc-
tion in the vain hope that men who have been
rebels will do in the interest of loyalty and the
Government that which we ourselves, intrusted
with vast powers fojr the public good, are either
afraid to do or incapable, of doing.
These, in brief, are my objections to the
passage of this bill. So great, so enormous
do the objections appear that by no process of
reasoning can I overcome them. I see the
three million newly-emancipated slaves of the
South surrendered over again to the control
of their former masters, when we have the
power, by following in some form of language
the bill which we passed here with reference
to Louisiana the other day, to reconstruct these
governments through the agency of loyal men,
in the interest of loyalty, and thus to make
this Government compact and firm as one great
republican State with many members, in which
everywhere loyalty shall be triumphant and
treason shall be made odious.
Mr. STEVENS. I now yield ten minutes
to the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. STOKES. Mr. Speaker, I am much
obliged to the gentleman from Pennsylvania for
yielding the floor to me. I regard this, sir,
as one of the most important measures that
has ever been submitted to the House of Rep-
resentatives. I have been looking on here now
for nearly two years, watching and listening
to the discussions and action upon the vari-
ous propositions submitted for the reconstruc-
tion of the rebel State governments. It has,
I thought, been understood all the time that
when these States were reconstructed it should
bo done upon a loyal basis; that the loyal peo-
ple of these States should rule and control the
State governments. I have expected and be-
lieved this Congress, this radical Congress as
it is called, would never reconstruct these State
governments until it was done upon tho true
loyal basis. But what do 1 find? I find in this
bill which has come from the Senate universal
amnesty and universal suffrage.
Sir, is this to be the basis of reconstruction ?
Some gentlemen say to me this bill does not
enfranchise the rebels. I can neither read nor
understand the English language if it does not
enfranchise every rebel in the southern Slates,
and for one I will never cast my vote to place
the government of these States in the hands
of rebels so that they may exercise power over
true loyal men. Pass this bill and where are
your loyal men? White and black, they go
under. Yes, sir, I repeat they go under.
Non-concurin the amendment of the Senate!
Some gentlemen say it will endanger the bill
and we will get nothing. I would rather have
nothing if these governments are reconstructed
in a way that will place the rebels over Union
men. I prefer the defeat of the bill rather
than to have it pass in this shape. Pass the
military bill as I voted for it the other day, and
as it was submitted by my friend from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Steven's.] That is the first
thing to be done in the way of reconstruction.
It is to place those States under the iron rule
of the military. Send officers and men there
who will do justice and protect the loyal men,
white and black. When thatis done the Louisi-
ana bill or something like that can be brought
forward, and then reconstruction will take place
upon a solid loyal foundation. Then, 1 say,
place these governments under military rule.
Protect the loyal men until they can organize
a government of undoubted loyalty.
Where do you find the word " loyal" in this
amendment as it comes from the Senate? It
admits rebels to the ballot. Do that, and where
is the Union element in the South? Where
are they in my State? We have disfranchised
