352
wm > GGNG^DssiemL. GLom. •
January;18,
motion to adjoarn, the: Chair would armoanee'
the signing of: certain enrolled bills> and adso
lay-certain House bills before the Senate-; No
objection wasmade. The Chair thereforewent
on* It was the privilege of - the Senator, cer-
tainly , to insist on his motionif he chose.
■--Mr. LANE. I will now-withdraw the motion
ifjgentlemen want.to take."Opanything else.
• Mr. SHERMAN. I-should like to have a
short executive session.
The P RESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to adjournis .withdrawn.
bankrupt bill.
• Mr. POLAND. My motion to take up the
bankrupt bill is now in order,-1 believe.
'The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
motion now before the Senate. The question
il'oh proceeding to the consideration of the bill
indicated by the.'Senator from Vermont.
The motion was agreed to;
executive session.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and; after sometime spent therein,
the doors were reopened; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 18, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. 0. H. Tiffany; D. D., of Chicago,
Illinois.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
post routes in michigan.
Mr. UPSON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on th e Post Office- aaid
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of establish'ilii? post routes as follows: From
ghinoa Prairie, in Kalamazoo county, Michigan, to
lieonidas, in St. Joseph county; also from Gnles-
burg, in said Kalamazoo county, via Pavilion Mills
and Brown's Mill, to Mendon, in St. Joseph county;
and to report by bill or otherwise.
agricultural bureau.
Mr. RITTER. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following preamble and resolution
fot consideration at this time:
Whereas it is in the judgment of this House im-
proper and a departure from the intention and design
of Congress, in the establishment of the Bureau of
Agriculture, for the Commissioner to purchase for
distribution seeds that are common in the country:
Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture be,
and they are hereby, instructed to report a bill re-
stricting and prohibiting the, said Commissioner from
the purchase for distribution of any seeds, plants, or
flowers that are common in the United States; and
that they have leave to report by bill,otr otherwise.
Mr. SPALDING. I must object to this
resolution unless it be modified so as to instruct
the committee to inquire into the expediency
of so reporting a bill.
Mr. RITTER. I will modify my resolution
as suggested.
The preamble and resolution as modified
were then agreed to.
jurisdiction of court of claims.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I have
been requested to ask leave to introduce the
following joint resolution, for reference to the
Committee on the Judiciary.-
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Ameriea in Oonqrrss assembled.
That the jurisdiction of the act entitled "An act to
restrict the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, and to
provide for the payment of certain demands for quar-
termaster stores and subsistence supplies furnished
to the Army of the United States, approved July 4,
1861," be, and the same is hereby, extended to the
counties of Frederick, Warren, Clarke, Shenandoah,
Page, and Rockingham, in the State of Virginia.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent at this time.
Mr. CULLOM: I object.
constitutional amendment kentucky.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a let-
ter from the Governor of Kentucky, announ-
cing the rejection by that State of the constitu-
tional amendment; whieh was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
a. d. more?.
The SPEAKER also laid before the-Hou-se
a communication from the Attorney General,
transmitting, in compliance with the resolution
of the House of January 14, 18G7, the papers
relative to the case of A. D. Morey, indicted
in the local court at Vieksburg, Mississippi;
which was referred -to the Committee on Mili-.
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
internal revenue drawback regulations.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in compliance with the
resolution of the House of January 15, 1867,
copies of all drawback regulations which have
been prescribed under the internal revenue law;
which was referred to the Committeeof Ways'
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
contingent-fund 01' treasury. department.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting statements cf the dis-
bursement of the contingent fund of the various<
offices of his Department, as required by, the
twentieth sectionof the act of August 26,1842;
whieh was laid upon the table, and ordered to
be printed.
order of business.
Mr. BENJAMIN called for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. This being private bill
day, the first business in order is the consider-
ation of reports of a private character from
committees. On Saturday last, being private
bill day, the House granted to the Committee
for the District of Columbia an additional hour
for their business, and that committee is now-
in order to make reports.
transportation and coal company.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the bill pending at the
expiration of the morning hour on yesterday,
being a private bill reported by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Wklkeb] from the Committee
for the District of Columbia, with an amend-
ment, being bill of the House No. 592, to in-
corporate the Washington Transportation and
Coal Company.
The bill was read at length.
The amendment reported from the committee
was to add to section three the words "and the
laws of the States respectively.
Mr. PRICE. I would inquir^of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Welker] how this
amendment will affect the bill.
Mr. WELKER. It provides that in the
transaction of business outside of the District
this corporation shall be governed and con-
trolled by the laws of the State in which the
business shall be transacted.
Mr. PRICE. That is all right enough. I
thought it had reference to two other points to
which I had intended to call the attention of
the committee reporting this bill.
Mr. IIISE. I desire to offer an amendment
to this bill to the effect that the corporators
and stockholders of this company shall be
severally and generally responsible for all the
debts and trespasses of this company.
Mr. WELKER. I cannot yield for any such
amendment. The bill already provides that
the stockholders shall be liable to the amount
of stock thev have subscribed.
Mr. HISE. I must vote against the bill
unless qualified as I have proposed, and I
would like an opportunity to state to the House
my reasons for that vote.
Mr. WELKER. I must decline to yield for
that purpose.
Mr. PRICE. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Welker] whether it
would not be better, in that clause of the bill
which provides that the stockholders shall
have the power to make such by-laws as they
may deem proper, to add the words " not-
inconsistent with the charterarid further
whether in that part of the bill which binds the
stockholders for the amount of their stock, it
would not be better to insert the" usual require-
ment in acts of incorporation and:.mabe the
stockholders liable for twice the amount of
their stock. I suggest to the gentleman that
he had better allow something of this kind to
go into the bill if he wishes it to be passed.
Mr. WELKER. I am willing to yield for
the first amendment which the gentleman sug-
gests; but I cannot consent to the second
amendment which he proposes.
Mr. PRICE. Then I hope that the House
will not sustain the call for the previous ques-
tion and will vote down the bill; for no act.
of incorporation ought to pass here or else-
where unless the stockholders of the bank,
railroad company, or other corporation are
bound for twice the amount of their stock.
No other rule is safe.
Mr. WELKER. I will allow the gentleman
to offer the amendment. If the House desires
its adoption I, will interpose no objection.
Mr. PRICE. Then I offer the following
amendment:
After the word " prescribe," in the second ssetion,
insert the words " not inconsistent with this charter."
In the same section strike out the word-"full,"and
insert in lieu thereof the word " double," so as to road
"double the amount of their stock."
Mr. WILSON', of Iowa. I ask the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Welker] to yield to me
a-moment for a: single suggestion.
Mr. WELKER. I will do so.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to call the attention of the committee
and the House to one very singular fact in con-
nection with this bill and numerous other bills
that have been reported from the committee
creating corporations in the District of Colum-
bia. The names of the corporators in this bill
seem to be very familiar to ine. Almost every
bill whieh has been reported forthe incorpora-
tion of a company in thisi district has contained
one or more or all of these names. There
seems to be an effort made to consolidate in
the hands of a few persons in this District cor-
porate powers for every business purpose of
the District. Now, sir, I for one object to
consolidating in the hands of a few individuals
powers to build up monopolies which shall
embrace all branches of business. 'The opera-
tions contemplated in this bill are to extend to
the article of fuel.
There is another thing that strikes me as
very singular in connection with this bill. If
I have understood it correctly as read by the
Clerk, it proposes to continue in the hands of
the first board of directors perpetual succession.
In other words, the board of directors may by
their own vote fill all vacancies occurring ia
the board. Sir, I hope that the House will hesi-
tate before passing any more bills of this kind.
This bill does not contemplate any operations
in this District beyond the sale of coal. The
coal fields lie beyond the District. It is pro-
posed that we shall charter a company for the
purpose of operating roads and canals and
bringing coal in here, so as to monopolize the
coal trade of this District.
Now, sir, unless the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Welker,] who has reported this bill, can
give some very good reason for the establish-
ment of a monopoly of this kind, and some
very good reason for the incorporation of the
favored individuals named in all these bills that
have been reported, and .some good reason for
placing in the hands of this board of directors
a power of perpetual succession, I hope the
House will either defeat the bill by a direct
vote or lay it on the table.
Mr. WELKER. In reply to the gentleman
from Iowa, I will say that I do not know any
reason why the names of the same individuals
are inserted in these bills of incorporation. It
may be that these gentlemen are the capitalists
of the District of Columbia and the only indi-
viduals who make application for acts of incor-
poration to carry on business of this kind.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I think I might
