1818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
that what the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] and the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Bootwell] have said is mere
bugaboo and scarecrow,,because the inquest is
left in our hands, plenary and absolute. And
that inquest goes to every fact and every cir-
cumstance connected with the formation of the
new constitution. If in the judgment of Con-
gress any State constitution presented to it for
examination and approval shall enfranchise
rebels and endanger the stability of the State
government by permitting it to fall in the
hands of rebels, Congress I assume with all
confidence will not approve it. But that ques-
tion is one for the fortieth Congress or some
other to determine ; and, as a member of the
Fortieth Congress, speaking for myself alone,
I am not afraid to trust the subject to their
decision.
After the constitution shall have been ap-
proved by Congress, what then ? I wish to call
the attention of the House to the fact that the
constitutions of these States are to be examined
separately, and not altogether. And if the
new constitution of the State of Arkansas, for
instance, shall be approved by Congress, then
her people are to elect a Legislature uuder
that constitution, and then it is required that
that Legislature shall adopt the amendment
to the Constitution proposed by Congress at
its last session and give its assent to it in a
valid and legal and binding form.
Aud what is next to be done? Thereupon
Arkansas is to elect Senators and Representa-
tives. And whom may they elect? Can they
send rebels here? Not so; they must send
those hero who can take the oaths prescribed
by law; to take tho iron-clad oath," as it is
called.
Therefore I submit, in all candor, that by
passing this bill Congress will not take one
slop toward placing the government of these
ten States in the hands of the rebels. Con-
gress is still to hold tho entire subject in its
control for subsequent inquest, examination,
and approval. And for Congress to be afraid
i.u do this much is not to distrust the rebels
but to distrust itself, and the objection of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania and the gentle-
man Irom Massachusetts is nothing but a dis-
trust of Congress itself, aud when the gentle-
man frem Pennsylvania talks about Congress
disgracing itself by passing this bill I would call
his attention to the fact that the actiou of the
Senate does not justify his assertion. If it is
proper to refer to the action of the Senate upon
this subject, i would say that there was not one
Senator there it¥ any way connected with the
Jtadical or Republican party who voted against
it. J t at all events met the approval of every
member of our party in that body who voted.
If there were any who entertained similar views
to those of the gentlemen from Pennsylvania
and Massachusetts, they did not stand up and
express them, or record their votes against this
amendment.
And I say here that tho proposition of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, for a conference
in which this whole matter may be fixed up in
two hours, is a delusion. Jt is very easy for
gentlemen to talk about fixing up in two hours
that toward which they have not been able to
do anything in two months. A proposition
now to send this subject to a conference com-
mittee is simply a proposition to do nothing,
nothing whatever at this session of Congress.
And I beg gentlemen on this side of the House
and on all sides, who look to any measure
that shall guaranty a republican form of gov-
ernment in the rebel States with universal
suffrage for loyal men, to vote for this bill as
it came from the Senate.
Mr. Speaker, I now yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, the
bill now before the House does not embrace
all upon the subject of reconstruction that I
should be glad to have embraced in it. But,
sir. it seems to me that this is the last oppor-
tunity we shall have during the present session
vf Congress to enact anything upon this sub-
ject; and I feel the importance of some affirm-
ative action upon the part of Congress with
which to antagonize the policy established by
the President of the United States. There-
fore, notwithstanding this bill falls short of
what I desire, I shall vote to concur in the.
amendment of the Senate; and, sir, before I
am called upon to cast my vote, I purpose to
state some reasons upon which I will base it.
The Committee on Reconstruction reported
to this House a bill, which was passed and sent
to the Senate for the purpose, as they told us,
of affording protection to the loyal people of
the rebel States. We are now told that the
bill thus reported by that committee and passed
by this House will not afford that protection.
Why, then, did that committee report it to this
House, why did they ask us to pass it, if it was
not sufficient in its provisions to afford the pro-
tection the committee told us it would? We
took the committee at its word, and passed the
bill for the purpose of protecting the loyal
people of the southern States, as the commit-
tee assured us it would protect them. And
now, after that actiou, after we have followed
the lead of the committee, we are told this
morning by the chairman of the committee on
the part of the House, [Mr. Stevens,] and an-
other member of tho committee, [Mr. Bout-
well,] that the measure will afford no such pro-
tection, and that it is a mere piece of legisla-
tive mischief. I cannot understand this singu-
lar conduct of the members of tho committee.
I cannot see how these two positions are to be
made to harmonize. I leave that task to those
who occupy them. I believe to-day, as I be-
lieved when I voted for the bill on its passage,
that its provisions will afford the protection
designed by those who support it. Therefore
I shall vote for it again to-day.
Now, sir, I wish to call the attention of the
House, and especially the members of the
Committee on Reconstruction who are oppos-
ing this bill, to one feature of the case as it is
presented to us; and 1 also call the attention
of the eloquent gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Stokiss] to the same point. The third
section of the bill as it passed the House, and
as it remains in the bill as returned from tho
Senate, reads as follows :
That it shall bo tho duty of each officer assigned as
nforosaid to protect alt persons in their rights of por-
son and proporty, to suppress insurrection, disorder,
and violonco, and to punish, 01 cause to bo punished,
alhlisturbers of tho puhlio peace and criminals, and
to this end ho may allowcivil tribunals to tako juris-
diction of and to try offenders, or, when in his judg-
ment it may bo necossary for tho trial of offenders,
ho shall have power to organize military commissions
or tribunals for that purposo, anything in tho consti-
tution and laws of the so-called States to tho con-
trary notwithstanding; and all legislative or judicial
proceedings, or prooessos to prevent or control the
proceedings ot said military tribunals, and all inter-
ference by said pretended State governments with
tho oxcrciso of military authority under this act
shall bo void and of no effect. ^
Now, sir, one of tho rights in the enjoyment,
of which the people of the southern States are
to be protected is the "right of the people
peaceably to assemble and to petition the Gov-
ernment for a redress of grievances." This is
one of the rights which the military forces of
the United States are to protect or enforce in
tho insurgent districts. Now, sir, lot the loyal
people of Virginia, white and black, assemble
in convention in such manner as tliey may
elect, frame a constitution of government re-
publican in form and fact, disfranchise such
portion of the rebel population as they may
see proper; secure by their constitution the
right of suffrage to white men and black men
loyal to the Government of the United States,
and present, their constitution to the Congress
of the United States for acceptance, and they
will find friends enough here to receive their
petition, consider their constitution, affirm
their action, and guaranty to the State of Vir-
ginia the republican government thus formed
by the true loyalists of the State. This bill
presents a liberal plan to the loyal people of
that State upon which they may act under the
protection of the military arm of this Repub-
lic in the formation of a State government of
.just such character as may to them seem best.
But it may be said, as was remarked by the
gentleman from Massachusetts; [Mr. Botjt-
wbll,] that the loyal people will not be left
thus to act of their own will, because the local
authority is left in the hands of the rebels, who
now possess the local governments organized
under the direction of the President of the
United States. This is a mistake. One of
the leading features of the bill—I refer not
merely to the preamble but to the body of the
bill—is to declare that in all the rebel States
there now exists no legal governments. If no
legal government exists there, I want to know
by what authority any person administers or can
administer the powers of a local civil govern-
ment there to the oppression of the loyal people ?
The governments there are declared to be set
aside by the very terms of the bill; and, sir, it
is the first proposition ever presented to Con-
gress in which this body and the Senate have
declared the illegality of governments estab-
lished by the President of the United States in
these States. This alone is sufficient to com-
mend this bill to every one who refuses to
acknowledge the usurpations of the President
in the establishment of the governments whose
existence is destroyed by this bill. Tt is made
the duty of the military force there to protect
the people in the enjoyment of their rights.
The door is open wide enough to admit the
loyalty of the rebel States to complete and per-
manent control of their several States. The
setting aside of the presidential organizations "
which pretend to govern, while they really op-
press, the loyal citizens of those States, is a
great point gained. We should not throw this
opportunity away because it does not bring to
us all that we desire. We may now gain very
much, and allin the right direction. We may
now relieve tho loyal of the oppression of the
disloyal, overturn the pretended governments
of the rebel States, place the ballot in the
hands of all of our friends, and teach those
who have been basking in presidential sun-
shine that Congress is yet a power which can
and will control the work of reconstruction.
Mr. Speaker, there is another reason why we
should adopt this amendment of the Senate. If
gentlemen will carefully read the case of Luther
vs. Borden, 7 Howard's Reports, page 43, they
will find there is to-day lodged in the hands of
the persons occupying the position of Gov-
ernors in the rebel States power to present to
the President a case in which the Supreme
Court of the United States could declare the
recognition by the President of existing gov-
ernments there binding upon all departments
of tho General Government.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman's
time will be extended.
There was no objection. ♦
, Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Let me read from
the decision of the Supreme Court in the case
to which I have referred:
"It rested with Congress, too, to determine upon
tho means proper to bo adopted to fulfill this guaran-
tee. They might, if they had deemed it most advisa-
blo to do so, have placed it in the power of a court to
decide when the contingency had happened which
roquired the Federal Government to interfere. But
Congress thought otherwise, and no doubt wisely; and
by tho act of February 28,1795, provided, that 'in case
of an insurrection in any State against tho govern-
ment, thereof, it shall be lawful for the President of
tho United States, on application of the Legislature
of such State or of the Executive, (when the Legisla-
ture cannot bo convened,) to call forth such number
of the militia of any other State or States, as may be
applied for, as he may judge sufficient to suppress such
insurrection.'
" By this act tho power of deciding whether the
exigency had arisen upon which tho Government of
the United States is bound to interfere is given to the
President. He is to act upon the application of the
Legislature or of the Executive, and consequently he
must determine what body of men constitute the Le-
gislature, and who is the Governor, before he can act.
The fact that both parties claim the right to the gov-
ernment cannot alter the case, for both cannot be
entitled to it. If there is an armed conflict, like the
one ot which we are speaking, it is a case of domestic
violence, and ono of the parties must be in insurrec-
tion agamst the lawful government. And tho Presi-
dent must, of necessity, decidc which is the govern-
ment, and which party ia unlawfully arrayed against
it, before ho can perform tho duty imposed upon him
by the act of Congress."
