354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January, 18,
Mr. WELKER. I demand the previous
question on the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to lay the
bill upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. "WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was laid upon the
table; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
-The latter motion was agreed to. .
PINKING FUND.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, from the Committee on Banking
and Currency, reported back a bill to authorize
the issue of Treasury notes, not bearing interest,
to be used in providing a sinking fund for the
extinguishment of the national debt, with a sub-
stitute ; and moved that the bill be recommitted,
and, with the substitute, ordered to be printed.
- The m'otion was agreed to.
; Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
fire and marine insurance company.
Mr. MERCUR, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back, with sun-
dry amendments, bill of the Senate No. 98, to
incorporate the Metropolitan Fire and Marine
Insurance Company of the District of Colum-
bia.
The bill was read.
The amendments reported by the committee
were then agreed to.
Mr. WENT WORTH. I ask the gentleman
to allow me to have inserted in the list of cor-
porators the name of John D. Johnson.
Mr. MERCUR. I will accept that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
accept an amendment to a bill reported from
a committee. The amendment can be made
by unanimous consent or by a vote of the
House.
No objection being made, the amendment of
Mr. Wentwortii was agreed to.
Mr. MERCUR. I will, with the leave of
the House, state the general features of this
bill. This bill provides that this company shall
have a capital of not less than $100,000 nor
more than $1,000,000; that at the time of sub-
scribing to the stock the sum of twenty dollars
shall be paid in on each share of the stock sub-
scribed, and that the balance shall be secured
by mortgage, or notes indorsed, or bonds, which
shall be approved by the directors of the com-
pany. The bill further provides that twenty
dollars more on each share of stock subscribed
shall be paid in at such times as the directors
shall designate, not exceeding six months after
the company shall have commenced business.
It also provides that no dividends shall be made
by the company greater than six per cent.,
unless there shall be remaining on hand a sur-
plus of at least $20,000. There is another
clause by which it is provided that annual
statements showing all the affairs of the com-
pany shall be filed in the office of the Secre-
tary of the Interior; and that those statements
shall also be published for six weeks, as often
as once a week, in two of the daily newspapers
of the city of Washington.
Upon th'e question of security, this bill pro-
vides that the stockholders shall, in addition
to their stock, be liable to an additional amount,
not greater than the amount of capital stock
subscribed by them, for the debts and liabili-
ties of the company.
It is believed that all the safeguards are
thrown around this corporation which the in-,
terests of the public may require. Some of
them have been inserted in view of the dispo-
sition indicated by the House upon a former
bill of like character which was before it for
consideration.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I noticed, as the
Clerk was reading the bill, that there was a
provision in it declaring that no stockholder
shall beceme liable to the corporation or asso-
ciation as the drawer or indorser to an amount
greater than twenty per cent, of the amount
of the stock held by him.
Mr. MERCUR. I think the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Wilson] has misunderstood the bill
in that respect.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I have a very dis-
tinct recollection of hearing those words read.
Mr. MERCUR. The bill provides that no
stockholder shall be required to pay an assess-
ment of more than twenty per cent, of his sub-
scription at any one time. -
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I am satisfied I
heard what I have stated, in connection with
the words "drawer or indorser," and I could
not see the propriety of such a provision in
this bill, unless it rested upon another portion
of the bill, to wit: that part which declares
that the directors of this corporation shall have
the power to determine what use shall be made
of the profits of the association. Now it oc-
curred to me that by taking these two sections
of the bill together it might be discovered to
be the intention of these corporators to engage
in the business of banking.
Mr. MERCUR. They are expressly pro-
hibited from doing that.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I know there is a
limitation in the bill prohibiting them from
issuing notes to circulate as money. But
there is nothing there which prohibits them
from engaging in the exchange and broker-
age business, for instance. And therefore it
occurred to me that in that view of the case
it was very proper to provide that no stock-
holder shall become liable as a drawer or in-
dorser to more than twenty per cent, of his
stock. And if I am correct in my view of the
bill, it seems to me the House, in ostensibly
incorporating an insurance company, will not
be pleased to incorporate also a banking insti-
tution.
There is one other suggestion which I wish
to make to the gentleman. A corporation—
an insurance company for instance—incor-
porated in one State can transact business 
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired, and the bill goes over till to-morrow.
The Chair will state, in reply to some inquiry
which has been made why the Committee for
the District of Columbia has four morning
hours, that on Wednesday and Thursday of
this week the committee was called in regu-
lar order for public business. On last Satur-
day the House, by unanimous consent, when
the call for private business had reached the
Committee for the District of Columbia,
granted two morning hours to that committee.
Thus the committee lias four morning hours;
and this bill goes over as unfinished business
for to-morrow.
private calendar.
Mr. DELANO. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the Pri-
vate Calendar. I make this motion in obedi-
ence to the wish of the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 58, noes 40.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole (Mr. Price in
the chair) and proceeded to the consideration
of bills and joint resolutions on the Private
Calendar, as follows:
james pool.
An act (S. No. 311) for the relief of James
Pool.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Interior to pay to James
Pool $1,287 10. Pour hundred and eighty-
seven dollars and fifty cents of this amount
are to be paid out of any annuities or moneys
payable to the Senecas and Shawnee Indians,
if there be any, and if none, then the whole
sum is to be paid out of the Treasury of the
United States.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is there
no report in this case?
Mr. JOHNSON. There is no report made
to this House in this case. But the bill has
passed three times in the Senate, and I have
here the Senate report, which I ask the Clerk
to read.
The Clerk read the report. '
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
reimbursement to washington city.
An act (H. R. No. 710) to pay and dischargo
certain debts and expenditures to the corpora-
tion of the city of Washington.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to the proper
authorities of the city of Washington, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of $31,971 34, in full
for all claims which the city of Washington
now has against the United States on account
of moneys expended in improving the streets,
avenues, alleys, and public grounds in the city
of Washington, or for repairing any of the
bridges crossing the Potomac river prior to
May 5, 1864. Before paying this sum, the
mayor of the city of Washington is to present
to the Commissioner of Public Buildings an
a'ccount embracing each item of charge which
the city has against the United States for
expenditures herein referred to, which account
the Commissioner is to certify to be correet
and just.
The report was read. The committee state
that when the cjty of Washington was laid out
the proprietors gave to the United States
ten thousand one hundred and thirty-six build-
ing lots, with the understanding that "whatever
was realized from the sale of these lots wa3
to be spent for the joint benefit of the then
joint owners, the General Government and the
proprietors of the soil." Of these lota, six
thousand four hundred and eleven were sold
prior to the year 1802, and yielded $042,682 62.
Of this sum, $330,508 6G was applied toward
building the Capitol, and $240,632 87 toward
the erection of a Mansion for the Chief Magis-
trate of the United States.
Further receipts from the sale of these lots
were expended as follows: $25,000 were given
to each the Columbia and Georgetown col-
leges ; $10,000 each to the St. Vincent and
Washington Orphan Asylums in the District of
Columbia, and from time to time various sums
were expended in improving the property of the
General Government and in paying the salaries
and expenses of the Commissioner and Super-
intendent of Public Buildings and other officers
and employes.
After the General Government had realized
a large sum from these lots, said to amount to
nearly one million dollars, Congress, recog-
nizing the propriety of appropriating some por-
tion of the proceeds of these lots for improve-
ment of the city, did, by the fifteenth section
of an act passed May 15, 1820, provide—
" That the Commissioner of Public Buildings, or
other person appointed to superintend the United
States disbursements in the city of Washington,
shall reimburse to the corporation a just proportion
of any expense which may hereafter be incurred in
laying open, paying, or otherwise improving any of
the streets and avenues in front of or adjoining to or
which may pass through or between any of tho pub-
lic squares or reservations, which proportion shall
be determined by the comparison of the length of
the fronts of saii squares or reservations (property)
of tho United States, on any such street or avenue,
with the whole extent of the two sides thereof, (indi-
vidual property,) where the like improvements shall
bo ordered by tho corporation in front of such lots
adjoining or squares adjacent thereto; and he shall
defray the expenses directed by this act out of any
moneys arising from the sale of city lots, and from
no other fund."—-Slatutes-at-Large, vol. iii, p. 591.
Under this act the Commissioner of Public
Buildings, according to the testimony of the
gentleman now filling that office, (Hon. B. B.
French,) did pay the proportion of the Gen-
eral Government for all improvements in front
of the property of the United States until all
the city lots were sold and their proceeds ex-
hausted. This fund was exhausted in 1854.
Since and including the year 1854 the corpo-
ration of Washington has advanced and paid
(as is claimed) for the United States, on ac-
count of the improvement embraced in the act
of Congress before referred to, the sum of
$37,410 61, which remains unpaid because the
ftind arising from the sale of city lots, origin-
