1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1995
laws of the State of California, its successors
and assigns, for the construction of a railroad
from the city of Stockton to the town of Cop- i
peropolis, in the State of California, by the most !
feasible route, to be selected by the company; |
and the right is given to the company to take
from the public lands adjacent to the line of the
road material for its construction. The right 1
of way is granted to the extent of one hundred !
feet in width on each side of the road where it
may pass through the public domain, and also !
all necessary ground for station buildings,
workshops, side-tracks, &c.; but all the rights 1
conferred upon the company by this bill are
made upon the express condition that the com- !
pany shall first be designated by the Legisla-
ture of the State of California as the company
to be vested with the rights, privileges, fran-
chises, and grants created or conferred by this
act.
The bill further grants to the State of Cali-
fornia, for the purpose of aiding in the con-
struction of the railroad, every alternate sec-
tion of land designated by odd numbers to the
extent of five alternate sections of land on each
side of the railroad line as the company may
adopt.
The railroad, or any part of it, is to be a post
route and military railroad, subject to the use
of the United States for postal, military, naval,
and all other Government service, and also
subject to such regulations as Congress may
impose restricting the charges for such Gov- 1
ernment transportation, and all troops and
munitions of war of the United States are to '
be transported over the railroad free of all
expense or charge to the Government when-
ever it shall be required by the Government
of the United States.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I should like to ask the
Senator from California if it is customary for
the Government of the United States to cede
its coal and lumber lands for railroad pur-
poses, as provided in this bill?
Mr. CONNESS. This is drawn upon the
terms of all the bills we have passed in that
respect exactly.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It is customary, then, to
ccde coal and lumber lands for railroad pur-
poses?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and
was read the third time.
Mr. HENDERSON. I shall make no ob-
jection to the passage of this bill; but so far
as I could understand its reading—the bill has
not been printed 
Mr. CONNESS. Yes; it is printed and on
our tables.
Mr. HENDERSON. It was printed at the
last session. It has not been printed at this
session •
Mr. CONNESS. It is in print here.
Mr. HENDERSON. Since it came from
the House?
Mr. CONNESS. Just as it came from the
House.
Mr. HENDERSON. I .have not examined
it, and I suppose no other Senator has done so.
I make no opposition to it. The Senator need
not be at all uneasy. This is a road thirty-five
miles in length, and they are required only to
build ten miles a year. It will take about four
years for the construction of a thirty-five mile
road, keeping the lands withdrawn from mar-
ket during that length of time. There is only
the obligation to complete it by the year 1872.
That is certainly four and a half years from
the present time, nearly five years; and there
is another provision in it that if the road is not
completed the lands do not revert back to the
Government.
Mr. CONNESS. They do.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is not my under-
standing. It says the United States shall take
such course of action as will insure the com-
pletion of the road.
Mr. CONNESS. Not at all; the Senator
is entirely in error in that.
Mr. HENDERSON. As I understand, the
lands are given directly to the company, and
not to the State of California, and they are to
be certified at the end of every ten miles, so
that the company has a perfect right to go on
and convey lands and make a good title to
them. Therefore, if the road is not fully com-
pleted, of course the ten-mile tracts will have
been sold, and the only security that the Gov-
ernment can take, that I can see under any
circumstances, would be to forfeit the grant as
to the remaining quantity of land on the length
of the road not constructed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I call the attention of
the Senator from Missouri to the fact that at
the last session he was the champion of a bill
for a road running from Kansas City down
South with the same provisions, and running
within fifteen miles of another land-grant rail-
road.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am satisfied no such
provision existed in that bill. Do I under-
stand the Senator to say that the lands were
granted directly to the company?
Mr. HENDRICKS. They were granted to
the State for the benefit of a particular com-
pany.
Mr. CONNESS. That is the case here with
this change of terms: that the grant is not
made unless the Legislature of the State of
California shall designate this company.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Missouri, that as a lawyer he will
see the difference. In this case the grant is to
a company, but upon condition that the Legis-
lature of the State shall first designate that com-
pany as the one to enjoy the grant.
Mr. HENDERSON. An awkward affair.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Rather an awkward
mode, but the result we know. In the case the
Senator advocated the grant was to a State for
the benefit of a named company.
Mr. HENDERSON. And if the road was
not completed, then the land grant was for-
feited.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And the beneficiary
right of the company became fixed at once in
that case.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator listen
to the reading of a section of this bill?
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. The sixth section is in
these words:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That each and
every grant, right, and privilege are so made nnd
given to and accepted by said Stockton and Cop-
peropolis Railroad Company upon and subject to
the following conditions namely: thatthesaid com-
pany shall commence the work on said road within
two years from the approval of this act by the Pres-
ident, and shall complete not less than ten miles per
year after the second year, and shall construct, fur-
nish, equip, and complete the wholo road by the 4th
day of July, 1872; and upon a failure of said com-
pany to comply with either of said conditions, the
lands then unpatented to said company shall revert
to the United States.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is just what I
said: "the lands then unpatented;" and
after the second year only are they required
to complete ten miles of road per annum.
Mr. CONNESS. Those are the terms of
all the bills passed. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands of this body have examined this bill
carefully, and the honorable chairman declared
to me that it was the most carefully drawn bill
he had ever read.
Mr. HENDERSON. As I said before, I
do not rise for the purpose of objecting to the
passage of this bill, because the lands granted
will not be a very large quantity; but I do rise
for the purpose of objecting to any more legis-
lation to-night; and 1 give notice now, I care
not from what quarter a bill comes up, I shall
object to it after the passage of this bill; be-
cause there are but a few of us here on Sun-
day night, and there are various nominations
that we ought to attend to in executive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the passage of this bill.
The bill was passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. HENDERSON. I now move an execu-
tive session.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator withdraw
the motion for a moment?
Mr. HENDERSON. To pass a bill?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to any debate.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator withdraw
the motion for a moment?
Mr. HENDERSON. For what purpose?
Mr. WILSON. I want to make a statement
about a little bill of one section which has no
money in it or anything of that kind.
Mr. HENDERSON. I stated a while ago
that I would not consent to any more legisla-
tion to-night, and I shall have to insist on my
motion.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in the consideration of executive
business, the doors were reopened.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to the report of the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill of the House No. 1184, making appro-
priations for the construction, preservation,
and repairs of certain fortifications and other
works of defense for the year ending June
30, 18G8.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the £wo Houses on the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 226) extending the provisions of sec-
tion two of an act entitled "An act to extend
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, and to
provide for the payment of certain demands
for quartermasters' stores and subsistence sup-
plies furnished to the Army of the United
States," approved July 4, 1864.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bill and joint resolu-
tion of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 620) for the relief of Joshua
H. Butterworth; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 66) for the
relief of Joseph R. Morris.
* enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills and joint resolution; and they
were thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore of the Senate.
A bill (S. No. 543) to abolish and forever
prohibit the system of peonage in the Territory
of New Mexico and other parts of the United
States;
A bill (S. No. 563) supplementary to the
several acts of Congress abolishing imprison-
ments for debt;
A bill (S. No. 595) regulating the disposi-
tion of an irregular fund in the custody of the
Freedmen's Bureau ;
A bill (H. R. No. 896) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the yeai
ending 30th June, 1868; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 175) for tin
relief of Dyer B. Pettijohn.
cyrus w. field.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that the Senat 
proceed to the consideration of Senate joint
resolution No. 148, presenting the thanks of
Congress to Cyrus W. Field.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution. It proposes to
present the thanks of Congress to Cyrus W.
Field, of New York, for his foresight, cour-
age, and determination in establishing tele-
graphic communication by means of the Atlan
tic cable, traversing mid-ocean and connect-
ing the Old World with the New, and request*
flie President of the United States to causa
a gold medal to be otfuck, with suitable em-
blems, devices, and inscriptions, to be pre-
sented to Mr. Field. When the medal shall
have been struck, the President is to cause a
copy of this joint resolution to be engrossed
on parchment, and transmit the same, together
