1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1319
Suppose these governments in the so-called
rebel States should so oppress the loyal people
as to compel them to resort to arms against
the power which oppresses them, and the
Legislature of the State, or in its absence the
Governor, should call upon the President for
assistance,_ and he, acting under the authority
of the act of 1795, should send troops there to
aid in suppressing the alleged insurrection and
maintain order, I ask you whether in so doing
he might shield himself behind the act of 1795,
and the interpretation given to it by the Su-
preme Court, and place it beyond our power
to question successfully the regularity of his
proceedings. The act of 1795 is the law of the
land to-day. Congress has not as yet revoked
the power conferred on the President by its
terms. A case may at any time arise in one
of the rebel States which would afford the
President an opportunity to carry the question
of his power under the act cited to the Su-
preme Court, and secure a decision in support
of his position. The passage of this bill will
close this door against the President, and yet
gentlemen hesitate to pass it because it does
not contain everything which they may deem
desirable. This is not wisdom.
I repeat, in conclusion, that although this bill
does not attain all I desire%to accomplish, it
does embrace much upon which I have in-
sisted, and seems to be all we can get at this
session. It reaches far beyond anything which
the most sanguine of us hoped for a year ago.
It secures equal suffrage to all loyal men ; it
sets aside the pretended governments which
now abuse power in the rebel States; it insists
on the ratification of the constitutional amend-
ment, under the operation of which all the
rebels who now occupy official position in the
States affected by this bill will be rendered
ineligible to office, State or national; it pre-
sents an affirmative policy on the part of Con-
gress hostile to that of the President; it dem-
onstrates the ability of Congress to agree upon
a given line of future action ; and finally it
reserves' to Congress jurisdiction over the
whole case when the people of any southern
disorganized State may present a constitution
and ask for admission to this body as a part
of the governing power of the nation. There
is too much of good in this to be rejected. I
will vote to concur in the amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I shall
vote very cheerfully for the bill as it comes
from the Senate ; and I shall neither ask par-
don of nor offer apology to any man- in this
House or out of it for the vote that I shall
record. My object in rising now is not so
much to vindicate the bill as it comes to us
from the Senate as it is to expose the animus
with which gentleman assail the bill here,
coming as they do from the Reconstruction
Committee.
There is not one word in this bill that has
not at one time or ahother received the sanc-
tion of that committee, save the provision for
general and equal suffrage ; and yet gentlemen
stand here now and undertake to eat up their
own words and ask the House to cat up theirs.
What is there in the bill except general suf-
frage that has not received the sanction of that
committee? I ask the gentlemen to answer
that question to their constituents.
In the first place, all that precedes the fifth
section of the bill has been reported by the
Reconstruction Committee to the House and
voted for by the members of that committee
and by an overwhelming majority ot this
House. As to the fifth section, every word of
it, in substance and in fact, except the pro-
vision for general and equal suffrage, as I said
the other day when I was addressing the House,
was voted for in that committee by as unani-
mous a vote as ever a measure received in it; it
was reported, with the exception named, by the
committee to this House at its last session; it
went to the country, and gentlemen here, many
of them, are indebted to it for their seats in this
Hall as Representatives-elect to the Fortieth
Congress. That bill only differs from this in
this respect, that this prescribes the mode and
manner in which-persons shall vote, and gives
the privilege of the elective franchise to the
whole body of the people. In so far, there is
not a republican member of that committee
who dare say, in view of the record made up
in the committee, that the amendment did not
meet his approval, not one. What was the
bill as it came to the House last session ? Why,
sir, it was this—and let the press publish it to
the people when they undertake to make up
this issue between us—that whenever the con-
stitutional amendment, recited in the fifth sec-
tion of this bill as it comes to us from the
Senate, should have become a part of the Con-
stitution of the United States, and any State
lately in insurrection should have ratified the
same and should, have conformed its constitu-
tion and laws thereunto, such State should be
entitled to Senators and Representatives in
Congress when duly elected and qualified upon
taking the oaths required by existing law.
Those are the very words of the bill which
was reported to the House by that committee,
and they are incorporated in the bill as it comes
to us to-day from the Senate.
In addition thereto the Senate has added
another provision, that the people of such rebel
States, by their constitutional government,
shall secure equal and impartial suffrage, with-
out regard to race or color, among all the male
citizens of said states respectively, excepting
such as may be disfranchised on account of
their participation in the rebellion or on
account of felony at common law. Beyond
that there is no difference in the fifth section
and the bill reported by the Committee on
Reconstruction. Are gentlemen to stand here
and say that because the Senate has thus far
improved, in the direction of exact justice, on
the bill of the Reconstruction Committee, the
Senate amendment is now to be rejected, and
that they njust go to the country saying that
they cannot trust themselves, crying out in the
agony of their souls to the listening heavens the
words of St. Augustine, "Save us from our-
selves?"
Save us from ourselves! What is incorpo-
rated in this bill? That no one of those States
shall attain political power save and except
upon the solemn approval by the Congress of
the United States of what they may do. Can-
not gentlemen trust the Congress to decide
whether a State has complied with the require-
ments of the bill in such form as will secure
the protection of each by the combined power
of all?
One word more. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvaftia [Mr. Stevens] says that this bill
proclaims a general amnesty. I mean no dis-
respect to the venerable gentleman, but I chal-
lenge the contradiction of enlightened and
impartial men when I say that this bill confers
neither general amnesty nor special amnesty
on any man whatsoever.
But, say these gentlemen, "We wish to pro-
tect the freedmen.'' I can only say that you
have a most extraordinary method of giving
them protection. If they are to be protected
by the national arms, they can only be protected
under the authority of the national law; and
here is ^ bill to secure their protection under
the law.
Look at the provisions of the bill as it went
to the Senate and as it has returned from the
Senate. It provides that until those States shall
be reorganized so as to receive the approval of
the Congress of the United States the protec-
tion of the whole people shall be exclusively
under the care of the national Government
through the national Army. Gentlemen want
to protect the freedmen; and yet they are not
willing to intrust the protection of the persons
and property of the freedmen to the gallant
commanders of our armies who followed our
flag through the storms of battle for the four
years past.
But, say gentlemen, it confers this power
upon the President. That was a singular remark
for the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Boutwell] to make. Why, sir, it clothes the
President with the same power with which he
was invested when the gentleman voted for the
first four sections of this bill in substance and
in fact as it stands to-day. To be sure, the
other bill provided that the General in com-
mand of the Army should detail Army officers;
but all officers of the Army are under the com-
mand of the Commander-in-Chief as consti-
tuted, not by an act of Congress, but by the
supreme law of the land. You 'cannot repeal
that provision of the Constitution. The Presi-
dent is constitutionally Commander-in-Chief
of our armies, and as such under our law ho
will be the controlling power in directing the
execution of this law according to his own
good judgment. There is a discretion lodged
in the President in that behalf under the Con-
stitution which Congress can no more inter-
fere with than can the Executive interfere with
Congress in the exercise of the discretion lodged
in it as to what measures it shall pass or what
measures it shall not pass.
Now, if these gentlemen propose by any kind
of misrepresentation or abuse, and by the aid
of a hireling press either at the North or at the
South, to dragoon me into any recognition of
their new-fangled notions, that the executive
power of this country is lodged or is to be
lodged anywhere else than where the Constitu-
tion has lodged it, I give them notice now that
I am not to be so dragooned. The Constitu-
tion of the country says, '' The executive power
shall be vested in the President of the U nited
States of America." Where, then, did you
vest the executive power when you passed this
bill the other day? You did the very thing
that we propose to do by repassing it to-day.
The provision is that the President of the
United States, as Commander-in-Chief of the
Army, shall see to it, in the mode and manner
directed by this bill, that all persons in those
lately insurgent States shall have the protection
of the law.
But what more? We further say by this
bill to the people of those States, "If you wish
to cxercise the right of local self-government,
do equal and exact justice, remodel your con-
stitutions, adopt that constitutional amend-
ment which to-day has the sanction of twenty-
five million freemen in this land, and you
will be restored to your equal place and to all
your political powers in the Union as States.
Until you do this, you shall be subject to such
form of government as will best secure all men,
without respect to race, color, or previous con-
dition, in their persons and property."
For myself I had rather that my right hand
should forget its cunning and that my tongue
should cleave to the roof of my mouth than to
find myself hero so false to my own convic-
tions, and so false to the high trust committed
to me by that people who sent me here, as to
vote against this bill. Not that I think this the
most perfect form of legislation, but I know
that 'the defeat of this bill to-day is really a
refusal to enact any law whatever for the pro-
tection of any man in that vast portion of our
country which was so recently swept over by
our armies from the Potomac to the Rio
Grande.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I shall support the
bill as it came from the Senate ; and in the
five minutes allotted to me I desire to state
very briefly my reasons. It is quite evident
that we must pass this bill or else pass no bill
of this character during the present session
of Congress; and, in my.opinion, if this Con-
gress fail to pass a bill which shall protect the
loyal people of those rebellious States, it will
justly be reprobated bj the whole country.
I find iu the bill as it comes from the Senate
substantially the same provisions as were con-
tained in the bill as reported by the Recon-
struction Committee. The change from the
General of the Army to the President of the
United States in the provisions in regard to
detailing officers I do not regard as a substan-
tial change ; for, as was remarked by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bixgham,] we all
know that whatever details the General of the
Army might make must be made in conformity
