689
GLOBE.
January 18^
ilig' it in adeo^aU^^Kfetftfgirial «W8fl8rf
And'act ar tfcousa^«of-a<fflaf§:we?g
paid';otit; (Jf tHM' FiM1 for repairs' 0ttffe iMsi-
dentiar 'MSfifeiori and1 other pd¥pBe's.- Hie
pro^eeaS'o'f the' sale of tliosdioft' dbYia'ted td
tW; GfSv&'ffinent by the efc^'of Washington'
were thus diverted msfeatfdf fe&tgallied-to
liKjf'Iegitimate' elai ttiy ;pf til <i eri ty for iftiprove-
rfftiftsl Had th'e j^oh^-Bi.efl^plied in accord-
ance -with* tHte'djfigtoPi&tehtfori arid- act' o£
Congress befen' iib1 cfata1 of
{liis HndTpi'eS'iintfeIa-:'R^re ttoW, an'd" the eWy to-
d ay-WotfId' liaW 15 teefi- v&Stly i n aefvati'c'e'ofwh&t
itf is itfrfe^iiSd toift ittlpi'0'fer)ierltB.•' Wh'erf:this
improvement was being made it was' supposed
'funds- enough left frftiri th«- sale of
jots to pay-th'is-claiitf, arid ifc-w&'s'supposed
lots had no'ta'H bee'tf disposed of; nor
1$&£{liey.- Afferrthig worli-'wjis-don'e the Com-
missioner sold ten lots, if my-retibllyofioti Serves
ifie® right, arid under that act of Congress' paid
some eight or fen-thousand'dollark'otf that very
identical claim', reducing' it by that anio'nnti
But now'this fund has bee'n-exhausted-by the
Go'vernmeftt, and the balance Of some-thirty
thousand' dollars or'more is du« to'the city.
' This claim lias been' tHorott'g'lfly examined by
the Committee for "the Districtof Columbia,
wild reported in favor of it. It lias been ex-
amined also by" the Committee' on' Appropria-
tion's, arid ari appropriatiori reported once or
twice foi-'its liquidation. Upon the motion of
gditte gentleman, who had a- very strict regard
for the rights of the Government,-when it was
laslf reported by the Committee for the District
of Columbia, it was referred to the Committee
Of Claims^ knowing that that committee would
scrutinize it closely, they having special charge
Of all claims. If it was not absolutely imper-
ative that they should rejJortin its favor they
would report against it. They have examined
itforsome'time—some tlircfle month's, I believe
—and now they have reported in favor of cut-
ting it dowri five Or six thousand dollars, and
ask the-Government to pay* the balance due.
Some of it has been due for ten or fifteen years,
I think. The city has paid the money to the
contractors long ago ana had to lose the inter
est on it.
Now the fact becoming known to a former
Congress that this fund had become exhausted
and diverted—I might say perverted so far as
the act of Congress is concerned—the act of
1864 was passed, which provides that the Gov-
ernment shall pay to the corporation of Wash-
ington its equitable proportion of the expenses
for the improvement of the city, for laying
sewers, paving streets, &c., where the Govern-
ment has property on the streets thus improved.
It is nothing but equitable and just.
Mr. SLOAN. 1 think I yielded the floor to
the gentleman from Illinois, and I will now
resume it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I did riot so understand.
I understood that I held the floor by the cour-
tesy of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Washburn,] who has charge of the bill.
Mr. SLOAN. I yielded the floor to the gen-
tleman.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
that the gentleman from Massachusetts had
the floor, and yielded it to the"gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Ingersoll.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I so understood it. I
should certainly feel grateful to the gentleman
from Wisconsin if he had yielded the floor
to me.
Mr. SLOAN. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
will yield for a moment to the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] to close his remarks.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is all I desire. _
Mr. SLOAN. The point of order I make is
that I was speaking and that the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] asked the priv-
ilege of making some remarks, and he took
the floor from me ; and I submit that it is out
of order for the Chair to decide that he ob-
tained the floor from the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. .
The*CH AIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the' genfieffiari* front Massachusetts [Mr.
WA^ftSxRw] had-" tHe' floor and yielded itto'tte
gentlem'ati frbfe Wisconsin, [Mr-. Sloan;] that
tliji gijntley&frfWitfiWi'seetfsiH finished' M's: re-
marks, and that the genSKaian' froih Illinois is
now occupying thefloor by the. consent'of the
gentleman from Massachusetts; i
•yMr. SLOAN., Then, I was mistaken-. I un-
derstood that Iwas-' recognized as- entitled' t-o
the ffooft " -
INGEKSOLL. I will riot detain th<*
committed longer than to say that after the
careful examination had' iii' reference to this
cMhr by three1 committees of this- House I
Wottld' deem it • an act «f injustice longer to
withhold' the amount d'ne to the city- of Wasfe-
iilgtofl; ' '
Mf. SLOAN'. I only desire to fey that my
understanding is very different from that of
the gentleman- frqjn Illinois. I understand
thstt the Government takes the trouble arid
expensis of selling-these lots and the proceeds
Of the sales go to the city.
Mr. INGERSOLL.' The gentleman-is mis-
taken'in regard to that.
Mr. SLOAN. Mxist of the cities of this
Uilion purchase-grounds for their public parks,
and after having purchased them adorn and
take carte of them. • The Government does that
for this city,-and yet the city-claims that the
Government shall not only do that, but after-
ward improve and adorn them. It is asking
more than justice requires at the hands of
Congress:
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, re-
sumed the floor.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Can I have one minute
more?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Well,
you may take! half a minute.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The reason why the
Government of the United States stands in a
different position toward this city than the
States do toward the cities in their limits is,
that Congress has always reserved exclusive-
jurisdiction over the avenues and streets of
the city. The city cannot even lay out a street
or alley in this District without the consent of
Congress; and having this jurisdiction over the
city, we have made ourselves liable for the
payment of these claims.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
yield now to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It seems
to me that the committee must understand
how this question stands. I do not know; I
have not been able to ascertain from the report
which has been read, nor from the statement
made by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Washburn,] how this money was ex-
pended, or what the proof was that this money
had been expended by the city, or whether a
fair and reasonable price was paid for the
work, or the work was properly done.
This is not the only claim that the city of
Washington has of this nature. The commit-
tee will recollect that there was an item of
§181,000 in one of the appropriation bills for
work of this character, which the Committee of
the Whole struck out unanimously by the con-
sent of the chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations. This is not a part of that sum,
but it is a kindred claim. It appeared upon
examination that the only authority for insert-
ing an appropriation of that large amount of
money in an appropriation bill was a mere cer-
tificate of the surveyor of the city of Washing-
ton. There was no proof whatever made that
the work was done in the manner set out; there
was no proof that it was done at a fair and
reasonable price. I have seen, nothing to sat-
isfy me that if the Government is liable to pay
anything in this case there is any proof of the
amount that we ought to pay.
Now, it seems to me that if this bill is to
pass it ought to pass with an amendment
which I will suggest, and which should pre-
cede the amendment of the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Sloan,] which I think is a very
proper one. The amendment which I would
" is to the effect that before any money
is paid under this bill the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury shall make a full ex-
amination of all the items, and receive proof
that the work was done at fair and reasonable
prices. I think this is the* least that can be
done, if: we'are going to act upon this matter
at all. I think it should undergo some sort of
investigation further than it has undergone al-
ready—a judicial investigation to some extent.
Let the whole question be investigated, and let
testimony be taken to show, if there is really
any liability, what the extent of that liability is.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
have no objection to the amendment indicated
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wash-
btone.] I only desire to say that so far as
the Committee of Claims were coneerned-they
could not go into a personal examination of
all these items. But the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings appeared before them, and the
question was put to him in reg'ard to all these
different items whether they had thus been
examined. He replied that they had-all been
examined; that surveys had been made by the
engineer on the part of the Government in
order to ascertain if possible whether the
amounts charged against the Government were
proper; and that all the different items had
been thus examined. It was upon that infor-
mation that the committee acted. But I am
perfectly willing that the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washbukne]
should be adopted should the House consider
it best to do so. I simply desired to state that
the testimony upon which the Committee of
Claims acted was to the effect that all those
different items had been fully examined.
Mr. DELANO. I hope the amendment
suggested by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washbukne] will be adopted. The commit-
tee who have reported this claim have not
done so out of any feeling of favoritism to-
ward the city of Washington, or from any
opinion that the citv of Washington had very
strong claims upon the Government. Wehave
examined this account with these feelings, and
have rejected from it every'item which we felt
we could reject with justice. I desire to move
an amendment to the amendment of my col-
league on the committee, the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Sloan.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Will
not the gentleman permit the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washbtjrne]
to be first offered ?
Mr. DELANO. Is the amendment of the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Sloan] now
pending?
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Price in the chair.)
It is.
Mr. DELANO. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Sloan] to
withdraw his amendment until the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washburne] can be offered and acted upon.
Mr. SLOAN. I will do so, with the under-
standing that I shall have an opportunity to
renew it.
Mr. DELANO. I will renew it myself if
necessary.
Mr. SLOAN. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I nowmove
to amend this bill by adding the following:
Provided further. That no money shall be paid un-
der this act until after a full examination of all the
items by the proper accounting officer of the Ireas-
ury, find proof under oath that the work was don©
at fair and reasonable prices.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SLOAN. T now move to further amend
this bill by adding the following :
And provided further, That before any money shall
be paid under this act the citv of Washington shall
file with the Treasurer of the United States a receipt
to the effect that the city has received the amount to
be paid by virtue of this act, in full of all claims
against the Government for the grading, paviner, and
constructingsewers in the streets of the city of Wash-
ington.
Mr. DELANO. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Sloan] by adding to it the words u to the date
of May 5, 1864."
