1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2^01
licitoas that the bill should pass in order to
enable them to purchase a certain hall contem-
plated by the bill. I hope there will be no
objection to its consideration at the present
moment.
Tlie motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1234) to incorporate the joint stock
company of the Yonng Men's Christian Asso-
ciation of Washington was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The corporators are S. P. Chase, 0. 0.
Howard, John II. Elvans, S. L. Brown, H. D.
Cooke, James Harlan, George P. Fisher, O.
H. Browning, James A. Ekin, A. II. Shepherd,
B. II. Steinmetz, William Ballantyne, A. C.
Richards, F. A. Lutz. L. Clephane, and Sam-
uel Norment, their associates and successors.
The purpose of the company is to erect a suit-
able building for the meetings of the associa-
tion, a hall, reading-rooms, and library. The
capital stock is to be $200,000, in shares of
twenty-five dollars each.
Mr. CRESWELL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Maine if that bill does not
exempt all the property belonging to this asso-
ciation from taxation of every kind?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, to the amount of
the capital stock, $200,000—all property used
for this specific purpose.
Mr. CRESWELL. To the amount of
$200,000?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir.
Mr. CRESWELL. I very much question
the propriety of entering upon that sort of
thing in this District at this time. It seems to
me all property should be held liable to its
proper share of taxation.
Mr. MORRILL. The honorable Senator
will find that heretofore, by act of Congress,
all property dedicated to charitable uses is
exempt.
Mr. CRESWELL. The difficulty is that
the thing is liable to abuse. I have known
several States in which after having begun
that policy they were obliged to abandon it by
reason of the almost certain abuse to which it
is apt to run.
Mr. MORRILL. The correction of that in
this case is that the matter is in the power of
Congress. The right to alter, amend, or repeal
this act at any time is reserved.
Mr. J OHNSON. I ask for the reading of
the part of the bill referred to by my col-
league.
The Secretary read the seventh section, as
follows:
Skc. 7. And be it further enacted, That the build-
ing and grounds, the rents and revenues of the same,
and the stock issued to erect said building, shall be
forever erempt from taxation.
Mr. GRIMES. That seems to imply that this
corporation can put up buildings lor rent, and
I understand from the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] that they do intend to put
op buildings so as to rent stores. If they are
going to do that why should not such prop-
erty be taxed as well as if it was owned by
individuals ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I have glanced over
this bill. If I remember it aright it is intended
to have an institution where the young men of
this city can have a library. It is an institu-
tion I think quite desirable in the city. I do
not see why it should be taxed any more than
a church or a school-house. It is true there
is a provision in the bill enabling the associa-
tion to rent part of the building. I apprehend
that the building they intend to pntup willper-
haps have a hall and a lecture-room, a library
ana reading-rooms above, and that the lower
rooms will be rented. That, I presume, is the
whole intention. The building is limited in
value to $200,000, cannot exceed that, ahd the
bill will to that extent exempt property in the
District of Columbia from taxation, but really I
can see nothing objectionable in the measure.
It is a thing that is quite desirable if the pur-
poses of the bill are carried out strictly, and I
cannot see any authority to transgress the pritt-
ciples of the bill. As the Senator from Maine
39th Ooxg. 2d Sess.—No. 126.
says, thepowerisreservedtoCongresstorepeal,
alter, or modify the act at any time. If at any
time it should appear that instead of being an
institution for the cultivation of the minds of
young men by the collection of a library where
young men can be, instead of spending their
evenings in playing billiards, &c., if such should
turn out to be the case, then of course the
provision may be altered and the property sub-
jected to taxation. The lower story of the
proposed building will probably be rented, but
that will only be a means of collecting together
money to add to the library instead of getting
it up by subscription. Really I can see no
objection.
Mr. WILLTAMS. I ask the Senator if he
understands that there is any obligation in this
bill to apply these rents to the purpose in
view ?
_ Mr. HENDERSON. They cannot go out-
side of it.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bills of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 557) for the relief of James
Fulton, paymaster United States Navy;
A bill (S. No. 588) for the relief of William
H. Webb; and
A bill (S. No. 609) allowing the duties on
foreign merchandise imported into the port of
Albany to be secured and paid at that place.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 740) to create the office
of surveyorgeneralin the Territorvof Montana,
and establish a land office in the 'Territories of
Montana and Arizona;
A bill (H. R: No. 1173) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 80, 1868, and
for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 1227) making appropria-
tions and to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867, and
for other purposes;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 226) extend-
ing the provisions of section two of an act en-
titled "An act to extend the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims, and to provide for the pay-
ment of certain demands for quartermasters'
stores and subsistence supplies furnished to
the Array of the United States," approved
July 4, 1864; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 270) for the
relief of J. H. Riley.
papers withdrawn.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, it was
Ordered, That thtf levee commissioners of the
State of Louisiana have leave to withdraw their
petition and papers from the files of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of
Major General Sheridan, Major General Ord,
and other officers of the United States Army,
praying that officers withdrawn from the active
service and placed upon the retired list may
be allowed to retain their service or longevity
rations; which was ordered to lie on the table,
the subject having been acted on.
disbursing officers.
Mr. WILSON, from the committee on con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the joint resolution (S. R. No. 173)
to facilitate the settlement of the accounts of
disbursing officers, submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference upon the dia#*T*eirif
Totes of the two Houses on Senate joint resolution
No. 178. to facilitate the «ettl«Seatof accounts of
dMnotfnt oOMrs, after foil and freeeonfarenee have
■|fi niil (n recommend. Mid do reeotaaMnd, that the
House of Representatives recede from their amend-
ment to said resolution.
HENRY WILSON,
GEORGE H. WILtlAMS.
JAMES W. GRIMES,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JOHN L. DAWSON,
JAMES F. WILSON.
Manager* on the part of th* House.
The report was concurred in.
thomas d. burrall.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to take up the bill
[ (H. R. No. 591) for the relief of Thomas D.
Burrall, which has been reported favorably
i from the Committee on Patents—a very just
: measure.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 591) for the relief of Thomas D. Burrall
I was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
' The letters-patent granted to Thomas D.
II Burrall, on the 6th day of December, 1845,
: for improvements in corn-shellers, and which
j was extended by the Commissioner of Patents,
i and afterward surrendered and reissued, which
11 reissue bears date the 10th day of October,
I 1865, and will expire the 6t,h day of Decem-
ber, 1866, will be by the bill extended for the
; term of seven years, commencing on the 6th
day of December, 1866, and ending on the 6th
day of December, 1873, for the benefit of Bur-
rall, his heirs and legal representatives, upon
the conditions set forth. The Commissioner
of Patents, upon the presentation of the patent
and the payment of the fees and charges pro-
vided bylaw, is to extend the patent by making
a certificate thereon, or upon a certified copy
thereof, of such extension in the name oi"
Burrall, if in his judgment, upon full hearing,
the same should be granted. The patent so
extended is to have the same effect as if origin-
ally granted for the term extending to the end
of the term to which it is extended by the act:
but the extended patent is to be open to legal
inquiry and decision in the same manner as if
, issued under Jhegeneral law relatingto patents,
and all persons enjoying the lawful use of the
' improvements secured by the patent, and the
purchaser of any machine so in use, may con-
tinue to use the same as if the act had not
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
report in that case.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is advised that there is no report from the
Senate Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office, but there is a report from the House
Committee.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us hear that.
The Secretary read the report made by the
House Committee on Patents. The commit-
tee believe that Burrall was the original and
first inventor of the improvement in corn-
shellers, which was described in his original
specification. He endeavored to bring it into
general use ; but owing to the fact that he was
extensively engaged in improving and manu-
facturing other agricultural implements he did
not for several years press his improvement
in corn-shellers as be otherwise would have
done. By reason of losses sustained by him
in endeavoring to improve implements of agri-
culture. and particularly in his endeavors to
improve the mower and reaper, he was sub-
jected to heavy losses, which compelled him to
suspend his business. When he again at-
tempted to introduce his improved shelter into
general use he found that it had been exten-
sively imitated; and when preparing to enforce
his patent he was advised that it was invalid by
reason of defective claim, which rendered it
necessary that he shoold surrender it and have
it reissued with amended claims, which was
done, and a reissue granted, bearing date Oc-
tober 10, 1865, leaving the patent less than
eighteen months to run. The committee,
being satisfied that the invention is useful and
will be of much advantage to the public, and
that the inventor has received no remunera-
tion, recommend the passage of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I should Hke to make some
inquiry in regard to this bill. I nnderstand
