562
Tm COFGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
bigotry, and despotism from perfecting a resolution
begun without tneir consent, but which ought not to
be ended without their full participation and con-
currence?"'
What revolution? Begun by whdm? Without
whose consent? To be concurred in by the
majority of a constitutional Congress? Or is
the revolution referred to the one begun by
secessionists, carried on by rebels to the Con-
stitution and the 'Union for the purpose of di-
viding it, and: to prevent which all the people
of all the land were made mourners and future
fenerations-burdened with untold millions of
ebt?Amtthis is the revolution in which, by
this-monstrous bill, the gentleman calls upon
his friends and his party to fully participate and
concur. Revolution it is—revolution' to break
up and divide the Union. Precisely what seces-
sion and rebellion, but for the valor of the Army
of the Union, would have accomplished.
"Possibly the people would' iothave inaugurated
this revolution to correct the palpable incongruities
and despotic provisions of the Constitution."
What people? Not the southern secession-
ists certainly, because there was no doubt, no
possibility of mistaking their position. They
are willing now the revolution should "sub-
side;".-they are willing to.submit to the Con-
stitution as it is and with all its "incongrui-
ties;" they are willing the Republic should
stand.' They have given up the revolution, and
the gentleman and his party followers, by this
bill, have taken it up and propose that it shall
not subside till the "palpable incongruities"
of the Constitution are removed.
It is then clearly admitted by the gentleman
ttat the purpose of this bill is to correct or
remove certain supposed "incongruities" in
the Constitution by adopting and carrying for-
ward the revolution inaugurated by secession-
ists, Culminating in most bloody war, and which
he -says '' possibly'' without their beginning
might not have been begun.
There can be no mistaking the object of this
bill as declared by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. It is to avoid or get rid of the Con-
stitution or some provision of it. Its revolu-
tionary purpose is as clear as the sun-light. He
says, in the same speech, advocating this bill,
(and bo it remembered that speech was no
extemporaneous one, but carefully prepared,
written, and reserved several days after deliv-
ery for revision:)
" Think not I would slander my native 1 and: I would
reform it. Twenty years a^o I denounced it as ades-
potism. Then twenty million white men enchained
four million black men. X pronounce it no nearer to
a true Republic now when twenty-live million of a
privileged class exclude five million from all partici-
pation in the rights of government."
Twenty years ago he " denounced" his "na-
tive land as a despotism, "and he "pronounces
it no nearer to a true Republic now." There
were traitorous bad men in 1860 and 1861 who
did the same thing, who as honestly believed
as he did that it was a " despotism." Their
convictions carried them into rebellion. The
gentleman by this bill proposes not to let that
rebellion and revolution end without "full par-
ticipation and concurrence." If traitors insti-
gated that revolution I need not characterize
those who fully " participate and concur in it."
Sir, immediate passage of this bill is urged
by the gentleman because of the late decision
of the Supreme Court in the case of Milligan.
That decision ho denounces as "infamous,"
"dangerous to the lives and liberties of the
loyal men of the country." What is there in
this decision that calls for revolutionary meas-
ures? In what way is this bill to interfere with or
effect it? What is there in it to call for maledic-
tion and denunciation ? The gentleman does not
complain that it does not truly declare the law.
Is the court itself to be stricken down ; to be
revolutionized? Are the provisions of the bill
as sweeping and extensive as that?
Sir, none but despots and violators of law hate
or fear that court or its decisions. None but
those who would donouncp and contemn their
native land denounce it. It brought the glad
tidings to the depressed and despahing people
of this country that the Constitution has not
yet been destroyed, that it yet stands the bond
of our union, the fundamental law of the land.
For one I thank God for that decision in this
dark hour of our country. It may save us
from just such usurpation as this Congress, by
this bill, would inflict upon us. It is the only
hope of liberty in this laud to-day. That decis-
ion has crowned the court with immortal
glory. Time, the clamor of disappointed
demagogues, nor the malignant howl of crazy
fanatics can ever dim the luster it has shed
upon American jurisprudence. Future genera-
tions in all coming time will honor and revere
that court as the great conservator of constitu-
tional liberty and law. It rose above the surg-
ing, remorseless passion of rebellion and civil
war into the calm judicial atmosphere of reason
and truth, and gladdened the hearts of the mil-
lions who never "denounced their native land"
by declaring the law as it is:
" The Constitution of the United. States is law for
rulers and people, equally in war and in peace, and
covers with the shield of its protection all classes of
men at all times and under all circumstances. No
doctrine involving more pernicious consequences
was ever invented by the wit of man than that any
of its provisions can bo suspended during any of the
great emergencies of the Government. Such a doc-
trine leadsdirectly to anarchy and despotism."
WThere is there an honest lawyer who doubts
that as law? What is there to denounce in it?
What is there infamous in that opinion ? Sir,
these denunciations are because that court
does not adopt revolution as a precedent,
because it does not follow the lead of the
gentleman by "full participation and concur-
rence" in the rebellion to revolutionize this
Government.
But the passage of this bill is a necessity
also, according to the gentleman's construction
of it, because the presidential offipe is in his
way. It is not only to deprive the Supreme
Court in some manner of its lawful jurisdic-
tion, but the Executive of the nation, "the
Commander-in-Chief Of the Army and Navy,"
is to be made to bow in meek submission and
obey the behest of the gentleman and his party
in Congress. Listen, again, to his speech in
support of this bill:
"Though the President is Commander-in-Chief,
Congress is his commander; and, God willing, ho
shall obey. He and his minions shall learn that this
is not a Government of kings and satraps, but a
Government of the people, and that Congress is the
people."
The President refuses to go with the gentle-
man and his followers into a "full participa-
tion and concurrence " in the revolution inau-
gurated by the rebellion, and this measure is
to reduce him to obedience ; to bring him into
accord with the will of the majority of this
Congress; to simplify the Government by
striking down or usurping the powers of the
coordinate departments.
There seems to be, then, three leading ob-
jects in this measure to be carried into prac-
tical effect by a full "participation and con-
currence" in "the revolution: " to get rid of
the Supreme Court or its decision; to depose
the President or compel him to "obey" the
majority of Congress; and thereby, or as an
additional object, correct "palpable incon-
gruities and despotic provisions of the Consti-
tution,' ' and turn ten of the sovereign States
of the Union into Territories, or hold them
without governments as conquered provinces.
These are some of the avowed, bold, wicked,
revolutionary purposes of this scheme. No
wonder at the implied doubt of the gentleman:
"Will Congress have the courage" to come
down to the requirement? No wonder he finds
it necessary to storm, bluster, threaten, and
scold his weak-kneed followers. But they will
all come in to the support of this or some like
measure. They will tremble, turn pale, and
curse a little, but his cunningly-insinuated
punishment in the question he put, "Do you
believe in hell?" will bring every mother's
son of them^ unless possibly the gentleman
from New \ork, [Mr. Raymond,] of whom
nothing quite certain is known till after he has
made his speech and recorded las vote.
More, doubtless, wag meant by this states-
man-like inquiry. There may have been a
more solemn significance. The tendency of
his party in that direction admonishes all its
members not to deny the Divinity, in the pres-'
ence of which they are soon to appear. Sir,
this seems almost like trifling with a grave sub-
ject, and yet the devout earnestness with which
that inquiry was propounded by the venerable
gentleman cannot fail to impress this House
with the thought that there is some very close
and intimate connection between this measure
and that gloomy abode upon which he would
have his followers fix their faith and belief.
' I listened to and have examined the gentle-
man's speech in connection with this bill to
find, if possible, some argument, some sugges-
tion of constitutional authority or warrant for
the measure; but there is none—absolutely
none. Ten of the pillars on which this Union
rests, and some of those upon which and by
the power of -which it was originally erected,
are to be torn from under it -and prostrated to
the earth by unauthorized and arbitrary power,
by some means or power unknown to our law.
The principles upon which it is to be done are
all false, both in theory and fact, and as de-
structive of the Union as the States. The
preamble, which has been stricken out since
the bill was reported and since the gentleman
made his speech, recites that the "confederate
States," so called, "have forfeited all their
rights under the Constitution." And in his
speech he declares: •
"The Federal arms triumphed. The confederate
armies and governmentsurrendered unconditionally.
The law of nations then fixed their condition. They
were subject to the controlling power of the con-
querors. So former laws, no former compacts or
treaties existed to bind the belligerents. They had
all been melted and consumed in the fierce fires of
the terrible war."
Now, sir, I deny every assertion here made,
except only that " the Federal arms triumphed.'.'
And that of itself, in view of the purpose of
the contending parties, is a complete refuta-
tion of all the other allegations and conblu-
sions. The States and their governments were
not destroyed. • All the attempts to take them
out of their relations to the other States of the
Union were failures, and every step in that
direction was an illegal and void act. And the
moment the rebellion was put down and the
people freed from its control they, the people
of the State, had the right to their State gov-
ernment as before the war.
On the part of the confederates the struggle
was to separate and divide; on our part to
prevent separation and division and preserve
the States in the Union. They sought to avoid
the laws of the Federal Government: we to
enforce them. They denied their obligations
'to obey the Constitution: we insisted upon their
obedience. They declared they would no longer
live with us as States in the Union: we de-
manded they should remain forever. They
claimed the right to secede when they felt dis-
posed: we avowed secession a monstrous heresy,
and that the Union was formed in perpetuity.
They left the Halls of Congress and declared
they would no longer perform their duties and
functions in the Union : we swore on the altar
of our country that they should obey the Con-
stitution and laws made in pursuance thereof.
They seized their arms and appealed to the
God of battles for the justiee of their cause: we
accepted the wager of battle, and lifted our eyes
in prayer to Heaven that the issue might be
with us. We pressed them closely and more
closely, and in their agony and desperation they
cried for the purpose of rallying their dispirited
forces, we meant to "subjugate" them. And
as victory wavered in the balance we solemnly,
before God and the civilized age, declared,
"That, banishing all feeling of mere passion
or resentment," we " will recollect only'' our
" duty to the whole country; that this war is
not waged upon our part in any spirit of op-
pression, nor for any purpose of conquest or
subjugation," "but to defend and maintain the
supremacy of the Constitution and to preserve
the Union, with all the dignity, equality, and
rights ofllio several States unimpaired: that
as soon as these objects are accomplished the
war ought to cease."
