2002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Poland] was
a member of the Patent Committee when this
bill was considered, and has examined it, and
perhaps he can enlighten the Senate. It pro-
vides that a patent shall be renewed to Thomas
D. Burrall for an improvement in corn-shell-
ers. It would seem from the bill that a
reissue has already been made, and that he
has had the benefit of this patent for twenty-
one years, the original patent having been
issued in 1845, and it expired in 1866 on the
6th day of December. It was intended that
this bill should take effect before the expira-
tion of the patent, and I suppose it will now
be necessary to amend it so as to protect par-
lies who have been going on and making corn-
shellers since the expiration of the patent.
Mr. POLAND. The bill contains that pro-
vision now.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not so sure of that.
It seems to me to be rather inartificially
drawn. It declares absolutely by law that the
patent shall be extended for seven years, and
then authorizes the Commissioner of Patents
to extend it if in his judgment it ia a proper
case.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
fort riley reservation.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 267, which was under consid-
eration some days ago, but the morning hour
expired before we reached a rote upon it.
i'he motion was agreed to ; and the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (H. R. No. 267)
for the reduction of the military reservation of
Fort Kiley, and to grant land for bridge pur-
poses to the State of Kausas, was resumed as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GRIMES. I would inquire of the Sen-
ator from Kansas whether or not the opinion
of the Secretary of War has beep obtained in
regard to this matter ?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir. In the first
place the Committee on Military Affairs of the
other House referred the question to the Sec-
retary of War, and he consulted the command-
ing officers, got their report and the report of
General Grant. Then he sent all the papers,
with a map, to the committee of the House.
The resolution was passed by the House, and
then the Committee on Military Affairs of the
Senate went through the same process, and sent
it to the Department for the second time. The
Government built a bridge there some years
ago at great expense, but it was taken off by a
flood. _ It is on a reserve where the State has
not a right, and the citizens have not the right
to build a bridge. If you give ns the right to
build a bridge and allow us to tax the Govern-
ment toll for its use of it we shall not ask any
land. The Government for the last ten or
twelve years has been paying on an average
$0,000 a year to a private company, whose
only rights consisted in a permit from the
commander of the fort to put np a temporary
bridge.
Mr. GRIMES. Amend it so as to charge toll.
Mr. POMEROY. This spring the freshet
has taken off all the bridges, so that there is
nothing left there now. The Government has
either got to pay the expense it has been to the
last few years in tolls or it has got to put up
a bridge which cannot cost less than $60,000,
or it has got to let the State do it. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, after full investiga-
tion the Senator from Michigan [Mr. How-
ard] had it in charge—reported this joint
resolution.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe the question
pending is on an amendment offered bv me
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 withdraw the amend-
ment, for it is clear that the bill cannot pass
if amended ; and upon the statement made by
the honorable Senator from Kansas, that the
people there are more interested in having it a
free bridge than even we can be, and that the
Legislature of Kansas will make that provision
without any doubt, I beg leave to withdraw the
amendment.
The joint resolution was reported to the
| Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
j message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr, McPheusou, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bills and joint resolutions of the
Senate:
A bill (S. No. 463) for the relief of Samuel
I M. Beatty, of Ohio ;
A bill (S. No. 606) to amend an act entitled
"An act for the removal of causes in certain
. cases from State courts," approved July 27,
: 1806 ;
A bill (S. No. 611) to extend to and for the
benefit of Eliza Wells letters-patent heretofore
issued to Henry A. Wells, deceased;
_ A joint resolution (S. R. No. 178) in rela-
tion to national banking associations; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 179) to pro-
a bridge or bridges across the Potomac waa
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate^ ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
associated press reports.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I desire to make
a correction in fact of a statement which I see
in the reports of the Associated Press of the
' proceedings last evening, and I desire to get
the correction into those reports if I can. I
have not the pleasure of a personal acquaint-
ance with the gentleman who furnishes those
reports. I have thought on several occasions
that I was a little unfortunate in the character
of those reports.
I noticed yesterday morning that it was
stated in substance that, not upon the motion,
; but upon the argument of my friend from Cal-
; ifornia, [Mr. Confess,] the Senate was induced
| to proceed to the consideration of business
j from the Committee on Claims. That was
! very true in itself, because I think it was upon
1 the argument of my friend from California
vide for the exchange of certain public docu- j! tha(:the Senate concluded to enter upon that
ments. (< business. Nevertheless, as a fact, the Senate
The message also announced that the House ! did en!.eF uPon the consideration of that busi-
of Representatives had agreed to the report of "ess' dld proceed in it for something like an
the committee of conference on the disagreeing j hour, and the fact was^ stated to the country
 x  . P 11 , TT .« • ■ ® ® tni>rtn An + v  noa vanAvfa nri tl\An^ mn VS n M n 
votes of the two Houses on the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 173} to facilitate the settlement of
the accounts of disbursing officers.
through those reports without my same getting
into the reports at all.
But that is not the point. I will enter into
The messagealsoannouncedthattheSpeaker : S00(1 bonJa never to make any complaint of
1 *1 TT  1 .1 • j .v i* ii • u i ! ppnnr^fi. nnr nf onv roriArfa an aa
I of the House had signed the following enrolled
i billsand jointresolutions ; and they were signed
by the President pro tempore:
; An act (S. No. 578) to extend the provisions
i of an act entitled " An act for the final adjust-
ment of private land claims in the States of
Florida, Louisiana, and Missouri," and for
other purposes;
An act (S. No. 614) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Navy to transfer the United States
iron-clad Onondaga to George Quintard, of
New York;
_ An act (S. No. 577) to regulate the dispo-
sition of the proceeds of fines, penalties, and
forfeitures incurred under the laws relating to
the customs, and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 603) to authorize the estab-
lishment of ocean mail steamship service be-
tween the United States and the Hawaiian
Islands;
An act (S. No. 620) for the relief of Joshua
H. Butter worth;
An act (S. No. 625) to amend an act entitled
''An act concerning the fire department of
Washington city," approved February 18,
1867;
An act (S. No. 576) relating to appeals and
writs of error to the Supreme Court;
A joint resolution (S. It. No. 66) for the
relief of Joseph R. Morris;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 17G) relative
to the post office and sub-Treasury of the city
of Boston;
A joint resolution (S. Il.No. 181) concerning
the right of way for the survey and construction
of an inter-oceanic ship-canal through the
Isthmus of Darien :
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 304) in rela-
tion to the erection of a jail in the District of
Columbia ; and
An act (H. R. No. 865) granting lands to
aid in the construction of a railroad from the
city of Stockton to the town of Copperopolis,
in the State of California.
potomac bridges.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House
joint resolution No. 297. It is for the pur-
pose of getting a survey of the best locality
for a bridge across the Potomac. The Long
bridge has been washed away, as Senators are
aware, and this is a matter that should be
attended to immediately.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 297) instructing the
Secretary of the Interior to order a survey for
these reports, nor of any reports, so long as
they offend only by not telling what I do do.
I am entirely content with that; but I do dis-
like to have them ascribe to me some things
which I do not do. Last night a resolution
was introduced here providing for the payment
of the Senators from Tennessee. The Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] moved an
amendment to that resolution limiting their
right to pay to the time when the joint resolu-
tion passed Congress authorizing the admission
of Senators and Representatives from that
State. That amendment was offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts, as I have said ;
but I see in the reports that it is attributed to
myself. It did seem to me that this was an
unnecessary mistake to make, because it was
not only at war with my whole theory touching
the relations existing between the Government
of the United States and those several com-
munities, but it was a proposition which I spoke
against twice while it was pending here last,
evening; and on this one point I am a little
anxious that the country should not understand
that that amendment came from me. So far
as believed it would place me in a very extraor-
dinary light in the judgment of a great many
men who have known intimately and famil-
iarly what my opinions upon these questions
were.
j Mr. BUCKALEW. I wish to make a single
j remark on the matter brought before the Sen-
ate by the Senator from \Y isconsin, as I see I
shall not now interrupt business by doing so.
j The reports of the Associated Press have
pretty uniformly ignored my existence, or
I rather my presence, as a member of the
! Senate. The thing has been so marked on
| several occasions that I could not escape notic-
j ing it; but I have not complained, nor do I
j intend to complain. Very much like the
Senato^ who has spoken, from Wisconsin, the
| only thing I complain of is that upon two or
three occasions, when the public hare ascer-
tained from those reports that such an hum-
ble person as myself was in existence, I have
had words thrust into my mouth which I
never uttered and which were exactly contrary
to what I did say. For instance, upon one
occasion I insisted that suffrage in this country
was upon the proper basis at this time, and
that I was agreed to maintain the present
arrangement until the several States should
change it. I was reported as insisting that
suffrage was too extensive in this country, and
that it ought to be taken away from a portion
of those who now possess it. Upon another
