1867.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1.
563
"The Federal arms triumphed," and if the
•triumph is complete, determined all the issues
in their favor. "The confederate armies and
government were overthrown and surrendered':
—n<Jt "unconditionally," but upon these con-
ditions, held out to them and never with-
drawn till the end of the war. The law of na~
tions holds such promises as binding. Vattel,
page 439, says: "All'promises made to an
enemy in the course of war are obligatory."
Neither are treaties made void by war which
•were " stipulated in case of rupture." This is
the case where the war is between two nations.
I utterly deny the abominable and detestable
doctrine of the gentleman as the law of nations,
that the conquered nation is subject to the
absolute will and disposal of the conqueror.
What he may or may not do depends in some
measure on the cause ot the difficulty and who
were actually engaged in it. His rights spring
from the sources of natural justice, and should
be exercispd and measured by justice and
humanity. The doctrine that the conquered
nation may be disposed of at the sovereign will
and pleasure of the conqueror is opposed to
the humane and enlightened sense of the age.
It is the source and fountain of despotism and
despotic power. It is not the law of nations.
Vatfel, page 454, writing upon this subject,
says:
" But if the whole nation be subdued, in what man-
ner can the victor treat it without transgressing the
bounds of justice? What are his rights over the con-
quest ? Some have dared to advance this monstrous
principle that the conq ueror is absolute master of his
conquest, that he may dispose of it as his property,
treat it as he pleases, according to the common ex-
pression of treating a State as conquered country;
and hence they derive one of the sources of despotic
government. But enough of those who would reduce
men to the state of tranfserable goods, or use them
hke beasts of burden, who would deliver them up as
the property or patrimony of another man. Let us
argue on principles countenanced by reason and
becoming humanity."
But I deny that the law of nations fixed the
condition of the so-called confederate States,
or in any manner determined their status.
The law of nations or the common laws of war,
those maxims of humanity adopted by common
consent for the more humane conduct of war,
undoubtedly applied in its prosecution in the
conduct of the war itself. But ours is a nation,
with a government of its own, with a written
Constitution and laws providing for peace and
war, "with stipulations in ease of rupture,"
which the "fierce fires of war" have not con-
sumed. That Constitution has not been super-
seded by the law of nations, but it stood at the
end of the war, and still stands, vindicated and
sustained, the supreme law of the land " in
war and in peace." For those innocent of its
violation it provides protection and immunity,
and for the guilty speedy, fair trials and just
punishment. It superseded and annulled all
rules, canons, treaties, compacts, laws, and
constitutions not in harmony in letter and spirit
with its provisions. And in the language of
the Supreme Court, before quoted—
"The Constitution of the United States is law for
rulers and people, equally in war and in peace, and
covers with the shield of its protection all classes of
men at all times and under all circumstances."
This is the voice of authority and settles the
question finally and fully as to what laws are
to be executed and control in the government
of the people of the United States. Away,
then, with all those who " denounce their na-
tive land;" who would substitute the uncer-
tain, doubtful, and undefined laws of war and
of nations for our matchless written Constitu-
tion ; who would apply the musty code of the
monarchs and kings of the dark ages to the
citizens of the Republic and subject them to
the forfeitures ana penalties of the rules and
laws of barbarism ; -who, contemning and de-
nouncing the organic law of the Union, with
bloody and malignant hearts would subjugate,
confiscate, banish, burn, kill, and destroy
others for resisting a Government which they
themselves denounce as a despotism ; who
professing to be the especial champions of
liberty would destroy the only charter by
which it is secured to the people.
But it is insisted by the gentleman in his
speech and in the preamble to this bill that the
warrant for this measure is to be found in the
fact that the States called the "confederate
States of America" have "forfeited all their
rights under the Constitution."
On the 25th of January, 1866, in a speech
delivered in this House, and published in the
Globe of that date, I argued more fully than I
can now the question of forfeiture and many
of the others involved in this measure: I now
affirm all I then said. The positions taken
are, in my judgment, unanswered and unan-
swerable. I assert now as I did then, this
Government is one created under and by a
written Constitution emanating from the people
through the States acting in their highest sov-
ereign capacity. It has no powers sovereign
or otherwise except such as are granted to it
in and by that instrument. All powers not
granted are expressly reserved to the States or
the people thereof. The original purpose of
the States in forming the Union under theFed-
eral Constitution was the better to protect and
preserve each other and the rights and liber-
ties of their several communities from violence,
both from within and from without. The juris-
diction granted to it over the States was to
govern and control them as States and people
of States in the Union. It was the creature of
the States, deriving its life from them, and with-
out any power to live except in the life of the
States. Itisagrandand majestic structure; its
beautiful proportions towering high up among
the proudest nations of the earth, uplifted,
upheld, and sustained only by preserving the
States by and of which it was created. Its
highest authority and most solemn duty, self-
preservation, demands the preservation of the
States. It has no power, express orimplied, by
which it can consent to "forfeiture" by a State
of any of its rights under the Constitution. The
obligation of a State to remain in the Union and
exercise its functions and perform its duties
as a State is not an obligation to the Federal
Government alone, but to each and all the
other States, and to every citizen of the United
States. But if it were possible that a State of
the Union could "forfeit" its rights as a State,
what would become of those rights, where would
they vest? Certainly not in the Federal Gov-
ernment, because under the Constitution from
which it derives all its powers and jurisdiction
it has not the power or authority either to hold
or exercise any of the rights that properly
appertain to the States as such.
It has no use for such powers and no lawful
right to exercise them. Should it attempt to
seize, hold, or exercise or accept, even as a
forfeiture or otherwise, any rights or powers
not granted in the charter by which it, was cre-
ated it would be nothing but usurpation. It
must preserve the States and the governments
of the States and the people of the States in
order to preserve and enjoy the powers and
rights conferred upon it by them. Any other
position is destruction of the Union.
Sir, this Union is not yet destroyed. The
Constitution still binds and holds the States
together. Its provisions have not been "melted
and consumed in the iierco fires of terrible
war." It is only the fiercer fires of more ter-
rible and successful war that can melt and
consume the ligaments by which that instru-
ment binds together the States of this Union.
All other "laws, compacts, and treaties" may
"melt" and be consumed, but while the Con-
stitution remains, while its provisions stand,
war may rage, secession surge, and fanatics
howl in vain against the Union. It will stand
till the Constitution itself is melted and de-
stroyed.
There never was a more abominable doc-
trine or one more fatal to this Government
than that which asserts its right and power to
hold the late insurgent States as conquered
territory .and the people as conquered subjects.
It is a virtual denial of the power of self pres-
ervation, and a pregnant admission that the
powers assumed and the rights asserted are
not to be found in the Constitution. It is a
most base and wicked subterfuge by which to
usurp and exercise ungranted and despotic
powers. It is a doctrine no less fatal to the
Union than the Slates. If persisted in by those
in possession of the Government, and acqui-
esced in by the people, it must end in the over-
throw of the Iiepublic and the establishment
of an empire upon its ruins. It is at war with
every principle of the Constitution and a com-
plete swallowing up of the liberties of the peo-
ple it was intended to secure. Hereafter our
charters will be written grants of privileges
from the Government to the people, instead of
written grants of power by the people to the
Government. This bill can be looked upon
only as a bill granting privileges from the hand
of arbitrary power to a pretended, wicked, and
undeserving people who have forfeited all their
rights under the Constitution. It is "a crumb
from their master's table." It is a generous
gift from this magnanimous Congress of so
much of liberty and privilege to the people as
it deems prudent and best. Is not this the
plain, unvarnished theory of this Measure and
of the gentleman's speech? Ten of the States
of this Union with ten million people of the
United States have been conquered, and in
virtue of its conquest the Federal Government
is invested with all the rights and liberties of
these States and people, holding them as a
conquerer to be reluctantly doled out accord-
ing to its supreme will and pleasure by this
charter of privileges. I say relunetantly, for
even this has been delayed for almost two year§.
Have not the centuries been rolling backward?
Can we not almost see the people demanding
of Congress Magna Charta?
Sir, the doctrine that this Government can
make conquest of any of the States of this
Union is opposed to, is at war with the funda-
mental idea of the Government itself. It
would destroy the harmony of the system of
States and Union by allowing of antagonist
interests. It would offer to the General Gov-
ernment the allurement of power and aggran-
dizement not in the interest and growth of the
States and Union, but in its own separate
interest. It would nullify all the provisions
of the Constitution reserving powers to the
States and the people. It would be equiva-
lent to a bribe to the Government to destroy
the States and the liberties of the people by
the exercise of despotic powers. But it is
absurdly impossible that the United States
Government, except by usurpation, should
make "conquest" of one of the States of
which it is composed. It has certain pre-
scribed limited powers and jurisdiction with the
means and capabilities of using and exercis-
ing them, but no use for, no capacity to hold, or
means of exercising any others. It had before
the war, by the authority of the organic act
of its creation, the power and jurisdiction,
certain, defined, and limited, to control, gov-
ern, and preserve the States as^ States in the
Union. Its jurisdiction is the same now the
war is over : no greater, no less.
There is, there can be no such thing as this
Government being able to increase or enlarge
its powers or jurisdiction over the States by
" conquest." It can derive powers but in one
way and that by constitutional grant. No act
of any or all the parties to the Constitution
can take from or add to those granted thereby
in any other way than by amendment accord-
ing to the provisions of the Constitution itself.
Under the Constitution as it is, the power is
granted to the General Government to sup-
press insurrection, repel invasions, and, upon
application, protect the States from domestic
violence. It is absurd that in successfully per-
forming this duty it could by any possibility
destroy the State, or permit the State or the.,
insurfection or all together to destroy the.
State as such in the Union. And yet to "sueH
absurdities does the doctrine on which this bill
is founded lead. Let insurrection arise in any
State of the Union and the Government under-
take to suppress it; if it shall' assume propor-
tions large enough to entitle the insurgents
according to the laws of war to belligerent
rights, the nation becomes divided into two
