18G7.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2003
occasion recently I argued in the case of a bill I;
which was pending that it put our citizens in ;
the northern States upon the game footing
with rebels, and therefore it was objectionable
because there was a wide difference between
the two sections of the country. I was reported
as having said that the bill was a cruel and op-
pressive thing because it subjected rebels to
indignities or restrictions which did prevail
upon men of the North.
1 think, sir, one thing is very manifest: the ,
reports obtained by the Associated Press, a
great and important association as a public
institution, must be made more accurate or we j
must abolish them as very inconvenient and l]
productive of general injustice. Somebody 1
more competent must make reports of what we i
do and say here, or we must refuse the privi- 1
lege of having our proceedings reported. !;
Air. SHERMAN. A word on this matter. J|
Senators seem to forget that the reports of the !
Associated Press are not paid for by Congress. Ij
Congress has nothing to do with them. That j
association employs its own agents to make ;j
them, and it has them telegraphed at its own i
expense. We have nothing to do with them, |
and I think all reference to those reports by us j;
is entirely of our own motion. These reports ;
are not made by anybody responsible to Con-
gress or by anybody that Congress has any-
thing to do with. We may complain if injustice
is done, but unless we provide some mode of j!
furnishing accurate reports we cannot complain i'
of those that are made; and if we do provide |
them they need not publish them, and need j
not telegraph them. What they do is a private j
transaction of their own. I am inclined to
think, therefore, that all complaints by us
assume the appearance of complaints of the
right of the people to be here and report and
print what they choose about us.
Mr. HOWE. I did not rise for the purpose
of making any complaint or of suggesting any
remedy. I rose for the purpose of correcting
a mistake, and relying upon the justice of the
reporters of the Associated Press to correct it.
I should have gone to the gentlemen them-
selves and asked the correction if I had had
the advantage of an acquaintance with them,
which I have not. I was quite aware of what
the Senator from Ohio says, that we do not
pity lor these reports. Nevertheless, if we do
not pay for them, we have a right to ask—it is
n right which belongs not to our official posi-
tion hero, but to a common humanity—not a
right to demand that they shall say or tell of
anything we do as individuals, but we have a
ri?ht to ask that they shall not ascribe to us
what we do not do. Of course their own dis-
cretion must govern them in selecting such
transactions which take place here as they will
communicate to the country. I take it no
Senator has a right to complain that the things
he does are not detailed in these reports, but
1 think everyone of us has aright to complain
when they ascribe to us the doing of that
which we do not do. But for the happening
of this latter case I should not have thought of
troubling the Senate with any remarks.
retirement of president foster.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, at half past
ten o'clock a. m., rose and addressed the Sen-
ate as follows:
Senators: The hour for the final adjourn-
ment of the Thirty-Ninth Congress is near at
hand, and as my official connection with this
body will then terminate, I shall now vacate
the chair, to the end that you may elect a Pres-
ident of the Senate.
Twelve years have elapsed since I was first
honored with a seat in this Chamber. During
this period great events—events of the most
intense and painful interest to onr country—
events as imposing in their character, as in-
structive in their teachings, as momeiitoui in
their consequences, as any recorded in human
history—have passed before us in rapid sac-
cession. Surely we have great reason for grati-
tude and thanksgiving to Almighty God that
hitherto His hand has upheld us.
For the past two years, by your favor, I have j
occupied the chair of the Senate.. My grateful
acknowledgments are due to you for the uni-
form courtesy and forbearance which you have
manifested toward me. In the performance
of such duties as have been devolved upon me,
occasional errors and mistakes, in the imper-
fection of our nature, are probably inevitable.
No doubt I have committed my fullshare. My
honest purpose has been to act fairly and im-
partially toward all. I have wronged no one
intentionally, and if at any time it has seemed
otherwise I sincerely regret it.
In casting my eyes over the body I recognize
but four members who were here when I first
entered the Senate. Since that time eighteen
of our number have been removed by death.
These changes are admonitory, and must im-
press the mind with a sense of the fleeting and
transitory character of this stage of our being.
Though the greatest statesmen, the wisest
Senators speedily pass away, as all men mufet,
institutions founded on principles of right and
truth and justice may remain until time shall
be no longer. May our Government rest on
these sure foundations. May this Senate ever
maintain its early renown for courtesy, de-
corum, dignity, and all the proprieties and
amenities which adorn the senatorial charac-
ter. May you be enabled to do much to estab-
lish, and may you soon see established, har-
monious and amicable relations between all
portions of our country. May all causes of
alienation and estraugement be speedily and
effectually removed, and a spirit of concord
and fraternal love be everywhere diffused and
ever abide in the hearts of all our people.
May God preserve our Republic, and make
it a perpetual glory among the nations.
Senators, with feelings of the utmost respect
and kindness toward you personally, I bid you
farewell.
Mr. Foster having concluded, retired from
the chair.
election of a president pro tempore.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. Secretary, I move
that the Senate proceed to the election of a
President pro tempore.
The Secretary (John W. Forney) put the
question, and the motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. Secretary, I nom-
inate for President pro tempore Hon. Benja-
min P. Wade, one of the Senators from the j
State of Ohio. If there be no counter-nom-
ination, I will put it in the form of a resolu-
tion, so as to dispense with balloting. I offer i
the following resolution:
Reeolverl, That Hon. BkxjaMix F. Wapb, of the
State of Ohio, be, and he is hereby, chosen President
of the Senate j>ro tempore.
The resolution was agreed to: and Mr. Wade
was conducted to the chair by Mr. Anthony
and Mr. Foster.
Mr. WADE, on taking the chair, said : Be-
fore entering upon the duties of the great
office with which you have invested me, l de-
sire to express to you my profound and grate-
ful acknowledgments for this token of your
confidence and respect. You all know that I
am no parliamentarian, and I shall be obliged
to draw largely on your forbearance and indul-
gence. I therefore accept the -position with
great diffidence. I can only promise that I
will endeavor to make myself familiar with
those rules and principles which this body
has provided for its government at the earli-
est period, and I will administer them with
promptness and impartiality.
On motion by Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary wait upon the Pres-
ident of the United States and inform him that the
Senate had chosen Hon. Bkxjamis F. Wad*, one of
the Senators from the State of Ohio, President of the
Senate pro tempore.
On motion by Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered. That the Secretary inform the Hons* of
Representatives that the Senate had chosen Hon.
Benjamin F. Wadk. one of the Senators from tbe
8uta of Ohio, Prenidont of the Senate pra temper*.
thanks TO FMSWBNT v08tbr.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I know
that I speak the sentiment of every Senator
upon this floor, to whichever party he may
belong, when I bear testimony to the high
ability, the uniform courtesy, and the unvary-
ing impartiality with which the duties of Pre-
siding Officer have been discharged during the
Congress that is about to close. The chair,
sir, to which vou have been just called bv the
unanimous voice of your peers in this Cham-
ber has been filled, by election of the Senate,
by some of the most eminent men who have
embellished the annals of American states-
manship. John Langdon, Richard Henry Lee,
Theodore Sedgwick, James Barbour, Nathan-
iel Macon, William H. Crawford, William R.
King, Samuel L. Southard, Willie P. Mangum,
Hugh L. White, Solomon Foot, and others not
less eminent, have been President pro tempore
of the Senate. It is safe to say that by none
of them hare the duties of the Chair been per-
formed more to the credit of the officer or
more to the satisfaction of the Senate than by
the retiring President. Fortunate will it be for
those who shall succeed him if, when they come
to lay down the high dignity which he has just
resigned, they-shall take with them so large a
share of the respect, the confidence, and the
affection of their associates in this Chamber.
Fortunate will it be for the Senate if the same
intimate knowledge of parliamentary law and
the same prompt application of its principles
shall guide their discussions, and the same im-
partial dignity preside over their deliberations.
Mr. President, I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Retolved, That the thanks of the Senate are due,
and they are hereby tendered, to Hon. La Fatettb
S. Foster. President of the Senate pro temport for
the able, dignified, and impartial manner in which he
has discharged the responsible duties of the Chair.
The resolution was unanimously adopted,
and it was further
Ordered, That the Secretary communicate a copy
of the foregoing resolution to Hon. La Faybttb S.
Fostbb.
MESSAGE TROM THK HOU8E.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bill and joint resolutions of the
Senate:
A bill (S. No. 034) in relation to brevets in
the Army of the United States:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 148) presenting
the thanks of Congress to Cyrus W. Field ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. thanking
the Chambers of Senators and Deputies of Bra-
zil for their resolutions of sorrow and sympathy
on the death of President Lincoln : and
A joint resolution i S. II. No. 184) authorizing
Guatavus V. Fox, late Assistant Secretary of
the Navy, and the officers of the iron-clad
Miantonoraoh and gunboat Augusta to accept
presents tendered them by the Emperor of
Russia.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills : and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore :
Au act (S. No. 0001 allowing the duties on
foreign merchandise imported into the port
of Albany to be secured and paid at that
I place;
An act fS. No. 557) for the relief of James
I Fulton, paymaster in the United States Navy ;
| An act i S. No. f>8$i for the relief of Wil-
liam H. Webb: and
An act (H. II. No. 1234) to incorporate tlie
joint stock company of the Young Men's
Christian Association of Washington.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVAL OF BILLS.
A message from the President of the United
States, bv Mr. Moore, his Secretary, announced
that the "President had this day approved and
signed the following bills and joint resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 4*8) for the relief of the heirs
of John E. Booligny ;
A bill (S. No. 499) for th« relief of Frank
Pugtler. late a private soldier in company f of
