1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1327
before them. And is this in accordance with
the provisions of the Constitution of the United
Slates? I refer to the Constitution, because
it is only under that instrument and by its
authority that you have any right to govern at
all in those States; and in that Constitution it
is expressly said that within the jurisdiction
of the United States no man shall be tried
and condemned until he shall first have been
indicted before a competeet jurisdiction in the
district where the .crime has been committed,
and that he has a right to be brought face to
face with his accusers and to be tried by a jury
of the vicinage.
Now, sir, what becomes of that constitu-
tional provision in reference to eight million
people when you place them in the position
contenplated by this bill, where they may be
tried and condemned and deprived of life, lib-
erty, and property by an irresponsible military
tribunal without charge, with no opportunity
for defense, and without the intervention of a
jury?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. D AYIS obtained the floor.
Mr. HISE. I do hope the House will
indulge me and extend my time.
The SPEAKER. How much time does the
gentleman desire?
A Membek. About two hours. [Laughter.]
Mr. HISE. I have been cut off in every
speech I have made. [Laughter.] I ask
about twenty or thirty minutes.
The SPEAKER. By the order of the House
speeches are limited to fifteen minutes.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask that the gentleman's
time be extended fifteen minutes.
Mr. HENDERSON. I object.
Mr. DAVIS. I regard this, Mr. Speaker,
as an eventful day in the history of the Amer-
ican people. We are deliberating upon one
of the gravest questions that could be brought
to our consideration, one that is agitating the
country throughout its length and breadth, and
every loyal man and every disloyal man is to-
day looking to Congress to learn what shall be
its action in reference to the restoration of
peace and harmony to the Republic. I believe
that Congress has now and here a high duty to
perform. It has many high duties to perform,
and the highest of all now pressing upon it is
that which requires it to protect to the fullest
extent the loyal men and the slaves who were
made free by the action of the Government in
putting down the rebellion which sought its
overthrow.
Sir, there were in the southern States when
the rebellion was going on more than four mil-
lion slaves. They were the strength and vital
power of the southern confederacy, and the
Administration of this Government found it
necessary to strike down that power in order
to strike down the rebellion.
The proclamation of emancipation was issued
strictly as ar war measure. The slave did not
free himself; he did not remove himself from
the condition in which it was the duty of his
master to protect him; he did not of his own
volition throw off his claim upon his master to
support him; but the Government interfered;
the Government made him free, and in making
him free absolved his master from his protec-
tion and support. I say, then, that the highest
duty of the Government is to see that he enjoys
the liberty which their action not only con-
ferred but forced upon him.
There is another class of men in the South
to whom this Government is under the highest
obligations, and that is to the men who main-
tained their fealty to the Government, the men
who sustained the old flag against the powijj'
of the southern confederacy, and resisted the
influence of aristocracy, the men who were
persecuted and driven from their homes, and
whose families, homeless and shelterless at
night, often slept beneath the shadows of the
forest. The Government owes these men also
protection, and I stand here to-day to demand
that each of these duties shall be perfectly
performed.
Iu the utterance of these sentiments 1 must
say that I am actuated by not the slightest feel-
ing of malignity or resentment. I remember
that the people of the South were educated in
the presence of and surrounded by institutions
differing very far from those under which we
were educated. I appreciate the influence of
education upon opinions and character. I say
to gentlemen upon this side of the House, and
to Union men on the other side, that if we
had exchanged with southern men p'ositions,
if we had been educated in the South under
the influence of slavery, and brought up in the
presence of an aristocracy and surrounded by
its seductive influences, we might have been
secessionists, and just as honest in those sen-
timents as we are to-day in our convictions of
paramount duty to the Federal Government.
But we are to meet the question now in
reference to the duty of the Government to
those who owe it allegiance. Who are they?
The men who have lost all, the men who have
suffered in every regard, the men who have
been refugees from their homes and who have
come here to seek the protection of the Gov-
ernment. They demand that under that Gov-
ernment to which they have been loyal they
shall have a right to return to the property and
homes from which they have been ejected, and
have a right to control the interests there of
which they h^ve been deprived.
Now, sir, when the armies of tho confed-
eracy were discomfited and laid down their
arms, they acknowledged that the system of
slavery and the aristocracy upon which it was
based were gone forever, and having done
that, they should have submitted calmly and
philosophically to the result. Did they do it?
We proposed terms more magnanimous^ than
conquerers ever before offered to a subjected
foe. No rebel person so far as I know has
been brought to punishment for a violation of
allegiance to the Federal Government; no one
has been tried as a traitor, and God knows if
any man ever will bo. Unfortunately the very
clemency of the Government, its disposition
to be magnanimous and generous, has led these
people to mistake magnanimity for weakness,
and they have become proud and defiant; they
have attempted again to enslave those whom the
power of this Government has declared free ;
they have subjected them to indignity and
insult throughout the land, and under the
sanction of their courts have sold them again
into slavery. Under the sanction and with
the encouragement of municipal authorities
tho streets of southern cities have run red with
the blood of loyal and true men simply because
they were friends of the Union.
Now, sir, we are bound as a Government to
protect these true and loyal people, and if the
disorganized southern States will not have
peace on terms of conciliation, on terms of
generosity, on terms which shall assure the
protection that we owe them, they must have
peace on terms of compulsion.
And therefore, although I believe I have
been for years, I may say for my whole life, a
conservative ; although I nXjver was for a day
of my life an abolitionist; although I have
never for an hour entertained a malignant or
a revengeful feeling against the people of the
South, yet I proclaim it to be our duty to en-
force upon them such conditions before they
shall be restored to their position in the Gov-
ernment from whose protection they went forth
without provocation, as will make them peace-
ful, quiet, and obedient to the laws of the
Republic. I do not believe any measure of
legislation which we can adopt can make them
loyal. Loyalty is not a matter of legislation.
Disloyalty'is a moral disease, which must be
cured by time; and like insanity it must be
made subject to restraints. We must so legis-
late, keeping no unnecessary restraint upon
them, as to induce the development of their
material resources. Treat them with all the
kindness the circumstances will permit,, aid
them in finding the path to prosperity; and
when they see their country, which has been
desolated bvwar, again blossoming as the rose,
then I apprehend they will rfot longer be de-
posed to quarrel with the Government which is
generously inclined to forgive their crimes and
which affords them protection.
There are but three courses for us to pursue.
One course is to do nothing; that is, leave those
people as they are, leave rapine and outrage .
and violence and murder rampant through the
whole South; everything disorganized, every-
thing under rebel control. Or second, we must
pass a military bill, such as was introduced into
this House, giving unlimited absolute power to
military officers to control those people; clos-
ing their courts of law, suspending the writ of
habeas corpus, and holding them fora period
of time absolutely and entirely undefined and
unlimited in a condition from which they can-
not iu any way escape by any terms of submis-
sion, by any pledge, by any action of their own,
or by any penitence or reformation. Or in the
third place, we can pass the bill as it comes to
us from the Senate. Now, I believe that the
passage of this hill is the very best thing which
wc can do; it is the best measure for us to enact
in reference to the interests of the country,
or in reference to the interests of the people of
the South. This bill does not close the door
against mercy ; it leaves an opportunity to es-
cape from military control ana its inevitable
annoyances. When we say to these southern
and rebellious States that they may return only
upon tho condition that they put the ballot
into the hands of the men who once were their
slaves but who are now made free, we do so
alone for the reason that the action of the domi-
nant whites at the South proves that the freed-
man cannot be made safe except he has pos-
session of the ballot. Now, it is well known
that 1 have never been au advocate for the
enforcement of negro suffrage at the South,
nor would I to-day feel it my duty to support
this bill which indirectly encourages universal
suffrage if I believed that loyal men, both white
and black, would be safe without its provisions.
I submit that if the people of the southern
States had peacefully and calmly accepted the
constitutional amendment which we proffered
to them, and faithfully submitted to its pro-
visions, this legislation would never have been
introduced into this Congress. They might
and would have been restored to their repre-
sentation in these Halls; and I, for one, would
have hailed their-appearance here under such
circumstances with as much gratification as
any one could have done. But they refused'to
accept that amendment; tbey trampled it u nder
foot with scorn and contumely. They said to
the freedmen : You shall still be a slave to us;
wo will charge you with crimes before our
courts; we will so legislate as to make petty
larceny, assault and battery, and various other
minor offenses of that kind so punishable by im-
prisonment, and parties convicted of them may
be sold for a term of service. And in this way
they have already reinaugurated slavery in
some of the southern States.
Again, sir, the State of Kentucky, never
having sccedcd from the Union, with a mag-
nanimity unlimited and most unwise by the
repeal of her law imposing political disabilities
upon disloyal citizens, enfranchised every rebel
who had been in the service of tho confederate
States. What to-day is the condition of affairs
in the State of Kentucky? Why, sir, her
political power is wielded by rebel hands.
Rebel generals, wearing the insignia of the
rebel service, walk the streets of her cities
admired and courted; while Union officers,
with their wounds yet unhealed, are ostracised
both in political, commercial, and social life.
I shall therefore support this bill, not from
choice, but from necessity; not because I desire
to extend military sway over any portion of the
American people, not because 1 wish for a law
to unnecessarily deny to the southern States
their representation in Congress, but because
I believe that the exigencies of the Republic
and our- duty to protect our loyal citizens
demand its passage.
[Here the hammer fell.] _
Mr. LOAN. Mr. Speaker, no political ques-
tion which has for a long time come before
