504
THE COMGRESSIOMU/ &LOB&
^parties and the, party that shall finally submit
nas forfeited' all rights under the Constitution
and is subject to the will of the other as a
Conqueror under the law of nations.
If the Federal Government should be called
on to;protect the State from domestic violence
shd the disturbing party shbuld be able in any
manner to possess'itself of the State, so as to
deprive the inhabitants' for the time being of
all civil government; and should magnify its
powers and increase its numbers so that under
the. human laws of modern warfare, the laws
that govern public war, should be recognized as
applicable to its conduct, such a State and all
tne {nhatttants thereof, when finally the Gov-
ernment should conquer, will have lost all their
rights except only such as may be found in the
law of nations as applicable when one nation
Conquers another. '
The bare statement of such a proposition
shows it to be preposterous. The Constitution
is the paramount and ever-continuing law,
both in war and in peace. The Army can only
be used in aid of its enforcement. It is clear
that no warrant for-this measure can bo found
in the Constitution. The gentleman certainly
has not claimed it. fTo one believing in the
truth of the preamble of this bill will claim any
constitutional power for; it under that section:
"the United States shall guaranty to every
State in this Union a republican form of gov-
ernment." The bill goes upon the theory that
they are not now States in the Union ; indeed,
that they are not States at all. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania styles them States never
"restored from a state of conquest," "out-
lawed States," and says:
"Congress denies that any State lately in rebellion
has any government or constitution known to the
Constitution of the United States, or which can be
recognized as a part of the Union."
If, then, these are not States, or if not
"States in this Union,!' that provision of the
Constitution has no reference to them. It re-
fers in express terms to States "in " the Union
only. The Government has no such power,
and is under no such obligation to any other
States. There is then no law, no constitutional
power for this measure, and no rightful power
for holding these States in a state of "con-
guest." The war long since finished its bloody,
its devastating work of suppressing the in-
surrection and putting down the rebellion. All
have submitted, combatants stnd people, and
admit that the Constitution is the supreme law
of the land in all emergencies for rulers and
people. To hold these States as the gentle-
man says they are held, as "outlawed" States
in a "state of conquest," is the usurpation
and exercise of despotic and tyrannical power
in its most odious form, and will assuredly end
in the destruction of all constitutional govern-
ment.
Sir, a fearful responsibility rests upon those
who would continue thi3 state of things. Let
us not flatter ourselves that this appetite for
dismantling and devouring States and con-
verting them into Territories will be satiated
with the ten States now claimed by conquest;
the more it devours the more it will demand.
Already it has been declared by the leader of
the majority here that the constitutions of
Maryland and Kentucky, and even his own
State of Pennsylvania, States as patriotic as
any in the Union, ought to be reformed and
made to accord with the congressional idea of
republican government."* A few months more
of rapid progress and advancement like that
of the last two years, and Congress will provide
constitutions for all the States in accordance
with its view of the spirit of the age and of
republican government. Congress by its usurp-
ations and assumption of powers and its grow-
ing hostility to the other coordinate depart-
ments of the Government is rapidly becoming
the most fearful despotism that ever menaced
liberty in this country. Through its acknowl-
edged leader it scandalously denounces the
decision of the highest tribunal as "infamous;"
calls God to witness that the Chief Magis-
trate of the nation shall obey Congress, and
January
with most audacious effrontery falsely declares
Congress is the peoj>lfe.'r With the provision
now being made by it for perpetual session
there seems to be but one step more, and that
is to declare the office for life, with the right,
by will, to name a successor.
No candid man can deny that this measure
is revolutionary. " That we are in a state of
revolution seems to be admitted by the advo-
cates of this bill—a revolution by whomsoever
"concurred" in is now adopted and carried
on by th.e majority of this Congress. It is a
revolution more dangerous to the Republic,
more hostile to its underlying its' essential
principles, than that which was prosecuted by
armed rebellion. That was for separation, for
a separate republic. The government it was
to establish was founded on a written consti-
tion with provisions challenging the respect of
the_ most liberal and enlightened minds, and
which, had it not been for its provision for
slavery, would have been no reproach to any
age or to any people. The revolution of to-
day is against our written Constitution, and if
successful will convert the Union into a des-
potism. Think not this can be done in peace
or without the shedding of blood. It is not
well to forget the fearful throes of the nation
when secession would have rent the Constitu-
tion asunder and severed the Union. Peace-
able consolidation is as impossible as peace-
able secession. "Let us alone," will no more
avail in the one ease than the other. The
people will not relish empire more than a dis-
membered Union. All history is not a lie.
Human hearts and human passions are not all
unlike what they have been in the past. The
order of our Government cannot be reversed
without-a desperate struggle. The people will
not long brook to crawl at the feet of despotic
power, or beg their rights and liberties from
the hands of one or two hundred despots. The
people know the source of sovereignty is the
people. " Congress is" not "thepeople." The
people acting through the States created the
United States, to protect, defend, and pre-
serve, not to destroy, the. States. Twenty-six
States are not the United States.
The charter of the people's liberties did not
come down from Congress. All the sovereign
powers of Congress are named in the people's
charter to Congress. In that charter is all
your warrant. Go beyond it and you invade
liberty. When liberty is invaded all but slaves
and despots resent, and sooner or later will
resist the invasion. It is the common cause
of all who are worthy to be.free. It is the cause
of the people against power. In such a conflict
liberty and justice will be not only vindicated,
but their wrongs will be redressed and the mal-
efactors punished. Retribution may be slow,
but it will come with unerring certainty, meas-
ured by the hand of divine justice.
Mr. Speaker, I hope, I devoutly pray these
troublous times may have an end without
further sacrifice of fraternal blood; that our
sonstitutional rights and liberties may not be
lost in this fanatical revolution. Let sectional
hatred and all revenge be buried in oblivion.
Reconciliation is the only restoration. This
Congress has never avowed any "policy" for
either. The gentleman admits if we ask even
now "what is the policy of Congress, the
answer is not always at hand." It is time that
answer were ready; it is time all were satisfied
and assured. Delay awakens doubt and dis-
trust and begets danger. If those who pant
for more blood could reflect, they too would
discard further sanguinary measures. Malig-
nant passion has counseled long enough ; let it
slumber. Is it not enough to enslave ten
million people; hold them in a "state of con-
quest for two years?" Congress has oppor-
tunity such as no other body of men ever had,
such as I fear it may never have again, by a
word to speak peace, reconciliation, amity to
a suffering and unhappy country. A brave
and unarmed people lie conquered at your feet,
bowed in spirit and oppressed with many sor-
rows. They have surrendered all for which
they contended on the battle-field and more
than you demanded before they gave to you
their arms. Let not the pride of victory, pas--
sion, or revenge make you unjust and change
your victory into defeat.
Generosity never lost the conqueror "any-
thing; cruel and unwise exactions have re-
nerved many an arm and renewed many a
struggle. Better than \hat subjugation and
oppression should eontb *e follow the exam-
ple of the monster Duke A Alvah; take twenty
thousand to the block and be satisfied. Two
hundred thousand may not satisfy the people
for wrong and injustice long continued.
During Mr. Eldridge's remarks the hour
of half past four having nearly arrived, on
motion of Mr. Le Blond, by unanimous con-
sent the session was extended till a quarter to
five o'clock, at which time, pursuant to order,
the House took a reee^l till seven and a half
o'cloek p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at seven and a half
o'clock p. m., (Mr. Ecklby in the ehair.)
Mr. WARNER. At the opening of this Con-
gress we were confronted by a most extraor-
dinary and dangerous condition of national
affairs. The war which had crowded into the
space of four years the events, transmutations,
changes, and progress of ordinary centuries,
had spent its force ; the passkms and purposes
and energies of the nation were no longer
entirely absorbed in the marshaling of armies
and in their deadly conflicts. On one hand
the insurgents had sullenly withdrawn from
that arena discomfited, having renounced none
of their iniquities or crimes, or abandoned, any
of their errors, prejudices, or ultimate pur-
poses to control the Government. On the
other hand, the loyal nation, swayed by all the
delirium of success, surveyed the scene of their
untold sacrifices and conflicts, stirred to no
purposes of vengeance, moved to no act of
retribution, impelled to no excess of action,
and seemingly scarcely susceptible of any
emotion or virtue but charity, or of being
awakened to any consciousness or belief but
that of the absolute safety of our then more
than ever imperiled country.
The.conflict of arms had shocked the world,
had wrung an unparalleled tribute of torture
from humanity, and scarred the face of the
continent. But the rebellion had not spent its
force in brute concussion alone. It had changed
the whole course of our civilization; it had
settled forever many doubtful and long-debated
questions of constitutional right and govern-
mental policy; it had crystalized all political
elements and forces, and arrayed them either for
or against the national unity and national life.
But beyond this it had a still higher significance.
A rebellion of political elements, of ideas,
and an antagonistic system of government, it
had marshaled all their constituent elements
and forces; it had marshaled a nation extem-
porized ; it had States with all their high, sacred
trusts and guardianships, and peoples with all
their fortunes, hopes, and civilization, and in
that death struggle for the mastery of the nation,
with all the terrible energy of despair, had cast
them into the scale, and lost, for they were the
hazard of the die.
Discuss it as we may, torture the actual facts
and condition as we will, refine and sublimate
this matter as we please, this Congress was
called to contemplate and provide for this state
of facts. Ten insurgent communities, com-
prising ten million people, lawfully under the
disability of unsuccessful treason and war,
conquered by no other force than arms, held
to our dominion then, and now, by that force
alone, and who, by the laws of war and of
conquest, speaking in their adjudications as
the highest arbiter of Christendom and above
all other laws and constitutional formula, had
forfeited all civil rights and all civil government.
We were called to contemplate and act upon
these admitted facts. Six million people, law-
ful belligerents, owing to our sovereignty alle-
giance, having no rights toward their former
