1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2005
PREPARATION FOR ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Remlved, That a committee consisting of two mem-
bers be appointed to join such committee as may be
appointed by the House of Representatives, to wait
upon the President of the United States, and inform
him that unless he may have some further communi-
cation to make, the two Houses of Congress, having
finished the business before them, are ready to ad-
journ.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore was, by unan-
imous consent, authorized to appoint the com-
mittee, and Mr. Anthony and Mr. Hendricks
were appointed.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVAL OF BILLS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Johnson, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President of the United States
had approved and signed this day the following
acts and joint resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 463) for the relief of Rev.
Samuel M. Beatty, of Ohio;
A bill (S. No. 611) to extend to and for the
benefit of Eliza Wells letters-patent heretofore
issued to Henry A. Wells, deceased ;
A bill (S. No. 606) to amend an act entitled
"An act for the removal of causes in certain
cases from State courts," approved July 27,
1866;
A bill (S. No. 557) for the relief of James
Fulton, paymaster United States Navy;
A bill (S. No. 509) to amend certain acts in
relation to the Navy;
A bill (S. No. 584) for the relief of Captain
Elias Beale, company H, eighth regiment Ten-
nessee volunteer infantry;
A bill (S. No. 588) for the relief of William
H. Webb;
A bill (S. No. 609) allowing the duties on
foreign merchandise imported into the port of
Albany to be secured and paid at that place ;
A bill (S. No. 634) relating to brevets in the
United States Army;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 148) present-
ing the thanks of Congress to Cyrus W. Field;
A joint resolution (S. It. No. 173) to facili-
tate the settlements of accounts of disbursing
officers ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 178) in relation
to national banking associations;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 179) for the
exchange of certain public documents :
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 183) thanking
the Chambers of Senators and Deputies of
Brazil for their resolutions of sorrow and
sympathy on the death of President Lincoln ;
and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 184) authoriz-
ing Gustavus Y. Fox, Assistant Secretary of
the Navy, and the officers of the iron-clad
Miantonomah and gunboat Augusta, to accept
presents tendered them by the Emperor of
Russia.
CLOSE Oi' THE SESSION.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to the resolution of the Senate for the appoint-
ment of a committee to wait upon the Presi-
dent of the United States, and inform him that
unless he may have some further communi-
cation to make the two Houses of Congress,
having finished the business before them, are
ready to adjourn; and that it had appointed
Mr. H. L. Dawes of Massachusetts and Mr.
F. C. Le Blond of Ohio the committee on its
part.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the joint committee
appointed to wait upon the President of the
United States and inform him that, unless he
had^ome further communication to make, the
two Houses of Congress, having finished the
business before them, are ready to adjourn,
reported that they had performed the duty
assigned them, and that the President had
replied "that he had no further communica-
tion to make to Congress, and that he wished
the Senators and Representatives a safe return
to their families and homes."
The hour of twelve, noon, having arrived—
The PRESIDENT pro tempore declared that
the allotted term of the Thirty-Ninth Congress
having expired, the Senate was adjourned
sine die.
39tii Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 127.
