1667.
fHS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS
m
State governments, and outlaw's tinder the
national Government; a people in fact launched
by their act of unsuccessful treason into the
shoreless sea of anarch^,- hiving neither a
government nor the right of government, but,
nevertheless, subjects of government"; having
neither laws nor the right to laws, property,
nor the right of property, nor any other right,
but holding all, even life itself, upon the-tenure
of the arbitrary will of the conqueror!
We were called to contemplate and provide
for four million people, who by the. act of
the nation as the price of its life had received
the highest benison of all human governments,
the right to liberty and American citizenship.
It became our duty as far as possible to lift
the load of woe which the degradation of two
centuries of oppression and slavery had not in
vain heaped on the head of that devoted peo-
ple ; to eradicate as far as possible by all
humane and congenial legislation those obsta-
cles which otherwise would prevent their being
incorporated into the bo.dy-politic, and which
would inevitably hereafter render them not
only a dangerous element to our political and
national stability, but a financial problem the
solution of which might involve the-questiori of
national financial disaster and ruin.
These were presentments which, well might
confound our philanthropy and tax the utmost
resources of our highest order of statesman-
ship. But this was not all. •. The national Ex-
ecutive had proclaimed the fact of the entire
extinction of all State government in the in-
surgent States. He had ignored every con-
stitutional function which they could perform ;
and arrested, imprisoned, or driven into exile
every functionary who dared to assume or ex-
ercise a right or function' under those govern-
ments. He had proclaimed and issued his
edicts to that effect, that' new State govern-
ments should be created' in the place of those
subverted, through the medium of the loyal
people alone ; and made the determination of
that loyalty to. depend upon unjust, unwise,
and arbitrary rules, with no appeal to any other
department of the Government, but prescribed
and enforced to suit the caprices of his pas-
sions and prejudices and more than imperial
will. He had placed the iron heel of State
and national disfranchisement upon the entire
people, and suffered their communities and
States to commence their existence alone
through his license and the medium of his
amnesty and pardon.
He had compelled these communities and
States thus organized to submit to the behests
of their military governors and dictators, ap-
pointees and creatures of his ; and through
them molded their several constitutions and
internal policies, not in conformity to the de-
sires or political sentiments of their people,
but in conformity to his own ; and these bas-
tard State governments, having no legitimate
origin either in the people of those States or
as an emanation of the State or nafSonal gov-
ernments, but wrung from a conquered and
violated people as the price of their submission
to his policy, having representatives subser-
vient to his purposes, he presented to this
Congress with an audacity shocked at no incon-
sistency ; proclaiming the entire work of recon-
struction and restoration of these States an
accomplished fact, and denying that any other
department of the Government had the prerog-
ative, power, or right to question the effect of
such action on the nation, or to call in question
either his power or purposes in the premises.
Thus had been stricken from existence the
whole fabric of southern society. Their State
and municipal governments, State and munici-
pal institutions, had as a fact all been subverted;
and the champion of State immutability and
State inviolability would do #ell to square his
logic in the light of this incontestable and in-
exorable fact. The insurgent State govern-
ments upon which the revolution opened, and in
fact those upon which it closed, were then as
now presented to us as defunct and dead, as
inoperative and inexistent as are the ancient
Governments of Thebes, Palmyra, or Greece
to-day. And this stupendous factwas but result-
ant from another fact, admitted and acted upon
by every department of the Government, the
moral and political incapacity of the people of
those States at that time to be exponatea by a
State government having any constitutional,
relation to or rights as against the national
Government, for aH connection with that Gov-
ernment had been severed, excepting alone
the indissoluble bond of national citizenship
and consequent allegiance.
Under such embarrassments and circum-
stances we were called to address ourselves to
the duties imposed upon us by our position.
The permanent peace of the country, the pub-
lic safety, the reestablishment of our national
authority, the material and permanent welfare
of the insurgent communities, and all the in-
ducements to the sway of law, order, civiliza-
tion, and human progress demanding our im-
mediate attention. Never were such respon-
sibilities imposed upon a deliberative body,
and never was there such an occasion for the
exercise of pure, patriotic, and enlightened
statesmanship. But for this action of the
Executive, then was the first opportunity since
the organization of the Government, when the
bright dreams and higKjiurposes of its found-
ers, the absolute security of the blessings of
liberty to us an'd our posterity, could possibly
have been realized ; and a failure of any de-
partment of the Government at that juncture
to cooperate in the attempt to secure that re-
sult to the utmost possible extent was a crime
which'cannot fail to invoke the severest con-
demnation of impartial history.
But, sir, it is evident that this action of the
'Executive was deliberately intended to thwart,
pervert, and prevent anticipated action of this
Congress ; to shorten the arm of its human-
ity, and weaken the sanctions of all possible
requirements it might make of the insurgents
before the people. It is evident that thereby
he intended to place himself at the head of
antagonisms in the public sentiment of the
people of the South, which had arrayed that
people, with such a deadly purpose and effect,
against the life of the nation. It is evident
that he thereby intended to fan the fires of the
spirit of the rebellion until he had warmed
into life a political organization with which,
with himself at the head, he might hereafter
successfully contend for the control of the Gov-
ernment. And this step was not hastily taken;
this action was' not resolved upon without a
deliberate calculation of the forces and ener-
gies by which his purposes were to be accom-
plished. What if the course proposed involved
a betrayal of party pledges, denial of pro-
fessed political confidence, and an abandon-
ment of all pretense of consistency. He well
calculated that the cohesive power of the spoils
of public plunder would be sufficient to make
party of thieves even; that sycophancy would
still faWn" and flatter, and political success be
sufficient to obliterate every remembrance of
political inconsistency. He supposed that he
had the gage of the passions and prejudices of
the popular mind, and was prepared to feed
those passions and inflame its delusions. He
had weighed in the scale of his own integrity
the honor, integrity, and constancy of the
nation, and coldly, yet vainly, calculated the
amount of patronage and appiiaiiees required
to bribe ana prostitute them to his ends.
Thus bent upon his purposes, no concession
by us, excepting those which surrendered our
manhood, which abnegated the functions we
hold, and left the country a prey to desperate
political adventurers, could have averted the
storm which subsequently burst on the country.
The country will bear witness to the fact that
for months this Congress sat under the imputa-
tion of almost imbecile weakness because we
hesitated to accept the issue which the Exec-
utive so defiantly and tauntingly hurled in our
teeth. We hesitated until the country almost
commenced to doubt our fidelity to principle
or our constancy to serve them. I am appeal-
ing now to facts within the consciousness of us
all, how we hesitated and demurred for the
manifestations of his pleasure with reference
to every act we considered, no matter how
necessary our immediate action or how vital
to the country; how, day by day, we were
startled by hia inconstant and incoherent utter-
ances, as with all the pomp of pontiff, he pro-
mulgated them for the public press or public
ear, to awe the timid, to distract the weak, and
poison the confiding heart of the people against
us; how once and again, presuming upon his
confidence and cooperation, even the presump-
tion of confidcnce was repelled by vetoes;
couched in the lowest appeals to the vulgar
prejudices of the country against us; and how
unwilling still to let him go we palliated his
short-comings and excused his follies until the
appearance of longer reposing confidence on
our part was criminal, for the fact of his
apostacy and betrayal had been roweled into
the previously confiding heart of the country.
But, sir, when we sit in t^e shadows of this
rebellion, the greatest Conflict of centuries f
when we contemplate its ^cope, its aims, its
purposes and origin, its cruel exactions of hu-
man suffering, its drafts upon the energies of
this generation, and the relentless mortgage it
has imposed upon the right hand of its poster-
ity, and its necessary effect upon our future
governmental policy; and contemplate also the
fact that the issues it precipitates into the pol-
itics of the nation are the land-nTarks of na-
tional progress, are the scales upon which we
are given to read the elevations arid depressions
of humanity j when we contenSplate that these
issues were for the ultimate decision of the
heart and brain of the nation, this action of
the Executive, in thus arrogating to himself
the sole prerogative of their adjustment or set-
tlement, assumes a hideous magnitude of error,
not to say criminality. Contemplated in its
moral aspects it has all the profanity of a taunt
against the purposes of the Almighty. It is
the interposition of a man's hand against the
light of Heaven, or His will, to check the irre-
sistible motion of the spheres.
But, contemplated as politics:! action, if had
no legitimate object and wWs an unwarrantable
provocation to the disturbance of the publie
mind. The people had become fully convinced
that it was the prerogative of Congress to fix
and settle the status of the insurgent States in
the Union. It was a popular instinct of the
people. It was their conviction, drawn from
their knowledge of the precepts of the Consti-
tution, from the teachiftgs of history, and the
overbearing demands of the public safety.
Were the liberties of the people any less safe
in the hands of Congress than in those of any
other department of the Government ? Does
history present a single encroachment upon
the liberties of the people by the popular
branch of a representative Government? Was
it even possible, under our theory of govern-
ment, that such encroachments should come
except through the executive department*?
The framers of the Constitution wisely antici-
pated the answer to these questions. The
manner in which they interposed the cheeks
and balances of that instrument, and the pla-
cing of the exercise of the powers of other
departments of the Government under onr
ultimate control by providing for the impeach-
ment of their officers, is an answer to any spec-
ulation on the subject; and the ominous retort
of Sir Edward Coke to the arrogant message
of Charles I to the House of Commons, at a
time when they were considering the exercise
of the king's prerogative and warning the
Commons against such 'a course, " that it is
the duty of this House to^ moderate the king's
prerogative—nothing which reacheth to abuse
that may not be treated here," may yet receive
a far more significant utterance in our own
history than when it was first chronicled in the
history of English liberty.
But one word as to the pretenses arid guise
under which the rebellion, discomfited in
arms, precipitates itself into this Congress to
grasp the scepter of the power of the nation.
Of course, Mr. Chairman* high constitutional
sanctions are easily found. Subterfuges and
