TH1 OOHGRBSSIOML GLOB®.
January 18,
President
... .,r   jous control
fbe limitations and conditions upon which they
were organized) and upon which their. exist-
ence respectively depends. He and they have
made .these State governments object to
our will. Indeed, at tie. fpa%- that was an
express condition of his p,obey. These States
accepted that policy: h$ve they any right to
complain of it^^jiis?
In his instru^^jqs^to Governor, Sharkey the
President efgr^ssly informs him. that the-gov-
ernment which .•might result from his appoint-
ment must. he understood lias provisional
only." Jn his instructions to Governor Mar-
vin,of Florida, he insists that* the restoration
contemplated by his policy must be distinctly
understood as being at all times; subject to the
Control or': appro val of Congress.'' The proc-
lamations upon which all other of these States
■were attempted to be reorganized were iden-
tical, "and such was the conceded policy of tlie
President's policy at the inception of these
governments. Now, by what show of consist-
ency do the President and the friends of these
States now insist upon the inviolability of these
State governments and. that they are above any
action, we in. our. wisdom may see fit to take
with reference to them ? By whom has one
conceded, power been circumscribed? What
poT^eror&ct now intervenes that.was not then
ag .potent as now ?
* Bui the President, pleading for the inviola-
bility of these State governments, now insists
that Congress is estopped against the imposi-
tion of any terms upon -these States. He says
that they '' have exercised the highest functions
of States, that of participating in the alteration
of the Constitution of the General Govern-
ment." The argument is, " they accepted the
constitutional amendment abolishing slavery,
therefore they have necessarily all the powers
and righjts qf all Qther States.'' But was the part
taken by those States State legislation or Fed-
eral dictation? Was that action the action of
the people or the' pursuasion of Federal bayo-
nets? Was the action of any legal efficacy?
Was slavery even in existence to abolish ? Was
the sham of the passage of that amendment by
those States legislation, or a bargain for pardon
of those who flayed the part of passing it? This
pretended action of tlie States was a burlesque
On the name of legislation. The State govern-
ments pretending to pass or ratify the amend-
ment were purely the-creatures of the Federal
Government. Those pretended Legislatures
were not known to the constitution or laws of
those States, but were bodies born of Federal
power and installed oyer those States at the
point of the bayonets of the national Army, to
play the-part to be assigned to them, by the
caprices of the central power and policy of the
national Executive at Washington. This pre-
tended ratification or acceptance of the con-
stitutional amendment was the simple playing
of that part of the programme.
* But how quickly this claim of the Executive
dissolves at the touch of the test of his own
logic. He and his partisans now insist that it
is as essential that all the States should be rep-
resented in Congress to the proper submission
of an amendment of the Constitution as to
participate in their passage or acceptance. Yet
all know this amendment, thus accepted by
those States, was submitted, they not participat-
ing in the act. Thus the Executive urges upon
us the indorsement of a nugatory act of the
General Government as the validating act of
these States. Why, we ask, does the Executive
insist upon the fact that we are estopped deny-
ing the validity of these governments. From
the fact that they have ratified this amendment
unlawfully and unconstitutionally submitted, as
he claims.
But, sir, he tells us that the executive and
judicial departments have been singularly coin-
cident in recognizing these States, and there-
fore again we are estopped from denying their
institutional validity. The answer to that is,
that the determination of the question as to
■whether a pretended State government is a
lawful constitutional form of government is a
legislative act expressly so declared by the Su-
preme Court, and a question which neither the
Executive nor the Supreme Court have any
right to anticipate the action of Congress with
reference thereto.
But, sir, are we to be seriously told that be-
cause the Supreme Court recognizes the ge-
ographical State of South Carolina as the boun-
dary of a judicial district or State, that therefore
this or that form of State government &est up
within that State is a valid constitutional farm,
of government? That there is. no difference,
between a judicial and a political State, or be-
tween n geographical State and an actual con-
stitutional form of State government under our
Constitution?
Upon such platitudes and assumptions as
these the President in his recent message risea
to be the mentor of this Congress. With an
air of protestation against our supposed claim-
to impose all conditions in our judgment neces-
sary to the public safety upon these insurgent
communities, "he solemnly protests "against
any change by usurpation.'' But, sir, before,
the President enters his protest against our
action as "usurpation" he would do well to
square his own action by the maxim of his
own arrogant warning to us, a coequal and
coordinate department of the Government,
In less th&n two brief years of office he has
exercised more questionable powers, assumed
mpre doubtful constitutional functions, oblit-
erated more constitutional barriers, and inter-
posed more corrupt schemes to the expression'
of the popular sentiment or will of the people
than all other Executives since the existence
of the Government. And such has been the
verdict of the people upon his Administration.
Such was the arraignment, of his Administra-
tion before the people in the last elections, and
such their judgment of condemnation against
him.
But. while for one year the Administration
have arraigned us for '1 usurpation,'' from the
fact- that we have not conceded the legitimacy
of the presidential bantlings of these insurgent
State governments, how has the Administra,-
tion conducted toward them? Upon his theory
oftherightsoftheseState governments, at whose
door really lies tie charge of usurpation toward
them ? This Congress, in the neglect of its duty,
as I have claimed, has not yet done one posi-
tive act affecting the integrity of these govern-
ments. But in what single act of the Executive
has he practically conceded their full rights as
States? Has he in any instance treated these
several States as anything, more than military
dependencies? For many months after these
States were in full blast, after they had elected
Senators and Representatives to this body, he
held their archives in the iron chests of his
military governors, and governed and ruled
them by proclamations and military orders, ful-
minated by him from this city with all the
imperious efficiency of the royal rescripts of
an Alexander or Napoleon.
He suffers and provides for the convocation
of their Legislatures; the time designated is
fixed, not in accordance with the constitution
or laws of the State, but fixed with reference to
the procuration of certain legislation before
the assembling of Congress, and with a view
to prevent its anticipated action. But when
thus assembled, their military governors advise
him that it is doubtful whether they will con-
cede the required legislation; he is advised
that the "temper of the body is bad;" in fact,
they are contumacious; but as a corrective the
withholding of their pardons is suggested; it
is done, and the legislation is obtained. The
Legislatures ofthese pretended sovereign States
enter upon the experiment of legislation; they
pass enactments; but under the. persuasive
suggestion of arrest, trial, condemnation, and
hanging of all executive, judicial, or ministe-
rial officers of those States attempting their
enforcement, the President gives to those
States, to this House, and the world a practi-
cal exemplification of the powers and rights
of a "sovereign State'' fully reconstructed
under his poliey . Sir, the whole course of the
President touching these States, taken with his
claims to their right to be recognized by Con-
gress, ia a perfect marvel and infatuation of
inconsistency.
But has he recognized these insurgent State
governments as full constitutional States?
How has be done it ? By the appointment of
provisional governors, he says. This was done,
he says, to restore the suspended functions of
the Stat« government. But are not the func-
tions of the State government and the func-
tionary inseparable? Were these provisional
governors State functionaries ? Were they to
exercise any known constitutional functions,
either of the State or national governments?
Most assuredly not. They were neither creat-
ures; upon whose shoulders a lawful State
government could be cast, from whose loins
one could spring, nor through whose line of
descent one could succeed. They are simply
monsters in the whole constitutional policy
and family of the Government.
Sir, upon what theory are your provisional
governments established, and what is a " pro-
visional government?" What is it, sir, but a
government extemporised by the force of mere
necessity alone ? What is its basis in the State
except the extinction of all former State gov-
ernment? Such was the solemn, but now for'
gotten proclamation of the Executive in this
case. It is not a constitutional government,
nor the legitimate outgrowth of such, govern-
ment. It is the fruit of revolution; it is the
necessity of the State not yet erystalized into
law; it is the revivification and return of reason
to the body-politic as it startles from the em-
brace of anarch^, civil disability, and civil
death. It is a provisional government, because
no other government exists; it is a provisional
government, because there is neither the power
nor right of the government it deposes to pro-
vide for or perpetuate its successor. And upon
any other assumption a provisional government
is treason, is revolution, and anarchy in the
State.
These are some of the reflections inducing
my mind to the belief that it is not only the
prerogative, but the duty of Congress to assume
control of this matter of the reconstruction of
these insurgent communities. The organiza-
tion of the Stale gov cm menu was never claimed
to have been upon any other than this express
condition. The people of these States fully
understood the matter, and until the Executive
had placed himself, in violation of his pledges,
in open hostility to the exercise of this power
by Congress, would never have denied its right,
noropposed itsassertion. \ Whetherthese State
governments should be allowed to continue,
with the further imposition of all terms con-
sistent with the absolute safety of the nation,
and with the provision and assurance by Con-
gress that they shall be accepted and validated
upon their acceptance in good faith, orwhether
the loyal people of those States should be al-
lowed and authorized by Congress to establish
a government, which government should be
recognized by Congress as the legal State gov-
ernment of those States, are means looking to
the same ends, each involving the exercise of
undoubted powers of Congress, and upon the
adoption of either one or the other I should
have no difference with the majority of this
House when the same was determined upon^>
But, in the language of my colleague, I would
require these guarantees of the national safety
to be firmly embedded in the bulwarks of the
Constitution. I would require them to fix for-
ever the high endowment of national citizen-
ship as the right of all; and place beyond peril
the liberty and equal civil rights of all. I
would have them declare in unequivocal lan-
guage the nation's supremacy and duty on all
questions and subjects affecting either, and I
would gird the national Government with au-
thority sufficient to crush every assumption of
power or right to impair the one or jeopardize
the enjoyment of the other.
How, sir, can we do otherwise unless we
abandon the Government? There never was
