1861.
ram CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
any alternative in this matter. Qui hesitancy
has been and is our weakness. The necessity
of the nation demands it. The people have
rejected the policy of the Executive. These
States make no overtures, and they have up to
this spurned any attempt on oar part to offer
any. The power of this Congress, backed by
the loyal people, is the only power they will
respect or is left for the nation to exercise in
our future reconstruction. Of course we shall
meet the opposition of the President, of the
rebels, and the Democratic party. We have
not the right nor wish to expect otherwise.
Up to this time they have arrayed themselves
in impotent opposition to every measure eon-
templated calculated to give humanity a-bigher
elevation or to secure for it any permanent
benefit as a reward for all its sacrifices and
struggles in the war. And, sir, I consider this
to be one of the most lamentable exhibitions
of political degeneracy. What measure look-
ing to either of these" ends has received the
sanction of either the Democracy or the Pres-
ident? Which one has not invoked their bitter
and most implacable opposition? It seems to
me that their whole course up to this hour has
been but a merciless attempt at the crucifixion
of humanity. It has been up to this time but
a little less than a jargon of constitutional pro-
tests against its every effort to assert itself, and
that, too, at the expense of every possible claim
of political consistency.
The Democratic party in their national con-
Yention at Chicago explicitly
" Resolved^ That the interference of the military
authorities of the United States in the elections, of
the States was a shameful violation of the Constitur
tion, and a repetition of such acts would be held as
revolutionary and resisted by all the powers under
their control."
At the same time their prominent leading men
in Congress and elsewhere insisted thaf the peo-
ple of the insurgent States without enabling aets
of Congress could not assume their former rights
of representation in Congress. But now the
President steps in, and as a pure military meas-
ure stamps out the de facto State government
in those States by the same military power,
inaugurates new ones in their stead by that
power, molds and controls and superintends
all the minutest details of their governments,
and denies to Congress any voice in the matter.
One would naturally suppose that here is the
very provocation to awaken the jealousy of the
Democracy, our constitutional guardians, and
stir their blood to the revolution they threat-
ened. But all at once they lose all their ab-
horrence of military rule, or to the exercise of
the worst and most arbitrary feature of its
power.
Now, the very governments which they threat-
tened to resist by revolution they propose to
inaugurate by the same means, and their press
at the North now discuss and seriously enter-
tain the question of deposing Congress at the
point of the bayonet that they may accomplish
that end. Why is it, and what are the motives
for this unaccountable and degrading incon-
sistency. I submit it is here. These govern-
ments are now the means of Democratic and
rebel power. These State governments are
the needed instruments of political ostracism
and disfranchisement of the only loyal element
of the South. Because they now need these
military pretended State governments as the
impassable gulf over which the national Gov-
ernment cannot pass, as they otherwise would,
to rescue the loyal white and black man of
those States from the rack and torture to which
the baffled seething passions of the rebellion
have consigned them.
The expedient of the Freedmen's Bureau
was to be resorted to. It was a measure follow-
ing in the furrows of war with the seeds of
permanent peace. It proposed to take a race
of four milhon people representing the labor-
ing producing element of the insurgent States,
" houseless,homeless wanderers on the earth,''
with no possible knowledge of their rights, in
a society inimical to every influence that could
possibly elevate or protect them, and for a
temporary season protest their person, their
lives, and the property acquired by their hott-
est toil. With the Bureau directed and ad-
ministered as humanity and justice demanded,
the labor of those communities would have
doubled their products, produced nearly a bal-
ance of foreign trade in our favor, reduced the
volume of our currency an incalculable amount,
and converted those States—now only a tax
upon the benefieiaries of the nation—into
communities contributing toward the expense
of the Government, and thereby relieved the
loyal North from almost the entire burdens
of the war. But these military State govern-
ments, then supported and trembling upon the
military arm of the nation, in faet too weak
without this measure to afford protection to
this class, and too infamous not to- attempt it,
we were told by the Democracy was the wall
of adamant through which the fall constitu-
tional power of the nation could not penetrate
to accomplish that end.
More than ten years since the Sultan of the
Turkish empire issued and put into effect the
following decree throughout his dominions:
"Every distinction ordesignation tendrngto make
any class whatever of the subjects of my empire in-
ferior to another class, on aecoant of their religion,
language, or race, shall be forever effaced from the
administrative protocol. The laws shall be put in
force against the use of any injurious or offensive
terms either among private individuals or on part of
the authorities."
Such was the concession of the civil rights
to all within the dominion of the Turkish em-
pire; concessions from a power gray and old
in. despotism and not under the inspirations of
Christianity; they were political sentiments
which shocked neither the moral nor political
sense of the most abject despotism of Europe.
But the Congress of the United States in the
progress of events is brought to the considera-
tion of arbill which contemplated the guaran-
tee of the same rights to all, and what an ex-
hibit do we witness? Day by day, and month
by month an enlightened American Congress
hesitate and debate the practical question,
which is the prophet of humanity, Christ or
Mahomet, whether human rights are assure of
protection under our own boasted government
as under that Ottoman dynasty which for cen-
turies has been the outlaw of almost all civilized
nations of the globe; more than this, the ques-
tion is seriously debated as to the power of
the nation to confer an equality of civil rights
on all its subjects.
The bill finally passes, but it passes against
the united vote of the Democratic party. The
measure passes from this body to the repre-
sentative head of the Republic and of Ameri-
can civilization, to the Chamber of the national
Executive, and for hisapproval. But it comes
back to us with the stamp of the dark ages
upon it in the shape of a veto, having no other
legitimate bearing on our national polity than
the official promulgation of the fact that hu-
manity has no rights that the Government is
bound to respect. But, thank God, it is not left
to the Executive, the Democratic party, nor
their rebel sympathizers to attaint the charter
that liberty and humanity have, not only in the
power but the purposes of the nation. A per-
verse Executive may refuse to execute this law,
it may be smothered or crushed beneath the
merciless platitudes of the Supreme Court;
party organizations may be indifferent or hos-
tile ; men may combiriue to prevent its asser-
tion, but the man, the party, the department
of Government, standing in the way of the
ultimate realization of the equality of all men
before the law, will be [ground to powder.
Sir, I notice a painful anxiety in the public
mind as to the possible action of the Supreme
Court touching the "civil rights bill." But,
sir, I have learned to place but little reliance
upon the dogmas of that court as an element
of power in the nation upon any question
touohing the rights of humanity or the advance-
ment of the race. As it has been administered
that court has been but the chain which bound
humanity helpless to the rock of pretended
constitutional immutability, that its vitals
might be gnawed by the cankering vices of
other generations or consumed by the devour-
ing fiataes of our own. It gave us the Dred
Scott decision, bnt the chain it sought to rivet
more surely and firmly cm the limbs of the
slave were melted in the war it invoked. Audi
now, if the Supreme Court should take the
action ©n this bill which some anticipate, cal-
culating npon the moral elefnents and forces
whieh move the world, I had rafter have the
single black soldier of the Republic, spumed
as he will be from fhesanctuary of the Supreme
Court as he applies to it for protection, as an
element of power, than all the adjudications
of that court touching the rights of man or tire
power of the nation upon themsince the organ-'
ization of the Government. I do not believe
that that court will be hasty to array itself
against the spirit of the age, the tendency of
modern thought, and the irresistible momen-
tum with which they have to this moment up4
rooted each opposing obstacle.
Mr. Speaker, our action is not alone for
this hour, but for all time. Our legislation
addresses itself not only to the good of this-
generation, but of all generations of men. The
stake is not alone the awful Stake of the per-
manent peace, prosperity, and welfare of thirty
million human beings, but the progress of civil-
ization, constitutional liberty, constitutional
form of government, the destiny of a conti-
nent, and the hope of liberal governments on
earth. The lines of national policy and ac-
tion we now draw cast their deepening shadows
of national night along the whole course of our
future empire until the mind shudders and starts'
back at the contemplation of its gloom; or they
reveal the full bow of the nation's promise, its
arch encompassing all mankind, and the frui-
tion of its now painfully struggling hopes, of
liberty, equality, and justice to all. Such a
future I believe we control, and such a future
is alone worthy of the present realizations, the
heroic sacrifices, the immortal memories of the
Republic.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. Speaker, I am
disposed to appropriate the time allotted to me
on the present oceasion to the investigation of
the following question, namely: Is Congress
justified in excluding under existing circum-
stances the representatives from the ten States
lately in rebellion against the General Govern-
ment from a participation in the councils of
the nation ?
The President in his late message, and those
who indorse his policy take the negative of
this question, and urge a variety of reasons
why those representatives should be immedi-
ately admitted. The President assumes that
all the provisions of the Constitution of the
United' States applicable to States whose in-
habitants are in a state of perfect loyalty to
the Government of the United States should
be applied to those States that have just come
out of a four years® rebellion against that Gov-
ernment without exception. He also assumes
that they are in a perfectly organized condition,
and full} prepared to exercise all the functions
of States and appreciate all the privileges of
citizenship equally with the most loyal inhab-
itants of the nation. This he does, too, in the
face of his own official acts at the close of the
organized rebellion, when he ignored all their
State constitutions, laws, and officers, and pro-
ceeded to make rules and appoint officers for
their government in accordance with his own
views of propriety, without reference to their
will.
At this point in my remarks, Mr. Speaker,
I wish to express my thorough conviction that
all the difficulty between the President and
Congress, and the delay id admitting those
States to the enjoyment of representation in
the national councils, has grown out of the
fact that the President ignored and trampled
under foot the great principles of democracy
in his attempts to reconstruct and reorganize
those State governments. Why did he not
call Congress together and lay the^ case of
those States before them, and invite their
cooperation in a matter so vital to the safety
and well-being of the whole nation ? If ever
