1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1333
days (Sundays excepted) after it shall have
been presented to him, unless Congress, by its
adjournment, prevent its return, in which case
it shall not be a law. Here Congress does not
adjourn. I say there is an exception in this
case. The new Congress assembles the same
day this one adjourns, and he may return it to
that body.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to suggest to the
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania there
is another provision in the Constitution which
he overlooks: that the President shall return it
to the House in which it originated. This bill
originated in this House, and this House ceases
to exist at noon on the 4th of March next. The
gentleman will see the next House, meeting on
the 4th of March, may not organize for four
weeks.
Mr. WILLI-AMS. I should like to be heard
a moment in reply. It says it shall be returned
to the House, that is. to the branch of Congress
in which it originated. Now, there is no inter-
regnum in Congress ; Congress never dies.
Mr. BINGHAM. As I have already sug-
gested. there was an interregnum in the Thirty-
Fourth Congress for eight weeks.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It was in posse.
Mr. BINGHAM. How could the President
send a hill to a House of Representatives in
posse ?
Mr. "WILLIAMS. I differ with my learned
colleague. If the bill goes over, and the Pres-
ident pockets it, then at the next Congress we
must begin de novo.
Mr. MILLER resumed: Mr. Speaker, my
colleague [Mr. Williams] is mistaken. Ithas
been the practice and opinion of the ablest
statesmen that Congress expires on the 4th of
March, at twelve o'clock m., and that the
President cannot under the Constitution return
bills to the next Congress; thus the importance
of immediate action on the bill "under consid-
eration to concurring in the Senate amendment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FINCK. Mr. Speaker,^I rise to say in
the fifteen minutes allotted t-6 me under the
rules of this debate, a few words upon the im-
portant question now under consideration. I
regret exceedingly that a question of such
grave import to the country should be disposed
of in two or three hours' discussion. No one
is more desirous than myself to see harmony
restored to every section of the country and
all the States once more reassembled in this
Hall in deliberation under the Constitution.
I have carefully examined and considered the
provisions of this bill, and I caimot bring my
mind to consent to its adoption. ®It is less ob-
jectionable, it is true, than the bill which was
passed last week by this House, introduced by
the chairman of the Committee op. Recon-
struction ; but, like that measure, it is a bill in
palpable violation, in my judgment, of the
plainest provisions of the Constitution of the
United States. . . .
Under what clause in the Constitution is it
proposed to be adopted? By what authority
do you propose to inaugurate this system of
military governments in these ten States?
These States are by the bill styled rebel States,
and it proposes to parcel them out into mili-
tary districts. There is nothing, however, m
the language of the bill which implies that
they are not States withm the Union ; but it
declares in the preamble that no legal State
governments or adequate protection tor lite or
property now exist in those States. Wen, sir,
in my judgment we have no evidence betore
us to sustain these declarations. I ask gen-
tlemen who are in favor of this bill to show
that there does not exist governments repub-
lican in form in each of these ten States.
There can be no question that each one ot
them have republican forms of government.
Under what clause of the Constitution, then, do
you propose to invade these States by military
power and subvert their local governments?
Section five provides that when the people
of any one of said rebel States shall have formed
a constitution of government in conformity with
the Constitution of the United States in all
respects, framed by a convention of delegates
elected by the persons who may vote upon the
ratification or rejection thereof as hereinafter
provided, and when said constitution so framed
shall have been ratified by a majority of the
male citizens of said State twenty-one years old
and upward, of whatever race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude, who have been
resident in said State for one year previous to
the day of voting on the question of ratifying
such constitution, except-such'as maybe dis-
franchised for participation in the rebellion or
for felony at common law, and when such con-
stitution shall provide that the elective fran-
chise shall be enjoyed by all such persons as
have the proper qualifications herein stated,
and shall have been submitted to Congress for
examination and approval, and Congress shall
have approved the same, and when said Slate,
by a vote of its Legislature, elected under said
constitution, shall have adopted the amendment
to the Constitution of the United States pro-
posed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and known
as article fourteen, and when said article shall
have become a part of the Constitution of the
United States, said State shall be declared enti-
tled to representation in Congress, and Sena-
tors and Representatives shall be admitted
therefrom on their taking the oath prescribed
by law, and then and thereafter the preceding
sections of this bill shall be inoperative" in said
State.
This, then, is your proposition. You go to
the people of these ten Stales with the bay-
onet in one hand and your proposed constitu-
tional amendment in the other, and ask them to
make their choice—the amendment with negro
suffrage or the bayonet and the sword and mil-
itary government. That is, you propose to
coerce by military power the people oC these
States into a ratification of your constitutional
amendment and negro suffrage. If these are
not States in the Union why do you ask them
to ratify the constitutional amendment? None
but States can' ratify amendments to the Con-
stitution. And if they are States in the Union,
then, like all the other States, they should be
left free to act upon these proposed amend-
ments. If I am not mistaken the State of
Massachusetts has not yet ratified the amend-
ment, and you have just as much authority to
send the Army into that State and compel the
people of Massachusetts to ratify the constitu-
tional amendment as you have to send it into
Virginia to compel that State to do so.
My colleague [Mr. Delano] spcaks of the
nation's will, and admonishes us that it must
be obeyed. Sir, I have the highest regard for
the nation's will, and propose to obey it. But
let me inquire what is the nation's will? Sir,
it speaks by no uncertain voice or vague clampr.
It has been expressed in a language which
neither my colleague nor myself can safely dis-
regard. .
That will, sir, is not found in partisan
declamation or political.expedients. No, sir;
it has been expressed to us in the clear and
distinct tones of the Constitution itself. J hat
instrument, sir, embodies the will of this nation,
and however eloquently gentlemen may de-
claim about the nation's will, I repeat it, that
will is the Constitution, and until it shall be
changed in the manner provided in the funda-
mental law it must be obeyed without hesita-
tion.
Now, let me inquire, Mr. Speaker, under
what clause in the will of the nation, as ex-
pressed to us in that Constitution, do you find
warrant for legislation like this?
I deny that under this expression of the
nation's will in the Constitution, you have any
authority or power whatever to establish mili-
tary governments in any of these States. ^ ou
propose in this measure to strike down all the
safeguards which belong to citizens of the
United States. You propose to interfere with
the rights of the people of those States to
appeal to their local courts unless some mil-
itary commander shall graciously allow it.
You propose to deny to them the right ol trial
by jury and the privilege of the great writ ot
habeas corpus. And all this you propose to
do in palpable violation of the provisions of
yonr Constitution. That Constitution pro-
vides that—
"No person shall be hold to s>n«?wcr for a capital
or otherwise infamous crime unless on a presenta-
tion or indictment of a prrand jury, except in cases
arising in the land or naval ibices, or in the militia
■when in actual scrvice in time of war or public
danger."
Now, in defiance of this provision, you de-
clare by the third section of this bill:
That it shall bo the duty of each officer assigned as
aforesaid to protect all persons in their rights of per-
son and property, to suppress insurrection, disorder,
and violence, and to punish, or cause to be punished,
all disturbers of the public peace and criminals, and
to this end he may allow local civil tribunals to tako
jurisdiction of and to try offenders, or, when in his
judgment it may be necessary for tho trial of offend-
ers, ho shall have power to organize military com-
missions or tribunals for that purpose; and nil inter-
ference under color of State authority with tho exer-
cise of military authority under this act shall be null
and void.
I say, sir, that by tho provisions of this third
section you strike down the State governments
in all these ten States, and you subject the peo-
ple of these States to the arbitrary control of
military commanders, who arc to bo appointed
under this bill and to have this despotic juris-
diction.
Sir, is this in accordance with the great
principles of our system of government which
makes the military subordinate to the civil
authority? More than this, the Constitution
provides (article six of the Amendments) that—
"In nil criminal prosecutions tlio accuscd shall
enjoy the risdit to a spccily and public trial by an
impartial jury of the State or distiict wliorem tho
crimo shall liavo boon committed."
But this bill provides that when, in the judg-
ment of the military commander, it may be
necessary for the trial of offenders, ho shall
have power to organize military commissions
or tribunals for that purpose, and that all
interference under color of State authority with
tho exercise of military authority under this
act shall be null and void.
I ask gentlemen who support this bill where
do you obtain authority to subject the people
of nearly one third of the States of this Union
to the control of military commissions or other
military tribunals ? Are we still in a State of
war? Is there in cither of those States inva-
sion, rebellion, or insurrection? Not at all;
no one pretends that there is. The complaint
is, and that is the extent of it, that the tribu-
nals already existing in those Slates do not
administer justice fairly and speedily to some
of their people ; that certain persons in these
States do not receive full and adequate pro-
tection in their courts and redress of their
grievances. And do gentlemen claim that
upon complaints of this nature they have a
right to subvert State governments, to strike
down all civil authority, and to establish mili-
tary jurisdiction in its stead? I deny that Con-
gress has any such authority. ^ It is not con-
ferred by the Constitution, and if you assume it
and exercise it, you do so outside of that Con-
stitution and in violation of its great principles,
and you do it by tho mere arbitrary excrciso
of the power which you find temporarily m
your hands. .
Mr. Speaker, there is no necessity for this
kind of reconstruction^ Congressional com-
mittees have been in existence tor the last two
or three years, and have from time to time
reported propositions for the reconstruction of
the governments of these States, yet they have
accomplished nothing but to delay the restora-
tion to these Stales of their just and constitu-
tional relations with the Union. Gentlemen
complain of the President's policy ; but up to
this time, now in the last days of the Ihirty-
Ninth Congress, they have utterly tailed to
present to the country any constitutional or
satisfactory plan of reconstruction. N ow, you
offer this plan ; and what is your proposition I
It is to subvert civil governments m those
States and to substitute in their stead military
governments. Sir, this attempt at reconstruc-
tion, like all your former plans, will tail to
restore harmony among the States,
