1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1335
stitution that the electivo franchise shall be enjoyed
by all male citizens of the United States, twenty-one
years old and upward, without regard to racc, color,
or previous condition of servitude, except sucli as
may, be disfranchised for participating in the late
rebellion or for felony at common law; and when
said constitution shall have been submitted to tho
votors of said State as thus defined, for ratification
or rejection; and when the constitution, if ratified^
by the vote of tho people of said State, shall have™
been submitted to Congress for examination and
approval, said State shall, if its constitution be
approved by Congress, bo declared entitled to repre-
sentation in Congress, andSenators and Representa-
tives shall be admitted therefrom on their taking the
oath prescribed by law, and then and thereafter the
preceding sections of this bill shall be inoperative in
said State."
In the dicussion of this motion the Globe
shows these remarks;
"Mr. Stevens. For the last few months Congress
has been sitting here, and while tho South has been
bleeding at every pore, Congress has done nothing
to protect the loyal people there, white or black,
either in their persons, in their liberty, or in their
property.'' * * * * "The South is covered
all over with anarchy and murder and rapine.
"The President hassoughtto establish what hesays
will effect the union of theso States, if yielded to by
Congress. The Congress has declared that the Pres-
ident has usurped powers which do not belong to
him; that all that he has done is void in the face of
tho law; and that Congress alone has the power to
protect these people and to create governments, and
yet we sit by and move no hand, wo sit by and raise
no voice to effect what wo declare to be the duty of
Congress." ***!.***••>*
"We are asked by gontlemen why wo who are upon
the joint Committee on Reconstruction have not
presented some plan [of reconstruction] upon which
Congress could act." * *■ * * *• * *
" Now, it must bo remembered that during this ses-
sion of Congress wo had no opportunity of acting
until after the holidays, and since that time we have
but little over a month. It must bo remembered
that when the holidays had passed and Congress had
again assembled there was a plan, whether good or
bad, presented to this House for consideration, upon
which a debate of three weeks took placo without
any attempt to amend it."
I may here remark that a motion was made
to recommit the reconstruction bill, to which
reference is here made, to the Reconstruction
Committee, which prevailed January 27, and
it has not since been reported back.
I now continue to quote again from the Globe
report of the remarks of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] not on his recon-
struction bill, but a continuation of his remarks
from which I have just quoted. He proceeded
to say:
"Iwarned the House that if that bill should go
back to the comraitteo it must die. My vigorous
friend from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] assured us that such
would not be the effect, that the bill would corno
back hero fresh and blooming in the course of a
couple of days. Where isitnow? "Why have we not
something in lieu of it that suits the gentleman ? for
I may say that this bill comes from that same com-
mittee, after careful examination, with the unani-
mous consent of every member of tho committee
belonging to this side of tho House except one." *
* * * "It-was not intended as a reconstruc-
tion bill. It was intended simply as a police bill, to
protect tho loyal men from anarchy and murder
until this Congress, taking a little more time, can
suit gentlemen in a bill for the admission of all those
rebel States upon the basis of civil government.
"Mr. Broomall. If this bill is committed to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and immediately re-
ported back, as it will be, will it then be in order to
move, as a substitute for the entire bill, the substance
of the Louisiana bill applied to tho rest of the
^"The Speaker. After it is committed to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, tho chairman of that com-
mittee will reportit back instantcr under the instruc-
tion of the House; and then if tho House does not
close the debate by seconding tho previous question
that amendment will be in order. . L _
"Mr. Bboomall. Then 1 give notice that I will
offer that amendment when I havo the opportunity,
should tho motion to commit prevail.
"Mr Julian. If the motion to commit the bill
to the Judiciary Committee should be voted down,
what would, bo the effect? .
"Tho Speaker. The previous question having
been seconded and the main question ordered, if
the motion to commit is voted down, the previous
question will not bo exhausted until the third read-
ing of the bill. _ _
"The question recurred upon the motion or Mr.
Biaine, to commit the bill to tho Committee on the
Judiciary, with certain instructions.
"The yeas and nays were ordered.
" The question was then taken on the motion to
recommit to the Committee on the Judiciary with
instructions, and there were—yeas 69, nays 94, not
voting 27; as follows:
"Yeas—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R.Ashley,
Baker, Baldwin, Benjamin, Bingham, Blame,Blow,
Bioomall.Buckland.Bundy, Campbell, Cooper, Dar-
litis, Davis, Dawes, Defrees, Delano, Deming.Dodge,
I?errv, Garfield, Goodyear, Hawkins, Hill, llise, Ches-
ter i>. Hgbbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, JaracsR.liub-
bell; Ilulburd, Hunter, Jenckes, Kelso, Ketcham,
Kuykendall, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Leftwich, Marvin, McKee, Mcllucr, Mor-
rill, Morris, Nicholson, Noell, Patterson, Phelps,
Plants, Price, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Ran-
dall, Raymond, John II. Rice, Rousseau, Schcnck,
Sitgreaves, Stilwell, Strouse, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Nelson Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L.
Thomas, Warner, Whaley, James 1\ Wilson, and
Woodbridge—69.
"Nays—Messrs. Alley, Ancona, Arnell, James M.
Ashloy, Barker, Beaman, Bergen, Bidwell, Boutwell,
Boyer,Brom well, Chanler; Reader W.Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Culiom, Denison, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Dumont, Eckloy, Eggleston, Eldridge,
Eliot, Parnsworth, Farquhar, Finck, Glossbrenner,
Grhmell, Aaron Harding, Abncr C. Harding/Harris,
Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Holmes, Hooper, John II.
Hubbard, Humphrey,Ingersoll, Julian, Kclley, Kerr,
Koontz. LoBlond.Loan.Longycar, Lynch, Marshall,
Marston, Maynard, McClurg, Mercur, Miller, Moor-
head, Moul ton, Myers, Newell, Niblack, O'Neill,Orth,
Paino, Perham, Pike, Radford. Hitter, Rogors, Rol-
lins, Ross, Sawyer, Scofield, Shellabarger. Sloan,
Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Stokes, Taber, Thornton,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Aran Horn, Andrew II. Ward, Hamilton
Ward, William B. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth,
Williams, Stephen P. Wilson, and Wimloin—9-i.
- "Not Voting — Messrs. Ames, Banks. Baxter,
Brandcgeo, Conkling, Culver, Dawson, Griswold,
Hale, Hart, Ilogan, Hotchkiss, Asahol W. Hubbard,
Demas Hubbard, Jones, Kasson, Latham, McCul-
lough,Mclndoo.Pomeroy, Alexander H.Rice, Shank-
lin, Trimble, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Wash-
burn, Winfield, and Wright—27.
"So tho motion to recommit to tho Committoo on
tho Judiciary was disagreed to.
'* Tho bill was ordered to bo ongrosscd and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time.
" Mr. Stkvkns demanded tho provious question on
the passage of the bill.
"The previous question was seconded and the main
question ordered.
"Tho yeas and nays wero ordered.
" The question was taken on tho passage of the bill;
and it was decided in tho affirmative—yeas 109, nays
55, not voting 26; as follows:
"Yeas—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Arnell, Delos
R. Ashley, James M. Ash ley. Barker, Baxter, Beaman,
Benjamin, ]3idwell, Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell,
Bromwell, Broomali, Buckland, Bundy, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook. Culiom, Darling,
Dawes, Delano, Deming, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs,
Dumont, Ecklcy, Eggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth, lar-
Suhar, i erry, Garfield, Grinncll, Abncr C. Harding,
[ayes, Henderson, Iligby, Hill, Holmes, Hooper,
Chester I). Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, James R.
Hubbell, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Kclley, Ketcham,
Koontz, Laflin, Gcorgo V. Lawrencc, William Law-
rence, Longyear, Lynch, Marston, Marvin, May-
nard, McCIurg, McKee, McRuer, Mercur, Miller,
Moorhead. Morrill, Morris, Moulton, My.crs, Newell,
O'Neill, Orth, Paino, Patterson, Perham, Pike,
Plants, Price, Alexander II. Rice, John II. Rico,
Rollins, Sawyer, Sohenck, Scofield, Shellabarger,
Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Stokes, Thayer,
Trowbridge, Up^on, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner. Wil-
liam 13. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Whaley.
Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Win-
dom, and Woodbridgc—109.
"Nays—Messrs. Ancona, Baker, Banks, Bergen,
Boyer, Campbell, Chanler, Cooper, Davis, Dawson,
Defrees, Denison, Dodge, Eldridge, Finck, Glossbrcn-
ner, Goodyear, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hawkins,
Hisc, Ilogan, Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey, Hunter,
Kelso, Kerr, Kuykendall, Latham, Le Blond, Left-
wich, Loan, Marshall, Niblack, mcholson, Noell,
Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall,
Raymond, ltittcr, Rogers, Ross, Rousseau, Shank-
lin, Sitgreaves, Stilwell, Strouse, Taber, Nathaniel
G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Francis Thomas, John L.
Thomas, Thornton, and Andrew II. Ward—55.
"Not Voting —Messrs. Alley, Ames, Baldwin,
Blow, Brandegee, Conltling, Culver, Oriswold, Hale,
Hart, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard. Dcmas Hub-
bard, Jenckes, Jones, Julian, Iiasson, McCullough,
Melndoc, Phelps, Pomcroy, Trimble, Elihu B.
Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, Winfield, and
Wright—26."
Upon these proceedings the Chicago Tribune
of February 15 comments thus:
"Blaine's Amkndmtcnt.—one half of the Republi-
cans of the House of Representatives aided by all the
Copperheads voted down Mr. I'laink's amendment
to Mr. Stevens's military government bill on Wed-
nesday. In examining tho yeas and nays welind the I
names of some of the most radical members in both
lists, and in order to account ior the very equal divis-
ion of the party on the question we arc driven to an
examination of the bill and amendment themselves.
On pn'ma/acieevidencetheminority (those who voted
for Blaine's amendment) were right. Andrew John-
son being the constitutional head of tho land and
naval forces of tho United States, military govern-
ment and martial law!mean simply Andrew John*
son" * * * ~ " The two central and
leading ideas of Mr. Blaine's amendment were: 1.
Impartial Suffrage; 2. Reconstruction when impartial
suffrage shall have been obtained. Now.it is impos-
sible to believe that Mr. Cook, of Illinois. and Mr.
Juli of Indiana, would voto against a proposition
rWit in itself and far in advance of anything yet pro-
nosed in Congress, unless they had good ground lor
believing that something still bcttcrwas in reserve
in the arcana of the Reconstruction Committee. On
the other hand, it is difficult to hclievo that tho Iowa
delegation, which isperhaps as radicalandfar-seeing
as any in tho House, or even Mr. Blaine himself,
would vole for a proposition which might perhaps
foreoloso and conclude tho action of Congress on tho
subject if there wero a fair prospect of obtaining
something better. Before tho voto was taken, Mr.
Stevens announced that tho Reconstruction Com-
mittee were prepared to propose further action within
aroasonable time.
" The public will await with anxiety the unfolding
of this plan, and the event will show which half of
the Republicans in Congress were right and which
wron$ in tho vote upon Mr. Blaine's amendment.
A military government for tho South, with Andrew
Johnson to control and direct that government, and
nothing in the future, is tho most undesirable state
of things that can bo conceived."
The author of this article has inadvertently
fallen into one or two errors. lie is mistaken
in saying that—
"Before the voto was taken Mr. Stevens an-
nounced that tho Reconstruction Committee wore
prepared to propose further action within a reasona-
ble time."
No such announcement was made, and the
committee I undertake to say were not pre-
pared to propose further action, and have not
doneso. Theonly " fair prospectof obtaining
something better" than the " Blaine amend-
ment" was to recommit to the Judiciary
Committee, and then when the bill with the
amendment was reported back it would have
been open to amendment by way of addition
or otherwise.
This is shown by the answer of the Speaker,
which I have already quoted in response to
the inquiry of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia. [Mr. Broomall.] I am authorized to state
a fact which I know and which was decisive
of my vote in reference to the u Blaine amend-
ment," that the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee was ready to make the report and
then immediately to yield to an amendment,
which would if agreed to have placed tho
whole subject of reconstruction in tho hands
of loyal men or in their hands along with those
not conspicuous in rebellion. I was prepared
to vote for that addition to the Blaine amend-
ment. I voted to recommit the bill to the Judi-
ciary Committee in order that such addition
might be secured. The failure to recommit
prevented an effort to secure this, and ren-
dered it impossible to obtain at this session of
Congress legislation so desirable, for it is im-
possible now for want of time to mature any
bill which may not be defeated by the ''ten
days pockct veto," to which the President
would undoubtedly resort.
1 do not wish to detain the ITotisc at this
late day in the session with any lengthy state-
ment of my views on reconstruction.
I voted for the bill reported February 11th,
by the select Committee on the New Orleans
Riots 11 for the reeslablishment of civil govern-
ment in the State of Louisiana," because X
regarded it quite as well adapted to accomplish
the work of reconstruction in that State as any
bill we could probably pass.
That bill contained a scction in these words;
Sec. 5. Andbeit further cnaetcd, That tho follow-
ing persons, and no others, shall bo doctors and
entitled to voto at all elections hold under the pro-
visions of this act, namely, every male citizen ot the
United States, without distinction of race or color,
who has attained the ago of twenty-one years, and
has resided in Louisianaoncyear, and who hasncvcr
borne arms against the United States since ho was a
citizen thereof, and who can truthfully tako the oath
prescribed by tho act aforesaid of July 2, A. 1). 1863:
Provided, That any person otherwise quanted as an
elector, as herein provided, and who never volun-
tarily gave aid, countenance, encouragement, or sup-
port to any rebellion against tho United States, nor
any such aid, countcnanec, encouragement, or sup-
port to any government inimical to tho llmtod btatcs
in any other manner, capacity, or rank, than as a
private soldier in open and civilized warfare, may be
admitted to tho rights of an elector by an order of
any court of record of tho United States, upon estab-
lishing to the satisfaction of the court, by the testi-
mony of persons who have at all times borne tiuo
allegiance to the United States, that ho is ono com ing
within the description of persons designated m this
proviso, and upon establishing as aforesaid tnatsucn
person after the '1th day of March, A. P. 1864, aovor
gave any voluntarily aid, countenance, support, or
encouragement to such rebellion nor to any govern-
ment inimical to the United States.
proof being made, and upon taking and subscribing
upon the records of the .court an oath that all tho
things are true which bring the applicant within the
exceptions of this proviso, and also that sucli person
will at aH times bear true allegiance to the Govern-
ment of tho United States and to the perpetual b mon
