1336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
of the States thereunder, such person shall receive a
certificate which shall entitle him to the rights of an
elector.
This bill did not meet my entire approval,
and I wish now to put my views on record lest
the vote I am about to give may be misunder-
stood.
I hold that State governments should be re-
organized in the ten rebel States by loyal citi-
zens only, excluding all who participated in
rebellion. I have high authority for this. An-
drew Johnson, in his speech of April 9, 1864,
used this language:
""I say that the traitor has eeased to bo a citizen,
and in joining tho rebellion has bccomc a public
enemy. Ho i'oifeited liiS right to vote with loyal men
when ho renounced his citizenship aud sought to
destroy our Government. We say to tho most honest
and industrious foreigner who comes from England
and'Germany to dwell among us and to add to, the
wealth of the country, 'Before you can bo a citixcn
you must stay hero for fivo years.' If we are so cau-
tious about foreigners, who voluntarily rcnounco
their homes to live with us, what should wo say to
the traitor who, although born and reared among
us, has raised a parricidal hand against tho Govern-
mentwhich always protected him?"
" In calling a convention to restoro tho State, who
shall restoie and reestablish it? Shall tho man who
gave his influence and his means to destroy the Gov-
ernment? Is he to participate in tho great work of
reorganization? Shall ho who brought this misery
upon tho State bo permitted to control its destinies?
If this bo so, then all this precious blood of our bravo
soldiers and officers so freely poured out will have
boen wantonly spilled, all tho glorious victories won
by our noble armies will go for nought, and all tho
battle-fields which have boon sown with dead heroes
during tho rebellion will have been mademomorablo
in vain. Why all this oarnagoand devastation? It
was that treason might bo put down and traitors pun-
ished. Therefore, I say that traitorsshalltako aback
seat in tho work of restoration."
For 0110, sir, I am unwilling to abandon tho
loyal mon of tin; South, who stood firm amid
the gloom mid darkness and storm ol' rebel-
lion, and who at the peril of life mid under
persecution, atrocious in diameter, steadily
clung to tho flag of the Union. 1 hold that
the enemies of the Government should have
no part in setting up tho fabric they destroyed
in tho States.
The existing Stale governments in the ten
rebel Stales were set up by military authority
under illegal and unauthorized proclamations
of tho President, and they are utterly invalid.
They should be speedily sot aside.
If the President could be relied on faithfully
to execute the laws in the interest of loyal
men, in:.lead of executing them in the interest
of rebels as he docs, Congress .should at once
pass an ''enabling act" for each rebel Slate
prescribing the mode of reorganizing State
governments.
But, sir, wo cannot trust the President. I
am, therefore, in favor of passing a law which
shall simply protect all loyal citizens in all
voluntary conventions which they may hold for
the purpose of adopting a constitution and frame
of government in each rebel State, to be sub-
mitted to Congress for approval or rejection,
and if approved, then let State governments be
set in operation. And the law should provide
military protection to the person and property
of all tho inhabitants in cases where the na-
tional civil authorities may be unable to pro-
tect them.
1 do not suppose it desirable or practicable
in all, and perhaps not in any, ol these ten
States under the new Slate governments so to
be reorganized to disfranchise all rebels, but
those high in office during the rebellion; and
the most culpable of the rebels should bo de-
nied the right of suffrage as well as the right
to hold office, at least while as now they con-
tinue to manifest a disloyal spirit.
1 would intrust the primary decision of that
question to the loyal citizens alone, subject to
the revision of Congress. Rebellion places
all who aid it in a position to retain only such
political rights as their loyal conquerors may
concede to them: for by the laws of nations
and of the civilized world rebels have "no
rights which loyal citizens are bound to re-
spect."
On the 8th of February I submitted for con-
sideration an amendment to the bill reported
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] which was designed to carry into
effect these views. It was by no means per-
fect; but the venerable and distinguished chair-
man of the Reconstruction Committee, [Mr.
Stevens,] in his speech of February 13, in
speaking of this amendment, did mo the honor
to say:
"Of tho amendment of the other gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] I have already spoken, Tho
amendment of his colleague [Mr. La whence] shows
groat earo and wisdom."
I do not suppose my amendment merited
this remark, but tho general purpose which it
aimed at, I believe, was right in principle; and
so believing, I will never surrender that object
so long as it is practicable to obtain it.
The bill reported from the Reconstruction
Committee (House bill No. 1143) was modi-
fied by the Senate, as it passed that body yes-
terday, and is now before the House in this
form:
A bill to provide for tho more efficient government
of the rebol States.
Wheroas no legal State governments or adequate
protection for life or property now exists in the rebel
States of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Alabama, Louisiana, I'lorida, Texas, and
Arkansas; and whereas it is necessary that peaco
and good order should bo enforced in said States
until loyal and republican State governments can bo
legally established: Therefore,
Be it enacted, <Ec., That said rebel States shall bo
divided into military districts, and mado subject to
the military authority of tho United States, as here-
inafter prescribed, and for that purpose Virginia
shall constitute the lirst district; North Carolina
and South Carolina tho second district; Georgia,
Alabama, and Florida tho third district; Mississippi
ami Arkansas tho fourth district, and Louisiana and
Texas the fifth district-
Sue. 2. That it shall bo tho duty of tho President to
assign to tho command of cach of said districts an
ofheer of the Army not below the rank of brigadier
general, and to detail a sufficient, military force to
enablo such officer to perform his duties and cnforco
hit, authority within tho district to which ho is as-
signed.
Sue. 3. That it shall bo tho duty of each officer
assigned as aforesaid to protect ail persons in their
rights of person and property, to suppress insurrec-
tion, disorder, and violence, and to punish or eauso
to bo punished all disturbers of the public peace and
criminals, and to this end ho may allow local civil
tribunals to take jurisdiction of and try offenders, or
when inhis judgmentitmay bo necessary for tho trial
of offenders, ho shall have powor to organize military
commissions or tribunals for that purpose; and all
interference under color of State authority with tho
exercise of military authority under this act shall bo
null and void.
Si-x;. 4. That all persons put under military arrest
by virluo of this act shall be tried without unneces-
sary delay, and nocruel orunusual punishment shall
bo inflicted ; and no scnteiicoofany military commis-
sion or tribunal hereby authorized, affecting tho life
or liberty of any person, shall bo executed until it is
approved by tho officer in command of the district;
and tho laws and regulations for the government of
tho Army shall not bo affected bv this act, except in
so tar as they may conflict with its provisions.
She. 5. That when tho peoplo of any one of said
rebel States shall have formed a constitution of gov-
ernment, in conformity with tho Constitution of tho
United States in all respects, framed by aconvcntion
of delegates elected by tho male citizens of said State
twenty-one years old and upward, of whatever race,
color, or previous condition, who havo boon resident
in said State for one year previous to tho day of such
otection, except such asnnay bo disfranchised for par-
ticipation in tho rebellion or for felony at common
law; and when such constitution shall provide that
tho clectivo franchise shall bo enjoyed by all sueli
persons as havo tho qualifications herein stated for
election of delegates; and when such constitution
shall bo ratified by a, majority of tho persons voting
on the question of ratification who aro qualified as
electors for delegates, and when such constitution
shall havo been submitted to Congress for examina-
tion and approval, amlCongress shall have approved
tho same; and when said State, by a vote of its Legis-
lature olected under said constitution shall have
adopted the amendment to the Constitution of tho
United States proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, and known as article fourteen, and when said
article shall havo becoino a part of the Constitution
of tho United States, said State shall be declared
entitled to representation in Congress, and Senators
and Itepresentatives shall be admitted therefrom on
their taking tho oath prescribed by law, and then and
thereafter tho preceding sections of this act shall be
inoperative in said State.
Section six consists of an amendment offered by
Sonator Doouttle, to the effect that tho death sen-
tence shall not bo executed without the approval of
the President of tho United States.
At this late day in the session it is evident
that wo must accept the bill in this form or fail
to pass any measure on the subject.
_ Under the Constitution the President is en-
titled to ten days, exclusive of Sundays, to
consider every bill. After to-morrow he can-
not be required to return any bill, and all such
as he disapproves will of course fail.
This bill leaves to the ten rebel States the
right, by voluntary conventions, or sudx as
local, but illegal, authorities may prescribe, to
reorganize new State governments. If this
shall be done it secures the adoption of the
constitutional amendments. It provides for
military protection, which may or may not be
faithfully carried into effect. This was the
object of the bill as originally reported. If
the military features of this bill will n6t be faith-
fully enforced the original bill would secure no
greater efficiency—for in this respect both are
substantially alike. Something is gained if
by law wo declare it the duty of the President
" to protect all persons in their rights of per-
son and property;" and if he fails to execute
that duty the remedy by impeachment exists.
This bill practically requires universal suffrage.
It leaves all the reconstruction that may be
effected under it to the approval or rejection
of Congress hereafter. I do not believe it will
result in reconstruction. The rebels will not
accent it. At the last session of Congress we
practically proposed to the rebel States that
their illegal State governments should be recog-
nized and ratified if they would adopt the con-
stitutional amendments. By these we said to
them; "You may settle the question of suf-
frage for yourselves." They have all spurned •
and rejected these moderate, just, and reason-
able terms by a refusal to ratify the constitu-
tional amendments.
No alternative is left but for Congress to
take the work of reorganization in hand and
regulate it by law, and settle for the rebels the
questions which they refuse to settle for them-
selves. They have illustrated the adage that
" Whom the gods wish to destroy they first
make mad." They will never again get terms
go liberal as those offered at the last session of
Congress.
"There's a divinity that shapes our onds,
Hough-how them how wo will."
Tho rebel States will, in my judgment, reject
the terms embraced in this bill. Then, sir,
we will, as I predict, provide for reorganization
by loyal mon alone.
One of tho great objections to this bill is
that it does not at once set aside the existing
State governments in the rebel States, and it
leaves reconstruction practically in rebel hands,
to bo controlled by military power wielded in
their interests. But the original bill was open
to the same objection, and in submitting the
constitutional amendments at the last session
of Congress to the States of the South no
remedy was proposed for tho same evils then
existing. They are evils which future legisla-
tion can remedy. The next Congress may fur-
nish tho remedy, and whatever influences I may
be able to exert shall be given to accomplish
that object, so as to place tho whole power of
reconstruction in loyal hands. If the loyal men
of the ten rebel States will proceed at once to
hold voluntary conventions, make constitu-
tions, and submit them to the next Congress,
if they shall be found republican in form apd
in all respects acceptable I will vote to ratify
them on their adoption of the constitutional
amendments, and thus set in operation State
governments which may be the work of loyal
citizens, and I would protect them by all the
power of the national Government.
I have given my views briefly on reconstruc-
tion and the merits of this bill, and I shall cast
my vote with more reluctance than any I ever
have given, in the hope that if the bill shall fail
a better one may be enacted by the nhxt Con-
gress, or if it passes that its defects may be
speedily supplied by legislation in favor of
loyal government under the control of loyal
citizens.
Mr. Speaker, I will vote for this bill as the
only measure of reconstruction now attain-
able. I am unwilling to go back to the people
and say we have provided no definite plan of
reconstruction. It affords all the military
protection of the original hill, and is in that
respect no less liable to be executed in the
