1338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
other side of the Chamber, or from the Senate
of the United States. That solution is em-
bodied in what has been popularly denomi-
nated "mypolicy," the policy of the President
of the United States. If I had my choice, if I
could exercise a controlling influence in the,
settlement of this vexed question, I would
select the wise, the constitutional, and practi-
cal method of settling it by adopting the wise
and lucid policy of the President. But that has
been rendered, for the time at least, utterly
hopeless by the overwhelming majority on the
other side of the Chamber who are opposed to
that policy.
What, then, are wo to do ? The majority will
force the adoption of one or the other of their
propositions upon this subject, and I shall take
the position which I think is defensible before,
the country and before my constituents which
I have indicated here to-night. I regret tho
spirit of malignity and of vindictiveness which
has been manifested in various questions, as
well outside of this Hall as in it, toward the
President of the United States. I have the
honor to represent the district which he so long
represented in the Congress of the United
States; and when I see him unjustly assailed
as lie has been assailed, when I hear him tra-
duced and maligned as he has been traduced
and maligned, I deem it my duty to lift my
voice, feeble though it bo and uninfluential. in
his defense. When X say X am in favor of the
policy enunciated by him in roferenco to the
questions of reconstruction, I think I am but
saying that I am for the policy initiated and
inaugurated by Abraham Lincoln, his illus-
trious predecessor, and indorsed, in my opin-
ion, by every department of the Government
down to tho present Congress.
Sir, there is a remarkable parallel furnished
in the Declaration of Independence which
prefaces the Constitution of the United States
to tho condition of things rcecntly presented
by parties in this country. How much time
have I left?
The SPEAKER. Half a minute.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. Then, sir, I
will spend that half minute in referring briefly
to tho singular coincidence between some of
tho changes in tho Declaration of Indepen-
dence and the condition of things we sec to-
day. If vou will read that document you will
find that it says:
" Tlio history of tho present, King of Groat Britain
is tlio history of repeated injuries and usurpations,
all having, in tliroot object, tho establishment of an
absolute tyranny over thoso States. To prove this let
facts bo submitted to a eaixlid world. Ilo (tho King)
has refused to pnss laws for tho accommodation of
large districts of people, unless thoso peoplo would
rohnquish tho right of ropresontation m the Legis-
lature; a right. ostimablo to thorn and formidable to
tyrants only. IIo hns kopt among us in timo of pcaco
standing annics without tho consent of tho Legis-
lature. IIo has affected to ronder thb military inde-
pendent of and superior to tho civil power, lie has
imposed taxes on us without our consent. IIo has
taken away our cliartors, abolished our most valuable
laws, and altered fundamentally the powors of our
Government. ]Io hns suspended our own Legis-
latures, and declared himself invested with power to
legislate for us in all cases whatsoever."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. I ask for two
minutes more.
There was no objection.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. Now, sir,
substitute Congress for king in that docu-
ment and you will havoa history of the trans-
actions of the great majority of this body in
reference to the existing state of the coun-
try.
Mr. GRINNELL. Allow me to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. TAILOR, of Tennessee. I will con-
clude, and then you can answer. All I have to
say in conclusion is, I believe the distinguished
patriot, now President, who has been maligned
and traduced perhaps more falsely and fiercely
than any man who ever lived in the United
States, will shine brightly and tower conspic-
uously in history as a great and good man, as
''the noblest work of trod—an honest man,"
when tho names of his traducers with their
bodies shall have perished in the earth and
been forgotten.
Mr. GRINNELL. Does the gentleman refer,
when he charges us with abolishing their njost
valuable laws, to those whereby three million
men were treated as chattels and were bought
and sold?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. I havfe nothing
to reply to the gentleman's remark, as I did not
hear it distinctly, further- than to say, so far as
the acts of the enemies of tl^s country, if his
question relates to them, are concerned, and
so far as the motives which led to those acts
are concerned, so far as the individuals who
perpetrated these acts against the Government
are concerned, I have as little sympathy with
them or their acts as the gentleman from Iowa,
and I have as much condemnation for their
acts and the motives which prompted them.
Mr. ARNBLL. Mr. Speaker, at this late
hour, midnight, the remarks I make shall have
the merit of brevity. For speech-making gen-
erally I have but poor respect. I belong to that
class of men who believe what a man does is
infinitely more valuable than what he says.
Yet I cannot sit by quietly without expressing
my protest, ay, my horror of the principle
incorporated in the fifth section of the bill
before the House, that makes rebel electors
the basis of reconstruction. I do not believe
that tho country is ready to abandon the doc-
trine that loyal men must control. That such
a proposition should be made even in the
American Congress strikes me with apprehen-
sion. Is this the fruit of our long struggle?
Can tho heart and the brain and tho patriotism
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress frame nothing
bettor than this? Why, pass this bill as it
comes from tho Senate, and you hand over
the South to hopeless and irretrievable rebel
rule and ruin. It is tho " iron chamber" in
tho Inquisition, and seemingly fair and beau-
tiful and inviting; yet in the end, with closing
and narrowing walls, will crush its poor vic-
tims to remorseless and unavailing death. Say
the best of it, it is a delusion and a cruel snare.
What does this section propose to do ? To set
aside the rebel governments of Andrew John-
son and to build up other rebel governments in
their stead that will overshadow the first as the
mountain overshadows th« dark rock at its base.
I think wo have had enough of rebel rule
acted in terrible tragedy. But the answer to all
this is, Congress will have control of them.
Do you distrust tho Fortieth Congress? What
ought to be distrusted and indignantly rejected
is rebel rule. If tho Thirty-Ninth Congress,
with the cries of murder and suffering borne
to it upon every breeze from the South, is dis-
posed to shuffle off its duty, what right have
wo to expect aid from any future Congress?
What is really the object of reconstruction?
To establish loyal governments at the South.
How ? This Senate bill proposes to do it by
giving the matter entirely into the hands of
the rebels. Some one says, "Except such as
may be disfranchised by rebellion." Ah!
Who is to disfranchise them? Themselves.
Now, considering their native modesty and
backwardness in such matters, when is this
likely to occur? In Tennessee it required
Union men. The fifth section to this bill gives
the entire power and the leadership to the reb-
els. And who ever gets the leadership at the
South will prevail. The colored man is the
last reenforccment of the Re^ lblic; yet this
bill proposes to give his aid to whom? To the
national cause, to progress, to civilization, to
liberty, to human rights? Oh, no ! but to the
enemy, to treason 1 Are we encompassed
with some hideous nightmare that men talk
so wildly?
"Gentlemen tell us that we must not disfran-
chise the masses of the South, or the "intelli-
gence and honor" of the South. Was it not
this " intelligence and honor" that opened your
three hundred thousand Union graves, whose
occupants to-day are not safe from sneers in
their very coffins. And have these martyrs
not died in vain if our reconstruction is rebel
reconstruction? Under the mask and claim
of fairness I see stalk to the front the armed
traitor. And, Mr. Speaker, when the " respect-
ability of numbers'' outweighs the demands of
world-widejustice, I tremble for the safety of
my country. Will this nation, even by indi-
rection, set the precedent that "first-class"
criminals cannot be punished? False, hollow
paganism pointed its votaries to a higher idea
of justice than this. Apollo was banished
from tho court of heaven for crime, and made
to keep the flocks of Admetus.
Mr. Speaker, what I rose to say particularly
was that in my opinion there is no cure for the
evils that afflict the country, but to render
hopelessly powerless the rebel element at the
South. _ Congress exhibits an unaccountable
inctecision in this matter. Let it no longer
hesitate, but do its duty.
One other thing I wanted to say. In every
one of the non-reconstructed States there is a
Union sentiment that only needs your support
to assert itself; a poor, downtrodden, ostra-
cised, maligned," and persecuted class; yet
men who hoped on and prayed on, and to-day
hope on and pray on, when seemingly every
friend but Goa has left them. I appeal to you
on their behalf. A word more and I close.
I pray this House not to strike down at one
fell blow,the organizations of Tennessee, Mis-
souri, and West Virginia. The North pledges
itself to stand by the Unionists of these States.
Wo ask their representatives to fulfill this
pledge. Time has shown the wisdom of tho
action of tho loyalty of these States. In Ten-
nessee we have planted ourselves upon the
broad platform of the " rights of man." All
this has been effected by loyal suffrage. A new
civilization is beginning at the South. I)o not
turn it backward. We are getting further and
further away from old beliefs and prejudices,
and are approaching nearer to new and better
ones. In Tennessee we are skirmishing, bring-
ing on the battle, and remember it is the na-
tion's battle, and the victory, when won, will
be tho nation's victory. Dally, truckle, falter
in tho great work, and we are gone. We must
fight at close quarters. I hope that the Senate
bill in its present form will not be agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, 1 shall vote
against this amendment: first, because it in-
volves an entire departure from tho object of
tho bill passed by this House, which it destroys
while it professes only to amend it; second, be-
cause it reverses the action of the House iu the
Louisiana case, wherein we have just declared
that the work of reconstruction shall belong
only to loyal men ; and thirdly, because it
mocks the agonizing prayers of suffering loy-
alty by giving back the sword to tho merci-
less hands from which that loyalty has just now
appealed.
The bill of the House was but a response to
the cry of an oppressed and bleeding people.
It unsheathed the sword of tho Republic, and
placed it in the hands of the first of its Gen-
erals. It intended to charge him with the task
that a faithless Executive had declined. It
implied a resumption of our authority over tho
rebels we had conquered, and the provinces we
had won. It looked only to the reseizure of
what had been perfidiously surrendered. Its
object was to extinguish the embers of an ex-
piring rebellion, that had been fanned into new
life, by the breath of the ruler who had been
commissioned to destroy it. It involved no
plan of reconstruction ; it proposed only to
save our suffering allies from the persecution
of their enemies.
It went out from this House, the Hall of the
people, reflecting, as it must always do, their
opinions and their will, wielding the avenging
sword of justice in its hands; and it eomcs
back from a branch of the Legislature which
is not intended in theory, or expected in fact, to
answer to the popular breeze, until it has
blown with more than the steadiness of the
trade-winds for a period of six years—shorn
of its menacing features, with the sword *
sheathed, and an olive branch in its hands,
withdrawing the protection we had offered to
loyalty, and tendering in its stead a propitia-
