574
eOFGRESSIONAL
January 18,
of coin, more than lialf of which is in the
United States Treasury under lock and key, it
presents a gloomy picture for our people to
look upon and extract hopes for a prosperous
future. It may suit bondholders and office-
holders, but it will be ruin to the men of labor,
who have a right to look to the Government
they support for a currency the best possible,
and in quantity sufficient for all the purposes
of legitimate trade. If coin can be furnished
adequate to the demand, that we ask first;
failing that, then the next best; and whether
the one or the other, give us enough.
HOW TO SECURE FOREIGN MABKET.
The Secretary says the currency must be
reduced so that prices shall go down so low
that we shall be compelled to send our pro-
duce to foreign markets. The best market for
our people is the home market; and it will be
a joyful day to us when, by the course of trade,
our corn, pork, beef, and flour are not only
bought at home, but consumed at home; when
the iron and cloths and manufactured fabrics
of all kinds, now imported, are produced at
home. This may be done by encouraging
labor, not by oppressing it.
But how does our foreign trade stand? Mr.
McCulloch says it is largely against us. Let us
see. By his own record we find the following:
Fiscal Value of Value of
Year. Imports. Exports,
185 9 §338,765,130 $356,789,462
186 0  362,163,941 400,122,296
186 1  350,775,835 410,856,812
1862.  205,819,823 229,790,280
186 3  252,187,587 331,809,459
186 4  328,514,559 340,665,580
186 5  234,434,167 336,097,123
" For the five years prior to and including 1861 the
average annual value of imports was in excess of
8350,000,000; and for the three years next succeeding
June 30. 1861, the annual average has been about
$262,000,000."
How is it that the advantages of foreign trade
are only to be secured by a limited currency
and low prices in this country? Before the
war, and before prices were high here, when
corn was forty cents a bushel, wheat one'dollar,
and pork §3 50 per hundred, our imports of
foreign goods were $90,000,000 a year more
than they were when prices arose to their high-
est point during the war. It is true, also, that .
our exports were larger before the war than
since ; but that alone depends upon the foreign
demand. We can only sell abroad when there
is a call for our products. Contracting the cur-
rency and cheapening the price will not always
succeed, and if they did it would be poor econ-
omy to bankrupt our farmers for the privilege
of selling their products in a foreign market.
MONEY OP OTHER COUNTRIES.
The money of England is about twenty-five
dollars to each individual. England is com-
pact, covering but a small surface, and tlie trade
capable of being carried on with much greater
facility and less money than ours. Give us
twenty-five dollars of currency per head and
we will have SI,000,000,000 of circulation.
France has about thirty-six dollars per head
of money. Even France requires much less
currency for the business of trade than our
country. Give us the same as France em-
ploys and we shall have over $1,400,000,000
of circulation. England and France have not
discovered that they had too much money.
The ministers of finance in those countries
have not discovered that prices were too high,
or that labor was too well paid. By referring
to those old and experienced countries we can
realize how we have been able to employ as
money with such splendid success the SI,600,-
000,000 already noticed ; and it may serve to
caution us against that certain ruin that awaits
as if we shall disregard the plainest, dictates
of reason and the experience of the most pros-
perous and stable Governments of the world
upon this very subject.
THK PUBLIC UF.BT.
The Secretary reports our present debt at
$2,G31,G3G,'JGG. lie has a surplus in the Treas-
ury of $130,326,9G0, which lie expects to in-
- That may be the feeling-of the conservative;
bankers. Bankers, "like other people, •'consult
their own interests. The more contracted the
currency the greater the demand for it, and of
course the higher the rate of interest. That is
not all.1 Hen who have nothing 'but money,
and who operate with" moneyjare well pleased
when that money will eomAand- the highest
pride: A twenty-dollar bill-, vvith which a banker
can now buy a fat-hog" of a farmer, will, in a
few months, under a stringent currency, buy
two or even, three" such fat hogs. Conservative
bankers- know that when money is tight they
have "their harvest; when money is abundant
the-money-monger has but half the bargain;
tot it Become scarce and'he is "master of the
situation.'' All men of fixed salaries, all hold-
ers of public or private bonds, office-holders,
bankers, brokers, men of large means and large
leisure, all these will be advantaged by restricted
circulation and specie payment; but the pro-
ducing laboring classes" readily perceive that
their interests do not lie in that direction. They
prefer a flush currency, reliable and trustworthy,
that gives facility to trade in all its various
forms, and which can be conveniently and
cheaply obtained for use. Let it be a fixed
stable currency, and if it cannot have a good
word of indorsement from the Secretary who
sends it-out as money, let him at least forbear
to brand it as unconstitutional, and let it grow
into public favor and confidence by its own
inherent virtues. Let the people use and trust
it as the people's money, their own pledges of
faith, to be redeemed by themselves in their own
time and their own way. If the people are con-
tent with the currency as it is, why should the
Government distress itself to change it? The
currency and the Government are both made
for the people; and when the people are satis-
fied who has a right to complain ? who has a
right to crowd upon them new schemes, full of
peril if not calamitous beyond measure ? The
instincts- of the people are safer to be trusted
tjian the dogmas of a Secretary who has fallen
in love with his own theory and can therefore
see no fault in it. Public officers are but the
servants of the people; they should follow, not
dictate, public opinion. It will be time enough
to employ the energies of the Government in
the direction of specie payment when the voice
of the people shall indicate their will on that
subject. Until then all the disturbing efforts of
influential men on that subject only increase
the agitation in the circulation, and expose
those whose property is thrown upon the mar-
ket to all the evil consequences of that foolish
and dangerous intermeddling.
HOW SPECIE PAYMENT WILL COME.
If gentlemen wish to know when we shall
have specie payment I can tell them : when-
ever the people are ready to pay their taxes in
specie, then the Government will be able to
pay in specie, and then the long-desired bless-
ing will have descended upon us. It cannot
come at the other end of the line, as Mr. Mc-
Culloch proposes; it must begin with the
people, and as they have to take the initiative,
1 propose that they shall be the judges of the
time and the manner. When they are tired of
greenbacks they will not be slow to say so.
When they find they have too much money,
they will, speak out; when their produce is too
high or their taxes too low, you will hear from
them ; "when they shall desire to pay their taxes
in coin rather than currency, they will give
notice thereof, and then the Secretary may well
prepare for the new order of things, and his
base of operations will be reliable and fully
justify any vigorous measures to that end. But
until the people speak let their public servants
keep silence. By constant agitation they give
the money market a feverish uneasiness that
unsettles values and exposes the owners of
property of all kinds, but especially such as
enter the market for sale, to injurious and de-
preciating fluctuations, merely to gratify the
whims of a public officer, more ambitious than
wise, more intent upon propagating a financial
dogma than to advance the gre^t substantial
interests of the people.
OUR NATIONAL BANKS.
I do not propose to make war upon our na-
tional banks. In many respects they are as
well devised as could be desired to secure to
the people who receive their circulation the
ultimate redemption of every dollar,-and being
under the entire control of Congress to revise,
modify, or in any manner and to any extent
to change the law by which they are created,
there is every possible security against abuses
which have heretofore grown up in such insti-
tutions. Yet I can very readily discern that
if we were now, called upon to inaugurate such
a system how we could improve upon the
experience of the past. We pay these banks
$18,000,000 annually for the privilege of using
their currency, whereas our Government has
as good paper currency of its own that might
just as well be used for the same purpose and
cost us nothing.
Banks we shall always have; no one is bold
enough to claim that this extensive country
can carry on its business with the spirit of
enterprise and industry that characterize our
people without the aid of banks. But it would
have been well if our Government had fur-
nished the circulation and thus saved the inter-
est upon $300,000,000 of its public debt, which
interest now goes to the banks as a compensa-
tion for the use of their paper money which is
certainly no better, if so good, as the Govern-
ment money, of which we have an abundance
and the means of making more when it shall
be needed.
SPECIE PAYMENT—HOW" ?
But here we are met by our Secretary, who,
anxious for specie payment, insists upon with-
drawing from circulation all greenbacks, and
then make a fun upon the national banks and
force them to specie payment or to bankruptcy.
Let us look at this a moment. Imagine the
greenbacks all retired and the national banks
called on to redeem their notes in specie ; can
they do it ? No, sir ; they have no specie ; how
then ? They must call upon their debtors to pay
their bills in specie. There are $400,000,000
due them from the people, who have borrowed
of them—an ample sum to redeem every dollar
of their issue. Can the people raise the specie ?
No, sir ; it is not in the country. Mr. McCul-
loch says there is scarce §100,000,000 in the
United States, and he keeps from fifty to sev-
enty millions of that locked up for fear it will
leave us. Now impossibilities are required
of no one : here is a thing insisted upon which
every reasonable man must see is a bare ab-
surdity and cannot be accomplished. Very
well; the borrower cannot pay specie to the
banks, 'and the banks cannot pay specie for
their notes; what then ? Why, the Secre-
tary proceeds to wind them up ; he puts their
$300,000,000 of registered bonds, which are
deposited as surety for the redemption of their
circulation, upon a forced market, to raise the
gold to redeem the national currency. He inay
be successful, but if so it is a success full of
calamities to the country; a financial crisis
ensues, which bankrupts hundreds of thousands
of enterprising, industrious citizens, paralyzes
trade, deranges the finances of the Govern-
ment, breaks down its revenues, and little less
than universal ruin of Government and people
is the result of this master-stroke of finance
to bring forward premature specic payment.
It requires small foresight to see the tend-
ency of this theory of Mr. McCulloch, and the
only marvel is that of all men he alone refuses
to be instructed.
STOr THIS WAS UPON THE CURRENCY.
With a continuation of this war upon our
curreney by high public functionaries no bank-
ing institution issuing paper for circulation
could ever resume specie payment without
providing itself with coin equal to dollar for
dollar of circulation. The result would be an
exclusive hard-money currency; and as we are
assured that we have less than $100,000,000
