1867.
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1389
tory offering to treason. We sent to the Sen-
ate a proposition to meet the necessities of
the hour, which was protection without recon-
struction, and it sends back another which is
reconstruction without protection, and we are
expected to defer to its will by giving the pos-
sible and probable control to rebels, while it
holds unacted upon, another proposition of our
own, looking to reconstruction through the
agency of only loyal men.
And what is the argument upon which we
are expected to go back at the bidding of
another body, which is so far removed from
the people, to abandon their defenses and our
own, and allow them to crumble about our
heads, like the walls of Jericho, at the first
blast of the horns that have been sounded at
the other end of the Capitol? Why, just this:
that if we do not take their bill, we shall get
nothing. Well, I prefer nothing, unless it be
protection, which is all that is now wanted, and
just what this bill refuses. This point is an
urgent one. For the other we can afford to
wait, as we have waited, until this Congress
shall have expired. It is about to die. _ Does
the legislative power of the nation die with it?
Is it to have no successors ? Are we to make
a last will and testament in extremis, only be-
cause another Congress, which is to assemble
in two weeks, and will come here bearing the
latest expression of the will of the people, can-
not be trusted to do the thing which we have
so long neglected? It is not a question, as
gentlemen suggest, whether we can trust
ourselves—which they very confidently think
they can always safely do—but whether we can
trust our successors. There are men in both
Houses, I doubt not, who think we cannot.
They know of course that the next Congress
will be essentially different in its texture in
both branches, and particularly in the other,
from the present one. I humbly think it will
be an improvement. I shall hail the infusion
of new blood, as no disadvantage at all events.
The people have commissioned that Congress
to declare their will upon all the great issues
of the times, and I for one am prepared to
adjourn this question, as the greatest of all of
them, for their decision. Nay, further, I hum-
bly think that it is our duty to do so.
The argument in favor oi action now, is that
there is no time left for consideration. Upon
the same argument precisely, I am of the opin-
ion that it is our duty to leave this question to
our successors. If the work is to be done, and
well done, it must be done slowly. I for one
am in no hurry about it. I 'would offer no
terms of compromise to the conquered States.
I prefer to wait until they are in a condition to
come back. I want evidence that the hearts
of their people are changed. I am not credu-
lous enough to believe that after such a war,
there is any mollifier but time, and would not
give them my faith, even though they professed
to have changed, and were willing to attest it
by all the oaths which you can impose. They
will consent to anything, of course, that we
may demand, because there is no help for it.
But why should we desire their precipitate
return? Is it because the country would be
satisfied with the mere hollow semblance of
a Union, and that all we want is to see these
people back in our Halls, to embarrass our
legislation, and defy our power, as they did
before? I desire no such Union. It would
only reconvert these Halls into a Pandemo-
nium—a hell of discord, instead of such a Union
as the people long for. Better they should
remain outside for a generation. I rue states-
manship would so decide, at all events. iiiaX
anybody should think of bringing them back
just now, upon any terms whatever, is and
always has been a marvel to me. I undertake
to say that it cannot be done with safety to our
institutions. We can govern them outside ot
the Uniou ; we cannot govern them inside ot
it with the alliances they will form here. I
nropose to hold them where they are, until they
have come to love the Government which they
now avowedly hate; until, in a word, they
have come to show it, by honoring loyalty in-
stead of dealing with treason against this Gov-
ernment, as the highest of virtues, instead of
the most enormous and irremissible of crimes.
Mr. HILL obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. GRINNELL, who said: Mr. Speaker,
I simply desire to express my dissent to what
has been said by gentlemen that the constitu-
tional amendment was the issue in the last
Congress. And I wish, further to express the
fear, if there is a concurrence with the Senate,
wc shall find ourselves by the veto of the
President and the fillibustering anticipated
when it comes back from the President, wc
shall be like the man who went to hear the
celebrated George Whitfield. Overjoyed to
hear the great orator, and having rolled him-
self upon the ground and dirtied his coat, he
found it was not Whitfield, and then said, " I
have dirtied my coat for nothing." If we are
to vote for that which is unsatisfactory, there
ought to be some greater assurance that we
are to gain something for the humility of the
position into which this concurrence places us.
I greatly fear if I overcome my prejudices,
and yield my judgment to the Senate and vote
for this concurrence, I shall find myself ex-
actly in that position of the admirer of Whit-
field. I hope to sleep over this matter, and
come here in the morning to vote upon the
proposition understandingly, so as to please
one person at least, who cannot transfer his
individual responsibility; that person is my-
self. I therefore move that the House ad-
journ.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Hill] had the floor to make<that
motion and yielded to the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Gbinkell.]
Mr. HILL. I am glad to have given the
gentleman an opportunity to clean his coat,
and I now move that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at eleven o'clock and forty minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
By Mr. PAINE: The remonstrance of William
Blair, and others, citizens of Waukesha, Wisconsin,
against legislation depreciating or unsettling the
national currency.
By Mr. ROSS: The remonstrance of 97 citizens of
Canton, Illinois, against legislation disturbing the
national currency.
By Mr. SAWYER: Sundry claims of soldiers for
money deposited with the Merchants' National Bank.
Also, reports of the Secrotary of War and Pay-
master General.
Also, the petition of A. Grant, for relief in the
matter of tho contract for the rebuilding of certain
buildings at the Norfolk navy-yard.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The memorial of Lorenzo
Thomas, Adjutant General, United States Army, on
tho subject of tho pay of tho Army.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Elizabeth Davis, praying
for legislation to facilitate tho payment of "bounties
and pay due the widows and orphans of deceased
soldiers.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of J. V. Phillips,
Dwight Plimpton, and 31 others, citizens of Berrien
county, Michigan, praying Congress for an appropri-
ation for tho construction of a harbor at New Buffalo,
Michigan.
Also, the remonstrance of N. M. Thomas, 1*. S.
Brown, JF. W.'Hatch, and J.W.Briggs, of Schoolcraft.
Michigan, against legislation depreciating or un-
settling the established national ourrency.
By Mr. WINDOM: A concurrent resolution of the
Senate and House of Representatives of the State of
Minnesota, on thefinancial condition of tho country.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule, and referred to tho appropriate committees:
By Mr. BRADBORD: The petition of citizens of
Denver, Colorado, in relation to the national cur-
rency
lly Mr. COBB: Tho petition of citizens of Reeds-
burg, Sauk county, Wisconsin, for improvement of
water communications between the Mississippi val-
ley and the Atlantic sen-board. , ...
By Mr. CONKLING: The petition of 1,500 citizens
of the State of New York, praying that incomes to
the amount of $1,500 may be exempted from taxa-
^Tl'so, eight petitions, severally of citizens of Akron,
Pittsford, ChurchviUo, Frankfort, Corfu, Middlcport,
Oriskany, and of Orleans county, all of Now York,
pray in i? that incomes to tho amount of SI,500 may be
exempt from taxation. . ,,
By Mr. CULLOM: Four several petit ions signedby
numerous citizens of McLean county, Illinois, asking
Congress to repeal the law authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to withdraw troin circulation the na-
By*Mr^ELXOTTThe petition of William S. Eddy,
of Middleboro, Massachusetts, praying lor issue ot
a United States note for one accidentally destroyed.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of C. B. Albee,
Charles T. Pagelson.B.F. Curtis, James A. Rice, N.
H. White. Henry Brouwer, David E. Rose, S. kale,
and 80 others, citizens of Grand Haven, Michigan,
praying that the five per cent, tax upon manufac-
tures be removed. . „ .... -r, i-u
By Mr. HART: The petition of Ailing Brothers,
of Rochester, New York, and 20 others manufac-
turers of and dealers in leather, praying for a reduc-
tion of the internal tax on leather.
By Mr. HOLMES: The petition of Thomas Ivohoo
and Matthew Kerwin for American register for Oa-
nadian-buiit schooner Annexation.
Also, the petition ef J. V. Briggs & Co., and Strong
& Hubbell, of Oswego, New York, for removal of
internal revenue tax on manufactures. T
By Mr. LOAN: The petition of citizens of Ironton
and vicinity, Missouri, for the cj,tra
drew Johnson, acting President of the United btatcs.
Bv Mr LONGYEAR: The petitions of J.N. How-
land, and 107 others, and of J. Wei'. aI>d ¥-°
citizens of Washtenaw county, Michigan, asking that
flip tax on manufactures may be removed.
By flrf McCULLOTJGH: Tho petition of Josiah
Kerr, Thomas II. Webb, George D.. Smith,. A. S.
Evans, Henry Straughn, and others, citizens, of Dor
Chester county, Maryland, protesting against the
removal of the collection district at Vienna to Cns-
fiTWMr MILLER: The petition of citizens of Sun-
Imry Northumberland county, Pennsylvania, asking
that the five per cent tax imposed on manufactures
bo removed.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 19, 18G7.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m., pur-
suant to the order of yesterday. Prayer by tho
Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal "of yesterday -was read and
approved.
southern relief.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following joint resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of liepresentatives,
<ke„ That the Secrotary of the Navy bo, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed, upon the applica-
tion of the contributors, to assign one of tho vessels
of the United States for tho transportation of sup-
plies of food and elothinfr to Charleston, Savannah,
and Mobilo, for the use of that portion of the people
of tho southern States that may bo suffering from tho
failure of crops or other causes, undor such regula-
tions as may by the Secretary of tho Navy be pre-
scribed.
Mr. SPALDING. I am afraid that will
give rise to debate. I object.
service on a committee.
Mr. WARD, of New York. I ask to he
excused from service on the special commit-
tee of which the gentleman from Illinois, Mr.
Wentworth, is chairman.
No objection being made, the gentleman was
cxcuscd.
Mr. WARD, of New York. I ask leave to
print some remarks on the pending bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask leave also to prmt
some remarks.
Leave was granted.
leave op absence.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absence for three days for Mr. Garfield.
message fkom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed House bill No. 674, to establish
additional offices for the assay of gold and sil-
ver, and for other purposes, with amendments,
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of Wax, in
answer to tho resolution of the House of the
loth instant, relative to the rules by which the
beginning points of the claim of the Union
Pacific and Central Pacific railroad were ascer-
tained; which was printed, and referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
government op insurrectionary states.
Mr. SPALDING. I call for the regular
order j
The SPEAKER. By the unanimous order
of the House it now proceeds to vote upon the
pending question pertaining to the bill now on
the Clerk's table, providing for the government
of the late insurrectionary States, lhe gentle-
