1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
184-1
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. KASSON. I ask the gentleman from.
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] to defer for a
short time his motion to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
allow me to report back the Indian appropria-
tion bill as amended in accordancc with the
instructions of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. KASSON. I report back from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations the bill (H. K. No.
1039) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending 80th
June, 1868, with the amendments indicated by
the order of the House when the bill was last
under consideration. The instructions of the
1 House under which this bill was recommitted
to the committee were a little broader in their
terms than I think was intended by the mover
of those instructions or by the House. The first
item which under those instructions the com-
mittee was obliged to strike out is embraced
in lines eight to twenty-eight, inclusive,, of the
printed bill, embracing some items necessary
for the maintenance of the department here
at Washington, with some few other items. I
am instructed by the committee to move to
amend by reinserting that item, which is as
follows:
For the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, namely:
For the pay of superintendents of Indian affairs
and of Indian agents, $110,550.
For pay of sub-agents, $6,000.
For pay of clerk to superintendent at St. Louis,
Missouri, $1,200.
For pay of temporary clerks by superintendents ol
Indian affairs. $5,000.
For pay of clerk to superintendent of Indian affairs
in California, $1,800.
For pay of interpreters, $28,409.
For presents to Indians, $5,000.
For provisions for Indians, $11,800. .
For buildings at agencies and repairs thereof,
$10,000. ,
For contingencies of the Indian department,
$36,500. .
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. The next item struck out
under the instructions of the House is found
on page 44 of the printed bill, being the appro-
priations for the Senecas of New York. These
appi'opriations not being called for by any
treaty stipulations, the committee, acting in
obedience to their instructions, were compelled
to strike out. But I desire to state that, these
appropriations were included in the bill to
carry out obligations on the part, of the United
States, resulting from the Act that the^ United
States took into its Treasury a certain trust
fund, in consideration of which, by a law which
has been in force for a great many years, we
agreed to pay annually the interest on that
fund for the benefit of the Indians. ,The ob-
ligation is as distinct and imperative as if it
were imposed by treaty. The committee, there-
fore, have instructed me to move to amend by
reinserting in the bill on page 44, after line
ten hundred and forty-nine, the following:
Senecas of New York:
For permanent annuity, in lieu of interest on stock,
per act of 19 th February, 1831, ip6,000. a-.™ ■.
. Foi interest, in lieu of investment oriW.000, at
five per cent., per act of 27th June, 184b, S3,. oU.
For interest at five per cent., on §>43,0o0. transfeired
from Ontario Bank to thoTJnited States treasury, per
act of 27th June, 1846, $2,152 50.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. The next item struck out
by the committee, in obedience to the instruc-
tions of the House, is found on page 48 of the
printed bill, under the head of ''Sioux ot
Dakota." The committee have directed me
to move the reinsertion of this paragraph with
a, modification of the language, so as to show
that the appropriation is in accordance with
treaty stipulations, which does not appear by
the language of the paragraph as originally
reported. I therefore move to amend by in-
serting on page 48, after line eleven hundred
and fifty-seven, the following:
Sioux of Dakota:
For expense ot transporting and delivering articles
furnished for the nine bands of Sioux aforesaid, as
required by treaties made at Fort Sully in October,
1865, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to. . .
Mr. KASSON. The principle items that
were intended to be struck out in pursuance
of the instructions of the House commence on
page 55, under the head of " general incidental
expenses of the Indian service." I do not
propose to enter into any debate on this sub-
ject. I have only to say that the Committee
on Appropriations, upon a careful reexamina-
tion of all those jtems, have felt it absolutely
necessary for the continuance of peaceful
relations in the sections of country inhabited
by the Indians that these appropriations
should be made. The Representatives from
the States and Delegates from the Territories
named in these clauses are very urgent in
insisting on the necessity of the several appro-
priations, fearing wars as the immediate result
of a failure on the part of Congress to provide
these necessary current appropriations to pre-
serve the peace. I shall therefore ask that
the several clauses be read in their order, and
that the Representatives and Delegates inter-
ested may state the facts bearing upon the
question.
The SPEAKER. The provisions can only
be inserted as amendments.
Mr. KASSON. I move as the §rst amend-
ment to insert the following:
General incidental expenses of the Indian service:
For the general incidental expenses ot the Indian
service in the Territory ol' Amona, presents ol'
goods, agricultural implements, aiul other useful
articles, and to assist them to locate in permanent
abodes and sustain themselves by the pursuits ot
civilized life, to bo expended under tho direction of
the Secretary of the Interior, &15.000.
The estimate is for thirty-five thousand
Indians. The amount asked for originally in
the estimate submitted to the committee was
$70,000. We have reduced it to $35,000—a
dollar for each Indian.
These Indians are now upon a reservation ;
and in consequence of not, having received this
money they, believing they had been defrauded
by the agent, actually murdered him, saying
their Great Father must have sent the money,
and that the agent was responsible for their
failure to receive it. We are informed this
appropriation is indispensable.
Mr. SCOFIELD. This is an appropriation
of $35,000 to assist these Indians to locate in
permanent abodes, and to sustain them in the
pursuits of civilized life. _ We have never been
able to accomplish the civilization of any body :
of Indians, although to that end we have ex- 1
pended a large amount of money. It seems
tho more money we expend on them the worse
we make them. .
Now, sir, I do believe the Indians had good
reason to suspect the Indian agents had kept
the money, because they knew the character
of these Indian agents and what they had done
in other instances. They have come to know,
little as they know about civilized life, all the
money the Great Father sends to them never
comes to them. If we appropriate this $35,000
I do not believe ten per cent, of the amount
will ever reach the hands of the Indians, and
what little does will be filched from them m
some wrongful trade.
Mr. KASSON. I have but a word to say in
reply. I regret my friend trom Pennsylvania
is not willing to trust, to some extent at least,
to the gentleman who represents that region
of country. There are few persons who have
not been there who must not trust to these
representations. In reference to all matters
touching oil or any other interest of his district
we consult the gentleman, and in like manner
we are bound to consult and take the recom-
mendations of the Representatives here irom
these remote Territories. These Indian rela-
tions have suffered interruption, and it is ne-
cessary they should be restored We have
reduced the appropriation one halt, iheso
Indians are already upon this reservation.
This amounts to only one dollar an Indian.-
The House divided; and there, were—ayes
27, noes 13 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. SCOFIELD. In a full House we de-
cided against this appropriation, and I do not
feel disposed to let it pass without question.
The SJPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Wisdom and Mr. Braxdegee.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 60, noes 39.
So tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move the following as the
next amendment:
For the general incidental expenses of tho Indian
service in California, including traveling expenses
of tho superintending agents, $7,500.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
34, noes 11; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Higby and Mr. Ancoxa.
The House again divided; and there were—
ayes 05, noes 81.
The SPEAKER voted in the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to insert the following:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
sci'vice in Uoloiado Territory, presents of goods,
agricultural implements, and other useful articles,
and to assist them to locate in permanent abodes,
and sustain themselves by tho pursuits of civilized
life, to be expended under tho direction of tho Secre-
tary of tho Interior, $20,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire of the
gentlemen from Iowa whether this is not a
1-eintroduction into this bill of the items that
the House upon careful consideration ordered
to be stricken out, and the bill to be reported
without them. It will bo remembered that this
question of Indian appropriation was very
much debated a short time since, and after full
discussion the Committee oil Appropriations
were instructed to reconsider the bill and strike
out all these items. I would like to know how
many of them have been reintroduced in the
form of amendments to the bill.
Mr. KASSON. The committee have reex-
amined these items, and as I stated at the
opening, but I presume the gentleman did not
hear me, have sought to relievo the bill en-
tirely of the appropriations that were objected
to unless the necessities of the case required
them to bo retained or reinserted. Tho ques-
tion was whether the amounts appropriated
could b# reduced. In accordance with the
order of the House we have reported the
bill back with ccrtain necessary items rein-
serted. I am obliged to differ with tho gen-
tleman in his statement that all these items
were stricken out on careful consideration.
They were stricken out without special consid-
eration upon the general theory that what
were called incidental expenses ought to be
dissevered entirely trom the bill in all cases.
The committee in executing the order of the
House have reinserted ccrtain appropriations
that were in accordance with existing obliga-
tions, money obligations of the United States,
resulting from the taking of trust iunds and
agreeing by law with the tribes whose funds
were taken by the United States to pay them
annuities or money in the shape of interest.
In several instances of this kind to strike out
the appropriations would be a repudiation of
the obligations of the Government, and these
items are therefore reinserted.
Then, in regard to these expenditures, the
committee made a thorough examination, and
upon consultation with the Delegates from the
Territories, as well as with the Indian Bureau,
we found that to break off suddenly and inter-
rupt completely the habits to which the Indians
have become accustomed, as if by the fm'ce ot
law, of receiving annually certain a,id_ ana
assistance from tho United States, would inev-
itably, in many instances, tend to promote
war, robbery, and murder ot the whites V, e
were so entirely convinced of that fact that
| there was no dissenting voice m the commit-
I tec when they instructed me to move to rem-
