1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
579
the money of trade. Every dollar of this debt,
interest as well as principal, must be paid by
the labor of the nation. It makes no difference
whether it is collected from duties on foreign
imports, excise on whisky, tobacco, and other
luxuries. I care not how cunningly taxes may
be laid, the burden'must, as surely as death will
come to all the living, in the end all be borne
by labor. It is therefore the interest, nay the
imperative duty of every Christian, philanthro-
pist, patriot, and lover of justice, as well as of
the entire industrial classes, to see that these
burdens are made as light as possible and
equally distributed on all classes and interests.
The first question that arises is: Will the
financial policy adopted and being pursued by
the Government lead to these results ? I think
a thorough investigation and careful examina-
tion of the subject will convince any intelli-
gent, impartial mind that it will not. The
reasons upon which this opinion is founded are
as follows: the same parties who have con-
trolled the money interests of the nation in the
past are to conduct it in the future, and by
means somewhat similar, to wit: a bank cur-
rency purporting to be redeemable in money.
Under the former system this currency was is-
sued under the authority of the several States;
sectional interests and jealousies prevented a
consolidation and lessened the power of the
bankers for mischief. The currency issued by
these institutions was never any better apology
for money than falsehood for truth. The neces-
sity for money to conduct business operations,
and the absence of anything better, compelled
the people to accept their note3 in exchange for
their property and products, which gave the
bankers the control of the moneyed interest of
the whole country, with power to regulate the
value of all the property in the nation and fix
the rewards of labor in every department of
industry; and they wielded this power with
an eye single to their own benefit. They ex-
panded and contracted the currency, raised
and lowered the rate of interest, encouraged
or prostrated all legitimate enterprise and pro-
ductive industry, set the laws at defiance, and
suspended and resumed specie payments at
pleasure, and in every possible way made the
public interest subservient to their cupidity.
The so-called national banking system is
founded on the same principle, with greatly
multiplied powers for mischief. A change of
base, while the principle remains the same,
can at best be but the exchange of one evil
for another. To get a clear understanding of
the practical workings of this system and its
powers for oppressing the wealth-producing
classes we must consider it in connection with
the laws authorizing the national loans and
establishing the revenue system, for they are
inseparably connected. Time on this occa-
sion will not permit a general review of those
laws, and I will therefore confine myself to the
consideration of a few of their most important
provisions, which I think will serve to show
that they are founded on a wrong principle
and inimical to and subversive of the princi-
ples of freedom and equality upon which our
democratic institutions are founded, and must
work great injustice to the wealth-producing
classes.
The law enacting the national banking system
clothes the Secretary of the Treasury of the
United States with unprecedented and danger-
ous power; his control over the Bureau of the
Currency is absolute, without check or restraint
from any other department of the Government.
Indeed, so far as the interest of the people is
concerned, with but few and unimportant ex-
ceptions, these unrestricted powers prevail
throughout the whole law. Thus the' whole
moneyed interest of the nation is under the
control of a single man; the banks are only the
medium through which this centralized power
operates. And when these despotic powers
(for such they surely are) are wielded by one
whose life has been devoted, not to encouraging
the development of the national resources by
aiding honest industry and fostering legitimate
enterprise, but to sacrificing public and private
interests and filching from honest toil the last
farthing when necessary to pay large dividends
to the stockholders in the banks with which he
may have been connected or over which he
may have been called to preside. This is the
character of the man these bankers will insist
shall fill the office of Secretary of the Treasury
of the United States, and they will permit no
other character to occupy that place for any
length of time, for through Congress they have
the power to remove him; and should this sys-
tem be continued we will not have many elec-
tions before a majority of that body will be
stockholders in these banks, if indeed that be
not the ease already. I venture the prediction
that if you should interrogate the Secretary as
to the wisdom and justice of his plan, he would
tell you it was the wisest and best that could
possibly be devised, for he had consulted with
the leading bankers and most intelligent busi-
ness men of Wall street, New York, Third
street, Philadelphia, and State street, Boston,
by all of whom it was most heartily approved,
and well it might be; because if you could go
back and get at the paternity of the measure
you would find it originated with them, was
presented by them to the Secretary for his ap-
proval, and not by the Secretary to them for
their indorsement.
This is the history of every financial measure
adopted by the Government since the com-
mencement of the rebellion, excepting alone
the issue of the legal-tender Treasury notes,
and this was the measure that sustained the
credit of the Government and carried us through
the darkest hours of our troubles, and which
was opposed by these bankers and intelligent
business men at every step, and which they
now demand shall be blotted from our statutes.
It is entirely unnecessary for me to say any-
thing in this connection in relation to the busi-
ness and interest of the bankers; these are un-
derstood by all; but a word in reference to the
business and interests of these intelligent busi-
ness men, of whose wisdom and patriotism
newspapers have so much to say, and who have
so much influence in molding the financial legis-
lation of the Government, may not be amiss;
for it would be very natural to suppose that they
were the energetic, enterprising portion of our
business community, who are engaged in the
development of our resources; but not a bit
of it. Thev are the speculators in stocks, food,
clothing, and all the products of labor, stand-
ing between the producers and consumers—
amassing fortunes by a species of the very
worst kind of gambling; and 'while they are
permitted to exercise such a powerful influ-
ence over the financial policy of the_ Govern-
ment as they now do, we can be nothing but a
nation of gamblers; useful enterprise cannot
be undertaken, nor can the legitimate com-
mercial operations of the nation be conducted
other than as gambling operations. These '
banks are authorized to be located in every
city and village throughout the length and
breadth of the land, forming a complete sys-
tem of financial espionage. Under the reve-
nue system they will have their thousands of
agents in every part of the country, clothed
with authority to pry into the affairs of each
individual. I say their agents, because they
will control the Government, and no officer or
agent of the Government who is not in the in-
terest and the* willing tool of this moneyed aris-
tocracy can hold any office or place under the
Government. Through these means they will
have a full knowledge of the business of every
miner, farmer, mechanic, merchant, manufac-
turer, railroad company, and other enterprises
in the nation. This will enable them to oper-
ate understandingly; and with their unrestricted
power over the currency of the nation they
can make every other interest, however great,
subservient to their cupidity, and tax the in-
dustrial classes until they become as helpless
as the fly in the spider's web—tax their man-
hood out of them.
Their circulation is to be apportioned amapg
the States and Territories by the Secretary of
the Treasury, having due regard to the existing
banking capital, resources, and business of such
States and Territories. The effect of this wili
be to give a few of the eastern cities and vil-
lages the control of the currency of the nation,
they having a majorpartof the existing banking
capital. The law provides that three fifths of
the amount, to be kept on hand in lawful money
to redeem their circulation, may consist of
clearing-house certificates and balances: due
from other associations. The effect of this
will be to require the banks in our large cities
to keep on hand but ten cents, ana those
located in all other places but six cents on the
dollar in lawful money for the redemption of
their circulation, or an average of about eight
per cent. It would be quite natural to conclude
that the banks gave the Government some val-
uable considerations for the grant of those sov-
ereign principles and powers, but they do not.
They are to have the use of the public money
(except receipts from customs) for-banking
purposes. They draw the interest in gold on
the bonds deposited to secure the redemption
of their circulating notes, and receive ninety
per cent, of the value of the bonds so depos-
ited, which they loan to the people at from
seven to ten per cent.; and to reimburse the
Treasury for printing their notes and all other
expenses incurred under the law, and in lieu of
all taxes on their circulation and the bonds
deposited to secure the redemption thereof,
they are required to pay into the national
Treasury only one half of one per cent, semi-
annually, which will not probably more than
defray the expenses incurred by the Govern-
ment under the law. Thus, instead of the bank-
ers paying a liberal bonus to the Government
for these unheard-of privileges and powers,
as claimed by the bankers ana their allies, the
law virtually exonerates them from taxation.
Let us now look at the profits these bankers
derive from this systeru. To put in circulation
SSOO,000,000 currency will require the deposit
of $333,333,333 in bonds, on which they draw
six per cent, in gold, equal to at least eight and
one half per cent, in the money of trade, but
which, when we take into account the exemp-
tion from taxes, will equal full ten per cent.
They have the $300,000,000 of currency re-
ceived from the Government, which they loan
to the people at an average of nine per cent, per
annum ; add to this the Government deposits,
which they will loan to the people, and which
I think will average as much as $100,000,000,
from which must be deducted the interest on
eight per cent, of their circulation, kept on
hand for the redemption of their notes.
Interest on bonds deposited (§333,333,333) at 10 per
cent $33,333,333
Interest oil circulation ($300,000,000) at 9
per cent    27,000,000
Interest oil Government deposits ($100,-
(X)0,000) at 9 per cent  9,000,000
Total income   69,333,333
Deduct interest on $24,000,000 kept on
hand to redeem circulation ftt9 per cent. 2,160,000
Net income §67,173,333
or a fraction over twenty per cent, per annum.
Another, and not the least mischievous ajid
dangerous provision of this scheme is that it
will be a close corporation. The only channel
through which the people, who are compelled
to exchange their labor, products, and property
for these bank promises, can obtain any knowl-
edge of the solvency of the different institutions
issuing this currency is through the Secretary
of the Treasury, for he has the sole power of
choosing the time and appointing the agents
to examine the association. When one of
these institutions fails the Secretary of the
Treasury will without doubt protect the iriteE-
ests of his friends, the bankers and intelligent
business men, by giving theru timely notice,
and the Government and those engaged in
legitimate business will become the victims of
their villainies.
It is true that for the present the circulation
of the banks is limited to $300,000,000; but,
having secured these unwarranted powers and
privileges, the bankers and usurers will either
demand the withdrawal of foe legal-tender
