1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1S4S
agents have been in general, or certainly to a
very large extent, very unsuitable persons to
be intrusted with the eare of the Indians, much
less with the expenditure of the public money.
I would like to hear from the gentleman
whether that opinion is well or ill founded, so
far as he knows.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will answer the ques-
tion with a great deal of pleasure. Some of
the Indian agents and superintendents are good
men, honest and true; while others of them
are very dishonest, bad men. That is about
the state of the case.
I will say that the warmth with which I have
spoken on this question of Indian affairs has
arisen from a deep conviction of the necessity
for proper care of the Indians on the part of
the Government. I did not intend any per-
sonal reflections upon any gentleman.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to know further,
whether, in point of fact, the large expendi-
tures which have been made for the removal
of the Indians to reservations and the care of
them there have been attended with any practi-
cal benefit, either to the Indians or to the white
settlers
Mr. HENDERSON. There have been hun-
dreds and thousands of them on our reserva-
tions. They are, to a great extent, supporting
themselves, and are not disturbing the whites
in any manner. They show great docility, and
are being taught to take care of themselves.
This is the fact.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask in relation
to one further point.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I cannot yield further to
the gentleman. I yield now to the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Higby.]
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker, it appears to me
to be the duty of those members who represent
States where there are a great many Indians,
and who are familiar with their condition, to
give any pertinent information on this subject.
There are in some localities Indians residing
on reservations and under the care of the Gov-
ernment, but who are not under treaty. ^ This
is the condition of the Indian system in the
State of California ; and the case is the same
in the State of Nevada; and I presume a sim-
ilar state of affairs is found in the other States
and in the Territories.
There is a vast distinction between the Indi-
ans on reservations under the care of the Gov-
ernment and those in roving tribes living in a
wild manner. As far as regards the State of
California the whole expenditure is for Indians
upon reservations, with the exception that the
superintendent may have asked for some small
appropriation to provide seeds, agricultural
implements, &c., for the Indians called Mission
Indians in the southern part of the State, 'who
are living by agriculture. They are peaceable
Indians, and must be entirely cared tor by the
Government or the people, unless they are
aided and encouraged in cultivating the soil
and providing the means of their own suste-
nance. They have been educated and civilized
by the Iloman Catholic mission, established in
that country many years ago when it belonged
to the Mexican Government. With this excep-
tion all the expenditures in our State arc for
Indians on reservations. Many thousands of
them have gone on those reservations with the
understanding that if they remain peaceable
they shall be provided for by the Government,
and these annual expenditures are made for
that purpose.
I will state further, sir, in 1865 when, as a
member of the committee investigating the
condition of Indian Affairs I made the investi-
gation in that State, the War Department had
several hundred Indians upon the Sand Spit at
Humboldt bay, as prisoners of war, and from
there they were taken and settled upon the
Round Valley reservation, with the under-
standing, at least on part of the War Depart-
ment, they should be kept there by this Gov-
ernment so long as they remained at peace.
We have now there some fifteen hundred In-
dians altogether. These Indians had been at
war with the Government, but they are now
living there at peace. This is not according to
treaty stipulations, but, as I have already stated,
there is an understanding to keep them there.
Whatever may be the case in reference to
other superintendents, I know Mr. Maltby, our
superintendent, and by whom these appropria-
tions are recommended, is an Jionorable and
high-minded gentleman. I can speak of his
fidelity and usefulness.
There is another point to be considered. Cal-
ifornia will not be represented here after the
4th of March next, because our election does
not take place until the first Tuesday of Sep-
tember, and I therefore ask this appropriation
shall be made now.
Mr. SCOPIELD. Mr. Speaker, it is very
hard to kill a worthless appropriation. It is
very easy to destroy an honest one. A real
meritorious claim can almost always be de-
feated, but a bad one never can it seems. It
comes back here every year and always has its
advocates.
Mr. LYNCH. Let me ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Not now. It is not so,
Mr. Speaker, because members of Congress
prefer a bad cause to a good one, but because
the persons interested in a bad appropriation
are everywhere around to press their claim,
to misrepresent and to deceive with wrong
information.
The gentleman from Oregon [Mr. Hender-
son] tells us the people who live upon the
borders know more about Indians than we do.
I have no objection to acknowledge that.
They know more about the Indian character
than we do. I am opposing the amendment
of the gentleman from Iowa because it is not
for the benefit of the Indians. It does not
even profess to be for the benefit of the In-
dians. It is as follows:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in Colorado Territory, presents of goods,
agricultural implements, and othor useful articles,
and to assist them to locate in permanent abodes,
and sustain themselves by the pursuits of civilized
life, <fec.
Who are them ? I ask the gentleman from
Iowa. There is nothing said about the Indians.
It provides for general incidental expenses,
&e., to assist them. Them means the Indian
service, and the Indian service means the men
who get the money. That is all.
The gentleman from California says they are
keeping in subjugation some Indians, some-
thing that is not in the amendment. The para-
graph is as follows:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in California, including traveling expenses
of the superintending agents, $7,500.
It is all for the service, and the service is
all stealing off the Government. Now and
then, perhaps, you get an honest agent.
A Member. And they kill him.
Mr. SCOFIELD. ■ Then they kill him as the
gentleman suggests. I do not mean to charge
all the men in the Indian service are bad men,
but they get*into bad habits in the service.
The gentleman from Iowa does not pretend
this amendment is for the Indians. The very
language employed says it is^ for the Indian
service for th&m, without saying whom th&wi
means. They are very bad in grammar in that
committee; or them means this appropriation
shall go to the Indian agents.
This has been stricken out once on full con-
sideration, and here we have it attempted to be
put back again. _
The committee have done just as they did
before. After having come here with their
appropriation bill and the House having sent
it back with instructions to strike out all these
items, they now come back with it to the House
with all the items in. I think they ought to be
satisfied with the instructions. But as 1 said
before a bad cause never dies.
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has remarked how easy it is to kill
a good measure. I presume he remembers
a striking illustration of that fact in the foi tin-
cation appropriation bill, that was killed the
other day on his motion.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have no doubt but what
these mischievous appropriations will come
back here in some way. If we do not originate
them here they will do so in the Senate. They
are of the class of mischievous appropriations
that never get their death-blow Suiywhere, and
they will come back in some shape or another
until the firmness of one member after another
yields and they get through at last. You
cannot kill them.
Mr. IiASSQN. I had hoped that after the
very full discussion the other day on the gen-
eral question the discussion to-day might be
confined to the specific facts that should
enlighten the House. There are two or three
gentlemen from the Territories who desire to
be heard on this question, and the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs desires also
to be heard. I propose therefore to retain the
floor, but to yield it first to the chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. Speaker, I did not
desire to make any remarks on this subject
when, a few days ago, the House at one fell
swoop struck out the whole of these appropri-
ations. I chose to content myself simply with
voting against it. I was so astonished at the
action or this body that I felt as though a little
reflection on the part of members who thus
voted would bo all that was necessary. I sup-
pose it is a little spasm of economy that has
seized a few gentlemen here, who expect to
save a few dollars to the Treasury by this oper-
ation. Now, let me say that in the eight years'
experience that I have had here I have seen
on almost every question these spasms seize
the House. A few years ago tliey seized it
with reference to Indian affairs. To-day the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofieu>]
seems to have been seized with a more severe
attack than any of the rest.
Now, all I desire to say upon this point is
simply this, that these Indians in the Territories
and new States have been collected in large
numbers on reservations. They have been led
and they have had certain appropriations made
for their benefit. They need at certain seasons
of the year, and expect to receive, these gifts
which they understand the Government in-
tends to distribute to them. What, then, is
the result of striking out these appropriations?
Not being possessed of the wisdom and econ-
omy of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, they
will come in at the next season as they have
done hitherto, expecting to receive these pres-
ents which they understood the Government is
bound to give them, but which, in a fit of econ-
omy, it has determined to withhold. They will
come there destitute and they will go away
dissatisfied, believing that the Government has
violated its obligation. The only remedy the
Indian knows under such circumstances is war,
and war it will be in every Territory of this
Union if this monstrous and reckless propo-
sition of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
prevails. T call it monstrous, because it will
expose the lives of our frontier settlers and of
every man whose business it is to cross the
plains. I pronounce it reckless also for the
same reason. If the House shall follow the
lead of the gentleman from Pennsylvania ^ and
strikes out indiscriminately all these provisions,
you will in less than two years from to-day
appropriate $100 for every dollar you save
to-day by this sort of economy, for there will
be war all over the Indian country.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman ought to
add cruelty to agents.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not know what the
gentleman means by cruelty to agents. I am
glad he mentions it, however, fori want to
say here so far as agents are concerned I
have not the slightest interest in one of them.
I have had the honor of serving as chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs four years,
and I have never had but one friend appointed
to the Indian Bureau, and the moment the last
Secretary of the Interior, Mr. Harlan, came
in he was removed. I have-not now a single
friend anywhere in the Indian service, <md I
never hava asked aa appointment, simply
