5S0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 18,
Treasury notes, which-cost, the people nothing,
tod an increase of their circulation,, which really-
cost the tax-payers nine.per cent, in the money
of trade, .or that the currency,shall be con-
tracted under the delusive plea of a return to
specie payments. If the- former policy be
.adopted-, just as fast as -the legal-tenders are
withdrawn from circulation their place will be
filled with the notes of the banks, and we shall
soon have as mudM as $700,000,000 of the notes
of the banksin circulation, from which the banks
will derive an annual income of $156,700,000;
while the, interest at three per cent, per annum
on the amount of capital necessary to put this
amount of notes in circulation will only amount
to $23^333,000, leaving to the bankers a net
annual profit of $133,367,000, every dollar of
which is an unnecessary ana unjust burden
imposed on the industrial wealth-producing
class, for the benefit of the bankers. The adop-
tion of the latter policy would, if possible, be
more unjust and oppressive to the industrial
wealth*producing classes or tax-payers than the
former in the present condition of the nation.
It must be remembered that the banks never
have and: never will, under any system, pay
specie, unless by so doing they can promote
their own selfish interest. Let us then look at
the effects of an attempt to return to specie
payments in the present condition of the coun-
try. It would increase the value of money or
non-producing capital and augment its power
over labor and property. Reducing prices by
raising the rate of interest and increasing the
power of money is simply robbing labor for
the benefit of non-producing capital. If, by
contracting the currency, the bushel of grain,
yard of cloth, pair of boots, coat, hat, and all
other productions of labor be reduced to one
half their present price the price of labor must
fall in a like proportion ; while if the rate of
interest on the Government bonds and other
moneyed obligations, as well as bank divi-
dends, remain unchanged the value of money
will be doubled; for the interest and dividends,
when earned and paid, will buy double the
amount of the products of labor and hire twice
the number of days' work. It will also practi-
cally double the pay of every assessor, tax-
gatherer, postmaster, member of Congress, and
other officer or agent of the national Govern-
ment, as well as those of the States, counties,
and cities, for their pay will buy double the
amount of the products of labor. It will readily
be seen that the practical effect of this policy
will be to double the taxes as well as the obli-
gations of every debtor in the nation, increase
the value of all money obligations, and ren-
der all public offices more desirable.
It is not, then, at all surprising that brokers,
bankers, bond-holders, and the non-producing
classes generally should be the advocates for
-its adoption, or that there should be such other-
wise unaccountable unanimity on the part of
the leading journals (without regard to their
political sentiment) in favor of it, for most of
them are either directly or indirectly largely
benefited by it; nor is it by any means won-
derful that our law-makers and Government,
officers and agents should be susceptible to
these potent influences. But it is a matter of
astonishment that farmers, miners, artisans,
mechanics, merchants, and all who are em-
ployed in any branch of useful industry or
engaged in legitimate enterprise or any of the
useful callings and professions, as well as
patriots, philanthropists, and Christians, have
so long silently permitted the enemies of free-
dom and justice to usurp the sovereign power
to make money and regulate its value—one of
the most essential attributes of sovereignty—
by which they secure the power to control the
value of all the property in the nation and fix
the rewards of labor iu every department of
useful industry, to subvert the principles of
justice and freedom upon which our noble
temple of liberty was founded, to violate with
impunity every right of humanity, and to re-
duce to a state of vassalage or slavery the
whole enterprising, wealth-producing classes
of tho nation.
Having secured exemption from State and
municipal taxes, they will next demand exemp-
tion from taxes on the incomes arising from
bank dividends and interest on the Govern-
ment bonds. They will then have a legalized
money aristocracy. The farmers, mechanics,
merchants, and wealth-producing classes gen-
erally might with equal justice ask that their
property, products, and labor should be exempt
from all taxes. But, should they make this
demand, what a howl the bankers, brokers,
usurers, and the professional politicians and
sensation newspapers in the interest of this
money aristocracy would raise! They would
brand it as repudiation. • And what is the
exemption from taxes of your bonds, bearing
bankrupting rates of interest, and your twenty
per cent, bank dividends but legalized repu-
diation? These laws or schemes, taken to-
gether, give the oue twentieth the power to rob
the other nineteen twentieths of the surplus
products of all their labor and talents; and any
system that authorizes and empowers one class
to take from another class the fruits of their
labor and talents without equivalent is practi-
cal slavery. I care not what it is called.
When you deprive a man of the right to the
enjoyment of the fruits of his labor and talents,
there is no other right which he can long main-
tain. The continual and pressing wants of his
physical nature will soon reduce him to abject
slavery; and what is true of the individual is
true of the nation. I find in the "American
Conflict," by Horace Greeley, Esq., the follow-
ing extract from Roman history, which I think
worthy of being repeated in this connection:
"The first man who ever imbibed thedelnsion that
it was more advantageous for him or any human be-
ing to procure whatever his necessities or appetite
required by address and scheming than by honest
work, by the unrequited rather than the fairly and
faithfully recompensed toil of his fellow-creatures,
was in essence and at heart a slaveholder, and only
awaited opportunity to become one in deed and prac-
tice.^ It is none the less true, however, that ancient
civilization, in its various national developments,
was habitually corrupted, debauched, and ultimately
ruined by slavery, which divided society horizontally
into a small easte of the wealthy, educated, refined,
and independent, and a hungry, sensual, thriftless,
and worthless populace, rendered impossible the
preservation of republican liberty and eivilized
equality, even among the nominally free. Diogenes
with his lantern might have vainly looked through
many a long day among; the followers of Marius or
Cataline or Ca&sar for a specimen of the poor, but vir-
tuous and self-respecting Roman citizens of the days
of Cmeinnatus or even of Kegulus."
I am persuaded that a thorough investiga-
tion and a careful examination into all the provis-
ions of these laws will convince any intelligent,
disinterested mind that, under their operation,
labor cannot be properly rewarded; that the
well-to-do farmers, mechanics, merchants, and
others will soon be reduced to the present
status of common laborers, and those who now
earn their bread by daily toil to a state of posi-
tive servitude. 1 assert, without fear of suc-
cessful contradiction, that an investment of a
§1,000,000 under these laws will yield a larger
net income than a like amount invested in
lands and slaves, employed in raising cotton
or sugar, did in the South in the palmiest days
of the oligarchy; and it was its commercial or
economical value, in other words its profitable-
ness, that maintained the institution of slavery
in the South. Thus, instead of materially bet-
tering the condition of the poor African, we
propose to nationalize slavery by unwise and
unjust legislation in the institution of money,
and imposing on the industrial, wealth-pro-
ducing classes onerous and unnecessary bur-
dens for the benefit of a privileged class.
Prominent among the objects for which
Governments are instituted is the protection of
life and property; it is then but even justice
that each should share its rightful proportion
of the burdens and sacrifices necessary for its
support. Labor lias, in the late struggle for
the maintenance of the Government, fought the
battles, furnished the food, clothing, arms,
and munitions of war, with the means of trans-
portation. In a word, the industrial classes
performed their whole duty to the Government.
Now, let us see how money or non-pro-
ducing capital, which is prjteeted by the laws
equally with labor, fulfilled its obligations to
the Government,. At the commencement of
the rebellion money was abundant in our large
commercial centers at from- four to five per
cent, on first-class securities. The first demand
made by the Government was fora. loan of
some $8,000,000, for which it offered its bonds,
bearing six per cent, interest, which, if my
memory serves me right, was bid for at abont
eighty cents on the dollar, equal to seven and
one half per cent. And the so-called capital-
ists went on increasing in their demands arid
warring on the credit of the Government until
they got the rate of interest up to nine per
cent, on the money of trade on the Govern-
ment securities, and the bonds exempt from
State and municipal taxes; and when in its
extremity the Government was compelled to
resort to the issue of Treasury notes, even this
necessary and just measure met with their op-
position. They forbade Congress making the
Treasury notes a legal tender for the payment
of the interest on the bonds, and nothing but
their fears prevented the entire defeat of the
measure.
Thus it will be seen that money has not only
been exempt from the sacrifices that labor ana
human life have been subjected to, but, on the
contrary, its value, and consequently its power r
over property and labor has been doubled by
the rebellion. And this, too, without render-
ing the Government or people any service
whatever. If there had not been a bank note
or gold dollar in the nation at the commence-
ment of the war we should have got along
infinitely better financially than we have.
Gold and its worshipers have waged a con-
tinual war against the credit of the Govern-
ment during ail our troubles, and it is to-day
of no more use to us as money than if every
ounce of it was still in the California mines.
And as .for bank notes, they have been and
are a fraud upon the rights of labor; no matter
whether issued under State or national author-
ity, their character is the same; and every true
and loyal man prefers the plighted faith of the
nation in the shape of legal-tender Treasury
notes. This is the only money which has been
truly loyal, and to it we are entirely indebted
for our financial success. The soldiers and
producers have always been willing to accept
it for their services and supplies, and these are
the classes that have defended and sustained
the Government and upon whom the future
hopes of the Republic depend. It is then the
duty of the Government to protect the rights
of these, its real supporters, rather than be-
come an instrument in the hands of a few
bankers and usurers for their oppression and
degradation. If we add to the Government
expenditures proper the payment of the debts
incurred by States, counties, cities, and towns
for war purposes, the sum will not fall below
$400,000,000 annually, which will equal two
per cent, on the entire national wealth. And
the taxes for State and municipal purposes
will be equal to at least three per cent, more;
and it is but just that, as the Government
bonds are not subject to tax for State and
municipal purposes, they should be subjected
to a higher tax by the Government than other
property not so exempt; and the bill only
contemplates for this purpose the imposition
of what would be equal to one per cent, of
the principal of the bond, which is only one
third of the amount paid on other property.
Much, very much, remains to bo said upon
these very important subjects of legislation.
But sufficient, I think, has been presented to
; convince any mind open to conviction that
j our monetary and revenue systems are founded
! on a wrong basis and work great injustice to
i the wealth-producing classes ; that our falsely
j constituted monetary system is the monopoly
| of all monopolies; that railroad and other
I kindred monopolies are but a means by which
this power despoils the industrial classes of
their productions: that it is this which renders
necessary our so-called protective, but in reality
oppressive, tariff laws; that emancipation itself
will be shorn of one of the principal benefits it
