1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&si-
should have conferred on the freedm&n, that of
enjoying the product of his labor and talents;
that the exemption of the Government securi-
ties, or any other species of productive property,
from its equitable proportion of the burdens
necessary for tile-maintenance of the Govern-
ment, is at best but legalized repudiation and
a step toward the establishment of a legal
aristocracy ; that if this chief of monopolies
be stricken down these and all other systems
of oppression will fall with it.
Money being necessary to facilitate the ex-
change of property, and the collection of the
revenue being indispensable to the maintenance
of the Government, it is not enough to show
that the present systems are wrong, but it be-
comes equally important to present a better
plan for the attainment of these ends, which I
will now proceed to do.
Having shown the true nature of money
and the functions it performs in the exchange
of property and the payment of debts, and
provided for the removal of the obstructions
in the way of its institution on true principles,
I come now to present what seems to be the
true American monetary system, and to point
out some of the more important advantages
that would result to the Government and wealth-
producing classes from its adoption. I will state
m ageneral way what is claimed for this system:
1. The circulating medium furnished by it will
be adapted to the genius of our democratic re-
publican institutions, in harmony with the let-
ter and spirit of the Constitution, and suited to
the wants of the Government and business
interests of the nation.
2. It will be under the direct control of the
sovereign people, who produce the values it is
designed to represent, measure, and exchange,
with the power vested m Congress to control-
its value, and consequenny its power over la-
bor and property, by regulating the rate of
interest in the Government'bonds into which
it is made convertible at the option of the
holder. With a just rate of interest estab-
lished on the Government bonds sufficiently
below the rate of increase in the national
wealth as to make a fair distribution of the
product of labor between non-producing capi-
tal and producing labor, laborers will receive'
an equitable proportion of their productions,
and capital will likewise receive a just reward
for its use.
3. It will be self-adjusting, for should money
at any time become scarce and the rate of
interest in legitimate transactions rise above
the rate paid on the Government securities
the bonds will be converted into money. On
the contrary, should it become too abundant
pnd the rate of interest fall below the rate paid
on the Government bonds, the money would
be converted into interest-bearing bonds to the
extent necessary to restore the proper equili-
brium; -thus preventing the high ana fluctuat-
ing rates of interest and the violent expansions
and contractions of the currency that have
been the cause of the monetary crises and com-
mercial revulsions which have heretofore so
frequently prostrated all branches of product-
ive industry and paralyzed legitimate enter-
prise, deranged the commercial operations of
the nation, lowered the standard of commer-
cial integrity, and made us little less than a
nation ot' gamblers. These revulsions are but
the protest of labor against demands it cannot
meet and burdens too grievous to be borne.
4. It will have equal legal powers, a uni-
form value, and perform all the functions of
money throughout the entire jurisdiction of
the Government.
5. It will discharge the national debt, inter-
est and principal, in twenty-four years without
the imposition of one farthing of taxes of any
kind or nature whatever -; and in addition there-
to it will relieve the wealth-producing classes
or tax-payers of an annual burden of over
$600,000,000, now unnecessarily imposed on
them by the present iniquitous system.
6. It will encourage and foster legitimate
enterprise and productive industry in all de-
partments of useful occupation more than all
the so-called protective tariff laws that have
ever been enacted. Under its operation com-
mercial transactions can be conducted on an
honorable and safe basis.
7. It will be simple in its workings, just in
its bearings on all classes and interests. Each
individual will have an interest in it propor-
tionate to the amount of the products of his
labor and talents, and a commensurate influ-
ence in its control. Requiring no aid from the
bankers and financiers for its establishment or
conduct, it will be emphatically the people's
plan.
If the fifth and sixth propositions can be
demonstrated, I think it will be admitted that
the first, second, third, fourth, and seventh,
must follow as a logical consequence.
I will, then, first exhibit the effects of its
practical workings in the payment of the na-
tional debt. In determining this question, it
becomes neeessary to fix upon the probable
amount of money required to make the ex-
changes and transact the business of the
nation.
It must be borne in mind that it will take a
much larger amount of money, in which all
would have the fullest confidence, than of the
miserable apology we have had, and always
must have, under any system of banking, in
the shape of bank notes or fallacious promises
to pay money, in which none ever had or ought
to liave confidence.
1. A much larger amount of this legal money
will be retained by farmers, mechanics, and
others to meet future obligations than of a bank
currency issued under any system.
2. Under this system, labor will receive a
better compensation, and most of the ordinary
business transactions would be for cash.
3. The intelligence and enterprise of the
people, our unbounded natural resources in
all that pertains to individual prosperity and
national independence, and the extent of ter-
ritory over which the money would circulate,
must create a demand for a larger amount of
circulation, per capita, than in any of the com-
mercial nations of Europe.
I have the authority of H. C. Carey, Esq.,
who is among our ablest political economists,
for saving that the c#c.ulation of England is
about twenty-five dollars per capita and that
of France over thirty dollars per capita.
I think it therefore safe to conclude that we
would require as much as forty dollars per
capita. The population of the United States
is at this time as much as thirty-six millions,
which, at forty dollars each, would require a
circulation of $1,440,000,000. Estimating the
national debt at $2,600,000,000, and deducting
the amount that would circulate as money and
bear no interest, would leave, as the interest-
bearing portion of the debt, $1,160,000,000.
I have already.shown that if agriculture be
taken as the basis of the national wealth, and
the division of products between landlord and
tenant adopted as the standard of distribution
betwe'en non-producing capital and labor, in
all other departments of legitimate business
the rate of- interest on money should be but
one and one ninth per cent, per annum. The
adoption of this rate at once might be thought
too violent a change from the present enor-
mous rate. I will therefore show the result
by computing the interest on the debt at the
two several rates of two and-a half and three
per cent, per annum. The former rate would
only give to the wealth-producing classes one
fourth of their surplus products, and the latter
but one tenth; ana it is the highest rate that
can be paid without taking from the industrial
classes the property they already possess.
In order that money maybe a true measure of
values and distribute productions to producers
equitably and uniformly it must be increased
in volume in a like ratio with the increase in
the population, wealth, and business of the
nation. I have shown that the increase in the
national wealth has averaged three and one
third per cent, per annum, and will estimate
the increase in the circulating medium at this
rate.
RESULT WITH INTEREST COMPUTED AT TWO AND A
BALF PEE CKKT.
According to the premises assumed the inter-
est-bearing portion of the national debt, after
deducting the amount that would circulate as
money, would be ยง1,160,000,000. Interest first
year $29,000,000; total principal and interest
at the end of the first year, $1,189,000,000.
Increase on $1,140,000,000 currency for first
year $48,000,000, which, deducted from the
total debt, would leave $1,141,000,000, the
interest on which for the second year would be
$28,525,000; total interest and principal at
the end of second year $1,169,525,000. Add
to the currency the increase for the first year,
and the amount will be $1,488,000,000; the
increase upon which for the second year would
be $49,600,000; this deducted from the amount
of the debt at the end of the second year would
leave to bear interest for the third year $1,119,-
925,000. Add to the currency the increase
for the second year, and the amount will be
$1,537,600. This operation continued will
in twenty-two years and eight months (very
nearly) absorb the entire interest-bearing debt,
and leave at the end of that period in circula-
tion $3,028,290,000 of currency, whicii will
bear the same proportion to the population,
wealth, and business of the nation that the
$1,440,000,000 does at the present time, and
to keep values uniform will always be wanted
for a circulating medium, and require to be
increased thereafter in a like ratio with the
increase in national wealth.
BESCW WITH INTEREST OS TSE NATIONAL DEBT COM-
PUTED AT THREE PBB CENT. FES ANNUM.
The increase in the currency will be the same
as in the former case. Interest on the debt for
first year, $34,800,000; total interest and prin-
cipal at the end of first year $1,194,800,000;
deduct the increase in the currency for first
year $48,000,000, will leave interest-bearing
debt at end of first year $1,146,800,000; in-
terest on this sum for second year $34,404,000;
total interest and principal of debt at the end
of second year $1,181,204,000; deduct increase
in currency for second year $49,600,000, leav-
ing the interest-bearing debt at the end of the
second year $1,131,604,000.
If this operation be continued as in the
former case, the interest-bearing debt will
be absorbed into the circulating medium of
the country in twenty-four years, (nearly,)
and will leave as the circulating medium
$8,101,243,000, at the end of that time,
which-will bear the same proportion to the pop-
ulation, wealth, and business of the nation that
$1,440,000,000 does at the present time; and
which, in order to maintain the proper rela-
tion of the currency to the population and busi-
ness, must be increased thereafter in a like
ratio with the increase in the national wealth.
This increase for the first year after the liqui-
dation of the debt would amount to $105,368, -
000, a sum sufficient to defray the" major part
of the ordinary current expenditures of the
Government.
Thus it is demonstrated that the national
debt, which under the present polieyis bearing
so heavily on the wealth-producing classes, and
which threatens to hang like an incubus on
them for generations to come, would by the
system presented in the bill at once cease to
be a charge, and would be liquidated without
the imposition of one farthing of tax in less
than a quarter of a century.
I come now to present some of the additional
advantages the adoption of this system would
confer on the wealth-producing classes or tax-
payers. I have estimated that these classes
were, under the present system, paying to non-
producing capital rent or interest on three fifths
of the national wealth or $12,000,000,000, and
that the rate of interest averaged as -much as
eight per cent, annually. If the- sj'stem here
proposed be adopted, the $2,000,000,000 would
cease to be a charge on the tax-payers,'and
must therefore be deducted from the $12,000,-
000,000 upon which the industrial classes are
now paying interest or rent, which would leave .
$9,400,000,000 upon which they would have to
