582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
pay interest or rent. Now, if this system, be
adopted, and the rate of interest on the Govern-
ment indebtedness be fixed at three per cent.,
the account betwocu non-producing capital and
productive industry would stand thus:
812,000;000,000 at 8 per cent ; $960,000,000
9,400,000,000 at 3 per cent...  282,000,000
Net annual saving to the tax-payers  678,000,000
With the rate of interest on the Govern-
ment bonds at two and a liali per cent.,
the result would he thus:
$12,000,000,000 at 8 per cent  960,000,000
9,400,000,000 at 2i per cent  235,000,000
Not annual saving to the industrial wealth-
producing class $725,000,000
With Jthe rate of interest at three per cent,
the daily saving would amount to $1,857,534,
and at two and a half per cent, it would be
$1,986,300. The smallest of these annual sav-
ings would, in a few years, build the necessary
furnaces, mills, and factories, to supply our
wants as well as to construct all needful lines
i>f transit. The wisdom of the policy of giving'
to labor all necessary protection in the develop-
ment of our natural resources to the extent, at
least, of supplying our own wants, is too mani-
fest to admit of argument. But I- think a
greater delusion never entered the mind of
man than that the effect of our so-called pro-
tective tariff laws is to encourage productive
industry and protect our labor against the pau-
per labor of Europe. Their effect is directly
the opposite. They protect our aristocratic
capital in the shape of fallacious bank promises
against the capital of Europe, support a shoddy
banking system, and build up a cotton and iron-
mill aristocracy, and burden and oppress the
wealth-producing classes.
The English Government securities bear
three per cent, interest per annum, and with
money instituted on true principles no sound
reason can be given why it should bear a higher
rate in the United States.
I have good authority for saying that with
capital at three percent., iron (an article of
prime necessity) can be manufactured for the
supply of the Northwest, at least from the ores
of Lake Superior, Wisconsin, and Missouri,
with the coals of Illinois. Chicago, St. Louis,
and intermediate points in the coal basin in the
valley of the Illinois river, without a fraction
of protection beyond that afforded by the cost
of transportation from Europe. And this I
believe will be found true in other localities as
well as other articles. boast of our inex-
haustible deposits of coal, iron, and other min-
erals, and their easiness of access; of our water-
power and other advantages and facilities for
manufacturing; and such indeed is the quality,
abundance, and accessibility of our ores and
coal that in the localities named it does not
require over two thirds of the labor to produce
a ton of iron that it does in England, where it
is manufactured from lean ores dug from thin
veins hundreds of feet below the earth's sur
face. Yet, with all these advantages we are
told that labor cannot be employed in this
important branch of industry, without increased
rates of protection.
The foregoing figures will, I think, explain
this anomaly. I think they also show very
clearly that the wrongs and oppressions which
the industrial classes are suffering are caused
by the unfair distribution of the productions
of labor between non-producing capital and
productive labor, resulting from the institution
of money with such power over labor and prop-
erty that even a prohibitory tariff could not
afford them any general, permanent relief, for
the reason that it would not reach and remove
the cause. But with money instituted upon
true principles and a just rate per cent, estab-
lished for its use, laborers would receive an
equitable proportion of their productions and
capital a just reward for its use. All branches
Of productive industry would be quickened;
capital would seek investment wherever there
was a reasonable prospect of a fair return for
its use. Instead of shipping the raw material
across the continent, and even across the ocean,
as we now do, manufactories of all kinds Would
be established wherever natural advantages
and facilities offer, and the producer and the
consumer brought side by side, and their ex-
changes made without the aid of middle men
and extortionate carriers. New and competing
lines of transit would be constructed wherever
there was a prospect for a fair return on the
investment. Thus the carrying monopolies,
which are literally robbing the producing
classes, would be destroyed.
The people could regulate the currency to
suit themselves, and so few would be the
articles needed, and so small the amount of
protection required, that no serious objeetioh
would ever be made to it by any section or
party. The vexed questions of the currency
and protection would be very nearly entirely
removed from our national councils, and th6
business of the nation would not, as under the
present system, be subject to the control of a
few avaricious bankers and the whims of some
Utopian financier who may chance to be called
to the Secretaryship of the Treasury of the
United States.
Here I propose to rest the argument, believ-
ing that sufficient has been presented to con-
vince the most strenuous advocate of protec-
tion that the adoption of the monetary system
proposed in the bill will do more to protect
labor, foster aud encourage productive indus-
try and legitimate enterprises in the develop-
ment of our natural resources than all the
protective tariff laws that ever have or can be
enacted ; that the present wrongly constituted
monetary system is the chief of monopolies,
and its overthrow will cause the downfall of all
railroad and other kindred monopolies.
I will now present and point out the fallacies
of some of the objections that may be made to
the proposed plan.
It may be objected that I have estimated the
amount of the circulating medium necessary to
make the exchanges of the property aud prod-
ucts of the nation too high. To this I reply,
the amount of currency needed by a nation is
in proportion to its production ; and as the
adoption of this system would take away the
occupation of the bankers, brokers, and spec-
ulators, they would be compelled to earn their
living by honest indu^y, which would add
them to the industrial classes, the direct effect
of which would be to increase production; and
the impetus given to enterprise by the estab-
lishment of a just rate of interest on money
would require a much larger amount per capita
than when, as under the present system, it is
controlled and doled out to the people by a
few selfish bankers. To this addition to the
wealth-producing classes must be added the
army of clerks, assessors, collectors, inspect-
ors, and other officers and agents employed
by. the Government in the collection of the
internal revenue; for under .the operation of
this system the Governmentexpenditures would
be so reduced that the funds necessary to de-
fray the current expenses could be collected
mainly from custom duties and the sale 6f the
public domain. Any deficit that might occur
could be assessed on the several States and
collected by them with the employment of but
little additional force beyond that required in
the collection of the revenue for State pur-
poses. Besides, the emancipation of labor
from the thraldom imposed by the present
false system, with the inducements offered by
our agricultural and mineral resources and
other advantages and facilities, would draw
from the old world thousands of skilled min-
ers, artisans, and others, which. I think, would
soon create a demand for a greater rather than
a less amount than I have estimated, and our
debt would be absorbed into the currency in a
snorter time than I have named.
It may, and probably will, be said that if
interest is reduced tc a just rate capitalists will
emigrate and take their capital with them. Sup-
pose all the bankers, usurers, and other drones,
who live upon the proceeds of the industrial
classes, should leave and take with them every
gold dollar and bank in the nation, it would
not injure the Government or wealth-producing
classes. The Government could, issue legal-
tender Treasury notes to make the necessary
exchanges of property and for the performance
of all the other functions.of money. Be it
remembered that these miscalled capitalists
cannot take with them the houses labor has
built, the furnaces and factories it has created,
the farms it has cleared, the mines it has opened,
the railroads and canals it has constructed, and
the other improvements it has made. Instead
of a calamity, their departure would prove a
positive blessing to the industrial classes, for
it would relieve them from the cost of their
maintenance.
It may be argued that if this system ip adopted
money will become so plenty that it will be
valueless. This argument has no foundation
in fact, for the money issued under it, being con-
vertible into Government stocks, bearing a just
rate of interest, will have a permanent and uni-
form value.
Again, it may be said that to lower the rate
of interest on money will raise the price of all
the products of labor, and consequently will
be oppressive to labor.
This argument is equally groundless; for if
the products of labor are high labor will be
high also. To keep down prices by raising the
rate of interest on money is simply to rob labor
for the benefit of capital. By raising the rate
of interest on money you increase the gains
of the capitalists and decrease the value of
labor.
Another and favorite objection that the
bankers and their allies will make to this or
any measure looking to the emancipation of
labor from the thraldom imposed upon it by
their false system is, that since money never
has been instituted on a just principle it never
can be. This is the argument used by kings
and despots to pro\® that they have a divine
right to rule, and that a democratic 6r 'repub-
lican Government is a trespass against divine
authority, and never will be permitted to stand
except for a brief period of time.
It has just as much force and reason in the
former case as in the latter.
To say that the people will not accept in
exchange for the products of their labor legal-
tender Treasury notes, issued as provided in
the bill, is to say that they will repudiate the
Government; and to say they have not the
intelligence and virtue necessary to properly
regulate the currency, under the provisions of
the bill, is to deny that they hare the capacity
for self-government.
I have shown, and I think clearly proven—
1. That the powers of money are legal and
entirely independent of its material—its powers
as money being derived from the law instituting
it and making it a legal tender; that the power
to make money and regulate its value is an
essential attribute of sovereignty; and that it
is the medium of distribution to non-producing
capital and producing labor, the rate of interest
determining what proportion of the products
of labor shall be awarded to laborers for their
productions and what to capital for its use.
2. That our present monetary system is
founded on the aristocratic idea of government,
and is inimical to and subversive of our demo-
cratic republican institutions. If continued in
operation the wealth must be rapidly centralized
in the hands of the few non-producers; the
wealth-producing classes oppressed, degraded,
and ultimately reduced to a state of positive
servitude, democracy prove a failure, and uni-
versal suffrage a sham.
3. That it has been demonstrated with equal
clearness that the monetary system contem-
plated by the bill is founded on the democratic
idea of government, adapted to the genius of
our free institutions, and in harmony with the
letter and spirit of the Constitution; that under
its operation labor would be properly compen-
sated, the wealth diffused and distributed ac-
cording to the labor or service performed in its
production, democracy maintained, and uni-
versal suffrage rendered a universal blessing.
Having pointed out and, as I believe, fully
sustairkea its superiority in all respects in an
