584
mm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
them from'paying or receiving interest on bank
balances; whieh- was referred to the Gommit-
tee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of manufac-
turers of cotton and wooienfabries,' praying for
certain modifications of the internal revenue
lawsby removing the five per cent, tax on
goods, the allowance of a drawback of three
cents per pound on cotton to be refunded to
the manufacturer, and the imposition of a tax
en all luxuries which are not produced iu the
United States; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
•Mr. WILSON presented three petitions of
officers of the Army and the Marine -corps of
the United Stated, praying for an increase of
their pay by restoring the commutation of the
Army ration to fifty cents; which were "referred
to-the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
_ Mr. EDMUNDS presented a petition of Wil-
liam Joslin, praying that'he may be remuner-
ated for certain United States bonds destroyed
by fire on the 10th of February, 1866; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OE COMMITTEES.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to frhom was recommitted the
bill (S. No. '452) to authorize the Secretary
of the Navy to accept League Island, in the
Delaware river, for naval purposes, and to
dispense with and dispose df the site of the
existing yard at Philadelphia, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. POLAND, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred theresolution
of the House of Representatives proposing an
additional joint rule for the appointment of
a joint Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, asked to be discharged. from its
further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on 'Public Buildings and
Grounds; which was 'agreed to.
Mr. LANE, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Kennedy O'Brien, late a private in company
K, fifth Indiana volunteers, praying for an
increase of pension, submitted a report ac-
companied by a bill (S. No. '513) for the
relief of Kennedy 0' Brien. The bill was read
and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Patrick Meehan,
of Decatur, Indiana, praying to be allowed a
pension, submitted a report accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 513) granting a pension to Patrick
Meehan. The bill was read and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Charles Appleton,
late of the United States Army, praying for an
increase of pension, submitted a report accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 514) for the relief of
Charles Appleton. The bill was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mrs. Ernestine
Becker, widow of Leopold Becker, late cap-
tain of company D, twenty-fourth regiment
Illinois infantry, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion, submitted a report accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 515) granting a pension to Mrs.
Ernestine Becker. The bill was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Jacob C. Went-
worth, of Somersworth, New Hampshire, pray-
ing that a pension may be granted him on
account of a disability incurred while a lands-
man on board the United States frigate Colo-
rado, submitted an adverse report, and asked
to be discharged from the further consideration
of the subject; which was agreed to.
MItS. MAllY K. FINNEY.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the petition of Mrs. Mary E. Finney, praying
to be allowed the three months' extra pay due
her late husband, Solon H. Finney, a lieuten-
ant in the sixth regiment Michigan cavalry,
to report a bill for her relief; and I ask that
the bill may be considered at this time and
put upon its passage, if there be no objection..
By unanimous consent the bill (S. No. 511.)
for the relief of Mrs. Mary E. Finney, widow
of first lieutenant Solon H. Finney, late of
the sixth regiment Michigan cavalry, was read
twice and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs the payment to her of -the
three months' extra pay proper which her hus-
band by law wonld have been entitled to receive
had he been mustered out of service after April
9, 1865, he having died of wounds received in
battle on the 9th of April, 1865.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time,
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 516) additional to an act granting lands to
aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from Lake Superior to Puget Sound,
on the Pacific coast, by the northern route;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a .bill (S.
No. 517) to reimburse S. B. Wallace and others
expenses incurred by them for the suppression
of Indian hostilities ; which was read twice by
its title, j.nd referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. STEWART. I desire also to present
certain vouchers and papers explanatory of
that bill, and,ask to have them referred.to the
same committee.
They were so referred.
COLORED SCHOOLS IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of
Columbia be instructed to inquire whether-or not the
corporation of Washington nas conformed to the
requirements of the several acts of Congress in rela-
tion to the support of colored school's in the cities of
Washington and Georgetown, District of Columbia;
and that said committeo be instructed to report the
facts, and recommend such action as may be deemed
necessary and proper; also, that said committee have
authority to call for persons and papers.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolutions, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 140) to restore Lieutenant
Joseph P. Fyffe to his grade in the active
service of jjie Navy ;
A bill (H. R. No. 710) to pay and discharge
certain debts and expenditures to the eorpouii-
tion of the city of Washington ;
A bill _(H. R. No. 848) for the relief of Rufus
C. Spalding, paymaster in the United States
Navy;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 175) to audit
and pay the claim of Tuller & Fisher; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 216) for the
restoration of Lieutenant Commander S. L.
Breese, United States Navy, to the active list
from the retired list.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (S. No. 311) for the relief of James Pool;
and it was thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore of the Senate.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the Senate
Sroceed to the consideration of Senate bill,
ro. 438.
Mr. WADE. I hope not. I hope we shall
proceed to the consideration of the unfinished
business of yesterday; that is, the bill to
authorize the extension of a branch of the
Baltimore and Potomac railroad into this
city. I suppose it will not take long to dis-
pose of it, and there is a reason why it should
be acted upon at once. It is the unfinished
business. I do not know what bill the Senator
proposes to call up; but there is a reason why
this one should be considered and disposed of.
Mr. HARRIS. I have a small bill that I
have been desirous of having action upon ail
this session, but still I will not press it against
the Senator's wishes.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to call up the
resolution that I offered yesterday, which is
merely asking for information, and have it
acted upon.
Mr. HARRIS. The bill that I have moved
to take up is a bill for the relief of the heirs of
John E. Bouligny. However, I will waive my
motion until the bill of the Senator from Ohio
is disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from New York is with-
drawn.
Mr. WADE. I move to proceed to the con-
sideration of the unfinished business of yester-
day.
"" The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business of yesterday is House bill No.
598, being the bankrupt bill. Senators in
favor of the motion to proceed to the consider-
ation of the unfinished business, being the bank-
rupt bill, will say " aythose opposed, "no."
The motion was agreed to.
The Secretary read the title of the bill >as fol-
lows : A bill to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States.
Mr. W ADE. I do not know how that bill
comes up in preference to this other bill;
but I will move to postpone all prior orders
and take up House bill No. 888. I do not
suppose it will take long to dispose of it.
Air. SHERMAN. I suppose the misappre-
hension grew out of my colleague moving to
take up the unfinished business of yesterday
instead of the unfinished business of yesterday's
morning hour.
Mr. WADE. The unfinished business of
the morning hour, as I understand, is the bill
which I have in my hand, House bill No. 388.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Ohio was, that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the
unfinished business of yesterday, and the Chair
put the motion. That bill is House bill No.
598, to establish a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy throughout the United States.
Mr. WADE. Then, if there is anything in
that point, I will move to amend the motion so
as to proceed to the consideration of the un-
finished business of the morning hour 6f yes-
terday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Both mo-
tions were in order.
Mr. POLAND. I shall not object to the
gentleman occupying the time until one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
888) to authorize the extension, construction,
and use of a lateral branch of the Baltimore
and Potomac railroad into and within the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. LANE. I understood that the unfin-
ished business of the morning hour was the
bill in regard to the appointment of pension
agents. The morning hour certainly expired
when we were about to vote upon that bill.
Mr. WADE. The gentleman is mistaken.
This bill was up last in the morning hour.
Mr. LANE. The morning hour expired
when we were upon that pension bill according
to my recollection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio names this bill House bill No.
388, and the Chair states the question to
Senate as being the motion to take up this bill.
Whether it be the unfinished business of the
morning hour or not, the Senator from Ohio
