imr.
THE (DON&RISSKMAL GLOBS;
m&-
makes the motion that the Senate proceed to
its consideration. The motion is in-order.
Mr. POLAND. I shouljl like "to inquire
whether if this motion prevails and this bill is
now taken up, it will interfere with the regular
order at one o'clock, the unfinished'business of
yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business will come up under the rule
at one o'clock.
Mr. POLAND. I have no objection, then.
BALTIMORE AND POTOMAC RAILROAD.
The motion of Mr. Wade was agreed to; and
the''Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 388) to authorize the extension, construc-
tion, and use of a lateral branch of the Balti-
morie and Potomac railroad into and within
the District of Columbia.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I have
not looked at the charter of this company
granted by Maryland. I do not know ib#.t I
ever saw it; if I did I certainly have not re-
freshed my recollection of its character lately;
but I have been advised by some members
of the Legislature that that charter was not
intended to authorize the company incorporated
under it to come into the District of Columbia
at all. The purpose of the charter, as stated
to m'ft, was "to give the company merely the
power to make a road through the peninsula
of Maryland, so as to connect with the southern
route through Virginia, at Aquia creek or
some adjoining place. The subject is now, I
am, told, under deliberation in the Legislature
of Maryland.
Personally I have certainly no objection
to grant every facility to enterprises of this
description, particularly such as may benefit
the regions of country of my own State through
which the particular road will pass; but under
the circumstances I submit to the honorable
member from Ohio whether it will not be
advisable to let the bill upon the table remain
unacted upon until Maryland shall have acted
upon the question of the charter Which she has
heretofore granted; for this bill, if we shall pass
it. will be inoperative entirely, provided it shall
turn out that the company which it authorizes
to come into the District of Columbia, after
striking the line which divides the District of
Columbia from Maryland, has no authority to
come up to that line. The. bill does not pro-
pose, and I suppose the Senate would not
authorize such a" step if it was projected, to
make the road throughout any portion of the
Maryland territory.
Now, I repeat in the hearing of my friend
from Ohio that I have not seen the charter of
the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Com-
pany, and in what I have said therefore I am
acting upon the information which I have re-
ceived from some members of the Legislature.
Whether that information is well founded, I
of course am not prepared to say. I should
prefer, if the honorable member has no objec-
tion to it, that the matter should be postponed
until Maryland shall have had an opportunity of
being heard through her Legislature, or at any
rate until I shall have an opportunity of look-
ing at the charter. Maryland has an interest
which may in her judgment render it improper
to authorize this particular improvement. She
has a very large interest as a stockholder in
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company,
the main road: she has I believe an interest
as a stockholder in the Washington Branch ;
but she has a deeper jnterest in the branch
road, because she is entitled to a certain pro-
portion <}f the passage money which that road
may earn. If she refuses to authorize this
company to come to fee line of the District
of Columbia, she may Be goyerned by the
opinion that'it would verymutih interfere with
the interest which she has hi- -the two roads
which I have mentioned.
The receipts iut,p the Maryland f*e'asurylVom
the main stem of the Baltimore and Ohio road
as a stockholder and from the branch ataoupt
to some two hundred and fifty or three hun-
dred thousand dollars, I forget the exaet
amount, but it is very considerable; 'and in the
present state of her finances it is a matter of
moment to her that she should not lose any
portion of that revenue; and it may be that,
however valuable this improvement shall turn
out to be to the section through which it passes
or to the country generally, she may not think
th ip the time to authorize it if it has not been
already authorized. If it has been authorized
by the charter which she has passed, as the
company has organized itself under that char-
ter I believe, there will be then as between
Maryland and the company a contract which
no legislation upon her part could in any way
affeet; but whether that be the ease or not is,
as I am told, a subject under consideration in
the Legislature now in session.
And in closing I merely repeat what I have
said, that upon every ground of former associ-
ation as well as of present association, speak-,
ing now only as a citizen of Maryland, I should
rejoice in seeing the people of that part of the
State who are to be benefited by this road
receive that benefit if it can be done consist-1
ent'ly with the interests of the entire State. I
Sm not prepared to say whether that can be
accomplished or not. If therefore my friend
will permit the bill to lie on the table for a day
or two, I shall offer no opposition to it unless
I receive something in the nature of instruc-
tion, which in a case like this perhaps might
govern me, although perhaps as instructions
merely I should never be governed by the opin-
ion of the Legislature. Except upon that
contingency I shall offer no objection to the
passage of this bill. I have always thought
that the more those improvements are multi-
plied to any reasonable extent the better it is
for the whole country.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, this question
has been long pending before Congress. I be-
lieve that during most of the long session last
year it was pending before the Committee on
the District of Columbia. The various inter-
ests concerned were heard before that com-
mittee on several occasions, and I believe that
everything that can be said on the subject pro
and con was said to the committee. The bill
has been greatly delayed, and there are reasons
why it should be passed upon as expeditiously
as possible. There was a dispute before the
committee, as is very natural in such cases.
Those that represent and are interested in the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company of
course do not wish to have another branch
road, coming in competition with theirs, enter
the city of Washington.
In 1853 the Legislature of Maryland granted
a charter to this company to construct a rail-
road from Baltimore to some point on the Poto-
mac river not far from Port xobacco, but not
defining exactly where it should run, and only
prescribing the route in a general way; and
they authorized that company to establish lat-
eral branches of the road thus provided for,
and gave them four years within which to com-
mence and finish the road. The company did
not commence the road within the time men-
tioned, and then the Legislature of Maryland
granted them a further term of four years. Still
the road was not constructed, and the Legisla-
ture lengthened out the time until 1869, and
gave them until that period to establish this
road with these lateral branches.
That is what the Legislature of Maryland
has done upon the subject. I have before me
the act granting the charter and authorizing
the company to build the road and the other
acts bv-which the time has been lengthened
out, and how it can be said that there can be
any question before the Maryland Legislature
in regard to this road at this time I can hardly
see, because not less than twice after granting
the-charter, after full deliberation; the Legis-
lature have continued the rights of->this com-
pany and for the best of all reasons. They
were to construct a railroad front Baltimore to
the Potomac river for the purpose of connect-
ing with tind continuing the great southern line
of travel and communication. Then the Legis-
lature gave the company the right to establish
lateral branches, net saying where they should
ran.- Of course they wanted to run a branch
into this city. I suppose the line of the main
railroad of this company will pass not-fer from
the town of Marlboro", in Pririce George's
county, and they propose, I believe, !to run a
branch from somewhere there into the city;
and the only question before Congress now is
whether we Shall authorize the company to
bring their branch into the District of Colum-
bia and into the city of Washington; and if
anybody can show me & reason why we should
not do it he will do more than in my judgment
has yet been shown.
We have now but one railroad entering into
this city, and it is a monopoly without a rival.
I do not say that that company do not-wse their
privileges reasonably. I am not going to con-
tend now about that, although a good deal Of
eomplaint has been made that they do exact
unreasonable tolls on those who come over their
road; bat at all events the public will not suffer
if a railroad should be made in some measure
in competition with it. I am sure the citizens
of this District and the public generally will lose
nothing by opening communication from that
very garden of Maryland into this city by which
marketing can be brought in here much cheaper
than in other ways.
I do not- propose at this time to prolong the
argument, because I see no reason why any
gentleman should be opposed to permitting'®
railroad company, having their charter from
Maryland to run in that State, to haye tbe:priv-
ilege of bringing a branch Of their road into
this city ; and that is the only question here.
It is said that the Legislature of Maryland
are acting upon some question about it. I
understand that the corporation have entered
upon the construction of this road within -the
time limited in the charter and the acts of the
Legislature giving further time, and with three
or four years to spare they are now working on
the road; so that what the'Legislature of Mary-
land can do in that behalf I am not able to see.
I know the right of the company is strenu-
ously contended against, and it is natural
enough that it should be, for undoubtedly'it is
somewhat opposed to the interests of those
who hold the monopoly of the other road ; and
that is all there is in the case. Shall the people
of this District and the public at large give up
their interest to this private incorporation; or
shall we, for the public interest, permit another
road to come inliere 1 Unless somebody can
suggest some reason why it should not be done,
I will not prolong the argument on the subject,
but hope that every gentleman will see that the
interests of the public and of this District re-
quire that this corporation should be authorized
to construct this road.
Mr. JOHNSON. My friend from Ohio did
not understand me correctly if -he supposed
that I disputed the validity of the charter of
the Baltimore and Potomac Company. The
State had, of course, the power to charter that
company, and although she exacted from them
an obligation to begin and complete the road
within a certain time it was for her to say
whether she would enforce that obligation.
She has extended the time very properly ; but
that is not the difficulty as I understand. It
is true that the charter gives, as I am told and
as my friend from Ohio states, to the company
the right to make lateral roads; but the opin-
ion entertained in Maryland is, as I understand,
that that was not intended to authorize the
company to come to the District of Columbia
so as to enable the company to construct a
road nearly parallel with, and therefore antag-
onistic to the present road from the city Cff
Baltimore to the city of Washington. Whether
that is the construction of the cha^tef, «r
whether it is what Maryland intended but lias
failed to provide for, I am not prepared- to say.
All that I suggested was ihat-fthat impression
prevailed and that the subject is noW under*
consideration in* the Legislature.
But I will state to the honorable member
from Ohio and to the Senate, what I think will
