1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
587
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 216) for the
restoration of Lieutenant Commander S. L.
Breeze, of the United States Navy, to the ae-
tf.ve list from the retired list—to the Committee
on Naval Affairs. ^
BANKRUPT BILL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finislrel business of yesterday is the bill (H.
R. No. 598) to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughoutthe United States, which
is now- before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole. It will be read. '
The Secretary read the bill at length.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary was in section three,
line two, to strike out the word " circuit" and
insert " districtso as to read:
That it shall be the duty of the judges of the district
courts of the United States within and for the several
districts, &c.
Mr. GRIMES. I beg to inquire of the Sen-
ator who has charge of this bill why it is pro-
posed to take this power away from the circuit
judges and to confer it upon the district judges.
Mr. POLAND. Perhaps, Mr. President, I
ought to say in the outset in reference to this
bankrupt bill that it is one which originated in
the House of Representatives, and one for
which I am in. no particular way responsible;
it was in consequence of some peculiar circum-
stances that the bill fell in my charge in the
Senate; and therefore I can hardly be called
upon to give all the reasons in reference to why
it is drawn in the particular way that it is, as
if I had been the author of the bill. But in
teference to this amendment I can state the
reasons that actuated the committee in propo-
sing it.
The bill provides that there shall be certain
officers called registers appointed, one at least
in each congressional district throughout the
country. The duty of these officers is merely
ministerial and clerical. They have no judicial
duty whatever to perform. They are to go
around and perform clerical and ministerial
duty, gathering the proof of debts, settling the
estates of bankrupts. It is important that the
appointing power of those officers should be
given to somebody who has the means of know-
ing who are the proper men to appoint, and
who will be likely to appoint suitable, good
men for that purpose. The bill as it was orig-
inally drawn provided that these appointments
should be made by the judges of the circuit
court; it was amended, and as it passed the
House of Representatives it provided that the
appointment should be made by the judges of
the several circuit courts upon the nomination
of the Chief Justice of the united States. Sub-
stantially it gave the appointment of these
local officers, comparatively insignificant offi-
cers, throughout the entire country to the
Chief Justice of the United States. The Chief
Justice of the United States I regard as a very
excellent man and a very suitable man to per-
form the duties that properly pertain to the
office of Chief Justice of the United States;
but it seemed to the committee that this was a
very unsuitable provision for the appointment
of these local officers about over the whole
country. The Chief Justice of the United
States of course could have no personal knowl-
edge in relation to the class of men from whom
these officers are to be selected, except in the
Earticular portion of the country where he may
ave himself resided. If the duties that were
to be performed by this class of officers were
such that eminent legal men would be required,
if that was the class of men from whom these
appointments were to be made, then they
might perhaps be made properly by the Chief
Justice of the United States; but lawyers who
are eminent in their profession, men of high
legal attainments, high legal credit, are not the
class of men who could accept or would accept
these appointments. They are to be made
from respectable men, but a lower class of
lawyers as to professional standing. The com-
mittee thought that the proper {>lace to deposit
this power of appointment was in the district
judges, who, of course, know the entire bar
within their district.
The same objection would obtain although
in Iocs degree to having the circuit judge have
anything to do with the appointment. Take
the circuit in which I live; our circuit is com-
posed of the three districts in the State of New
York, the district of Vermont, and the district
of Connecticut. Mr. Justice Nelson is the
circuit judge. It is a very rare thing that he
comes to the State of Vermont at all to hold a
circuit court. But very few times for several
years has the circuit court been held by the cir-
cuit judge of that circuit; he knows nothing in
relation to the bar of Vermont except a very
few of the leading lawyers, men who would not
be selected at all to perform this office and
duty of register, while the district judge, who
is a resident of the State and always has been,
knows the entire bar of the State who would
be suitable and proper men ; and in my judg-
ment, and that I believe was the unanimous
judgment of the committee, the appointment
of these officers we regard as altogether better
and safer to be given to the district judge who
personally knows all that class of men from
whom the selections are to be made, rather
than to give it to perhaps a more eminent man
who knows nothing at all on that subject.
The question being put on the amendment,
a division was called for.
Mr. HOWE. If there is to be a division I
shall vote against this amendment proposed by
the committee. It seems to me the ground
upon which it is urged is a mistaken one, and
will be found so practically. I do not think,
let those appointments be made by either the
district or the circuit judge or the Chief Jus-
tice of the Supreme Court, he will ever be
guided by what he knows personally of the
fitness or unfitness of his appointees; he will
be guided by the opinions of the bar practi-
cing in his court, let who will make the appoint-
ment.
Mr. POLAND. Then what difference does
it make who appoints them ?
Mr. HOWE. It does make a decided differ-
ence who appoints them in some States. There
is no more reason either why the judge should
personally know the individual to be appointed
than there is why the President of the United
States should know the individuals whom he
is called upon to appoint. I think the circuit
judge can be trusted with the selection of
these officers, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the bar of his circuit; and it seems to
me to be a reflection upon the character of
the circuit judges that they should be stricken
out of the bill, and the district judges substi-
tuted in their place; I shall therefore vote
against the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not prepared, to say
that the proposition in the bill which comes
from the House of Representatives is the wisest
that could be deviled. I do not pretend to say
that it would be expedient to let in the last
instance all these appointments be made by the
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court; but what
I would like to get, if I could, would be an
opportunity to vote in favor of conferring this
power on the circuit judges of the respective
circuits, instead of conferring it upon the local
district judges.
In the .first place, it seems to me that is
where it ought to be lodged from various con-
siderations, and I have heard no reason as-
signed by the Senator from Vermont why it
should not be lodged there except that it is
presumed that the district judges are better
informed of the personal and professional qual-
ifications of the people within their districts than
the members of the Supreme Court are when
performing circuit duty; and he illustrates it
by reference to the case of his own particular
State. That is not the case generally I, think.
I think that as ageneral thing the circuit judges,
certainly in the northwestern country, perform
all the duties imposed upon them by the laws
of the United States and hold their respective
circuit courts; and I apprehend that they are
almost, if not quite, as familiar with the per-
sonal characteristics and qualifications of the
the judges of the district courts are. I shall
therefore vote against this amendment, and if
it does not carry, I hope we shall so frame the
section as to confer the power upon the circuit
judges entirely.
Mr. WILLIAMS. My vote on this amend-
ment reported by the committee would be iar
fluenced by the action the Senate may take,on
the other amendment which is to follow it, if I
could know what that action would be. I
think it is not very important whether these
appointments are made by the circuit or the
district judges if they are made upon the
nomination or recommendation of the Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States. I believe that that clause of the , sec-
tion ought to be retained. I think that under
existing circumstances the amendment which
has been recommended by the committee to
strike out that clause ought not to he adopted;
and if that clause which the committee move
to strike out is retained in the bill, I do not
care whether the district or circuit judges make
the appointments. If that clause be retained,
I have nothing further to say; but I have some
choice, so far as my State is concerned, be-
tween the district and circuit judges in the
making of these appointments.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say that that
would entirely satisfy me and those few gentle-
men who think as I do upon this subject. I
am perfectly content that the word " circuit"
should be stricken out and the word "district"
inserted in its place, provided the other clause
is retained which the committee have-proposed
to strike out.
Mr. POLAND. It would not make much
difference how this was arranged if that was
left in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose, Mr. Pres-
ident we may just as well speak out and let
everybody understand what all this means.
The provision as it now stands in the House
bill, I take it, was a sort of compromise on
this question between the circuit and district
judges. In some of the districts, district
judges have been recently appointed who are
Republicans, of the prevailing party of the
present time ; but in many of the districts they
are otherwise, being judges who were appointed
in former times; but owing to the change of
circuits the circuit judges in some of those
districts are of a different political faith.
Now, the contest seems to be who shall have
these little registerships, whether they shall
all go to the dominant party or whether they
shall not. Those in favor of having the ap-
pointments given to the district judges I sup-
pose are those residing in districts where the
district judges are of their way of thinking,
and those who want to give them to the cir-
cuit judges are those residing in districts where
the circuit and not the district judges are of
their way of thinking. Thus arises a c ontro-
Versy over a very small matter.
I shall vote for the amendment, not particu-
larly because it would suit my case exactly, for
I do not think it of consequence enough one
way or the other, (though I have no objection
to having the section stand as it is by way of
compromise if a difficulty is to be made about
it.) but I shall vote for it for this simple rea-
son : this bill places about all the power with
reference to bankruptcy in the hands of the
district judge. He is the judge of the court of
bankruptcy ; he does the business ; he super-
vises the_ whole matter. These registers are
under his direction, operate with him and
under him. If I read the bill rightly, the cir-
cuit j udge has substantially only appellate juris-
diction in cases to be submitted to him on a
bill in equity or otherwise.
The whole principle on which our small
judiciary appointments have been conducted
heretofore is that the judges of the courts who
do the business should have the appointment
of the inferior officers. It is proper that a
judge should liave in his court such persons as
