mm dei^GKEgsTOFAL ■GLOBE
January 19,
are satisfactory fo ttiim afid iri harmony with
Kirn; and I should be in favor of adhering to
that principle. I am not so much afraid of
these matters, however, because it is true in
regard to judges as in regard1 to other people
tfcat'ttfgy;sometimes die. They Ho not always
di-esOOn enough, perhaps, but their time comes
at last, and there may be a change,; and in the
Course of a few years the change may be di-
rectly the other 'from' 'what some gentle-
men apprehend. %e cannot tell what will
happen in relation to the districts. But in
framinga bill of this kind I think it should be
framed upon some sort of principle, and not
be -constructed with particular reference to who
>S:to appoint half a dozen registers in a State
for 'a' court of bankruptcy, who may be turned
out when their time comes or when the judge
is,changed. I have noticed, however, as a
general rule, that judges, after they get safely
on the bench in a position which they hold for
life, do not trouble themselves mueh about
these small matters. They are very apt rather
to be .disposed to make friends with the bar,
and make such appointments as will be satis-
factory to the bar in the different parts of their
district. They become in a measure conserva-
tive and do not trouble themselves so much
about these small appointments. I think this
rule applies just as well to the district judges
who may happen to be Democrats at the present
time as it does to the circuit judges who may
happen to be Democrats. I do not think either
of them regards this as a very material matter,
and. that all of them will be more anxious to
get good men, good officers who will make the
discharge of their own duties easy, quiet, and
comfortable, than they will-be to get particular
partisans of anybody. I think that applies
pretty much to all of them, and arises from the
nature of the office they hold.
Therefore if one or the other is to be selected
I stall vote in favor of selecting the district
judges, because they are the head of the bank-
ruptcy court; bat if itis to make a controversy,
perhaps the better way would be to stick to the
compromise which seems to have been agreed
upon in the House of Representatives, and that
is to' provide that the registers. shall be ap-
pointed on the nomination of the Chief Justice.
I-sup'pose that would work, because he would
be instructed as to the right men who should be
appointed in the different States by the cir-
cuit and district judges. They would probably
agree in sueh a case upon who should be the
registers, and submit the names to the Chief
Justice, and he would-nominate.
• There is another reason why, if the appoint-
ment is to be given either to the district or the
circuit judge, it should rather belong to the
district judge. The circuit judge may know as
much about the bar in the State in which he
resides as the district judge; but where' there
are half a dozen States in the circuit, some of
those States having two district judges, he cer-
tainly cannot be so well acquainted with the
qualifications of the men and the right kind of
men to appoint as the district judge of the par-
ticular district. Take, for instance, the first cir-
cuit, which includes the States of Maine, Mas-
sachusetts, Rhode Island, and New Hampshire.
-I dare Say the circuit judge would appoint in
the State of Maine perhaps as judiciously as
the district judge; but I do not think he could
appoint as judiciously in the other States where
he does not reside and where he only goes
occasionally to hold the eircuit court. For that
reason, also, I think it should belong to the dis-
trict rather than the circuit judges. But if there
is to be any contest to see whether it shall be
according to the prevailing politics of the cir-
cuit'judges-at the West or the district judges
at the East, I think we had better compromise
ttn that important matter-and have it fixed
accordingly.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I rise to try and
express my sense of obligation to the Senator
from Maine for having stated the actual reasons
which control my vote on this amendment. I
Should have stated them myself if I had felt at
•liberty to introduce political topics into the
Senate; but after the voting we have had for a
few days past I did not feel authorized to in-
dulge in any such line of argument: But it is
true, as is very frankly and considerately stated
by the Senator from Maine, that there happens
to be a judge presiding in the circuit in which
I live Who, at the last dates, was a Republican;
and it is true that there happens to be presiding
in the district ajudge who, both at the last and
the earliest dates which I have ever consulted,
was not a Republican; and I did not like, under
those-circumstances, to agree to an amendment
which proposed to strike out the circuit judge
and put in the district judge. As I said before,
I should have stated that reason in the outset
if I had not felt hereafter called upon to go
to some church for political discussions, and
leawe the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I hear for
the firsttime that party considerations enter into
this provision of the bill. Certainly, ifl am per-
mitted to -refer to the deliberations of the com-
mittee, I Can say that no such considerations
influenced them, and I speak with positive cer-
tainty that no such influenced me then or can
influence me ever in relation to appointments
of this description. I did not know, therefore,
that it was supposed, or that the fact was so,
that the bill as it eame from the Honse in this
respect was the result of a compromise—a
compromise founded upon some doubt as to
the integrity or the ability or the party fealty
of the judges of the circuit or district courts,
and a greater confidence in the integrity and
party fealty of the Chief Justice of the United
States. But I suppose that that is one of the
"existing circumstances" to which my friend
from Oregon adverted.
Now, sir, in concurring with the committee
in rejecting that part of the bill, as it came
from the House, which required the appoint-
ments to be made upon the nomination of the
Chief Justice, I was governed solely by this
consideration: I thought it altogether unfit for
that officer. I have no doubt whatever that
he would, if the law should pass in that form,
discharge the duty which would be imposed
upon him with perfect integrity and with per-
fect fairness ; but I do not think that the Chief
Justice of the United States should be required
to appoint inferior officers, scattered all over
the Union. I should just as soon think of
devolving upon him ..he duty of appointing the
messengers of the courts or the clerks of the
courts throughout the Union. As Chief Jus-
tice of the United States his duties should be
confined in my opinion—and I am sure he
would wish to have them so confined—to the
high matters of constitutional law which are
often brought before that tribunal, and to the
legal questions, other than constitutional ones,
which arise in disputes between parties whose
cases are brought into that forum. And if
this provision be retained I should consider it
a degradation of the office—J have no fear that
it will be so degraded by him—if in making
these appointments he should be governed by
any such party considerations. To be so gov-
erned is to make him a party man in the
strongest sense in which that term can be used.
It tends, however, he may incline against that
tendency, to make him hold uneven the bal-
ance of justice : and it does what is quite as
pernicious ; it will create a belief in the mind
of the country that the administration of that
high office is more or less to depend upon
party considerations.
I agreed substantially for the reasons stated
by the honorable member from Vermont, that
it was better to leave the appointment to the
district judges; but in doing so, and in agree-
ing to change the bill as it came from the House
in that particular, I certainly had no idea of
reflecting upon the circuit judges of the Uni-
ted States. I did not understand my friend
from Iowa as stating that that was the purpose
of the committee. I understood him merely
as saying that it might be so construed. It
was very far from my purpose, and I am equally
certain it was entirely foreign to any purpose
of any member of the committee. 1 have com-
paratively little choice—I have a choice, as I
have stated—-whether the appointments are sub-
mitted to the district judges or to the circuit
judges; but I have an insuperable objection to
requiring the appointments to depend upon the
nomination of the Chief Justice of the United
States, both because I think it is an unfit duty
to impose upon him, and which, I presume, he
would be very unwilling to have imposed upon
him, and because I believe that the reason for
imposing it upon him which, if the bill should
pass in that form, will be considered to' be the
reason for imposing it upon him, is calculated
very materially to diminish the influence which
he ought to have in the judgment of all the
country—not of a party, but of all.
However great may have been the perils
through which we have passed or are now
passing owing to sectional differences giving
rise to party politics, I believe as I believe in
my existence that the Supreme Cotfrt of the
United States has never lent itself to any such
considerations in the least particular. If there
be a tribunal in the world, in the past or in
the present, which discharges its high judicial
functions from a pure sense of what the laws
and the Constitution of their country require,
I believe it to be the present tribunal and the
past tribunal of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States. Errors of judgment I think they
have fallen into ; errors upon questions of con-
stitutional law I think they have fallen into;
but that is inseparable from the fact that they
are at last but men; but that any such errors,
if errors they be, have been brought about by
any such motive as that to which I have al-
luded I do not believe ; and if I could believe
it, or should be brought in the future to believe
it, I should Conclude that the destinies of our
country are not to be what we should all hope.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say to the Sen-
ator from Maryland that I believe I did not
attribute any motive whatever to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary in proposing this amend-
ment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understood that.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. President, I desire to
say a word more in reference to this matter of
appointments. I do not regard it as of the
very greatest consequence that the amendment
which the committee have proposed to this sec-
tion should be adopted, but it certainly seems
to me that there would be more likelihood,
more probability of our having the proper men
appointed to fill these places if they are ap-
pointed by the district judge than in any other
way.
These officers arc perhaps about as impor-
tant in rank as deputy sheriffs, and it certainly
seems to me to be very small business to be
belittling the office of the Chief Justice of the
United States to set him to appointing deputy
sheriffs or officers of that rank all over the
United States. It has usually been permitted
to the judges of every court to appoint their
own officers. These "registers are officers of
the district court. They are even officers of
the circuit court. Their duty is to aid in the
administration of this jurisdiction that we are
creatingand conferring upon the district courts.
I do not know personally every district judge
in the United States, but I doubt very much
whether there is one who will be governed in
the selection of these men by any other motive
than that of having the business properly con-
ducted.
I had supposed, when I was fortunate enough
to get this bill before the Senate for considera-
tion, that this talk and scramble about appoint-
ments and about offices would be laid aside for
one day at least, that we should not hear it in
any discussion upon this bill; but it has come
forward. Now, sir, in my own State we have
a district judge, who was appointed while
the Democratic party held power in this coun-
try. He was a Democrat, and a prominent
Democrat: a man who stood at the head of
the political organization of the Democratic
party. He was chairmau of the national com-
mittee of that party for some years, a promi-
nent and active politician. .The State is per-
