1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 42, not vot-
ing GO; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Atfiell, James M. Ashley,
Baker, B^aman, Bergen, Bmgham^BromwclI, Broom-
all, Buckland. Campbell, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cooper, Cullom, Dawson, Dcfrees, Delano,
Dcnison, Donnelly, Eggleston, Eldridge, Ferry,Finck,
Glossbrermer, Grinnelh Abner C. Harding, Hawkins,
Hayes, Higby, Demas Hubbard, Ilulburd, Julian,
Kelley, William Lawrence, Le Blond, Leftwich,
Lynch, Marshall, McCullough, Mclndoe, McKee,
Mcltuer, Morris, Moulton, Niblack, O'Neill, Paine,
Patterson, Perham, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Price,
Samuel J. Randall, John H. Rice, Ritter, Ross,
Sawyer, Shellabarger, Sloan, Starr, Stokes, Taber,
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Thayer, Pran-
cis Thomas, Joiin L.. Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge,
Yan Aernam, Burt Yan Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
Andrew H. Ward, "Welkor, Williams, James P. Wil-
son, and Wrisht—-79.
NAYS—-Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Delos R. Ashley,
Banks-, Baxter, Bidwell, Boulwel!, Brandegee, Cook,
Darling, Davis, Dawes, Dodge, Eliot, Hise, Hooper,
John 1L Hubbard, Laflin, Loan, Longyear, Marvin,
McClurg, Miller, Moorhead, Myers, Newell, Orth,
Pomcroy, Raymond, Alexander II. Rice, Rollins,
Scofiekl, Sitgroaves. Spalding, Stevens, Upson, War-
ner, William B. "Washburn, Wentworth, Whalcy,
Stephen P. Wilson, and Woodbridge—42.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Baldwin,
Barker, Benjamin, Blaine, Blow, Boyer, Bundy,
Cbanler, Cobb, Conkling, Culver, Deming, Dixon,
Driggs. Durnont, Eckley, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Gar-
field, Goodvear, Griswold.Hale, Aaron Harding, Har-
ris, Hart. Henderson, Hill, Hogan, Holmes, Hotch-
kiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Edwin
N. Hubbell, James R. llubbell, Humphrey, Hunter,
Ingcrsoll, Jcnckes, Jones, Kasson, Kelso, Kerr,
Ketcham, Koontz, Kuykendall, Latham, George Y.
Lawrence, Ma rston, Maynard, Mercur, Morrill, Nich-
olson, Noell, Radford, William H. Randall, Rogers,
Rousseau, Schcnck, Shanklin. Stilwell, Strouse,
Thornton, Hamilton Ward, Elihu B. Washburne,
Henry D. Washburn, Windom, and Winfield—69.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Mr. FARQUHAR said: If I had been pres-
ent in time, I should have voted against laying
the motion to reconsider on the table.
suffering people of tiie south.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce for action at this time a joint resolu-
tion, which I send to the Clerk's desk to be
read.
The joint resolution was read. It directs the
Secretary of the Navy, upon the application of
the contributors, to assign a public vessel for
the transportation to Charleston, Savannah,
and Mobile of any supplies of food or clothing
■which may be contributed by the people of the
United States for the use of any portion of the
people of the southern States who may be suf-
fering from the failure of crops or from other
causes, under such regulations as the Secretary
of the Navy may prescribe.
No objection was made.
The joint resolution was received, read a first
and second time, ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. BLAINE. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. When the House went
into Committee of the Whole this afternoon, it
was engaged in executing the order of the
House to proceed to business upon the Speak-
er's table. The regular order of business is
the completion of the execution of that order
of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union upon the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
army appropriation bill.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Raymond in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill of the House No. 1126, making
appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending June 30, 1868, and for
other purposes.
The pending question was upon the motion
of Mr. Le Bloxd to strike out the following:
Sec. 2, And be it further enacted, That the head-
quarters of the General of the Army of the United
States shall be at the city of Washington, and all
orders and instructions relating to military opera-
tions issued by the President or Secretary of War
shall be issued through the General of the Array, and,
in ease of his inability, by the next in rank. The
General of the Army shall not be removed, suspended,
or relieved from command, or assigned to duty else-
where than at said headquarters, without the pre-
vious approval of the Senate; and any orders or
instructions relating to military operations issued
contrary to the requirements of this section shall be
null and void; and any officer who shall issue orders or
instructions contrary to the provisions of this section
shall bo deemed guilty of a misdemeanor in office;
and any officer of the Army who shall transmit, con-
vey, or obey any orders or instructions so issued con-
trary to the provisions of this section, knowing that
such orders were so issued, shall bo liable to impris-
onment for not less than two nor more than twenty
years, upon conviction thereof in any court of com-
petent jurisdiction.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
was in session this afternoon, just before the
recess, the question was taken upon the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Le Bloxd,]
and no quorum voted.
Mr. LE BLOND. I now withdraw my
motion to strike out the second section of this
bill, and I wish to state to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs,] who has charge
of this bill, that I desire to have a separate vote
taken in the House upon this section and also
upon the following portion of the first section :
Bureau of Refugees, Freedmcn, and Abandoned
Lands:
For salaries of assistant commissioners, sub-assist-
ant, commissioners and agents, $147,500.
For salaries of clerks, 382,800.
For stationery and printing, 863,000.
For quarters and fuel, $200,000.
For commissary stores, $1,500,000.
For medical department, $500,000.
For transportation, $800,000.
For school superintendents, $25,000.
For buildings for schools and asylums, including
construction, rental, and repairs, $500,000.
For telegraphing and postage, $18,000.
Provided, The Commissioner be hereby authorized
to apply any balance on hand at this date of the ref-
ugees and freedmen's fund, accounted for_ in his
last annual report, to aid educational institutions
actually incorporated for loyal refugees and freed-
men : And provided further, That no agent or clerk
not heretofore authorized by law shall receive a
monthly allowance exceeding the sum of $200.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman does not
wish to occupy time now, I will consent that a
separate vote be taken upon this second sec-
tion.
Mr. LE BLOND. And upon the other part
also?
Mr. STEVENS. Upon the second section.
Mr. LE. BLOND. I believe I am entitled
to an hour upon this subject, and as there are
other gentlemen who desire to debate this
proposition as well as myself, I propose, there-
fore, to retain the floor and to farm out my
hour to members on this side of the House, in
pursuance of a custom established by gentle-
men on that side. Inasmuch as this is the
first time we have had any sunshine of this
kind, it is best perhaps for us to improve it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, the second section of the
bill oughtnever to have been incorporated into
an appropriaton bill. I regret exceedingly
that the bill was not read at the Clerk's desk
when it was first reported. If it had been,
then I should have been enabled under the
rules of the House to have required that this
section be stricken out as not appropriate to
this bill. However, it has taught me this
lesson : that in future, so long as I am a mem-
ber of this House, no appropriation bill shall
ever go to the Committee of the Whole until
after it has first been read in detail at the
Clerk's desk.
I do not expect to remain in this Hall very
long. The place that knows me now will soon
know me no more.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. - Forever. [Laughter.]
Mr. LE BLOND. It is suggeste-d that I add
the word "forever;" and I willingly acoept the
suggestion. And when I have escaped from
these Halls I shall feel that I am once more a
free man, in a country that once was free, but,
alas! is free no more. I shall be where the
previous question cannot be ordered and com-
pel me to hold my peace.
Sir, this section of the bill embraces more
than one would suppose from a first reading
of it. It is provided that no order shall be
executed by any military commander unless it
passes through the General of the Army, who
is required by this section to reside in the city
of Washington. Now, if the section stopped
here it would not be so objectionable; but it
provides further:
The General of the Army shall not be removed,
suspended, or relieved from command, or assigned
to duty elsewhere than at said headquarters, without
the previous approval of the Senate; and any orders
or instructions relating to military operations issued
contrary to the requirements of this section shall be
null and void; and any officer who shall issue orders
or instructions contrary to the provisions of this sec-
tion shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor in
office; and any officer of the Army who shall trans-
mit, convey, or obey any orders or instructions so
issued contrary to the provisions of this section,
knowing that sueli orders were so issued, shall be
liable to imprisonment for not less than two nor more
than twenty years, upon conviction thereof in any
court of competent jurisdiction.
Now, let us look at this for a moment. Sup-
pose an outbreak should take place in some
part of the country: or that some foreign Power
should seek to invade our soil, say from the
Mexican borders. The General of the Army
located here may possibly be averse to any
action being taken. The President, who is
made Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
the Navy by the Constitution of the United
States, is by this provision estopped from send-
ing any other general there to repel the forces
which may be attempting to come upon our
soil, or to put down any insurrection that
might take place within any of the States.
Now, sir, what particular object the gentle-
man who is chairman of this committee had
in view when he reported this section I know
not. I can scarcely conceive what can induce
any man to throw such an obstacle in our way
in case of invasion if any such should take
place. But, mysterious as it may be, it has
found its way into this bill without any objec-
tion whatever from that quarter.
What else docs it provide? It provides if an
order issues—of course meaning from the Pres-
ident of the United States, the Commander-in-
Chief of the Army and Navy—to any officer,
and that officer should undertake to carry out
the order given to him by his superior officer,
he is to be fined and to be imprisoned not less
than two nor more than twenty years ; impris-
oned, sir, for executing an order made incum-
bent upon him by the laws and by the Consti-
tution of the United States. If the bill does
not show the cloven foot, yet when the author
of the bill is remembered and the feelings he
entertains toward other parties are called to
mind, we must come to the conclusion there
is a good deal of the cloven foot in it.
The Constitution, as I have already said,
gives the command of the Army and Navy to
the President. If he finds he must take im-
mediate action, and issues orders to an officer
to go into a particular locality to suppress
insurrection, and that officer undertakes _ to
execute the order, he is to be fined and im-
prisoned. If, however, he does not obey the
order of his superior then he may be cashiered
and dealt with as military courts generally
deal with such cases. He is bound to execute
the order of his superior by law.
But if the President shall issue such an order
then he is to be guilty of a misdemeanor. If
guilty of misdemeanor in carrying out the plain
provisions of the Constitution he then becomes
liable to impeachment, the very thing that gen-
tleman wishes to bring about. He seeks to put
the Executive in a position where, by the laws
and Constitution, lie is forced to issue orders
to the military ; and when these orders are
issued it subjects him to the penalty of im-
peachment for misdemeanor. I am opposed
to this system of legislation. I am opposed
to laying a network to catch any officer of the
Government who is carrying out what he be-
lieves to be his duty under the law. I believe
in fair dealing and plain sailing; and if the
