590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
I am a very fair specimen of a party man. I
never pretended anything else. There is no
concealment- so far as I am concerned on that
point. But party politics never influence my
personal relations and personal feelings. Be-
cause I differ with gentlenlen of the other
party, I do not believe they are all scoundrels;
and I should despise myself if I did not have
warm—personal friends, where I live among
gentlemen that would not vote for me; friends
who would do me a kindness, and who would
believe in my integrity in the discharge of any
official duty. I have been disgusted a good
deal of late by seeing jurors brought into the
box simply because they were party men. I
want, to know if the Senator from' Oregon
believes in that kind of-business, selecting a
man as a juror because he is' of a particular
political party.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not believe in it, but
I can name a place in the United States where
the Senator's political friends do adopt that
expedient.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If this Senator's polit-
ical friends do that, this Senator condemns it
most emphatically.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then it is not peculiar
to any political party.
Mr. HENDRICKS.- I do not care where it
is done, or by whom it is done, it is a mean
thing, it is a dirty thing, it is below even the
-dignity of party warfare and ought to disgrace
the man who does it among honorable men.
Mr. WILLIAMS. We agree to all that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am glad the honorable
Senator from Oregon agrees to all that. Upon
one subject, then, we are agreed. Now, sir,
this is a simple question whether in the dis-
charge of some minor duties under the district
judge, the appointment of the officers to dis-
charge them shall be made by him. I am sat-
isfied in my State which ever way you fix it,
because it does not make any difference. I
am willing to trust Mr. Justice Davis to appoint
any nominee that belongs to his court; and so
of Judge MacDonald, both of them gentlemen
of high standing in their profession, and of
integrity, as I believe.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
while listening to the remarks of my friend
from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,] I concurred
•with his view; but on reflection it seems to
me that there are advantages in having these
officers appointed upon the nomination of the
Chief Justice. I can see that there may be a
good deal of strife for this office of register
among the bar, and that the district judge may
be placed in very unpleasant circumstances in
.being called upon to decide it, and that there-
fore it would be better if the nomination was
made by the Chief Justice. The Chief Justice
■would of course confer with the district judge
and not act in opposition to his views.
Then, again, in some of our Federal courts
there has grown up the practice of appointing
sons and nephews and brothers, which would
be avoided if the appointment were made by
the Chief Justice. It is a very important
office, one not beneath the dignity of the Chief
Justice to take into consideration. I have no
doubt that everybody agrees with the remarks
made by the Senator who last addressed us,
that all partisan feelings should be excluded
from this subject, but there are substantial
reasons why it would be better that the ap-
pointment should be made by the Chief Justice,
who no doubt would act with the concurrence
of the district judge.
Mr. JOHNSON. I call for the yeas and
nays on this question.
Mr. GRIMES. The question I believe is on
striking out the word " circuit" in the second
line of the third section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr. Mor-
rill.] And inserting the word "district" in
its place.
Mr. GRIMES. I am perfectly willing that
that amendment shall be concurred in. I be-
lieve I was the one who made the objection
and called for a division upon it; but I with-
draw the objection. I am content that the
word "district" shall be substituted'for the
word '' circuit.''
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maryland called for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I withdraw the call if the
objection is not insisted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion, then! is on agreeing to this amendment,
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
lines four, five, and six, to strike out the words,
"upon the nomination and recommendation
of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of
the United States," so as to read:
That it shall be the duty of the judges of the dis-
trict courts of the United States within and for the
several districts to appoint in each congressional dis-
trict in said districts, one or more registers in bank-
ruptcy, to assist the judge of the district court in the
performance of his duties under this act.
Mr. GRIMES. That amendment I hope
will not be concurred in.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
how that would operate; whether it is suffi-
ciently expressed: "shall be made by the
district judge upon the nomination." Does
that mean that the nomination is to be conclu-
sive, and that when that nomination is made
the district judge is to appoint?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly it does.
Mr. POLAND. As the inquiry is directed
to me, I will state that it was not drawn by me.
It is a question upon the construction of the
language. My honorable friend from Maine
would be a better judge of that than I should
be myself. It seems to me that it is substan-
tially giving the appointment to the Chief Jus-
tice of the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
that.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 16 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Dixon, Doolittle, Ed-
munds,Foster, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, John-
son, Norton, Patterson, Poland, Sherman, and Wil-
ley—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Fessenden, Fowler, Frelinghuy-
sen, Grimes, Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Ramsey, Sprague, Sumner, Wade,
Williams, and Wilson—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Conness. Cowan, Cragin, Creswell. Davis, Fogg,
Guthrie, McDougall, Nesmith, Nye, Pomeroy, Rid-
dle, Ross, Saulsbury, Stewart, Trumbull, Van "Win-
kle, and Yates—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following clause in section three, lines eight,
nine, ten, eleven, and twelve:
In case of disagreement between the judges of
'said court as to such appointments, or in case of
vacancy in the office of district judge, the presiding
judge of .the circuit court shall determine the num-
ber of appointments to be made, and make such
appointments.
Mr. POLAND. This amendment must be
made of course. This portion of the section
went upon the ground that this appointment
was to be committed to two persons, and pro-
vided in case of difference who should have
the casting vote, the choice ; but inasmuch as
we have confincd it to one, of course this por-
tion must be struck out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It struck me on the
reading that that clause referred to the num-
ber of appointments instead of the appointees.
" In case of disagreement between the judges
of said cou«t as to such appointments.'' Does
not that apply to the number of appointments
to be made?
Mr. POLAND. It is not material to what
it does refer. This whole matter is now left to
a single judge instead of two, and therefore
there is no necessity for any provision about a
difference of opinion.
Mr. FESSENDEN, Of course it should go
out, then.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five, to
insert after "court," in line ten, the words
"in accordance with the rules prescribed
under the tenth section of this act;" so as to
make the section read:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That thojudge of
the district court may direct a register to attend at
any place within the district for the purpose of hear-
ing such voluntary applications under this act as may
not be opposed, of attending any meeting of credit-
ors or receiving any proof of debts, and generally for
the prosecution of any bankruptcy or other proceed-
ings under this act; and the traveling and incidental
expenses of such register, and of any clerk or other
officer attending him, incurred in so acting, shall be
settled hy said court in accordance with the rales
prescribed under the tenth section of this act, and
paid out of the assets of the estate in respect of which
such register has so acted; or if there be no such assets,
or ifthe assets shall be insufficient, then such expenses
shall form a part of the costs, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. In the twenty-fifth line of
this same section there is an amendment which
ought to be made to make it conform to the
present condition of the bill in relation to the
appointment of these registers. It now reads:
"Such register shall be subject >o removal by
the judges of the circuit court." It should
read, "judge of the district court."
Mr. HOWARD. How will it read then?
Mr. POLAND. " Such register shall be
subject to removal by the judge of the district
court," &c. I move that amendment.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. That amend-
ment will be made in order to make the bill
consistent with what has previously been done.
The next amendment was in section ten, line
three, to strike out the words "five commis-
sioners" and insert " any two of the associate
justices of the Supreme Court;" and in line
four to strike out '' appointed " and insert" se;
lection;" so as to read:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States,
with the assistance of any two of the associate jus-
tices of the Supreme Court, to be selected by said
justice, and subject to the provisions of this act.
shall frame general orders tor the following pur-
poses, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. There are two or three cor-
rections necessary in order to make this sec-
tion correspond with the amendment that has
been made. I move in line twenty-six after
the word "time," to strike out the words
"when approved by the Justice of the Supreme
Court so designated;" in line twenty-eight to
add the letter " s " to the word ' 'justice :" and
to strike out all after the word "approve " in
the twenty-ninth line, in the following words:
The district judges shall be eligible to act as such
commissioners. No pay or compensation shall be
allowed to such commissioners for services under this
section.
So that that portion of the section will read:
After such general orders shall have been so framed,
they, or any of them, may be rescinded or varied, and
other general orders may be framed in manner afore-
said, and all such general orders so framed shall, from
time to time, be reported to Congress, with such sug-
gestions as said justices may approve.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. The word "approve" in
the twenty-ninth line, the last word in that
section, should be stricken out, and the words
"think proper" substituted.
The PRESIDENT^ -o tempore. That amend-
ment will be made, as it is merely a verbal cor-
rection.
The next amendment was in section four-
teen. to strike out the following clause in lines
twenty-seven, twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty,
thirty-one, thirty-two, and thirty-three :
"And such other property not included in the fore-
goin  exceptions as is exempted from levy and sale
upon execution bythe laws ol the State in which the
bankrupt has his domicile at the time of the com-
mencement of the proceedings in bankruptcy, to an
amount not exceeding that allowed by such State ex-
emption laws in force in the year ISol:'' so as to
make the first proviso to that section read:
Provided, however. That there shall be excepted
from the operation of the provisions of this section the
necessary household and kitchen furniture, and such
other articles and necessaries of such bankrupt its tho
said assignee shall designate and set apart, having
reference in the amount to thefaimly.condition.and
circumstances of the bankrupt, but altogether not. to
exceed in value, in any case the sum of $500; and also
the wearing apparel ot such bankrupt and that of his
wife and children, and tho uniform, arms, and equip-
