1354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
Executive is guilty of any act whereby he sub-
jects himself to impeachment, in God's name
let him be impeached. Do not lay this net-
work to force him into a position to manufac-
ture ground for his impeachment.
I hear, sir, little about impeachment now.
I suppose gentlemen have found on examina-
tion nothing upon which to found it. The
press has been speaking, and those who have
been foremost in the matter feel as did Bel-
shazzar when he saw the writing on the wall.
This section ought not to be left in this bill,
and I hope this House will strike it out.
The other subject on which I shall ask a vote
is the appropriation of over three million
dollars for the Freedmen's Bureau. When
that comes into the House I shall, with its
permission, call for the yeas and nays to see
whether the people of this country are willing
to contribute from the Treasury such a sum as
this for the purpose of keeping up one class at
the expense of another. We have objects of
charity all over the country if we have money
to bestow in this way more worthy than this.
Mr. NIBLAClv. I am a member of the
Committee on Appropriations that reported
this bill, and although I claim to be pretty
punctual in my attendance upon that commit-
tee, I happened, I believe, not to bo present
when this bill was considered and ordered to
be reported. At all events, from some cause
or other which I do not profess to understand
fully, the second section of this bill is entirely
new to me. 1 never hoard of it until it was
read at tho Clerk's desk this afternoon when
we went into eommitteo for the consideration
of this bill. I must say that it struck mo when
1 heard it read as a most extraordinary kind
of legislation.
Under the Const,itutioiij as wo all, of course,
have been advised very frequently in debate,
here ami elsewhere, the President is Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the
United States, lie nominates all the officers
that, are required above a certain grade, all
commissioned officers, I believe, in tho Army
ami Navy, lie appoints them, in other words,
subject to the consent of tho Senate. It has
always, so far as my reading has taught me on
the subject, been conceded to him that, he was
entitled, as Commander-in-Chief, to assign to
officers whatever duty in his judgment ho
thought they ought to be called upon and were
best qualiiied to perform.
It is not a practicable thing for the Congress
of the United States to regulate matters of
detail connected with tho military service at
all events. Whatever law we pass on tho sub-
ject has to remain in force until repealed by
Congress, and if the particular section to which
1 am alluding shall become a law, it, will remain
the law of tho land, of course, until repealed by
Congress. It will tie up, if it be a valid law,
the President and the General of the Anny for
all time to come until modified or repealed by
the Congress of tho United States. As has
been well said by tho gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Lie BloJv'u] wo cannot foresee what contin-
gency may happen in regard to the future of
ihis country. We may have an invasion, we
may have an insurrection, we may have some
trouble upon the northern border with Can-
ada, or upon the southern border with Mcxico,
and it may be a matter of the first importance
that the General of the Army should be as-
signed to duty in some one of those localities.
But if you pass this bill, and it becomcs a law,
and is sustained by the courts of this country,
or by acquiescence in it on the part of the
President and others in authority under him,
then the General will not be permitted to go
outside the limits of the city of Washington,
nor can he be assigned to duty anywhere
except at headquarters in this city. I lake it
there must be more urgent reason for this
sort of legislation, some reason which the
public does not fully understand, some reason
which certainly we on this side of the House
are unable to appreciate.
In the first place, it implies a want of confi-
dence in the President of the United States.
Well, sir, I very much regret this apparent
want of confidence in him on the part of the
majority here. * But we have seen some few
faint indications of it upon some previous oc-
casions. and I am not so much surprised, there-
fore, at the manifestation of that want of con-
fidence as shown in this particular bill. But I
go further, and insist that it implies a want of
confidence on the part of the majority in the
General of the Army himself. Why do you
seek to coop him up in this way, and threaten
him with punishment if he should obey the
orders of the President, if there is not a sort of
lingering suspicion somewhere that he will be
derelict in his duty in this respect? It is only
the other day that the majority on the other
side were proposing to place the whole mili-
tary power of this country, especially in the
lately insurrectionary States, in the General
of tho Army, to charge him with the entire
military operations within those States, and
give him supreme control. Well, I concede
that if Congress has the power to do this it is
a very extraordinary attempt at legislation.
That provision of the bill, however, which
passed this body last week for the government
of the late insurrectionary States has been so
amended by the Senate that I presume what-
ever may happen, that feature is not likely to
be reinstated. I am not in the secret, how-
ever, in these matters, and about that I may
be mistaken.
But what I was drawing the attention of the
Ilouse to is that now the whole thing seems to
be changed, and there is an apprehension that
the General of tho Army intends to do some-
thing that is inconsistent, with tho safety of the
people of this country, that some kind of covp
d'dtat, as the French call it, is anticipated ;
that the President is going to do something
terrible and the General of the Army is likely
to be used in this effort at rebellion or resist-
ance or whatever else gentlemen may imagine
is likely to occur; for I take it for granted that
they would never agree to a proposition of this
sort if there was no such apprehension.
By this provision the General of the Army is
only to bo assigned to duty in the city of Wash-
ington, and any effort on the part of the Presi-
dent to assign 'him to duty elsewhere is to be
null and void. And not only is the order to be
void, but the President is to be punished for
issuing such an order, and the General of the
Army is also liable to punishment for obeying
such an order.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the present General of
the Army has by his own superior skill as a
military man, by a succession of excellent good
fortune, bocomo a very important personage in
this country. Ho is a man, I believe, that all
parties are trying to get possession of. These
victorious generals are particularly serviceable
sometimes in elections, and I confess that one
great dread we have had to encounter on this
side of the Ilouse for some time past has been
that tho majority were likely to capture him
and make him their candidate for President in
1808. But seeing this suspicion which seems
to linger in the minds of the majority in regard
to the fidelity, loyalty, good faith, and honor
of this officer as manifested in the second sec-
tion of tho bill, I am inclined to think that our
apprehensions have not been well founded. I
am inclined to think, instead of confiding in
him and desiring to make him their leader m a
future contest, they desire to tie up his hands,
embarrass him, and advertise him by the legis-
lation of the country as an officer in whom the
Congress of the United States have no confi-
dence.
I may be mistaken in all this, but I confess
this second section looks to me a little as if I
am about right. Whatever gentlemen of the
majority may feci in relation to the President
of the United States, I insist that it is unfair to
attempt to involve officers of the Army in these
troubles who have never been politicians, who
have simply, so far as their acts are concerned,
indicated their desire to perform their whole
duty to the country in their military capacity,
and thus complicate them in the present un-
fortunate and unsettled political condition of
the country.
It is competent for the Congress of the Uni-
ted States to withhold appropriations for the
Army altogether if it chooses. It is competent
when we make appropriations, for us to pre-
scribe the manner in which the money thus
appropriated shall be disbursed. We may, I
suppose, annex provisions to sueh appropria-
tions limiting and prescribing the terms upon
which the disbursements shall be made and
the contingencies upon which the appropria-
tions shall be withheld. But, sir, I never
heard it urged seriously anywhere, even at the
hustings, where debate runs wild and gentlemen
are not reported in what they are saying, where
whatever may be said in the excitement of the
moment passes away from the memory, that the
Congress of the United States shall prescribe
to what particular duty an officer shall be
assigned, and may by legislation tie up the
hands of the President in sueh a way that he
cannot assign an officer to the particular kind
of duty to which, in his judgment, that officer
is adapted.
In all seriousness, Mr. Chairman, I do regard
this as a most extraordinary section. The more
I think about it the more am I surprised. I am
aware that these are times of revolution to some
extent. I am aware that many very extraor-
dinary things have been said, done, written,
and published in the last five or six years, and
I am aware that the limitations of the Consti-
tution have not borne very heavily upon those
who are in the majority here; and in view of
that I confess I ought not to be surprised at
scarcely anything, especially after having wit-
nessed what I have here in the last two years.
But, sir, this is so far in advance of any-
thing that has yet been attempted ; so entirely
novel in its character; so revolutionary, if I
may be allowed to use that expression; so un-
precedented in all ordinary matters of legisla-
tion, that I should be recreant to my duty, re-
creant to every dictate of justice, if 1 should
permit a provision of this sort to be passed by
this House without entering my earnest protest
against it.
I am inclined to think, sir, that such a pro-
vision as this would be wholly nugatory, so
far as it attempts to restrain the sction of the
President or the action of the General of the
Army. Certainly, sir, this would be so if the
Constitution were applied in its strict construc-
tion to the question. But, sir, this is a stronger
argument why we should not attempt to enact
such a provision into a law. It is not always
safe for an executive officer, for an officer in
any branch of the public service, to refuse to
obey a law becausc in his judgment it may be
unconstitutional. The decision of such a ques-
tion imposes upon him a responsibility which
it is not right to throw upon his shoulders. He
should not be called upon to take the risk of
determining what the judicial tribunal of last
resort, may decide upon one of the most im-
portant and at the same time one of the most
intricate and delicate questions.
# If this provision were clearly unconstitu-
tional, then, sir, there would only remain the
question as to its expediency. But, sir, in the
aspect in which it is presented here it is, in my
judgment, not only unconstitutional but inex-
pedient. I do hope that before we take the
vote on this question we shall at least hear
from the other side—from the distinguished
chairman of the committee who reported this
bill—why we are asked to enact such a section
as this, especially in connection with the ordi-
nary appropriations for the support of the
Army. There_ must be some reason for it
which the public does not understand ; there
must bo some reason which even this House
d<?es not understand.
If such a measure as this ought to come
before the House, if Congress ought to enact
such a law, then I submit that it should prop-
erly have been reported from the Com-mittee
on Military Affairs, who are specially charged
with theeonsideration of all questions pertain-
ing to military operations. Although the Com-
