1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1355
mittee on Appropriations embraces gentlemen
of talent, of distinction, of ability, and of
experience, some of whcftn perhaps liave done
some service in the field, yet that committee
is not specially charged with the consideration
of the military condition of the country. I am
quite sure, sir, that the distinguished Presid-
ing Officer of this House would never have
appointed me a member of that committee if
he had anticipated that it would be a part of
the duty of the committee to take into consid-
eration the military situation of the country.
The duties of that committee are of a finan-
cial character; they relate to the computa-
tion of dollars and cents, the consideration of
the exigencies of the country in regard to
appropriations. But it is certainly no part of
our duty to inquire what military operations
are contemplated, or the relative merits of the
different officers of the Army, commencing with
the President and extending down through his
subordinates.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. I insist that it is not in order for gen-
tlemen to hold a caucus on the floor of the
House of Representatives. It must be evi-
dent to the Chairman that that is going on.
Besides that, there is a great deal of talking,
evidently to disturb the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Niblack] in his argument.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken. Gentlemen on the left of the
Chair will please be seated and preserve order
in the House.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Does the
Chair decide that there is a caucus ? [Laugh-
ter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana will proceed.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Chairman, I would
have much preferred that some gentleman on
this side of the House who understands the
military situation better than I do should have
assumed the duty of discussing this question ;
but being a member of the Committee on
Appropriations, which is responsible to the
House and to the country for this bill, I have
felt it my duty to say at least a few words be-
fore the vote was taken upon it. Other gen-
tlemen, however, desire to speak upon it, and
I will not attempt to hold the floor any longer.
I thank the gentleman -from Ohio [Mr. Le
Bloxd] for his courtesy in yielding to me.
Mr. LE BLOND. Mr. Chairman, there are
several Republican members who have ex-
pressed to me a desire to speak on this ques-
tion. I will yield now to one of them. The
usual courtesy extended from that side of the
House to this is two minutes; but I will be
more generous and extend three minutes to
my friend from New York, [Mr. Davis.]
Mr. DAVIS. I decline to accept so short a
time.
Mr. LE BLOND. My time is very precious,
and I have promised portions of it to several
of my friends. I now yield ten minutes to my
friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldkidge.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have consented that
my friend from Illinois [Mr. Ross] shall oc-
cupy five minutes of my time.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Chairman, I liave been for
some time apprehensive that there is an inten-
tion on the part of the Republican party of this
country to abandon that time-honored principle
termed the "Monroe Doctrine." I think it
must, be apparent, sir, to you and to the coun-
try that the design of the dominant political
party at the present time is to ignore that great
doctrine by which our fathers stood from the
foundation of the Government.
With reference, sir, to the questions more im-
mediately involved in this bill I may be allowed
to say that during the last session I called the
attention of the House to the danger of creat-
ing a large military establishment in this coun-
try. But, sir, my feeble voice was not heard
or was unheeded. It was determined that we
must have in the field in time of peace an Army
of at least eighty thousand men. We are now
beginning to realize the fruits of our legisla-
Von during the last session. One of the first
fruits is the bill now reported by the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, proposing the extraor-
dinary expenditure of nearly twenty-eight mil-
lion dollars for the support of the military
establishment during one year. Sir, it is a
startling fact for the country to consider that
now, in a time of profound peace, the military
establishment of this country costs us more
than the total expense of administering the
Government in the earlier and better days of
the country, when the Democratic party was
in power.
These, Mr. Chairman, are serious consider-
ations for the American people. Perhaps they
will submit to this system of legislation. Per-
haps the sunburnt sons of toil will uncom-
plainingly bow their necks to the burdens im-
posed upon them and will be content to deprive
themselves, not only of the comforts, but the
absolute necessaries of life—for what? For
the luxury of having a Republican Congress
to rule over them. Go on, hardy sons of toil;
labor from early morn till the stars shine at
night; bow your necks to the burden imposed
upon you as the price of enjoying the rule of a
Republican Congress!
Mr. Chairman, the time has come when
every patriotic eitiz-en of this country should
be aroused to the danger which hangs like a
thick pall over our institutions. The time has
come when the question must be decided
whether the people of this country have any
longer any rights that deserve to be respected.
The glory of the fathers was that we had a
Government resting so lightly on the shoulders
of the people that they hardly knew they were
taxed. The idea on which our Government
was founded was that we were to dispense
with all the traditionary notions of monarchy
and aristocracy; that among the other abuses
of monarchical government from which we
were to be exempt were standing armies and
navies, needlessly eating out the substance
of the people. But, sir, this old doctrine is
being entirely reversed ; we have been placed
under military despotism; a permanent mili-
tary establishment has been created; provision
is made for putting one third of the people
of this Union under military law; and we are
having pressed upon us in this House a militia
bill providing for the military enrollment of the
entire community.
Mr. Chairman, these are important moments
in the history of our country, and I call upon
patriotic Union-loving men who revere and
venerate the institutions under which we live
to come to the rescue. There is no time to be
lost; ere long the chains will be around our
necks ; there is great danger in permitting
this thing to go on. I call upon the honorable
and distinguished gentlemen on the other side
to come to the help of our imperiled free Gov-
ernment. I only intended when 1 rose to call
the attention of the House and country to
the great danger which gathers and thickens
over our political horizon; and I thank the
gentleman from Wisconsin for yielding to me.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I now yield five minutes
to the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Weight.]
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, although I am
upon the Committee on Appropriations I was
not present when this proposition was submit-
ted to that committee. Assuredly if offered in
my presence I would, as I do now, object to it.
I do not think, as was well said by the gen-lle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Nibi.aok.] it is ger-
mane to the body of an appropriation bill.
This is a proposition to restrict the office and
control the power of the President of the Uni-
ted States ; to tear away from him by a single
act of this Congress his powers under the Con-
stitution of the United States, which makes
him Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy of the United States. Now, what a faree
it would bo to allow him to be the Commander
of this force, and yet to say his ehiefest officer,
the General of the Army, can be so strongly
fixed in his headquarters in Washington that
no power on earth, except a power unknown
to the Constitution of the United States, the
Senate of the United States may interfere, and
give him a leave of absence for a few days.
Mr. Chairman, I see not only in this, but in
other bills, an attempt, a deliberate attempt,
to limit and circumscribe the power of the
President of the United States. And why?
I well remember when he made an address in
Nashville, Tennessee, and told the negroes
there he would be their Moses to lead them
to the promised land, [laughter,] the whole
country appeared to be on his side; he was
the consummation so devoutly wished for.
Since then times have - changed. Tempora
muiantur et nos mutamur cum illis. He en-
tertains now in his own mind a different sys-
tem of political economy, keeping pace with
the progress of the age, and forsooth, his old
friends withdraw from him and refuse to give
him that sustentation and support which he
enjoyed before and to which he is entitled.
We do not claim him. We who profess to be
Democrats acknowledge only one rule of con-
duct, and that is the Constitution of the United
States; loving the flag and respecting the laws
made under the Constitution. We have no
other faith ; we have no other hope, and under
the blessing of God we desire no other destiny.
The proposition here in this second section is
outside of any appropriation, except it may be
appropriation of the powers of the President.
It is that he shall be shorn of his authority.
He cannot, dare not, order one of his subal-
terns, no matter how great the danger may
be, to go to any portion of this Republic for
the purpose of putting down a rebellion. If
a subaltern undertakes to execute the order
of the President he becomes liable to be con-
sidered guilty of what we call in New Jersey
a high misdemeanor, and to be imprisoned for
from two to twenty years, at the discretion of
the court.
I tell you you dare not override the Consti-
tution of the United States. This is not a ques-
tion to be put to gentlemen as a matter of mere
volition. There is a day of reckoning at hand ;
it will come to you as well as to us. We may
be mistaken ; but I say to you again, you dare
not override the Constitution of the United
States in this way to-day and then rely upon
it to-morrow. That Constitution gives the
President of the United States entire com-
mand of the Army and Navy of the United
States; and that being so, why do you pro-
pose, in this outside and incidental way, to
restrict him and to take away from him those
ordinary powers which, by virtue of his office,
he has a right to exercise ?
I really do not know why this thing is sug-
gested ; but I repudiate the insinuation that
has been made by one of my own party, that
it is intended as a" trap to catch the President
in order to impeach him. I do not believe it.
I do not believe that the Republican party,
seated there upon the other side of the House,
would do such a mean act as to set a trap to
catch the President of the United States. I
think that the President has manliness enough
to declare his sentiments, to act upon his prin-
ciples, and to discharge the duties of his office
in accordance with them ; and if, in doing so,
he shall subject himself to the criticism of the
Congress of the United States, that may give
rise to questions to be decided by the action
of this House and of the Senate.
But I repeat, I do not believe that this bill
is designed as a trap. I think rather that it is
an ill-advised scheme, put into a bill which
originally did not contemplate anything of the
kind, and brought in here just at the close of
the session, intended to confine the General of
the Army in his quarters here, and at the same
time to hold out by way of penalty the threat
that punishment would follow disobedience of
orders. I have examined that section, and
desiring to discuss this matter fairly, I say it
does not appear to me that the President of
the United States may not give an order to
General Grant that he may execute; but I
think that if General Grant were to issue an
order to any of his subordinates, andtheyshould
undertake to execute it in contravention of
