1861
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ments of any person who is or has been a soldier in
the militia or in the service of the United States;
* and such other property as now is, or hereafter shall
be, exempted from attachment, or seizure, or levy on
execution by the laws of the United States.
Mr., POLAND. This amendment, although
proposed by the committee, was not reported
by tl:e unanimous vote of the committee, but
by a majority, and although the bill was re-
ported from the committee by myself, I did
not, in committee, concur in this amendment.
I do npt myself think that the amendment
should be adopted. I am very certain that
if it is adopted it will very seriously jeop-
ardize the passage; but if it is required that it
should be adopted in order to make the system
that this bill establishes a uniform system of
bankruptcy within the meaning of the Consti-
tution of the United States, then of course we
must adopt it, whatever effect it may have upon
the fate of the bill.
We all understand that the provisions under
the laws of the different States in relation to
exemptions from attachment and execution,
both of real and personal—estate homestead
laws as they are termed as applied to real
estate—vary in the different States. Nearly
all, and I do not know but quite all, the New
England States have now an existing home-
stead law. The New England rule in refer-
ence to homesteads is $500—a homestead not
exceeding in value $500; in the State of New
York it is $1,000. In some of the western
States they exempt a certain number of acres
of land. In the Pacific States I believe they
go by value, but have a still higher one than
we have in New England or even in New York.
The general wisdom of these homestead laws
as passed by the different States is not ques-
tioned by anybody; but it is said that when we
come to administer upon the estates of insol-
vent and bankrupt debtors, to make a national
system as applied to that subject, we are not
at liberty to leave any of these State laws in
force in relation to th,ese exemptions; that we
must cut them all up, or else, if we leave any
exemption at all, we must make one of our
own and one that shall be uniform in the sev-
eral States. It does not appear to me to be
necessary to do any such thing; I think we may
well enough leave in force all the laws of the
various States protecting such necessary por-
tion of the insolvent's property as is necessary
for the use of his family, as has been declared
by the several States; that we do not thereby
make an inequality, preventing the system of
bankruptcy that we thereby establish from being
"uniform," in the sense of the Constitution
and the laws. If we leave this section to stand
as it was passed by the House,- and leave these
State exemptions to remain and be operative
still, notwithstanding the passage of this bank-
rupt law, we do just this: we lay hold upon
all the property of insolvents and bankrupts
in all the States that by the existing laws is
liable to the payment of their debts; and that
is a uniform rule, a uniform law throughout
the entire Government, throughout every State;
and because in consequence of the difference
in the State laws there may be some inequality,
it is nothing more than what happens in a great
variety of instances under this and under the
preceding laws.
Quite a notable example of this arose under
the law that was passed in 1841. In all the
New England States, I believe, we have a pro-
ceeding for attaching property upon mesne
process. When a man commences a suit he
prays out a writ and he goes and seizes prop-
erty enough to secure the payment of his debt
if he recovers judgment finally—what we call
an attachment lien. It hardly exists anywhere
out of New England, I believe, in the United
States. Such a lien could not exist under the
law of any other State. Under jfche bankrupt
law that was passed in 1841 existing liens upon
property were to stand against any title acquired
by the assignee under that law. A very great
controversy arose in the State of New Hamp-
shire whether an attachment lien, where a cred-
itor had brought suit and attached property
prior to the commencement of proceedings in
bankruptcy, whether that was a lien within
the meaning of the bankrupt law; and a very
notable controversy—notable as among law-
yers—sprang up between Judge Parker, the
chief justice of New Hampshire, and Judge
Story, the circuit judge of that district; Judge
Story insisting that this lien was not available,
and Judge Parker insisting that it was. The
controversy resulted in Judge Parker's view
being sustained. Now, if no statute lien by
the laws of the State could be upheld unless a
similar statute lien coulcl be upheld throughout
the entire country, then that must have gone
by, because it was only in New England that
that kind of statute law existed.
As I said to begin with, Mr. President, the
adoption of this amendment will undoubtedly
seriously jeopardize the fate of this bill; and I
state this as a reason for asking every Senator
to examine it with great care, and to be quite
certain that the retention of this clause will
render the bankrupt system which we are
about to inaugurate so uniform as to be una-
vailing in consequence of allowing these home-
stead exemptions to remain untouched by our
bankrupt law before they adopt the amend-
ment reported by the committee.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate
adjourn. I want time to consider this subject.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 19, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
alexander ii. coffroth.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution :
Reiolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be, and is
hereby, authorized and directed to pay to Alexander
H. Coffroth the amount of increased pay of member
of this House provided by law, from the commence-
ment of the Thirty-Ninth Congress to tho period
when he ceased to be a member.
Mr. KOONTZ. Mr. Speaker, there is a
legal question involved in this resolution, and
1 move to refer it to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. There is another
question of that kind before the Committee on
the Judiciary, and I hope it will be referred to
that committee.
The resolution was accordingly so referred.
Subsequently Mr. Benjamin entered a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was referred.
publication op congressional globe.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be in-
structed to inqnire into tlie expediency of providing
for the publication of the Congressional Globe in the
form and style of the debates of the British Parlia-
ment.
dakota geological survey.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
memorial of the Legislature of the Territory
of Dakota relative to a geological survey of
the Black Hill country; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
fire and marine insurance company.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being private bill
day, the first business in the morning hour is
tho consideration of Senate bill No. 98, to
incorporate the Metropolitan Fire and Marine
Insurance Company of the District of Colum-
bia ; which was reported from the Committee
for the District of Columbia, and pending at
the expiration of the morning hour on yes-
terday.
Mr. MERCUR. I move to further amend
the bill by adding to section five the following:
Said corporation shall have power to reinsure any
risk which may be taken by them or any part thereof
in the discretion of the officers or directors of the
company.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I wish to offer one or two
amendments to this bill before it is put upon
its passage. In the reading of the bill yester-
day I noticed that it provides that no larger
dividends than six per cent, shall be declared
unless the surplus profits of the company shall
exceed $20,000. The bill, however, does not
restrict the company from declaring a dividend
at any time of six per cent, or less, though
they may have no profits at all. Now, it will
be readily perceived by members that under
this provision this company may divide the
capital stock up in dividends when there is no
surplus of profits from which to pay dividends.
In my opinion such a provision as that ought
not to be allowed to go into any bill of this
character, for it is perfectly ruinous, allowing
the stockholders or directors for the stock-
holders to do that which certainly has never
been allowed to be done in this country. Now,
I would suggest to the gentleman who has
charge of the bill [Mr. Mercur] that it should
be so amended that no dividends shall be
declared unless the company shall have on
hand at the time a certain amount of surplus
profits.
Mr. MERCUR. I have no objection to such
an amendment.
Mr. PRICE. Then I move to amend the
bill in the section providing for the declaration
of dividends so as to provide that no dividends
shall be declared unless the company shall
have on hand at least $20,000 of net profits.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 would suggest to the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Price] that he better
frame his amendment so as to provide that no
dividends shall be declared by the company
except from the profits of the company.
Mr. PRICE. 1 think the amendment I have
suggested will cover the whole ground. I de-
sire to provide that no dividends shall be
declared unless the company shall be in pos-
session of at least $20,000 of net profits.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman will excuse
me, I hope, if I still urge upon his attention
the fact that the language which he has em-
ployed does not fully accomplish the purpose
he states he has in view. According to the
amendment wtich the gentleman suggests the
company are not to declare any dividends of
any amount unless they have at least $20,000
of net profits on hand. But there is nothing
to prevent the company, after they shall have
accumulated $20,000 of net profits, from going
on and making their dividends from the capital.
I suppose the purpose of the gentleman is to
have the dividends declared from the profits,
and the profits alone.
Mr. PRICE. That is what I seek to accom-
plish.
Mr. DAVIS. The language employed by
the gentleman in his amendment does not do
that.
Mr. PRICE. My intention is that the com-
pany, after the declaration of any dividends,
shall have on hand at least $20,000 of net
profits ; that no declaration of dividends shall
reduce the surplus profits below that amount.
Mr. DAVIS. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman to modify his amendment so that it
shall provide that no dividends shall be de-
clared except from the profits of the company,
nor unless there shall be a surplus -of at least
$20,000 net profits after the payment of the
dividend.
Mr. PRICE. I will accept that modifica-
tion.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I wish to make another sug-
gestion. If I understood the bill correctly as it
was read, it provides that any number of direct-
ors may be a quorum for the transaction of
business. Now, I do not know whether the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mercur]
has noticed that provision of the bill; but he
must see at once the propriety of making it
read that any rmmber not less than so many,
