1356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
the provisions of that section, then they would
be liable.
However that ipay be, is it appropriate that
now at the close of the session a proposition
of this kind should be suddenly sprung upon
this House, when, if the Constitution is left to
stand where it is and if the laws of the land
are left in full force, there is no reason why
the matter may not very well be allowed to
rest until the Fortieth Congress comes in?
The Latins tell us, experientia docet. Let
us wait and see; let us postpone action in this
matter until after the next Congress shall have
assembled, and let us endeavor to consider
calmly in the mean time whether any action
of the President of the United States calls for
such an extraordinary measure as this, which
seeks to restrict his powers by act of Congress,
although they cannot properly be restricted
except by the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will now yield the bal-
ance of my time to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Hisk.]
Mr. HISE. If there are only three minutes
of time remaining, which I understand is the
fact, I must decline to occupy them. [Laugh-
ter. ]
Mr. BLAINE. I move that the committee
rise, and 1 do it with a view of going to busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. FINCK. 1 rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Hisk] has
the (loor and the gentleman from Maine has no
right to make that motion.
^The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Kentucky resigned the floor.
Mr. Lii BLOND. Will the gentleman al-
low .us to take separate votes in the House
upon the propositions which I have indicated.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 will say to the gentleman
that 1 do not propose to go on with this bill at
all. 1 have made the motion to rise for another
piirpose, in order that we may proceed to busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
Mr. LE 1SL0ND. What particular busi-
ness?
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman will lind that
out when the committee rises.
The question was taken on Mr. Blaxnk's
motion : and it was agreed to.
So the eommiflee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed i he Chair, Mr. Raymond re-
ported I hat the Comniitec of the Whole on the
stale of the Union had, according to order,
hod under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly bill of the House
No. 1126, making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Anny for the year ending Juno oO,
lbO.H, and for other purposes, and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
OiiOHit 01.' MIRIXUSS.
Mr. BLAINE. I move that the House pro-
ceed to the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. M00R1IEAD. I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the stale of the Union on the tax bill.
The SPEAKER. That will not bo in order
unless the Army bill shall be postponed by a
vote of the House. The tax bill was post-
poned this afternoon by a vote of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the special order,
the Army appropriation bill, and pending that
motion, I move that all debate in committee be
confined to five minutes.
Mr. FA1VNSW0ItTH. What is the regular
order of business?
Ihe SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of business on the Speaker's
table.
Mr. FARNSYl ORTII. I insist on the reg-
ular order.
Mr. STE"VEXS. I move to postpone the
regular order of business for the purpose of
finishing the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. FINCK. 1 demand (he yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 30, nays 97, not voting
63 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aneona, Baxter, B or gran, Boyor,
Campbell, Cooper, Dawson, Denison, Eldriapre, Finck,
Glossbrenner, Hawkins. Hise, Le Blond, Leftwicb,
Loan, Marshall, McCullough, Niblack, Nicholson,
Samuel J. Randall, Ritter, Ross, Sitgreaves, Ste-
vens, Taber, Nathaniel 6. Taylor, Nelson Taylor,
Trimble, and Andrew H. Ward—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Arncll, Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker,
Baldwin, Barker, Beaman.Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine,
Blow, Boutwell, Brandegee, Bromwell, Broomall,
Buckland, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke. Cobb. Cook,
Cuilom, Barling, Davis, Dawes, Defrees, Delano,
Deming, Dodge, Donnelly, Eggleston, Eliot, tfarns-
wortb, Farquhar, Ferry, Grinnell, Griswold, Hayes,
Higby, Dcmas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hul-
burd, Julian, Kclley, Laflin, William Lawrence,
Longyear, Lynch, Marvin, Maynard, McClurg, Mc-
Indoe, MeKee, MeRuer, Mercur, Miller, Morris,
Moulton, Myers, Newell, O'Noill, Orth, Paine, Pat-
terson, Perham, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, Wil-
liam II. Randall, Raymond, Alexander II. Rice,
John II. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Scofteld, Sheilabar-
frcr, Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Stokes, Thayer, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Upson. Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, William B. Wash-
bam, Wentworth, Whaley, James F. Wilson, Ste-
phen F. WiJson, and Windom—97.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Banks, Beniamin. Chan-
ler, Sidney Clarke, Colliding, Culver, Dkon, Driggs,
Dumont, Eoklcy, Garfield, Goodyear, Hale, Aaron
Ilaiding, Abncr C. Ilaiding, Hauls, Hart, Hender-
son, Hill, Hogan, Holmes, Hooper, Ilotchkiss, Asa-
hel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbaid, Edwin N.
Hubbell, Jainos R. llubbell, Humphrey, Hunter,
Ingorsoll, Jenckes, Jones, Kasson, Kelso, Kerr,
Ketoham, Koontz, ICuykondall, Latham, George
V. Lawrence, Marston, Moorhead, Morrill, Nocll,
Phelps, Radford, Rogers, Rousseau, Schenck, Shank-
Jin, Stilwell, Strouso. Thornton, Trowbridge, Van
Aernam. Hamilton Ward, Elihu B. Washburne,
Henry D. Washburn, Welker, Williams, Winlield,
Woodbridgo, and Wright—03.
So the House refused to postpone the reg-
ular order of business.
GOVERNMENT OF INSURRECTIONARY STATES.
The SPEAKER. The first business upon
the Speaker's table is the following message
from the Senate:
In Shxatk of tiir United States,
February 10, 1867.
Itesohi'd, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the bill (1J. R No. 1143) to provide for the
moro efficient government of the insurrectionary
Stales, disagroed to by tho House of Representa-
tives.
Attest: J.W.FORNEY,
^secretary.
By J. W. McDonald, Chief Clerk.
TlicSPEAKEH. Thogentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Iir-MNii,] having called for the regular
order of business, ia entitled to the floor.
Mr. BLAINE. I yield to the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. WILSON1, of Iowa. I move that the
House concur in tho substitute proposed by
the Senate, with an amendment to come in at
the end of the fifth section, which I send to
the Clerk's desk to be read.
Mr. WRIGHT. Are we to be sold out?
[Laughter. ]
The Clerk read as follows :
Provided, That no person excluded from the priv-
ilege of holding oftico by said proposed amondmcnt
to tho Constitution ot' tho United States shall bo
oligiblo as a motnbor of a convontion to frarao a con-
stitution for any of said rebel States nor shall any
such person voto for members of such convention.
Mr. BLAINE. I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a question of
order. We have already voted to non-concur
in the amendment of the Senate; the motion
to reconsider that vote was made, and laid upon
the table. I now ask whether we can be again
called upon to vote upon the proposition to
concur?
The SPEAKER. The House is now acting
ujion a message from the Senate, and the Clerk
will read tho rule in relation to the progress of
business.
The Clerk read as follows :
"When either House, e.g., the House of Represent-
atives, send a bill to tho other, the other may pass it
with amendments. Tho regulation progression in
thiscasois: that the Houso disagree to the amend-
ment, the Senate insist on it; the House insist on their
disagreement; tho Senate adhere to their amend-
ment; the House adhero to their disagreement."
The SPEAKER. The House this afternoon
disagreed to the amendment of the Senate, and
the motion to reconsider the vote was laid upon
the table. The Senate have sent t'o this House
a message, stating that they insist npon their
amendment. The question now is upon reced-
ing from the disagreement of the House, which
is ah entirely different proposition from the one
upon which the House acted this afternoon.
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilso.v] now
moves to recede from the disagreement of the
House and to agree to the amendment of the
Senate with an amendment. The Clerk will
read the rule under which that motion is made.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Either House may recede from its amendment and
agree to the bill, or recede from their disagreement to
tnc amendment and agree to the same absolutely, or
with an amendment. And the motion to recede
takes precedence of the motion to insist."
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. Is it now in order to
move to lay the amendment of the Senate
upon the table?
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order; but if it is agreed to it will take the bill
to the table also.
Mr. BLAINE. I called the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The call for the previous
question will be pending, and will be the first
question in order should the motion to lay on
the table not be agreed to.
Mr. FINCK. I call the yeas and nays on
the motion to lay on the table.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division, there
were—ayes 27, noes 78.
So (one fifth voting in the affirmative) the
yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 27, nays 108, not voting
55 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Campbell,
Cooper, Dawson, Denison, Finck, Glossbronner, lliso,
Hunter, he Blond, Leftwich, Marshall, McCullough,
Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps, Samuel J.Randall, Hit-
ter, Ross, Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor,
Trimble, Andrew H. Ward, and Wright—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames Anderson,
Amell. Delos It. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker,
Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Bidwell,
Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell, Brandegee, Bromwell,
Broomall, Buckland, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sid-
ney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Culloin, Darling, Davi3,
Dawes. Delano,Doming, Dodge. Donnelly, Lggleston,
Eliot, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Grinnell, Gris-
wold, Abner C. Harding, Hawkins, Hayes, Higby,
Ilotchkiss, Domas Hubbard, John U. Hubbard, Hul-
burd, Julian,Kclley,Laflin, Latham,George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch,
Marvin, Mayuard, MoClurg, Molndoe, McKee, Mc-
Ruer, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morris, Moulton,
Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Paino, Patterson,
Perham, Pike, Plants, Poineioy, Price, Raymond,
Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer,
Schenck, Seofield, Shcllabarger, Sloan, Spalding,
Starr, Stokes, Tliayer, Francis Thomas, John L.
Thomas,Upson, Vim Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Rob-
ert T. Van Horn, Warner, William B.Washburn, Wel-
ker, Wentworth, Whaley, .Tamos F. Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodiidi^e—108.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Benjamin. Blow, Chanler,
Conkling, Culver, Defrees, Dixon, Dnggs, Dumont,
Eckley, Eldridge, Garfield, Goodyear, Hale, Aaron
Harding, Harris, Hart, Henderson, Hill, Ilogan.
Holmes, Hooper, Asaliel W. Hubbard. Chester D.
Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James R. Hubbell,
Huuiphicy, In^crsoll, Jenckcs, Jones, Kasson, Kelso,
Kerr, Ketehain, Koontz, Kuykendall, Marston, Mor-
rill, Noel!, ltadford, William II. Randall, Rogers,
Rousseau, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Stevens, Stiiwell,
Strousc, Thornton, Trowbridge, Hamilton Ward,
Elihu B.Washburne, Ilenry D. Washburn, Williams,
and Winficld—55.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The question recurred upon seconding the
call for the previous question.
Mr. FINCK. I move that the House take
a recess until one o'clock to-morrow morning.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the House now adjourn, andon thatmotion
I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that when the
House adjourn it adjourn to meet on Thurs-
day next at twelve o'clock, andon thatmotion
I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. THAYER. I call for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Tha-TER
and NioSolson were appointed.
