1358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
to the bar to show an excuse for not having
executed the order of the House.
The question was taken on the motion to
take a recess till one o'clock ; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 27, uays 98, not
-voting 65 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Brande-
gee, Campbell, Cooper, Finck, Glossbrenner. Aaron
Harding, Hise, Hogan, Humphrey, Hunter, Kerr, Le
Blond, Leftwich, Marshall, Niblaek, Nicholson, Sam-
uel J. Randall, Hitter, Ross, Taber, Trimble, Andrew
XI. Ward, Whaley, and Wright-27.
NAYS—Messrs, Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, Delosll. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Barker, Bax-
ter, Beaman, Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell, Bromwell,
Broomall, Buckland, ReaderW. Clarke,Cobb, Cook,
Darling, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Defrees, Delano,
Doming, Dodge. Donnelly, Eggleston, Grinnell, Hart,
Hawkins, Henderson, Higby, Hill, Holmes, Hotch-
kiss, ChosterD. Hubbard, DemasHubbard, James It.
Ilubbell, llulburd, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Kelso,
Ketcham, Kuykcndall, Laflm, Latham, George V.
Lawrence, \Villiam Lawrence, Loan, Longyear,
Lynch. Marvin, Maynard.MoClurg, McCullough, Mc-
ltucr, Meroar, Miller, Moorhcad, Morris, Moulton,
Mvers, O'Neill, Paine, Perham, Vholps, Pomeioy,
Price, WilliamII. Randall, Alexander il. Bice, John
11. lUce, Rollins, Sawyor, Schenck, Scofiekl, Shclla-
barger, Sloan, Starr, Stokes, Thayer, Francis Thomas,
John L. Thoimis, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, William B. Washburn,
Wolker, Wentworth, Williams, Jauies V. Wilson,
Windom, and Woodbridse—98.
NOT \ OT1NG—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Bnld-
win, Benjamin, Bidwell, Blow, Bundy, Chanler,
Sidney Clarke, Conkling, Cullorn, Culvor, Denison,
Bixon, Dr\gg«, Dumout, Kckley, Eldridgo, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Earquhar, Eerry, Garfield, Goodyear,
Griswold, Urtle, Abuor C. Harding, Harris, Hayes,
Hooper, Asnhel W. llubbaui, John 11, llubbard,
Kdwin N. Ilubbell, Ingcrsoll, Jonekes,.Tones, Koont?:,
Marston, Mclndoe, McKco, Morrill, Newell, Noell,
Oitli, Patterson, Piko, Plants, Radtord, Raymond,
Rogers, Rousaoau, Shanklin, Sitgreavos, Spalding,
Stevens. Stilwell, Strouso, Nathaniel G.Taylor. Nel-
son Taylor,Thornton, Van Aernam, Hamilton Ward,
Klihn IJ. Wasltbiuno, llonrv D. Washburn, Stophen
E. Wilson, and WinJiold—(55.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
that (he House take a recess for one hour.
Mr. ELDHUXJE. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to submit
a proposition to the House. I suggest that the
House adjourn now until the usual hour to-
morrow, and that the vote be taken upon the
pending proposition immediately after the read-
ing of the Journal.
Mr. KLDIMDGE. Wc have no objection to
that.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. We
agreed to that long ago.
Mr. MOORIiEAi). I object to it very
decidedly.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would move to
adjourn if we could have that understanding.
Mr. ELDU1DUE. We are willing to stand
to that agreement.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Is there objection
to the proposition I have submitted?
The SPKAKKR. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Moonm<:.u>J objects.
Mr. MOOIUIEAD. 1 object to any propo-
sition to adjourn to-night until we pass this bill.
Mr. SOOEIIOLD. 1 move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. MOORIIEAD. On that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays, and I call for tellers
on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Allow me to sub-
mit a proposition to the other side of the
House. 1 propose that wo adjourn now and
take the vote to-morrow immediately after the
reading of the Journal. [Cries from the Dem-
ocratic side of the House of "Agreed;** and
" Take it when you please.'']
Mr. SCOFIELD. I now insist on the mo-
tion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
fat eleven o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. ALLISON: The petition of John Reams
and 107 others, citizens of Sioux City, Iowa, praying
for the early completion of tho Sioux City Pacific
railroad as now located.
Also, petition of H. B. Williams and 67 others, cit-
izens of Hesper, Winneshiek county, Iowa, against
the contraction of the currency.
By Mr. BROMWELL: The petition of citizens of
Carroll, Vermillion county, Illinois, praying Con-
gress to pass no law for the curtailment of the
currency, Arc.
By Mr. CULLOM: Two petitions, signed by cit-
izens of McLean county, Illinois, asking Congress
to preven t the further contraction of the legal-tender
currency.
By Mr. DODGE: The concurrcnt resolutions of the
Legislature of New York, asking the continuance of
the Government ships now in use at quarantine for
use as hospitals.
By Mr. DONNELLY : A memorial of the Legis-
lature of the State of Minnesota, for arrant of land
to aid in tho construction of the Green Bay and Lako
Pepin railroad, in the State of Wisconsin.
Also, the memorial of the same, lor a mail route
from Richmond, in Stearns county, to Chippewa, in
Douglas county, in said State of Minnesota.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: Tho petition of John S.
McAndrew and 10 others, of New York city, praying
for reduction of duty on licorice.
By Mr. INGEltSOLL: The petition of James Mc-
Call and 100 others, citizens of Winona, Illinois, ask-
ing for the repeal of the law imposing a tax of five
per cent, on manufactures. «
By Mr. KOONTZ: A petition of fivo soldiers of the
war ot 1812, asking that they bo allowed pension#
from the dato of their discharge or muster out of ser-
vice.
By Mr. LAFLIN: Tho petition of L. Paddock, and
37 others, citizcns of Jefferson county, New York,
adverse to tho withdrawal of national bank currency
Iroin circulation.
By Mr. LONGYEAR: Tho petition of J. M. Par-
sons andl45others,citizensof Calhoun county, Mich-
igan, asking that the tax on manufactures may bo
removed.
By Mr. PLANTS: Tho petition of Christopher C.
Call an, Julius 8. McAllister, Robert E. Talbot, John
S. E. Thorn, John M. Palmor, T. J. Bicksler, and
others, lor an act to incorporate tho Temperance
Hall Association of Georgetown, District of Colum-
bia.
By Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts: Tho memorial
of the citizens of Newport, Rhodo Island, for loca-
tion of the United States Naval Academy near that
' By Mr. TTPSON : Tho petition of Alexander Cam-
eron and 111 others, citizens of Kahunaaoo county,
Michigan ; also of Murray it Finlcy and 52 others,
citizcns of Berrien county, Michigan, praying that
tho live per cent, tax on manulactures bo removed.
By Mr. AVINDOM: A memorial of tho Legisla-
ture of the State of Minnesota, for an appropriation
to improve tho navigation of the Minnesota river.
Also, a memorial tor the establishment of a mail
routo from Geneva, in tho county of Freeborn, to the
village of Freeborn, in said county.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 15, 1807.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. II. Gray.
On motion of Mr. OONNESS, and by unani-
mous consent, tho reading of tho Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
T1IE CONSTITUTIOXAL AMKNPMKNT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
resolutions of the Legislature of New York,
ratifying the amendment to the Constitution
of the United States proposed to the several
States by a joint resolution of Congress, passed
on the Huh of June, 1800, to be designated as
Article XIV of amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citizens
of Minnesota, praying the passage of the hill
(H. R. No. 718) to provide increased revenue
from imports, and for other purposes; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of citizcns of
Minnesota, remonstrating against any legisla-
tion calculated to depreciate the national cur-
rency ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. BQCKALEW presented a memorial of
the officers of the Polytechnic College of the
State of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
the repeal of the law which allows the import-
ation of books and maps intended for colleges,
and other literary institutions, free of duty;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. YATES presented a memorial of mem-
bers of the Legislative Assembly of Washing-
ton Territory, remonstrating against the re-
moval of Governor Pickering from the office
of Governor of that Territory ; which was
referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. SUMNER presented a memorial of the
French Canadians of the United States, remon-
strating against the proposed confederation
of the British Provinces of North America:
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
the United States residing in Illinois, praying
for such an amendment of the Constitution as
will more fully recognize the obligations of the
Christian religion; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HENDERSON. I present a petition
of certain citizens of Missouri, praying that
the negroes of the United States may be colo-
nized in Africa. I do not indorse the petition,
but I present it because I think these citizens
have a right to petition. I move that it lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mi*. ROSS presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Kansas, in favor of the adoption
of measures to secure the protection of the
frontier of that State by the establishment of
permanent military posts at some eligible points
between Fort Kearney and Fort Hasker ; which
were ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of the extinguish-
ment of the Indian title to lands in that State;
which were ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Virginia, praying that a territorial gov-
ernment may be established in that State in
place of the present State organization, and
that Hon. .1. C. Underwood may be appointed
provisional governor; which was referred to
the joint Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of an appro-
priation to aid in defraying the expenses of
forwarding articles to the Paris Exposition ;
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I present resolutions of
the Rhode Island Institute of Instruction, in
favor of the organization of a National Bureau
of Education. As the Committee on the Judi-
ciary have reported a bill to effect this object,
I ask that the resolutions lie on the table ; but
in order that they may go on the record of our
proceedings I desire to have them read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Rhode Island Institute or Instruction,
January 26, 1867.
Whereas it is tho earnest belief of this association
that universal education is a matter of vital national
concern, and that in a republican form of govern-
ment tho whole power of education is required for its
prosperity and progress; and whereas it is our unani-
mous opinion that the interests of education would
bo greatly piomotcd by the organization of a Na-
tional Bureau of Education which could render
needed assistance in the establishment of 'school
systems where they do notnow exist, and which would
also provo a potont moans for improving and vitaliz-
ing existing systems: Therefore,
licsolved. That the Senators from this State in the
national Congress be earnestly and respectfully
requested to endeavor to secure the passage of a bill
by tho United States Senato which shall provide for
the establishment of such a national educational
department as shall accomplish the purposes pro-
posed.
llesolved, That a copy of these preambles and res-
olutions be signed by tho pro&ident and secretary of
this association, and be transmitted to each of our
Senators at Washington.
THOMAS W. BICKNELL,
President.
Thomas B. Stockwell, Secretary.
The resolutions were ordered to lie on the
table.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of War,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 9th instant, a copy of the
report of the commission relative to improve-
ments at liock Island, Illinois; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia, and ordered to be pTinted.
survey,of upper mississippi.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
