1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
595
And yet in the midst of this condition of
things Andrew Johnson—one man, and a rash,
obstinate, impulsive man at that, in a Govern-
ment where the people rule through their rep-
resentatives, ana under a Constitution which
expressly defines the powers and limits the
duties of the Chief Magistrate, whose duty it is
to execute the laws, and -who has no part in
making them except to make suggestions to
Congress from time to time and to interpose
his veto in such matters as he may see proper-
assumed the direction and control of the most
momentous questions that may ever occur in
the life of this nation. His work of restoration
was therefore a work of usurpation, wholly
unwarranted and unauthorized by the Consti-
tution. But his plan for the readmission of
the rebel States was as wrong as his assumption
of jurisdiction over the question was illegal and
unconstitutional. What was it, and what is it
still? It is briefly this: that the act of seces-
sion on the part of those States being illegal,
and the rebellion having been put down, the
people in those States occupy the same position
they did before the war, and are at once entitled
to immediate representation in the Congress of
the United States. And in vindication of this
position we are triu mphantly asked by the Pres-
ident and his supporters, Did you not say that
a State cannot secede; that you were only
fighting to preserve the Union ? And now, hav-
ing succeeded in overthrowing the rebellion,
you are not willing to have the Union, but
insist on its disruption. True, we did say and
still believe that a State cannot secede, and
that we were contending solely for the preser-
vation of the Union, and thus far we shall have
no difference of opinion with you ; but as to the
question whether States that have rebelled, set
up a foreign government, tried to destroy the
old Government, waged a wicked war, and been
vanquished after a long and bloody struggle,
are entitled to stand precisely where they did
before the war, and participate in the Govern-
ment without any limitation or restriction im-
posed upon them, we do differ most widely.
It is contended by the supporters of the
President's policy that this is a government of
States, and that as no State has a right to
secede that it cannot after an unsuccessful
war against the General Government be pro-
hibited from exercising the rights of a State
in the Union. And further, that as ours is
a representative form of government, we are
doing violence to our institutions by prevent-
ing any part of the people from being rep-
resented in the Government. These I believe
are the main arguments relied upon by them
for the correctness of their position. Let us
examine them and see how far they have been
true to these principles. In the first place, the
argument that this is a Government of States,
and that the Union was only a confederacy of
States subject to be broken at the will of any
State, was the one used by the secessionists for
twenty-five years for the purpose of destroy-
ing the Union. They held that the State was
sovereign, that the Union was only a tempo-
rary convenience, and that the State might dis-
solve it at pleasure, and is it not singular that
now, having tried secession and failed, they en-
deavored to avail themselves of the very oppo-
site doctrine ? I hold that this doctrine is
incorrect in principle and utterly pernicious
and'destructive of the very ends of government
if carried out. It is nottrue that this is simply
a Government of States. That was the basis
upon which the old Union was formed and
held together under the Articles of Confeder-
ation, but the system was found to be so defect-
ive that it was soon done away with. The
States, acting upon the principle of their inde-
pendence, disregarded the power of the General
Government, and the latter was soon without
power or authority among the States and with-
out respect among other nations. The very
weakness of the General Government was what
occasioned the subsequent formation of the
Federal Government under which we live.
And, sir, while it is true that the Constitution
of the United States is the fundamental chart
by which we are to be governed, I contend
that our fathers did more than to limit by ex-
press words what the Government could or
could not do. When they created the Gov-
ernment of the United States they created a
nation which from the very necessities of its
creation and existence was entitled to powers
and rights as such which are not defined in the
Constitution. Among these is the right to do
all things necessary for its preservation as
such.
Had we not acted upon this principle we
would have been destroyed at the very outset
of the war, for we were then told that there
was no power and authority under the Con-
stitution to coerce a State. Is it not singular
that this doctrine of the power of the States
and the want of power in the Constitution to
coerce them was used both to destroy and
to create? By this sophistry they would have
permitted the States to destroy the Union
without molestation, because they told us there
was no power in the Constitution to coerce
them, and then when the States have been
vanquished after a severe struggle, we are told
that they still maintain their status under the
Constitution, and charge us with being dis-
unionists because we do not at once admit
them. To show not only the utter absurdity
but absolute danger there is in this wicked doc-
trine of State rights, it is necessary to inquire-
what constitutes a State and wherein is the
power for evil. A State is composed of three
things: first, a given area of territory; second,
a certain number of people ; and third, local
municipal law. It is manifest that the terri-
tory can do no harm, except in so far as it may
serve by natural defenses to aid the people in
their work of rebellion. The local municipal
law is the creature of the people, and can only
be made an instrument of danger to the Govern-
ment provided the people so will it. It follows,
then, that of these three necessary elements
that form a State, the only danger to be appre-
hended by the Government is from the people
that constitute the State.
But we are told that no matter what the mind
and heart of the people may be, no matter how
hostile they are, and how ready they may be
to destroy the General Government, and how
much they may have done to destroy it, through
the instrumentality of these lifeless corporations
called the States, they are entitled to hold all
the rights and privileges'of the peaceable and
loyal citizens of the Government. The whole
people of a State may rebel, the people of ten
States may rebel, and you have no power under
the Constitution of the United States to coerce
them because these indestructible things called
the States dare not be interfered with. The
people of those Stetes after a long and deso-
lating war may be overcome, and they are im-
mediately invested with all the rights of Amer-
ican citizens by the aid of these immutable cor-
porations called the States. Sir, that is the
doctrine of national ruin, of national death.
The people indignantly repudiated that doc-
trine at the beginning of the war; they repu-
diated it all through the war; and since the war
is over they have repudiated it by one of the
most sublime national verdicts ever recorded.
And although a plan for the restoration of
those States was agreed upon in the last ses-
sion of this Congress by the representatives of
the people, and was, together with the policy
of the President, submitted to the people for
their action in the late campaign, I look upon
the decision of the people rather as a condem-
nation of the President's policy than an ex-
pression of opinion in favor of the plan pro-
posed by Congress as the only way to settle our
national difficulties.
We have, therefore, this all-important ques-
tion before us, and are charged with the respon-
sibility of deciding it, enlightened and guided,
as we must be, by the overwhelming voice of
those who sent us here. The policy of the
President having been completely repudiated
by the people we are compelled to look for
some other mode of settlement that will be
consistent with the wishes of the great body
of the American people, and in harmony witli
those great principles of equal and exact jus-
tice that lie at the foundation of our Govern-
ment. And I do not propose, sir, to embarrass
myself with the consideration of the nice and
subtle distinctions that are now being made
in regard to whether those communities are
still States, or whether, having taken up the
sword and appealed to arms and been van-
quished, they are redu-ced to the condition of
Territories. For whether they are States or
Territories, I maintain that the jurisdiction of
the loyal States is full, ample, and complete
over the question of their admission into the
Union. If the doctrine as laid down by Vattel
be correct, that—
" A civil war breaks the bands of society and gov-
ernment, or at least suspends their force and effect;
it produces in the nation two independent parties,
who consider each other as enemies and acknowl-
edge no common judge. Those two parties, there-
fore, must necessarily be considered as thenceforward
constituting, at least for a time, two separate bodies,
two distinct societies. Though one of these parties
may have been to blame, in breaking the unity of
the State and resisting the lawful authority, they are
not the less divided in fact. Besides, who shall judge
them? Who shall pronounce on which side the right
or wrong lies? On earth they have no common supe-
rior. They stand, therefore, precisely in the same
predicament as two nations who engage in a contest,
and, being unable to come to an agreement, have
recourse to arms."—Vattel's Law of Nations, p. 425.
Then there can be no doubt as to our power
over the question. On the other hand, if that
rule does not apply, then I hold that the people
of these States, having overthrown their insti-
tutions and placed them in an attitude of
hostility to the Government, we as the con-
quering party have the right under that clause
of the Constitution which requires that each
State shall be guarantied a republican form of
government, to examine their forms of gov-
ernment and determine whether they are in
conformity to the Constitution. Tf we do not
possess this right, then all we did during the
war was wrong, and the rebel States would
have had the right to be represented in Con-
gress during the war, embarrassing us by their
votes in council as well as their guns in the
field. But President Johnson (if indeed a per-
son who has so completely swung around the
circle of opinion that he may be quoted upon
either side is entitled to be quoted at all as
authority) has distinctly recognized this right
when he demanded from them compliance with
certain conditions, before even he would recog-
nize their right to admission, and provided they
sent loyal representatives. I may inquire here
by what authority he imposes the last condition?
If they are entitled as States to representation
what power has he to limit their selection to
loyal representatives? Does not the fact that
he does so limit them upset his whole doctrine
of restoration? Whether as States or Terri-
tories, then, as we have the power to direct
upon what terms they shall be admitted, it
remains to be determined what is the safe way
out of the difficulties that now surround us.
In view of the great struggle that the nation
has passed through two things seem to be
necessary: first, to enact such legislation as
will best provide against like difficulties in the
future ; and second, to protect in every possible
way the people in the South who have been
true to the Union, without regard to their race
or color. Had the people in those States sig-
nified their willingness to accept the amend-
ments to the Constitution by this Congress,
we would have been bound in good faith to
accept them, but having rejected them it now
becomes our duty to enact such further legisla-
tion as will thoroughly protect all classes of
people. The amendments are necessary as
part of the work of reconstruction, declaring as
they do who are citizens of the United Stetes.
providing against an undue exercise of political
power on the part of any State by prohibiting
it from including in the basis of representation
any class of people who may be denied the
right of suffrage, excluding certain rebels trom
the right to hold office, and declaring the -na-
tional debt binding upon the nation, while for-
ever prohibiting the payment of any portion of
the debt contracted by the rebels. These pro-
