596
1SE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
visions are all wise and necessary; and as ithey
have been so fully discussed and sanctioned by
the great body of the American people I will
not dwell upon them here. But in addition to
them oiie thing more is needed, and that is, to
confer .the elective franchise upon all loyal men
in those States as provided in the fourth section
of the bill.
I believe that this should be done both as a
matter of right and expediency. In declaring
it to be a matter of , right I am aware that l
come in conflict with that class of people who
believe that this Government was erected ex-
clusively for the benefit of the white man. Sir,
there never was a more unsound, pernicious
doctrine proclaimed than that this is a white
man's Government. When the fathers of the
Revolution proclaimed the great principles enu-
merated in the Declaration of Independence,
thatall men were created free, that they were en-
tiled to certain inalienable rights, among which
were life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,
and that" Governments derive their justpowers
from the consent of the governed," they spoke
the voice of humanity, asserting its rights in
bold and manly termsafter centuries of cruelty,
oppression and misgovernment. Their plat-
form was no narrow, circumscribed one, but
broad enough to cover all creeds, all classes
and conditions of men, and whether thoroughly
understood by them and acted up to by them
or notj or whether understood and acted up to
by us m this generation or not, it will ever con-
tinue to inspire fresh hope in the heart of man-
kind, and will serve as the shibboleth of the
party of progress in its conflicts with error,
until every wrong done to humanity shall be
effaced, and the whole family of man be gov-
ernedby the same broad and generous principles
of justice, equality, and fraternity.
But if we are to be governed in our opin-
ions by the action of our fathers, then we
should extend the ballot to the freedmen; for
I believe it to be a fact that after the forma-
tion of the Government, in every State except
one the ballot was given to all free men of
color, thus showing that they recognized the
right of the colored man to the elective fran-
chise. I hold, however, that in a Government
where the people rule, every man who has a
stake in the Government should have the ballot
for his own protection. His property is liable
to taxation for the purpose of defraying the
expenses of the Government, his personal ser-
vices are demanded by the Government in time
of war; he is affected by the public legislation
of the country in his person and property,
then why should he be prohibited from having
a voice in the selection of his rulers ? The
great cry now raised by the advocates for the
immediate admission of the rebel representa-
tives is, that we are imposing taxation upon
them without representation, but they are not
willing to apply this principle to the four mil-
lion blacks who will now nave to bear their
share of the burden of the Government. On
the contrary, they would have representation
without taxation, for they seem exceedingly
anxious to represent these same four million
blacks whose taxes they do not pay. I claim
it further as a right to the black man because
he has been true to the Government in her late
struggle with trea n, while his master, with
all the advantages of education, intellectual
culture, the right of the ballot, and unlim-
ited political power in a country that had
known him only to bestow benefactions upon
him, proved a traitor, the poor, untutored,
illiterate slave, proved true to the country in
which he apparently had little to expect, its
highest judicial tribunal having declared that
he had no rights in the Government which a
white man was bound to respect.
But the black man is entitled to the ballot
as a matter of protection against the very men
who for four years have been in arms to de-
stroy the Government. While you may dis-
franchise leading traitors, the great body of
them will still be permitted to exercise the
elective franchise, and as time rolls on and the
passions and feelings of this generation are
tempered by lapse of time they, too, may be
restored to that right. We have seen enough
to satisfy even the most skeptical that there
exists in the minds of the rebels a deep-seated
hatred against the colored race because they
would not identify themselves with the cause
of their masters. They have shown it in the
legislation enacted since the overthrow of the
rebellion, by which they have introduced sla-
very in everything except the name. Sir, it is
a solemn, imperative duty that this nation owes
to its colored people to protect them against
their and the country's foes.^. It would be a
burning, lasting disgrace to the nation were it,
to hand them over to their enemies. I know of
no way in which this protection can be better
given than by extending to them the elective
franchise. Civil rights bills, Freedmen's Bu-
reau bills, and all kindred measures will fail so
long as they can be evaded by local legislation;
but place the ballot in the hands of the black
man and you give him that which insures him
respect as well as protection. You send him
forth armed with the panoply of the American
citizen, wielding that most powerful of all wea-
pons, the ballot—
" Which falls
Like snow-flakes fall upon the sod,
Yefc executes a freeman's will.
As lightning does the will of God."
Sir, thus much for the right involved in the
question of extending the ballot to freedmen.
A few suggestions as to the expediency of it
and I am done. I may suggest that in that vast
population so lately in armed hostility to the
Union it could scarcely be expected that in
heart and mind they could for many years to
come be friendly to the Government which
they have just tried to destroy. As a counter-
poise to this hostile element introduced into the
Government ,will be the infusion into it of the
steady patriotism and blind faith of the black
population, balancing so much loyalty against
so much disloyalty. The bestowal of the elect-
ive franchise to the freedman would have a
tendency to elevate him and raise him above
the condition that his recent release from sla-
very has left him in. And should we not rather
strive to elevate than depress so large a number
of people, constituting, as they do, nearly one
seventh of the entire population of the country ?
Will not the nation be more benefited by th«
'moral, religious, and political improvement of
this large class of people than by permitting
them to remain in a state of ignorance and help-
lessness? And what can be better calculated
to infuse hope into the mind, elevate the under-
standing, and enlighten the conscience of the
freedman, than to invest him with all the rights,
duties, and responsibilities of an American citi-
zen? 1 am not willing to believe, sir, that the
elevation of this poor, unfortunate race of peo-
ple will tend to degrade the white race, but am
rather inclined to think that as they rise in the
scale of intelligence so will the white race ad-
vance to a greater degree of improvement.
But it is expedient in another point of view,
and that is as a final and complete settlement of
the negro question. Since the formation of the
Government the condition of the negro has been
the vexed question in our polities. The war
worked his release from bondage, and with it
came the question of his right to citizenship
and the ballot. It has been truly said that
unsettled questions leave no repose, and espe-
cially is this the case in a Government where
all questions must stand the test of public dis-
cussion. And with the negro asserting his
rights, with the mighty intellectual power in
the North arrayed upon his side, and with
public sentiment fast drifting in that direction,
its settlement cannot long be deferred. Sir,
confcr this right, and not only does the agita-
tion of the question cease, but you approxi-
mate nearer to the great fundamental principles
upon which our Government rests; the great
disturbing element is removed from our body-
politic, and our institutions will be in harmony
with the ideas and principles upon which they
were founded. I have no fears in extending this
privilege to the black man. I would infinitely
rather trust the ballot to the black man who
shouldered a musket to defend his Govern-
ment than to the white traitor who tried to
destroy it. The enfranchisement of black loy-
alists and disfranchisement of certain rebels,
or rather suffrage upon a loyal basis, will be
the surest protection to the loyal whites of the
South. Unless they are reeuforced by the ad-
dition of the loyal black element it is perfectly
manifest that they will be subjected to rebel
rule. In fact, that whole section is almost as
completely dominated over by rebel authority
as when Lee's battalions held undisputed sway
over it. There to have been loyal to the Gov-
ment is to be subjected to the scorn and hatred
of the rebels, and in many sections life itself
is endangered by reason of their intense hatred
against Unionists.
The voice of the loyal whites of the South,
who have suffered every conceivable wrong ou
account of their fidelity to the Union, comes
to us demanding in thunder tones that w&
shall so reconstruct this Government that its
friends, and not its enemies, shall rule. We
would be untrue to them, untrue to the mar-
tyred dead, untrue to ourselves and to poster-
ity, if we disregard their admonitions. Sir,
the great duty rests upon us to finish the work
which was not completed by warfare. The
shackles of four million slaves were melted by
the fierce fires of civil war; but the,animus of
slavery, its passions and prejudices, yet remain.
It is our duty so to legislate as to remove the
last relic of a barbarism that would have suited
the dark ages, and to conform our institutions
to the advanced condition to which we have
been brought by the mighty revolution just
ended. And when this shall have been done
the great Republic, freed from the dark stain
. of human slavery, will start upon her mission
to promulgate, by precept and example, the
immutable and eternal truth of the equality of
man, and before whose resistless march king-
doms and empires, principalities and powers,
and all the systems built upon caste and creed
for the oppression of man, will be swept from
the face of the earth, and be known no more
forever.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, as the con-
federate population, five or six million in num-
bers, is to remain in this country and to some
extent shape its destiny, it is all-important that
we so reconstruct the Union that this popula-
tion may become an element of strength rather
than of weakness to the Republic. Powerful
as we are we can hardly afford to allow a pop-
ulation so large, brave, and reckless to settle
down into chronic discontent—forever to be to
America what Ireland is to Great Britain, Po-
land to Russia, or Hungary to Austria—an
ever-ready element of revolution. To avoid
this result is the avowed purpose of both
political parties; but strange to say, with the
same professed end in view, they start outupon
paths leading in quite opposite directions. The
Republicans claim that the Union can be best
preserved by removing the causes of discon-
tent and thus extinguishing the motives to dis-
union, while the Democrats think the Union
can be best preserved by tolerating, conciliat-
ing, and fostering the errors and wrongs from
which disunion sprang.
For instance, the preservation of slavery was
the original motive for secession. To destroy
this motive the Republicans propose to abolish
and the Democrats to foster slavery. Acting
upon their theory, and anticipating the final
overthrow of the rebellion, the Republicans be-
gan early in the war the removal of its cause.
They prohibited the extension of slavery, abol-
ished it in the District of Columbia, forbade
the return of slaves by the Army, repealed the
fugitive slave law, supported Fremont's, Hun-
ter's, and Phelps' partial and Mr. Lincoln's
more general proclamation of freedom, and
finally by an amendment of the Constitution
prohibited it everywhere and forever. Thus it
was hoped that when the rebellion should be
suppressed no conflicting interest would be
left, about which the North and South could
quarrel. There appeared, however, to be a
lingering hope in the minds of the late masters
