1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1361
amendment had been adopted; but I am very
desirojis to do what I suppose would be done
by the adoption of that amendment, to improve
the bill. I therefore, if I am at liberty, offer
that amendment myself, and on it call for a
division.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Maryland
will be read.
The Secretary read the proposed amendment,
which was to insert as an additional section
the following:
And be it further enacted. That when the constitu-
tional amendment proposed as article fourteen by
the Thirty-Ninth Congress shall have become a
part of the Constitution of the United States, and
when any one of the late so-called confederate States
shall have given its assent to the same, and con-
formed its constitution and laws thereto in all re-
spects, and when it shall have provided by its con-
stitution that the elective franchise shall be enjoyed
by all male citizens of the United States, twenty-ono
years old and upward, without regard to race, color,
or previous condition of servitude, except such as
may be disfranchised for participating in the late
rebellion, or for felony at common law, and when
said constitution shall have been submitted to the
voters of said State, as thus defined, for ratification
or rejection, and when the constitution, if ratified by
the vote of the people of said State, shall have been
submitted to Congress for examination and approval,
said State shall, if its constitution be approved by
Congress, be declared entitled to representation in
Congress, and Senators and Representatives shall be
admitted therefrom on their taking the oath pre-
scribed by law, and then and thereafter the preced-
ing seetions of this bill shall be inoperative in said
State.
Mr. STEWART. I regret exceedingly that
the Senator from Oregon has changed his mind
with regard to this amendment, and has not
offered it as he proposed to do yesterday.
The military bill without that, it seems to me,
is an acknowledgment that after two years of
discussion and earnest thought we are unable
to reconstruct and are compelled to turn the
matter over to the military. It seems to me
that the people of the United States want and
demand something more than a military gov-
ernment for the South. It seems to me that
the emphatic vote that they gave last fall indi-
cates that they desire that the programme
which Congress agreed upon should be carried
out. It seems to me that they desire and
demand that there shall be some voting; that
somebody in the South shall have the right to
vote. I am still in favor of universal suffrage
as soon as it can be obtained, and universal
amnesty whenever it is practicable and advan-
tageous. I am aware that the southern States
do not stand in the same position that they did
twelve months ago. 1 regret that we cannot
do for them what we would have done_ for them
then. But Congress did pass a certain consti-
tutional amendment, and several Senators have
stated upon this floor during this session that
if that amendmenthad been adopted they would
have regarded it as a finality. 1 myself wanted
something more'; I wanted impartial suffrage
in the South. I do not believe that we can
reconstruct in the South until the people of
the South are invested with power there. The
amendment to this bill which was proposed by
the Senator from Oregon last night has been
drawn with remarkable care. It embodies all
that any one has heretofore demanded, and in
order that it may be better understood I pro-
pose for one moment to call the attention of
the Senate to this very concise and well drawn
and comprehensive amendment. The first
clause provides for the adoption of
The constitutional amendment proposed as article
fourteen by the Thirty-Ninth Congress of the United
States.
That constitutional amendment provides for
all the guarantees we asked for last year. _ It
did not and does not satisfy me on the question
of suffrage; but it excluded from office a large
class of rebels and provided for the security
of the national debt; it provided for equal
rights; it went a great way to accomplish the
demands of the country, and has been emphat-
ically indorsed. This amendment proposes
that when that article shall have become a
part of the Constitution—
And when any one of thelate so-called confederate
States shall have given its assent to the same, and
39th Cong. 2d Sbss.—No. 86.
conformed its constitution and laws thereto in all
respects—
This, without the further conditions, is a com-
pliance with all the conditions that were de-
manded last year literally.
The amendment proceeds as follows:
And when it shall have provided by its constitution
that the elective franchise shall be enjoyed by all
male citizens of the United States, twenty-one years
old and upward, without regard to race, color, or
previous condition of servitude, except such as may
be disfranchised for participating in rebellion, or for
felony at common law.
This is an additional requirement which is
fundamental, and which is more valuable than
the entire constitutional amendment; for it
places the power in the hands of the people.
This is something that was not demanded last
year. This amendineut says to the people of
the South, "You must go further; you must not
only adopt the constitutional amendment, but
in regard to suffrage you mast make all men
equal"—a great step; and it is one of the great
guarantees. I have said before, and it is mani-
fest to everybody, that we must either give to
all men in the South the ballot or we must
resort to the military. I have seen that for the
last two years; and because we did not give
the ballot, because we did not meet the issue
last year squarely, we are now called upon to
give them military protection. I knowthat one
or the other is inevitable. I am willing to give
them military rule until they will take the ballot.
I see no other course. The amendment fur-
ther provides:
And when said Constitution shall have been sub-
mitted to the voters of said State as thus defined for
ratification or rejection, and when the Constitution,
if ratified by the vote of the people of said State,
shall have been submitted to Congress for examina-
tion and approval, said State shall, if its constitution
shall be approved by Congress, be declared entitled
to representation, and Senators and Representatives
shall be admitted therefrom on their taking the oath
prescribed by law, and then and thereafter the pre-
ceding sections of this bill shall be inoperative in
said State.
Now, I submit to Senators, are you anxious
to continue military law in any southern State
after that State shall have complied with the
conditions that you yourselves laid down last
year, and shall have complied with the condi-
tions that humanity makes now and ever has
made, that all men shall be enfranchised ? Do
you want any more of the military ? You say
this military bill is only an experiment, it is
only provisional, it is only to last for a short
time. That has always been the history of
military bills; they were always temporary in
the beginning; but suppose the President of
the United States hereafter, or the next Presi-
dent, if you please, should like the bill, and
should veto your measure repealing it; or sup-
pose a bare majority in one House of Congress
should like it, then you could not repeal it. It
may be years after you desire to get rid of it
before you can do so. Now, I say while you
use the military for temporary purposes, give
the people of the South a chance to comply
with all the requirements which you propose
to make. If in the Blaine amendment (as it
is called) there are not sufficient guarantees,
not enough conditions, put in more, and make
it sufficient. When you use the military, use it
for the purpose of securing civil government,
and say that it is your object to attain the civil
government, and avow your purpose in using
military force. Do not acknowledge that you
are unequal to the task, and that after two
years of consideration here you can do noth-
ing but turn it over to the military because
the question is too difficult for you. I say I
am willing to meet this question ; lam in favor
of the constitutional amendment which_ Con-
gress settled upon last year, although it did
not then suit me in all respects. I am in favor
of that now, and I am in favor of more. Since
the South have refused to accept that I think
we have a right to require more, and I now
insist upon the additional guarantee of univer-
sal manhood suffrage.
Mr. HOWE. I rise to ask if the unfinished
business of yesterday is not in order at this
hour?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the
rule the Chair thinks it is.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the Senator
from Nevada be allowed to proceed and finish
1x3 s r6ni€trlcs
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 173) for the relief of Ober,
Nanson & Co., merchants of New York.
Mr. HOWE. I did not understand the prop-
osition of the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I wish to move that the
Senator from Nevada be permitted to proceed
until he finishes his remarks.
Mr. HOWE. And that the special order be
laid aside?
Mr. SPRAGUE. For that purpose.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understood that the
pending and all prior orders were postponed
to take up House bill No. 1143.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That was
the vote of the Senate during the morning
hour; but this joint resolution, being the unfin-
ished business of yesterday, was no.t then in
order; and it was not postponed at that time
by the vote of the Senate postponing all prior
orders, for it was not then in order. Accord-
ing to the practice of the Senate, at the expira-
tion of the morning hour the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is regularly in order.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I dislike very much to
interpose, as I know the business which the
Senator from Wisconsin has in charge, but I
must insist that we continue the bill which is
under discussion; and I make a motion now
that the present order  
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Wisconsin give way to the Sen-
ator from Oregon?
Mr. HOWE. I do not understand for what
purpose 1 am asked to give way.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That I may make a mo-
tion that the present order be postponed, and
that we continue the consideration of House
bill No. 1143.
OBER, NANSON AND COMPANY.
Mr. HOWE. No; I cannot give way for
that motion. This joint resolution was in
order last night. The Senate proceeded at nine
o'clock in the evening to take it under con-
sideration. It is a joint resolution which has
received the assent of the House of Represent-
atives. It is a joint resolution which the Com-
mittee on Claims of the Senate have recom-
mended to the consideration of the Senate.
Upon a vote of the Senate it was taken up last
night at about nine o'clock. There were no
great public measures then pressing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to suggest
that I think the Senator is mistaken. The bill
was moved by the Senator himself, and during
its reading the Senator from Iowa moved to
adjourn, and the motion was carried.
Mr. HOWE. And that is the joint resolu-
tion which is now before the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A private claim ?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. E'ESSENDEN. I thought the Senator
was speaking about the ship-canal bill.
Mr. HOWE. Not at all. There were no
great public measures then pressing upon the
attention of the Senate. We had abundant
time to consider this measure. The joint reso-
lution, however, was no sooner read than the
Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] interposed a
motion that the Senate adjourn, declaring that
he did not intend to have the Senate spend its
time hearing such cases as this. There was
no opportunity of course to explain the reso-
lution. There was no possibility of resisting
the motion. The Chair, then occupied by a
gentleman not now occupying it, declared that
motion carried, and the Senate left >n very
mueh of a hurry. .
Now, Mr. President, I do not like to rest
contentedly under the imputation of urging
the Senate to consider measures that are not
fit to be heard, that are not proper even to be
explained. It is a gross imputation upon me;
it is a gross imputation upon the Committee
