THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
people; that has been tried and failed. Not
By executive patronage, that has failed also.
Not by corrupting Congress, for his old lobby-
ist is powerless here. No. sir; he meditates
the seduction of another old man who happens
to hold the balance of power in the Supreme
Court; vague rumors of a mission to England
are afloat. The Secretary seems to think that
a man who can betray his constituents and
misrepresent his State will make a good mis-
representative of the nation abroad ; and why
not send a second champion of his theory to
flaunt his soiled ermine at the court of St.
James and negotiate treaties for the payment
of confederate cotton bonds or a release of
claims for the piracies of the Alabama ?
.'"But his judge must have something to stand
upon. The courts follow precedents and the
Rhode Island case stands in the way. This
question is there held to be a political one, to
be decided by the political department, of the
Government. Eventually he will insist that
this decision has been made and made in his
favor. To meet this emergency he is now and
has been for some time preparing his facts.
The emancipation amendment was agreed to
by twenty-three States out of the twenty-five
then in the Union—many more than the num-
ber required for its adoption; but in his proc-
lamation he chose to omit from his count a
portion -of these States and add seven con-
federate communities to make the number
required by his construction. There is a pre-
cedent for his judge. So he submitted with-
out authority to these same communities the
amendment now under consideration to be
acted on by them in the capacity of States.
There is another precedent. The Interior is
prompted to issue agricultural land scrip which
can only be given to States in the Union, and
the Treasury and Post Office Departments are
ordered out of their line of duties to make
some small recognition of these communities
as States. These will make so many more pre-
cedents for his judge.
The Secretary first declares they are States,
treats them as States, procures other Executive
Departments to do likewise, and then cites his
acts and declarations to enable a willing judge
to decide that they are States, and thus launch
into the heart of the Republic a confederate
shell with fuse still burning by a single twitch
of his gown.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, I simply wish
to ask the honorable gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, whether this House did not adopt a res-
olution making it the duty of Mr. McPhersox,
its Clerk, to forward the very constitutional
amendment about which he is arguing to the
different States lately in rebellion before he
knew the Secretary of State had forwarded it?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not recollect any
such action of the House. But if sent to them
by us it was only to allow them an opportunity
to prove their loyalty by giving it their assent.
In the preamble to the bill readmitting Ten-
nessee their assent to this amendment is recited,
among other things, as evidence of the loyalty
of the government de facto, and as a reason
for legitimatizing it and admitting it into the
Union. For this purpose we of course desired
them to have a copy, but, unlike the Secretary
of State, we did not expect that the assent of
these communities would fasten this amend-
ment upon the country without the concurrence
of three fourths of the adhering States, nor that
their dissent would defeat it if that, concurrence
was had.
The Secretary is clever in work of this kind.
An English nobleman was at one time exhibit-
ing his kennel to an American friend, and pass-
ing by many of his showiest bloods they came
upon one that seemed nearly used up. "This,"
said the nobleman, " is the most valuable
animal in the pack although he is old, lame,
blind, and deaf." "How is^that?" inquired
the visitor. The nobleman explained: "His
education was good, to begin with, and his
wonderful sense of smell is still unimpaired.
We only take him out to catch the scent and
put the puppies on the track and then return
him to the kennel." Do not suppose that I
intend any comparison between the Secretary
of State and that veteran hunter. Such a com-
parison would be neither dignified nor truth-
ful, because the Englishman went on to say:
" I have owned that dog for thirteen years,
and hard as he looks he never bit the hand
that fed him, nor' barked on a false trail."
[Laughter and applause on the floor and in the
galleries, promptly checked by the Speaker.]
I would inquire of the Chair if my time has
expired.
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. STEVENS, (in his seat.) The Chair
called you to order for doing injustice to the
dog. [Renewed laughtec.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I mistook the fall of the
hammer for a notice to quit. However, I
have but little more to add. The charge is
often made here and elsewhere that the Repub-
lican policy of reconstruction leads to disinte-
gration rather than reunion. In reply to that
charge I am endeavoring to show that its tend-
ency is to harmonize and cement the Union.
I follow this narrow line of argument because
it has fallen to others to discuss that policy in
connection with the abstract principles of re-
publican government, justice, religion, human-
ity, and civilization already.
When interrupted I was going on to say that
the Secretary, in his efforts to baffle the Union
policy of the Republican party, will even claim
that his guerrilla governments have the implied
sanction of Congress. For more than a year
these organizations have usurped the control
of public affairs in their several localities and
systematically oppressed and persecuted the
Union people there. For more than a year
we have been inactive, if not silent witnesses
of these usurpations. We have taken no steps
to suppress them nor to provide the people
with constitutional governments. The exist-
ing ones are only the confederate governments
revived—rmore oppressive, malignant, and re-
sentful, under the feeble restraints of a cowed
opponent, than under the iron rule of the con-
federate president himself. The despotism
and barbarities of Davis were not wanton.
They had a purpose—the success of the con-
federate cause. The "stern statesman" al-
lowed no further license: but under the Seward
dynasty lynching and murder has become a
pastime. Better by far for the Union men of
the South if their governments were again
placed under the restraining despotism of Jef-
ferson Davis. At least he would not allow help-
less and unoffening people to bo mobbed and
murdered for no confederate or public purpose.
How much longer shall we turn a deaf ear
to the cry of the oppressed? How much
longer shall we stand here and see the brave
men who for four years, amid obloquy, per-
secution, imprisonment, and torture, refused
to forswear the flag, now when that flag is
triumphant, in part through their sufferings,
driven from their homes or shot down in the
streets like dogs ? If we thus meanly desert
our friends the rebels themselves will despise
us. But how about the Secretary, his cunning,
his precedents, and his judges? They are not
to be feared. They may protract our national
trouble and delay the restoration of the Union
a little longer; but that is all. The people
have concluded that the best way to harmonize
and cement the Union is to bury whatever is
left of slavery and confederate nationality in
a common grave; and it will be done. The
Nile may be dammed with bulrushes, but the
just, benignant, and well-considered purpose
of a forty-million nation cannot be turned
aside by the tinkle of one old man's bell nor
the rustle of another's gown. For one I am
ready for the vote.
Mr. WARD addressed the House. [His
remarks will be found in the Appendix.] At
the conclusion of his remarks he said: 1 yield,
as I have promised, the remaining portion of
my time to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. LE BLOND. Mr. Speaker, I have
changed my purpose, and now conclude not to
make any remarks on this subject, but will
defer what I have to say till the bill in refer-
ence to the Electoral Colleges, introduced by
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, is
taken up.
Mr. PLANTS. Mr. Speaker, I have not
trespassed upon the time of the House with
much speaking since I have had the honor of
a seat here; but in view of the transcendent
importance of the questions now under consid-
eration I propose to state briefly some of the
reasons for the votes I am about to give.
When, at the last session, Congress adopted
and sent to the States for their ratification the .
proposed amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, I understood it to be done in
good faith, as a basis of reconstruction; and
that when ratified in like good faith by the dis-
organized States, Representatives from such
States having the qualifications required by
said amendment should be admitted. Upon
that understanding I voted for the amendment,
and also for the admission of Tennessee, she
having complied with the terms. That, sir,
was my understanding at the time. That it
was likewise the understanding of my State is
proved by the fact that the Union convention
of Ohio adopted that amendment as the sole
platform of the party upon that subject. Upon
that platform, so adopted and indorsed, I ac-
cepted a renomination to the Fortieth Congress,
and in a very full canvass before the people of
my district it was made the text of every speech
during the campaign. Upon that issue, fairly
and distinctly made, the people rendered their
verdict. I do not assume to speak for others,
but I do know that the people of my district,
and I believe of my State, did emphatically
indorse that amendment as the basis of recon-
struction, conditioned, of course, upon its ac-
ceptance by the unrepresented States and the
conforming of their constitutions and laws to its
provisions. And, sir, I stand by that platform
to-day, and so far as I am advised I believe
the people of my district and State are yet
willing to abide by that understanding.
Mr. Speaker, that amendment may not, in
all respects, be all that the people would have
desired, or the best plan that could have been
devised. But satisfied that it was the very best
thing practicable, as being the only scheme
upon which all the Union members could be
brought to unite, and good in itself as far as it
went, I accepted and supported it in good
faith, both here and before the people. But I
everywhere stated that if the people of the
rebel States should madly refuse to accept the
terms thus offered—terms of unparalleled mag-
nanimity—that then I would feel myself released
from all express or implied obligation created
thereby, and free to adopt such other measures
as the exigencies of the country might demand.
Mr. Speaker, the action of the controlling
element of those States has made it manifest
that they have not only refused to accept the
more than generous terms proposed, but have
rejected them with contumely, and with the
haughty and insulting bravado of assumed su-
periority demand that the nation shall submit
to such terms as they shall dictate. I am pre-
pared, therefore, to take the step in advance.
But in doing so I do not repudiate the amend-
ment or intend to supersede it by the action
about to be taken. For while by the action
of the rebels themselves it has ceased to be
practicable, as the basis of settlement, it is
still of vital importance to our future security
as conforming our Constitution to the changed
circumstances of the country resulting from
the rebellion. I therefore hope and trust that
that amendment will yet be ratified by the
States having a ri^ht to act upon it, and thus
become a part ol our fundamental law, not
now as the only basis of reconstruction, but
as right and important when reconstruction
shall have been consummated. And I am now
ready for further action.
' But, sir, while I sympathize fully with the
purpose sought to be accomplished by the au-
thors of the bill and the substitute now tinder
consideration. I am free to say that I am not
'fully satisfied with either. I shall, therefore,
