600
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
any such absurdities. If asked again if I ex-
pect a perpetual sectional antagonism between
the North and the South, I answer unhesita-
tingly that I do not. I do expect the antago-
nism between the loyal and disloyal elements
to continue, but not that- between the sections.
If the South was as densely populated as Ire-
land—if au overcrowded population was for-
cing emigrants out of the country, instead of
its vast unoccupied territory inviting immigra-
tion to it—I say frankly I would have no hope
of the future. It is, sir, because there is abun-
dant room for a population of two hundred
millions in the section whieh now contains but
twelve, and nearly one half of them loyal, that
I look not only with hope but with confidence
to the future. Settle this question of recon-
struction ;■ take the murderous weapons from
"the hands and the local governments from the
control of the rebels; make it safe to do so, and
there will be such an immigration to the South
as the world never saw. And it is on this immi-
gration I build all my hopes.
Of the ten millions in the unrepresented
States nearly four millions are negroes, and
all loyal. Of the whites I think it is safe to
assume that two millions are friendly to the
Government, leaving but four millions of the
disloyal element; and a considerable fraction
of these, for the sake of peace and security,
would quietly acquiesce and gradually come
to a tacit if not cordial support of the Union
and the Constitution. This would leave*not
more than three millions of a hostile, rebel-
lious, and dangerous population. But of this
number not more probably than four hundred
thousand are males of mature age. Settle
the question permanently, and not one will ever
be added to their present number. On the
contrary, with the extinction of all hope of
ruling the nation or of disrupting it the num-
ber will rapidly diminish. The old will die,
and the ambitious will leave the scene of their
humiliation, and left without their leaders the
great mass of the remainder will give no serious
trouble. This is one side of the picture. Let
us look a moment at the other side.
These States embrace the garden-spot of
this continent, if not of the world. The sun
shines upon no equal area so favored in every
respect as this. It has a climate varied, salu-
brious, genial, and healthy beyond compari-
son with any other, and suited to all tastes and
all conditions. It has a soil as varied, and pro^
lific in all the agricultural products which give
sustenance, luxury, and wealth to its cultiva-
tors. It has mineral resources of unimagina-
ble richness waiting development. It has
mountains pillared up with copper and iron
and coal, while they are underflowed with salt
and petroleum and covered with forests of
valuable timber. It has broad valleys watered
by beautiful rivers, and water-power which if
properly employed might weave and forge for the
world. It has thousands of miles of ocean and
gulf coast indented with bays and harbors, the
inevitable seats of an undreamed-of commerce.
And this natural Eden invites to its bowers
the immigrants from all lands.
In looking back to the settlement of our
western Territories and their erection into
States and incorporation into the Union, the
imagination itself becomes staggered at the
result. Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Mis-
souri, Iowa, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Kansas,
California, Oregon, Nevada, Nebraska, Colo-
rado, and our free Territories, have all, within
the memory of living men, been redeemed from
the wilderness, clothed with cultivation, dotted
over with cities, and checkered with railroads.
The very air has become tremulous with the mu-
sic of machinery, and every avenue is crowded
with commerce. The busy millions of the
ever-increasing population occupy homes of
comfort and elegance, while churches, schools,
academies, and colleges mark as mile-stones
the very by-paths of the land. Whence, sir,
this miracle of population and development?
Immigration and its natural increase answers
the question. Have the sources of this mighty
immigration been dried up? No! they are in-
creasing, and the condition of the Old World, as
well as portions of the New, make it certain
that" these streams will be greatly augmented in
the future.
Hitherto %is immigration has been diverted
from the South by the curse of slavery before
the war and by the "reign of terror" that
has been kept up by the rebels since. Give
the pledge of security and it will flow to the
South as it never did to the West. Give them
assured protection, and from the farms and
workshops and manufactories and marts of
trade and commerce of the old States and of
Europe I will guaranty in five years an addi-
tion of five millions to the loyal population of
those States—a number quite sufficient to over-
shadow the disloyal element and reconstruct,
not the political institutions alone, but the
social life of the South. With this immigration
will come the capital, the intelligence, the en-
terprise which have'characterized the like class
in the East, the North, and the West. Social
intercourse, commercial and business relations,
and varied reciprocal interests will thus be es-
tablished. A free press, free speech, and free
schools will necessarily follow. These will
assimilate the society there to that of the loyal
States, and thus blotting out forever the insane
sectionalism that, fostered by slavery, has
hitherto been the bane and curse of our coun-
try, we will become in fact a homogeneous
people. And here, sir, opens to the imagina-
tion a vision of future glory that from want of
time I leave with some regret. Each one,
however, can fill up the picture for himself.
But with the hope that its realization may not
be prevented by our want of concert, I shall
vote for this measure.
A word, Mr. Speaker, upon another element
of this great problem, and I have done. It
need not be denied that many good and true
men are greatly embarrassed in their action in
view of what is to be the future of the African
race in this country. It would not be candid
to say that this problem is of easy solution from
the stand-point of many gentlemen. But it is
a problem that I do not intend to discuss at
any length in this connection. Time, if noth-
ing else, forbids it. The unsettled question
of the equality of races may, for a thousand
years to come, form the theme of the philoso-
pher in his study, as it has for a thousand years
in the past; but legislation can hardly wait for
its settlement. Wrhether the negro is physi-
cally or mentally equal to the white race is not
the question here. But the real question which
I affirm, is, that each race, and each individ-
ual, has a natural, inherent, and equal right to
the full and free exercise of whatever faculties
he may possess, restrained only so far as to
prevent the violation of the equal right of every
other person, and that by impartial law. I
would establish such a law, and let every one
work out his own destiny. I would strike
"black" and "white" alike from all laws,
making our legislation to descend, like the
dews and the rains and the sunshine of our
common Father, upon all, and with a like
impartialty. This I honestly believe would in
a very short time solve all difficulties. But for
the sake of those who honestly fear a contest
between the races or the possible supremacy
of the negro, I will but suggest the fact that of
the thirty-six millions of our population, not
more than four millions at most belong to this
long-oppressed race. Admit their inferiority
to the dominant race if it be so, and what is
the danger of throwing over them the mantle
of impartial law? Weak in numbers, wholly
without wealth, devoid of influence, where is
the danger? But the disparity in numbers will
increase from year to year. The negroes will
have no accession to their number by immigra-
tion ; while the white race, like a great reser-
voir, is receiving such accessions by millions.
In the struggle of life the natural increase of
the whites will far exceed the ratio of the
blacks. Indeed many, and especially those
whose prejudices are strongest against them,
believe that the colored race will die out; that
it is in fact now in the process of extinction. I
do not myself look for such a result, but I do
not look for any rapid increase of the race in
this country.
We have to-day a white population of at
least thirty millions. That number will be
doubled in less than twenty-five years, while
the increase of the negroes will be in no such
ratio. With absolute confidence in the result
I here predict and place it. upon the record
that twenty-five years hence the white race in
the United States will number sixty millions,
with a corresponding increase in wealth and
power, while the colored race will not exceed
six millions. Why then disturb ourselves with
apprehensions which must, in the very nature
of the case, be purely imaginary?
If I am asked why I so contend for the rights
of this race if it is to bear so insignificant a
part in the future of our conptry, I reply that
it is not because they are negroes nor wholly
for their sake that I so contend. It is because
I believe there is an all-embracing and super-
intending Providence over the concerns of men
and nations who looks with the same paternal
regard upon all Ilis children; and that no in-
dividual or class or race can, under His gov-
ernment, disregard the rights of others but
upon the irreversible condition in some form,
" With whatsoever measure ye mete it shall be
measured to you again."
I now yield the residue of my time to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Miller.]
Mr. MILLER. The gentleman from Ohio
yields to me the remaining portion of his time.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. There are other members
who wish to speak, and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is speaking in the time of the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GRINNELL. Does anybody want to
go on now?
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows of four or
five who wish to speak on Monday. [Laughter. ]
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania gives notice he will ask for a vote on
Monday.
The SPEAKER. For that reason the Chair
desires to hear as many made to-day as pos-
sible.
Mr. GRINNELL. I withdraw the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. MILLER. I offer this amendment:
Andbe it further enacted. That no such State shall
be admitted to a representation in Congress until it
also ratifies the amendment to the Constitution of
the United States which has been proposed by two-
thirds of both Houses of the Thirty-Ninth Congress
and submitted to the respective States for ratification.
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer pre-
vents any amendment being now offered.
Mr. MILLER. I understand the gentleman
who has charge of the bill does not object to
the amendment.
The SPEAKER. It will be in order when
the motion to refer is withdrawn if the previous
question be not called.
Mr. MILLER addressed the House. [His
speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. KERR obtained the floor.
CLERKSHIP OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. BLAINE. With the permission of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerk] I wish to
submit a question for the consideration of the
Speaker. In the early part of the last session
the House adopted the following resolution;
" JResoIved, That the select committee of seven on
the War Debts of Loyal States be allowed to employ
a clerk during the present session, or until the com-
mittee is discharged, at the usual compensation."
On May 30, 1806, it was
" Ordered, That the bill be recommitted to the select
Committee on the War Debts of the Loyal States, and
that the same bo continued as now orj-ani/.cd, with
leave to report during the next session by bill or
otherwise,"
What I desire to ask, Mr. Speaker, is whether,
in view of this action of the House, the Com-
mittee on the War Debts of the Loyal States
is entitled to a clerk at the present session.
