1S64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
was placed in the mail-bag for New Orleans, which
was delivered on board the steamer Republic.
The committee are of opinion that the evidence
leaves no reasonable doubt in regard to the destruc-
tion of the notes described in the petition. As the
securities supposed to be destroyed are in the nature
, of bank notes, having been issued for circulation,
' the committee unanimously agree that it would be
unwise and unsafe to order duplicates to be issued,
no matter how clear and conclusive the evidence of
destruction may be.
This, it is hoped, will be a satisfactory conclusion,
when it is remembered that all compound-interest
notes have but three years to run from the date
thereof. .
As a reason why extreme caution should be exercised
in issuing duplicates for any security alleged to have
been destroyed, the committee deem it best to inform
the House that there have been frequent efforts made
to defraud the Government of large sums under the
false pretense of the destruction of bonds, Treasury
notes, and other certificates of indebtedness.
It is, therefore, considered expedient, in regard to
oompound-intorest notes alleged to have been de-
stroyed, to postpone the actual payment to parties
until after their maturity, whioh, at furthest, must
be less than three years. After the maturity of such
notes, if time confirms the evidence of destruction by
failing to produce the notes, the Secretary of the
Treasury, it is believed, will have ample authority to
pay the same to the proper parties upon the produc-
tion of satisfactory evidence of destruction, and re-
quiring a sufficient, bond of indemnity against their
future presentation.
In view of the large amount involved in the pres-
ent application, and of the exceedingly clear and
irrefragable proof of destruction, the committee re-
port a joint resolution expressly authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay the notes within six
months after their maturity, provided that no proof
of their existence shall hereafter be presented, and
provided also that a sufficient bond of indemnity shall
be given by the parties before payment is made.
This resolution is reported not beeauso it is deemed
absolutely necessary to enable the Secretary to do
what it authorizes, but beoause it may enable the
claimants to obtain credit in carrying on their busi-
ness while the notes are maturing, without which
credit it is believed they will be soriously embar-
rassed by reason of thoir loss aforesaid} and tho
committco do not regard this as a precedent for reo-
ommending rolief in eases ot lilco character.
Mr. GRIMES. If I may be permitted to
make an inquiry or two in regard to a matter
of this kind, I should like to Know, in the first
place, whether or not this bill is predicated
upon the idea that the United States are under-
writers and responsible for all property that is
sent through the mails in a registered letter.
I suppose there cannot be any doubt as to the
loss of this property. Then I should like to
know whether this, being lawful money of tho
United States, made so by an act of Congress,
taking the place of gold, if it had been actual
gold bearing the effigy and superscription of
our nation, and sunk in the steamship Repub-
lic, as these notes were sunk, should we be
responsible to the owners of that gold, and
■would there not be precisely the same reason
for holding the Government responsible in
that ease that there is in this? As to the con-
elusion of the report, that this is not to be re-
garded as a precedent for future cases, I have
only to say that I presume everybody knows it
will be regarded as a precedent; and if we
make an allowance to this rich firm for thoir
$60,000, we must expect hereafter to have
claims for the $5,000 and the $10,000 and tho
$20,000 of notes lost and destroyed.
Mr. COWAN. I wish to ask the honorable
Senator whether these very notes that were
lost were not payable in actual money by the
Government. Tho case differs entirely from
the loss of gold in that respect. Gold carries
with it its intrinsic value, but United States
notes are a promise on the part of the Govern-
ment to pay in that other and actual money
of the Government. There is a distinction to
be taken as well as to be noted in this case,
Mr. HOWE. In reply to the Senator from
Iowa, that so far as my own individual opin-
ions are concerned I had no idea that the Gov-
ernment stood in the attitude of an insurer.
The Government simply stands in the charac-
ter of a promisor. The Government has
promised to pay the holders of these notes so
much money. _ It has agreed, to be sure, that
in the mean time, for domestic purposes, they
shall answer the character of money, bat when
the time comes around the Government has
promised to pay the amount of these notes in
money, that which the world recognizes to be
money. The written evidences of that prom-
ise are lost now beneath the ocean, and we
simply propose to put the Government in the
condition in which every banker and evei-y
individual would be whose notes were in the
same position.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and
NIAGARA SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that an order
be entered for the printing of House bill No.
344, as amended, the Niagara ship-canal bill.
The motion was not agreed to.
GOVERNMENT OF SOUTHERN STATES.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
now take up again House bill No. 1143.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1143) to
provide for the more efficient government of
the insurrectionary States, the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment proposed by Mr.
Johnson.
Mr. STEWART. When I was cut off by
the termination of the morning hour I was
making some remarks with regard to the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Maryland,
known as the Blaine amendment. I was say-
ing that this amendment is in perfect harmony
with the action of this Congress at its last ses-
sion. It is to be regretted that the South did
not accept the terms proposed in the constitu-
tional amendment then submitted by Congress.
It is to be regretted that they did not only not
accede to that, but that they did not go for-
ward and proceed to do that which it was man-
ifestly their duty in the name of humanity—
extend the right of suffrage to all men. It is
to bo regretted that they have not done that.
It is to be regretted that in the South there is
so little loyalty. It is to be regretted that
Union men are not wife there. It is to be re-
gretted that tho southern people will not come
in and support the cause of the Union and the
cause of liberty and submit in good faith to
the verdict of the war. But because they have
not done that, and it has become necessary for
us to apply a remedy, shall we therefore forget
all the teachings of the past and pass a bill to
create a permanent military government? You
say it is but temporary; I wish, I hope that it
may be temporary : but while I am willing to
pass this bill, and while I am willing to subject
these people to this fearful ordeal that they
have brought upon themselves, I am anxious
at the same time to point to them a road of
escaping it. I ask Senators to look at the
terms of this bill and see what an ordeal the
people in the South must pass through under
its provisions.
I have become convinced that something of
the kind is necessary preliminary to any recon-
struction, but I am not convinced that it is
necessary to pass such a bill now and trust to
future legislation to open a road for escape.
The refusal of a bare majority in one House of
Congress, or the refusal to assent on the part
of the President, or any accident or casualty
whatever, may result in a failure to get proper
legislation to relieve them, and leave upon your
statute book this as a permanent, lasting law.
The terms of this bill are fearful to contemplate
as a permanent system. If the South must be
permanently governed by this bill there is an
end of republican government, for there is no
republican government in this bill. The only
justification for such a measure is immediate
and pressing necessity. The only excuse is
that we hola out to them at the same time a
means erf escape, and say to them, "Whenever
you will adopt republican principles, whenever
you will do justice to all men, we will relieve
you from the pains and penalties inflicted by
this military bill."
I wish now to call the attention of Senators
to the provisions of the bill. The first section
divides the insurrectionary States into military
districts; the second provides for assigning to
these districts by the General commanding the
Army of appropriate military officers. The
third section makes it the duty of each officer
thus assigned—
To protect all persons in their rights of person and
f>roperty, to suppress insurrection, disorder, and vio-
ence, and to punish or cause to be punished all dis-
turbers of the public peace, and criminals, and to this
end he may allow local civil tribunals to take juris-
diction of and to try offenders, or when, in his judg-
ment, it may be necessary for the trial of an offender,
he shall have powerto organize military commissions
or tribunals for that purpose, anything in the consti- •
tution and laws of the so-called confederate States
to the contrary notwithstanding; and all legislative
or judicial proceedings or processes to prevent or con-
trol the proceedings of said military tribunals, and
all interference by said pretended State governments
with the exercise of military authority under this act
shall be void and of no effect.
The military commander can organize at his
discretion military commissions. Suppose that
the military commander is not a great and good
man, suppose he has prejudices and passions
like other men; suppose he allows those preju-
judices and passions to control his action, and
suppose the innocent are punished. There are
no constraints of law upon him; his will is the
law. Suppose that he, being a mortal and lia-
ble to err, punishes the innocent with the guilty;
suppose the tyrant who is thus enthroned is
not perfectly just, and the innocent suffer with
the guilty, how will Senators under such cir-
cumstances excuse themselves before their
God and their country? Can they do so by
saying that a future Congress may remedy it;
that some other legislation may be had ? No,
that will not do. If you vote for this bill you
must put in it your excuse. Without a reason
appearing in the bill, and without a road open
to these people to escape, I never will vote for
the bill, though I stand alone, though all the
world beside vote for it. I never will vote to
place any people permanently under military
rule. I never will vote for any one man to
have absolute control of life and liberty and
property in any of these States. I would not
trust it to myself. I dare not trust myself
with such power. I would only trust it to any
man in great emergencies. I believe such an
emergency does now exist in the South. I
believe that temporarily we must have the
strong arm of the military for protection; but
while I believe that, I believe that these peo-
ple should have a road open to escape. 1 be-
lieve it is my duty to say to them, "Whenever
you will do right, whenever you will do jus-
tice, you shall receive mercy."
What more do Senators want, what more
can they ask than that the South shall adopt
the constitutional amendment, which contains
many excellent provisions, which provides for
the rights of man, which provides for the repu-
diation of the rebel debt, which provides for
the payment of the Federal debt, which ex-
cludes from office all those who have taken an
oath to support the Constitution and have sub-
sequently gone into rebellion. What more do
you want in addition to that ? I want but one
more thing, I want suffrage extended to all
men, so that each man, high and low, shall
have the ballot in his hand for his own protec-
tion. The negro needs it more than the white
man. The original theory of extending the
franchise was that by that means the poor man
could protect himself against the powerful;
and the poorer a man is, the weaker he is, the
more he needs protection. The theory that
only the wise ana the great and the powerful
shall vote is the theory of despotism. The
theory of our Government is that all men
have an equal right to life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness. When you take that
from them, you take from them their rights
under our Government. I say that I do want
something more than the constitutional amend-
ment. Indeed, it contains some things that I
do not care much about. I do not care much
about the exclusion from office for which it
provides, and I think we shall take that back
after awhile; but I demand security for the
future, and I demand the ballot for all, so
that the black man may protect himself. This
amendment provides for that. It provides for
those who want the constitutional amendment
