1867.
fHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that,
under the two orders of the House which have
been read, there can be no argument upon the
question which the gentleman submits.
The resolution adopted December 14, 1865,
provides:
"That the select committee of seven on the War
Debt of Loyal States bo alloVed to employ a clerk
during the present session, Or until the committee is
discharged, at the usual compensation."
This would indicate that the House contem-
plated the probability that the committee might
be extended beyond the session. Afterward,
and before the session expired, the House or-
dered that select committee be " continued as
now organized, with leave to report at the
next session by bill or otherwise." The com-
mittee was authorized to employ a clerk until
it was discharged. It has not been discharged,
and hence it is entitled to employ a clerk,
the committee for the time being upon the
same footing as one of the standing commit-
tees.
Und then, on motion of Mr. Koontz, (at
four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.,) {he
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: Additional papers in the case
of Madison Newton, of Indiana.
By Mr. CONKLINGr: T " n memorial of W. ('. Pierre-
pont, president, and Addiscm Day, superintendent,
of the Rome, Watertown and Ogdensburgh Railroad
Company, asking a reduction of impost duty on rail-
road iron.
Also, the petition of Salina Cale, widow of S. V. R.
Cale, deceased, for the passage of a law to enable her
to receive moneys equitably due for services of her
husband as a lieutenant in the ninth regiment New
York heavy artillery.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of Abraham Weldin,
and others,^citizens of Williboro', Essex county, New
York, praying for adoption of rates of duty on wool
and woolens proposed by House tariff bill of last ses-
sion.
By Mt\ HUNTER: The memorial and prospectus
of the National Petroleum Gas Company, asking for
a comparativetestof gasmadefromcrude petroleum.
By Sir. LONGrYEAR: The position of D. M. Bag-
ley, and others, citizens of Lansing, Michigan, asking
that certain alleged acts and doings of Andrew John-
son, acting as President of the United States, ma^ be
inquired into, and if proven that he may be im-
peached.
By Mr.LYNCH: The petition of Alfred B. Win-
slow and Ebcn M. Tibbetts, asking the enactment of
a law authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue new United States securities for others de-
stroyed.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The remonstrance of John
Ross, and others, of Vincennes, Indiana, against a
further contraction of the currency and some of the
proposed amendments to the national banking law.
By Mr. PAINE: The memorial of Lieutenant
Charles Lorenzen, and others, volunteer officers of the
State of Wisconsin, praying that the provisions of
the act granting three months extra pay to officers
discharged since the 5th of March, 1865, may be ex-
tended to those who served,two years during the war
and received their commissions after March 5,1865.
By Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania: The petition
of manufacturers of cotton and woolen fabrics, ask-
ing, first, the removal of the five per cent, tax on
goods manufactured; second, a drawback of three
cents per pound in cotton, to be refunded to the manu-
facturer; third, to tax all articles of luxury not pro-
duced in the United Stntes, and to relieve in due
proportion necessaries of life, and for other purposes.
By Mr. SCHBNCK: Tho petition of manufacturers
of and dealers in cigars and of growers of tobacco,
for a change in the tax on cigars.
Also, the petition of soldiers of the sixty-third regi-
ment Ohio volunteer infantry, for additional bounty.
By Mr, WARD, of New York: The memorial of
Robert L. May, asking restoration to the Navy.
By Mr. WARD, of Kentucky: The petition of L.
Broadtvel!, praying for compensation for two horses
and equipage.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 21, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. J. N. Murdock, D. D., of
Boston, Massachusetts.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented four petitions of citi-
zens of Ohio, praying for the passage of House
bill No. 178, to provide increased revenue from
imports, and for other purposes, now pending
in the Senate; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition and
accompanying documents of Charles J. Jock,
of Brooklyn, New York, praying for compensa-
tion for services rendered as counsel in defend-
ing certain officers, sailors, and marines before
a general court-martial at the navy-yard in
Brooklyn, New York, in 1864 and 1865 ; which
were referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented two petitions of citizens
of New York, praying for the passage of House
bill No. 718, to provide increased revenue from
imports, and for other purposes; which were
ordered to lie upon the table.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of the United States, praying for such an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States as will prohibit any inequality among;
citizens on account of birth, race, or color, and
also asking Congress to remove, by immediate
legislation, any such inequality from the Dis-
trict of Columbia, the Territories, and the
unrestored States; which was referred to the
joint Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a memorial of
citizens of Illinois, remonstrating against the
passage of any act authorizing the curtailment
of the national currency, or having in view the
return, within a limited time to specie pay-
ments, and against any law compelling all
national banks to redeem their notes in New
York, or prohibiting them from paying or re-
ceiving interest on bank balances ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of the North-
western Photographic Society, praying for the
abrogation of the fave per cent, tax on the gross
receipts of photographers; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. COWAN presented two memorials from
citizens of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
the passage of any act authorizing the curtail-
ment of the national currency, or having in
view the return within a limited time to spe-
cie payments, and against any law compelling
all national banks to redeem their notes in
New York, or prohibiting them from paying
or receiving interest on bank balances; which
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, representing that they labor un-
der great disadvantages from the frequent vio-
lations of trade-marks, and that the present
laws do not give sufficient protection against
such violations, and praying Congress for re-
lief by extending the law of copy-right to trade-
marks j which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. RAMSEY. I present a petition of ci-
gar manufacturers, journeymen cigar-makers,
dealers in cigars, and growers of and dealers
in seed-leaf tobacco, resident in Minnesota,
respectfully representing that the present in-
ternal revenue tax on cigars has proved to be
utterly impracticable, as demonstrated by the
present depressed condition of every branch
of industry and trade connected therewith.
They further state that the present law, being
both specific and ad valorem, affords such op-
portunities for fraud that their business will
soon pass entirely into the hands of irrespon-
sible men and fraudulent combinations unless
a radical change is soon effected. I ask its
reference to the Committee on Finance.
It was so referred.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of resi-
dents of the town of Clarence, Erie county,
New York, praying for the passage of House
bill No. 718, to provide increased revenue from
imports, and for other purposes, now pending
in the Senate; which was ordered to lie upon
the table.
Mr. ANTHONY presented additional papers
in support of the claim of Benjamin Tilleyfor
rent for land in Washington occupied by the
Government; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
REPORTS ER0M COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom. was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 848) to amend an
act entitled "An act to incorporate the Na-
tional Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphans' Home,"
approved July 25,1866, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee, on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 461) to aid in the construction of the
San Francisco Central Pacific railroad, re-
ported it with an amendment in the nature of
a substitute.
ASYLUM FOR DISABLED VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 227) authorizing
the Secretary of War to transfer certain prop-
erty to the National Asylum for Disabled Vol-
unteers, have directed me to report it back to
the Senate without amendment, and as it is
very brief I ask that it be put upon its passage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the joint reso-
lution on the day it is reported.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the reading of it
for information.
The Secretary read the Joint resolution.
The National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer
Soldiers not haying obtained title to land at
Point Lookout, in Maryland, as contemplated
in the twelfth section of the act approved March
21, 1866, establishing that institution, the joint
resolution authorizes the Secretary of War, at
his discretion, to transfer to the National Asy-
lum any of the property of the United States
still remaining at Point Lookout which may
be considered appropriate and useful for the
objects of that corporation.
There being no objection, the Senate, as is
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply state that there
is some property belonging to the United States
at Point Lookout that will be of service to the
home for soldiers, and this resolution author-
izes the Secretary of War at his discretion to
give to the institution that kind of property.
It it is not of any value to anybody else, and
may be of great service to them.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 518) to amend an act entitled "An act
granting lands to aid in the construction of a.
railroad and telegraph line from the States of
Missouri and Arkansas to the Pacific ocean,"
approved July 27,1866, and to facilitate the
early construction of the Atlantic and Pacific
railroad; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 519) to incorporate the Metropolitan Fire
and Marine Insurance Company of the District
of Columbia; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 520) to aid in the construction of
the Kansas and Neosho Valley railroad, con-
necting the great lakes, Iowa, Missouri, and
Kansas, with Texas, the Gulf of Mexico, and
the Southwest with the Pacific ocean, and to
secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to
be printed.
MINISTER AT VIENNA.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the following
resolution submitted by him on the 18th. in-
stant was taken up and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate, if in his
opinion not inconsistent with tho public inter est, any
correspondence between the Department of Stat©
and Mr. Motley, envoy extraordinary and minister
plenipotentiary at Vienna, relating to bis reported
resignation of this post.
