1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1363
only, and it provides also for those who want
humanity protected by the ballot. When the
South have done that I ask Senators what more
do you want? I ask Senators, when the South
have done this, will you continue military rule
over them, and subject them to the caprice of
some little officer who may not be perfect in
wisdom and judgment ? I would not trust a
modification of this law to any future Con-
gress, and therefore I want the two things to
go together. There must be a road of escape
or I cannot vote for this military bill.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the words "common
law, "in the twelfth line, these words:
And have provided by constitution and laws that
all citizens of the United States shall equally possess
the right to pursue all lawful avocations and busi-
ness, to receive the equal benefi tsof the public schools,
and to have the egual protection of all the rights of
citizens of the United States in said States.
I am disposed, sir, to vote for this bill as it
came from the House of Representatives with-
out amendment; but if it is to be amended at
all I desire that the amendment I have offered
shall be adopted. The original amendment
offered by the Senator from Maryland provides
that on the adoption by any of the southern
States of the constitutional amendment and
the extension of suffrage by the adoption of
the principle of manhood suffrage, such as we
have established in this District, without qual-
ification, and when it shall have amended its
constitution to conform to the Constitution and
laws of the United States, its representatives
who can take the prescribed oath shall be ad-
mitted to their seats in Congress, and that then
this bill shall cease to be effective in such State.
I simply propose to add this provision that the
Stale shall also provide that all citizens of the
United States within its limits shall have the
right to pursue all the avocations and business
of life ; that they shall have the equal benefits
of the public schools, and that they shall have
the equal protection of the laws. I believe
this provision ought to be adopted. We have
as much right to ask this as we have to ask
the other conditions contained in the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maryland. We have
a right to ask for everything that is requisite to
put every human being in those States upon a
footing of equality under the protection of
equal laws.
I believe, Mr. President, that the wisest
thing would be to pass this bill just as it came
from the House, and then to pass the Louisiana
bill, and then to pass a resolution reciting the
fact that the constitutional amendment has
been adopted by a sufficient number of States,
and providing that those States_ in rebellion
which will assent to the constitutional amend-
ment, change their constitutions and laws in
conformity with its requirements, give man-
hood suffrage, and put all its citizens, without
distinction of color or race, under the equal
protection of the laws so that they may engage
in all the avocations of life, have the benefits of
the public schools, and stand on the sameground
with all others, protected by just, humane,
and equal laws, shall be thereupon entitled to
representation in Congress by those who can
take the prescribed oath. In such a resolution
as that following this legislation we can declare,
if we wish to do so, that this act shall cease to
operate in any State which adopts that course.
Besides, if we pass this act now we can amend
it at any time hereafter, but it seems to me
dangerous to send it back to the House of
Representatives at this stage of the session,
and dangerous to send the Louisiana bill back.
I think we ought to pass those bills and pass
them immediately. They will be, like the
constitutional amendment, great steps, great
means to the final adjustment and settlement
of this whole question.
Sir, universal manhood suffrage has ceased
to be a contested issue in America. _ Although
it is not yet incorporated into constitutions and
laws, it is just as much an achieved fact in the
ten rebel States as it is in the District of Co-
lumbia. the State of Tennessee, or the Territo-
ries. The battle of manhood suffrage is fought
and won; all we have to do now is to provide
for the formal incorporation of that principle
into constitutions and laws.
Mr. STEWART. I am afraid to pass this
bill without having something of that kind in it.
Mr. WILSON. I do not believe there will
be much further opposition from any quarter
to universal manhood suffrage. That great
battle is fought and won, and the only remain-
ing question is as to the mode of doing it.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I do noIf
rise to discuss the merits of the bill, particu-
larly at this time; I do not know that I shall
feel it my duty to do so during the debate in
this body; but I wish to say a few words on
the subject of this amendment, and what I
shall say will have as much application to the
amendment offered by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts as to that offered by the Senator
from Maryland.
I think the amendment entirely incompatible
with the scheme and provisions of the bill itself,
and that gentlemen will discover that incom-
patibility on looking into it. The principle
upon which the bill proceeds is the principle
for which I have all along contended, that the
rebel States, as communities, have been con-
quered by the arms of the United States in the
prosecution of the war which resulted in the
suppression of the rebellion waged by those
States. 1 hold that, subject to the Constitution
of the United States and to the duty of ulti-
mately restoring the rebel States to their for-
mer standing under the Constitution, the Gov-
ernment of the United States has the same
power in reference to those conquered com-
munities as it would have had they been for-
eign territory.
Let me not be misunderstood, sir. I do not
say that the Government of the United States
has precisely the same authority over the rebel
States which it would have in reference to con-
quered foreign territory; but wc hold them by
•the sword and by the right of conquest; yet we
hold them in a fiduciary capacity, and the trust
imposed upon the Government is ultimately
and in our own good time, as Congress shall
judge most fit and expedient in reference to
the public interest, to restore them to the en-
joyment of all their former rights as members
of the Union. But at present we hold them as
conquered country. The governments which
have been established there under the imperial
edicts of the Executive have all depended for
their vitality and force upon the.military power
of the United States; and it cannot be denied
to-day that all these bogus governments in the
rebel States—I call them bogus only in the
sense of their being unconstitutional — rest
upon the military edicts of the President of the
United States, so far as they have any founda-
tion and operation. I hold further, that in
assuming to establish governments, in assum-
ing to appoint provisional governors, and to set
in motion the machinery of these State gov-
ernments, a most unparalleled usurpation has
been committed upon the authority of Con-
gress, delegated plainly by the Constitution to
Congress, to whom and to whom only belongs
the right and the power of reconstructing, so
to speak, and readmitting these States to the
enjoyment of their rights as such. "W e hold
these countries as military conquests. We
have won them by our arms. We subdued the
rebel military forces, have disarmed them, and
at least half a million men now residing in
these rebel States are our prisoners of war
to-day, having been captured and paroled, sent
home upon their parole d'honneur. The bill
before us proposes to regulate 'this military
occupation by the appointment of several
major generals, each one to his proper depart-
ment, who is authorized and required to pro-
tect all persons in their rights of person and of
property, to suppress insurrection, disorder,
and violence, and to punish or cause to be pun-
ished all disturbers of the public peace and
other criminals. It will be seen that the bill
itself recognizes the military authority of the
United States over these countries. It recog-
nizes the right and the duty ol Congress to
provide for their military government, for the
protection of persons and property, and the
preservation of any vestige of liberty that may
remain among them. If we have the power
thus to act in the rebel States, then these so-
called States themselves are not now invested
with State rights and the power of State legis-
lation. The amendment of the honorable
member from Maryland clearly recognizes the
present existence of this power of State legis-
lation in them.
It declares that "when the constitutional
amendment proposed as article fourteen by the
Thirty-Ninth Congress shall have become a part
of the Constitution of the United States," &e.
That may be clone, it is very true, without con-
sulting the rebel States; it is possible that'it
may become a part of the Constitution without
the votes of the rebel States; and here suffer me
to remark that I do believe most sincerely that
it is the right of three fourths of the loyal States
remaining in the Union at any time to amend
the Constitution, and that such amendment
would be valid as an amendment, and that it
is not necessary in amending the Constitution
that we should take into the account the votes
of the rebel States.
The amendment goes on: "and when any
one of the late so-called confederate States
shall have given its consent to the same and
conformed its constitution and laws thereto,"
clearly recognizing these confederate States as
being invested with full authority to act as States
in the most solemn proceeding in which a State
can act, the ratification or rejection of the
amendment of the Constitution, and recog-
nizing those States as competent to amend
their own constitutions without any reference
to us, indeed recognizing them as at present
vested with all the State rights pertaining to
loyal States under the Constitution. Now, sir,
if these States are thus invested with State
authority, if they can legislate as States, if
they can amend their constitutions as States,
if they can change their legislation so as to
conform, in the language of this amendment,
to the amendment of the Constitution sug-
gested at the last session, then they can adopt
any other kind of State legislation which they
may see fit; then they are indeed "sovereign
States, and in the language of Mr. Seward,
in his Cooper Institute speech of the 22d of
February, 1866, they are as fully and com-
pletely invested with State authority as the
Legislature of the State of New York then in
session. Suppose the Legislatures of these
States during the reign of this military power
which we propose to send among them should
see fit to enact laws utterly inconsistent with its
continuance among them, is it not perfectly
plain that such State legislation would produce
an immediate and bloody conflict with the mili-
tary authorities we send there? We say in our
act that the military commanders shall govern
these States so and so. The Legislature of
one of these States says the contrary: "The
people of this State shall not be governed so
and so;" and they claim to act in virtue of
their " State sovereignty." This must inevi-
tably produce a collision between the Federal
military authorities and the State authorities
which we thus recognize by this amendment.
Sir, the two things do not consist; they are
incompatible with one another; and if we
asstime to permit the exercise of the two pow-
ers, the military and the civil, the Federal mili-
tary and the State civil power, we shall produce,
and within a very short time in my opinion, a
bloody conflict, which it will demand the
employment of the superior forces of the&ov-
ment to bring to a close. If, therefore, we
are to govern these States by military power,
let us say so plainly, and not in thesame bill
insidiously and deceitfully grant civil powers
to the States themselves which we propose to
rule by the sword.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not propose to take
any time in discussing this amendment or the
bill itself. I stated the reasons why I thought
it not advisable at this time to amend this bill,
and I think the Senate is entirely familiar with
