602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
INDIAN MASSACRES AND HOSTILITIES.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be instructed to inquire into and report as to the cir-
cumstances of the late massacre of the United States
troops near Fort Phil, Kearney, and as to what fur-
ther, if any, legislation'is necessary to protect immi-
grants andsettlers, and forthe suppression of Indian
hostilities in our western States and Territories.
.ILLEGAL VOTING IN THE DISTRICT. *
Mr. MORRILL. I more to take up for
consideration Senate bill No. 479.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No." 4^9) to punish illegal voting in the Dis-
trict, of Columbia, and for other purposes, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The first section of the bill, which was intro-
duced by Mr. Edmunds, provided that any
person not duly qualified to vote in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, who, knowing that he is not
so qualified, shall vote or offer to vote therein,
of who shall procure or attempt to procure
himself to be registered therein asa voter, shall
be punished by imprisonment not exceeding
six months, and not less than two months ; and
the second section declared that if any person,
being a qualified voter in the District, should
knowingly vote or attempt to vote in any other
ward or election precinct than that in which
he shall be lawfully entitled to vote, or should
unlawfully and knowingly vote or attempt to
vote more than once, or in more than one ward
or election precinct, or should so vote double
therein, he should be punished by imprison-
ment not exceeding six months and not less
than two months, and be disqualified from
voting thereafter in the District.
An amendment was reported by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, to add the
following additional sections:
Sec. 3- And be it further enacted, That there shall
be five judges of elections within and for the city of
Washington, and three within and for the city of
Georgetown, the same to be appointed by the supremo
court of the District of Columbia, whose duty it shall
be, biennially and prior to cach clcction, to prepare
a list of the persons qualified to vote in the several
wards of said cities in any election; and said judges
shall bo in open session in their respective cities_ to
receive evidence cf the qualification of persons claim-
ing the right to vote in any election therein, and for
correcting said lists, on two days, biennially, not ex-
ceeding five days prior to each election for the choice
of city officers, giving prior notice of tho time and
place of each session in some newspaper.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That prior to said
election the said judges in the respective cities shall
post up a list of voters thus prepared in one or more
public places in said cities, and at least tea days prior
thereto.
SEC. 5. And be it further enacted. That all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions of this
act are hereby repealed.
The amendment was agreed t,o.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to know of
my friend, the chairman of the committee,
what the law is now on the subject to which
this bill applies. I thought by the present law
there were some penalties attached to illegal
voting.
Mr. MORRILL. There are none that I
know of. I am sure there are none such as
are covered by this bill, and I think none at
all. This bill, without the amendments, was
introduced by the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Edmunds.] There are no penalties that
I know of for illegal voting provided by the
present laws. I would not like to assert that
positively, because I am not sufficiently famil-
iar with the laws which may be in force in this
District, as the laws of Maryland were when
the District was organized upon the subject;
but, to my knowledge there is no provision on
this subject.
I inquire whether it is in order to move an
amendment to the amendment of the com-
mittee already adopted in Committee of the
Whole.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The Chair
thinks that any additions can be made to that
amendment. It would be in the nature of an
amendment to the bill. The amendment hav-
ing been adopted, it is a part of the text of the
bill, and any amendment may now be made to
it as a part of the bill.
. Mr. MORRILL. I move, then, to amend in
section three, line five, by striking out the words
"biennially and."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
stated, perhaps a little too broadly,' that any
addition could be made.  This amendment,
having been adopted in committee, cannot be
amended by striking out what has already been
adopted, at least in committee; it will be in
order when the bill comes into the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL. I thought we were in the
Senate. I withdraw the motion, then, for the
present.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended. •
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Will the Senate concur in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole?
The amendment suggested by the Senator from
Maine would now be in order.
Mr. MORRILL. I move, then, in section
three, line five, to strike out the words '"bien-
nially and," and in line eleven to strike out the
word "biennially;" so that the section will
read:
That there shall be five judges of elections within
and for the city of Washington, and three within and
forthe city of Georgetown, the same to be appointed
by the supreme court of the District of Columbia,
whose duty it shall be, prior to each election, to pre-
pare a list of the persons qualified to vote in the several
wards of said cities in any election; and said judges
shall be in open session in their respective cities to
receive evidence of the qualification of persons claim-
ing the right to vote in any election therein, and for
correcting said lists, on two days, not exceeding five
days prior to each election for the choice of city
officers, giving prior notice of the time and place of
each session in some newspaper.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
amendment agreed to in Committee of the
Whole by inserting after the word '' Columbia''
in line five of section three these words, "who
shall hold their office for two years and until
their successors shall be appointed and quali-
fied, and ;" so that it will read :
That there shall be five judges of elections within
and for the city of Washington, and three within and
for the city of Georgetown, the same to be appointed
by the supreme court of the District of Columbia, who
shall hold their office for two years and until their
successors shall be appointed and qualified, and whose
duty it shall be prior to each election, <fcc.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is, Will the Senate concur in the
amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole as amended?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I have no objection of
course to this bill so far as it seeks to prevent
frauds at elections in this District. If the
chairman of the Committee on the District of
Columbia is correct in his statement, it may
be necessary that there should be further pro-
vision of law on that subject. I desire, how-
ever, to say a word questioning the propriety
of the amendment, whichis theimmediate ques-
tion before the Senate. In the District suf-
frage bill it was provided that a registry of
voters should be made in the District by the
particular officers named—I believe by the
mayors of the cities of W ashington and George-
town and perhaps other officers united with
them. That bill contained all the provisions
necessary for the purpose of having a correct
registry made and for having it put up at proper
places within the District, and for having the
act given in charge to the grand jury immedi-
ately preceding each general or city election.
The objection I see to this amendment is that
it creates a number of new officers. Thereare
to be five new officers created for the city of
Washington and three for the city of George-
town, upon whom is to be charged the duty of
making this registry of voters. The bill does
not provide liow these officers shall be paid or
what shall be their compensation, but as a mat-
ter of course they are to be charged upon the
Treasury and to constitute a part of the ex-
penses of this District. Now, sir, I perceive
no good reason for transferring these duties,
which are now charged upon officers of the
District of Columbia and to be discharged by
them without any expense whatever, to two
sets of new officers, who of course must be paid
and who, as far as I can perceive, will be no
better qualified to the discharge of this duty
than were those officers named in the former
law. For that reason I feel inclined to vote
against the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. It is perhaps necessary
that I should reply to the Senator from Penn-
sylvania in a single word. This amendment
was suggested to the committee by a discus-
sion which is going on in the papers of the
District, that the execution of the law as it
passed the other day on the question of suffrage
is impracticable. It provides for a registry on
or before the 1st day of March before each
election, and the publication of the list for ten
days before that election. The election in
Georgetown takes place in February next, and
it is said that the city authorities of George-
town construe the law to mean that they are .
not obliged to make this list on or before JJie
election in February, because the terms of the
law are on or before the 1st of March, and
therefore they have a right to go to the extreme
limit of the law and say they shall make it on
the 1st of March next, and thus comply with
the law, and thereby postpone the registry for
two years. The committee thought it was
perhaps reasonable to relieve these authorities
from any complication of that sort; that they
ought not to be embarrassed certainly by any
doubtful construction of the law; and while
upon that subject the committee supposed that
it might be quite as safe to all concerned to
confer the duty which had thus been devolved
upon them, and which they showed so little
inclination to perform, upon some parties who
might perhaps be disinterested; and therefore
this amendment is provided to make the thing
certain that the registry is to be made prior to
each election without reference to any partic-
ular month; and that there maybe no mistake
about its execution it takes the duty from the
mayor and aldermen and devolves it upon the
judges, whose duty it is to make the registry
in conformity with the act passed by the Senate
the other day.
Mr. CONNESS. In addition to what the
chairman of the Committee on the District of
Columbia has said, I desire to call attention to
the fifth section of the District suffrage bill as
it passed. 1 have it in my hand. It reads :
That tho mayors and aldermen of the cities of
Washington and Georgetown, respectively, on or
before the 1st day of March in each year, shall pre-
pare a list of tho persons they judge to be qualified to
vote in the several wards of said cities in any elec-
tion.
I do not see but that, under this provision,
they may exclude whoever they deem not qual-
ified to vote. I do not see but that the lan-
guage of the fifth section—and I noticed it
when the bill was pending, but it was thought
by gentlemen not well then to amend it in the
stage in which it was—puts it in the power of
the mayors and aldermen of Washington and
Georgetown to exclude the very persons en-
franchised by the District bill if they see fit so
to do.
Mr. MORRILL. If my friend will allow me,
this bill repeals so much ofthat act as is incon-
sistent with this.
Mr. CONNESS. I so understand it..
Mr. MORRILL. And the language here
obviates the difficulty: " to prepare a list of
the persons qualified to vote."
Mr. CONNESS. I so understand it, and I
regard that as thf essential value of this bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I misunderstood the Sen-
ator.
Mr. CONNESS. But it was a point to
which attention had not been called. I noticed
it, and was about to offer an amendment when
ihe suffrage bill was pending in the Senate, but,
as I before observed, it was suggested to me
that it might bo amended in the future, and it
passed in this questionable shape, putting it
entirely in the power of the mayors and alder-
men of these two cities to exclude every person
from the franchise whom the act intended to
