1366
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
such reasons, considering the time and the
circumstances in which, we are placed. This
bill contemplates future action by Congress,
and proceeds upon the assumption that the
measure is.altogether a temporary measure;
and therefore there is no occasion for the Sen-
ator from Nevada to be so much troubled about
the permanency of military governments in the
South. Why, sir, the very preamble of this
bill declares that "it is necessary that peace
and good order should be enforced in said so-
called States until loyal and republican State
governments can be legally established.''. This
bill is proposed simply to enforce good order
in these so-called States until loyal and repub-
lican State governments can be legally estab-
lished ; but the argument proceeds upon the
assumption that this is the end of all legisla-
tion, that if this bill be passed Congress has
no power to make any subsequent laws in refer-
ence to these southern States. Now, sir, in-
stead of loading down this bill with the various
amendments proposed, it seems to me true
policy on the part of the friends of the measure
would indicate that this bill should be passed,
and then subsequent bills or resolutions may
be passed by Congress indicating, if desirable,
that this is altogether a temporary measure.
This amendment could be put in the shape of
a joint resolution and passed separately after
' this bill shall have been disposed of. That
could be done, and that course would not en-
danger the bill; but I am assured and feel con-
fident that to amend the bill at this time and
send it back to the House of Representatives
would eveutnate in its defeat. It is simply
upon that ground that I oppose those amend-
ments without undertaking to discuss them at
this time.
Mr. K1RICWOOD. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Oregon a question. I understood him
yesterday evening to admit that the bill as it
came from the House should be amended.
This morning ho thinks it should not be
amended for the single reason that, if it is
anffended, it may not pass the House of Rep-
resentatives again. I understand him now to
«ay that the defect in the bill, supposing there
to be any defect,, can be cured by tho passage
of a new bill or a joint resolution after this
uhall have been passed. Is there any reason
to suppose that we can pass a new bill or joint
resolution through this body and send it to
the other House and have it passed there
more easily than we can now amend this bill?
Is it any more easy to pass a new bill entirely
through both Houses than it is to amend this
bill and send it back to tho other House for
concurrence?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I can answer the Sen-
ator's question in this way: when this bill is
passed by Congress, the President has ten days
timo in which to determine whether lie will
veto the bill or not; and if vetoed it will
have to be repassed by a two-thirds vote of
both Houses in order to become a law. This
proposed amendment,, as I understand, is only
valuable to indicate on the part of Congress
that this measure is altogether a temporary
measure, and that it only contemplates the
the existence of this military authority until
loyal and republican State governments can
be established.
If this bill becomes a law, if it shall be passed
at this time without amendment and sent to the
1 resident, a joint resolution can then be passed
by both bodies of Congress embodying substan-
tially what this amendment contains, and there
is no reason to suppose that the President of
toe United States^would veto that joint resolu-
tion simply declaring that this military author-
'tj in. tho .South is altogether temporary, and is
only intended to operate until-certain events
transpire; but if he should veto it it would make
very little difference, because it is not particu-
larly operative at this time; it is simply a
declaration on the part of Congress that at
some future time, if those States will accede to
certain conditions, this military authority shall
cease. If the President should take the respon-
sibility of vetoing a measure of that kind, Con-
gress would be placed in a wretched condition
before the country, and nobody could object
to this policy on the ground that Congress
intended that it should be a permanent policy
for the southern States.
This amendment, I say, will have no imme-
diate operation if put into this bill. It is sim-
ply intended as a declaration on the part of
Congress that at some future time, if these
States will accede to the conditions embraced
*fo. the amendment, this military authority shall
cease. _ It is necessary, in my judgment, that
some bill should be passed for the protection
of the loyal people of tho southern States.
That is a subject which I think has been too
long overlooked. The measure ought to be an
efficient measure, one that will produce some
effect. You may theorize as much as you
please; but until you create a power that can
act, and place it where it will be efficient, just
so long these people will be without the neces-
sary protection.
Mr. STEWART. This amendment does do
something more than indicate; it declares that
when these people have complied with all we
require of them they may be represented. That is
an important declaration, and it requires no fur-
ther legislation. I cannot understand why the
Senator from Oregon has changed his mind since
he proposed to olfer this very good amendment
last night. I understand it is because he has
been_ advised by members of the other House
that if we put this very proper amendment on
the bill it cannot be passed in that House. If
the bill cannot be passed by the House in a
proper shape, I ask what hope is there to get
through any provision hereafter that will relievo
these people from military law, save this nation
from. military despotism, if you will not indi-
cate il, in this bill? Itis not true that our friends
in tho House an; opposed to this amendment.
On a vote upon this very proposition sixty-nine
members of tho House voted for this amend-
ment, and it was only defeated by a coalition#
between the friends of extreme measures and
the Democrats. Tho great body of the Union
members of the House voted for this same
amendment; and when the Senate shall sanc-
tion it, tell me not that the House will refuse to
adopt it. It was voted for in the House by the
great body of Union members. It is true that
some did not vote at all, because the whip and
lash were a little too severe; but sixty-nine
Union men did vote for it. The Democrats,
on the contrary, voted against the amendment,
and then against the bill, showing that their
effort was to make it a bad bill.
Now, the Senator from Michigan says we
have tho constitutional power to pass this bill.
I am not discussing the constitutional question
involved in the measure. I suppose we have
the constitutional right and constitutional
power to treat these States as conquered prov-
inces. I do not doubt that, because I believe
we have the power to do about as we please
with them. I believe when they fell into our
hands wo were controlled by no law except
the general laws of humanity and the laws of
war and of nations with regard to them. It
was in our power to do with them pretty
much as we pleased. We might have treated
them, as subjugated provinces if we felt so dis-
posed. But after this length of time is it
policy, is it humanity, to place over eight
million people six or eight or ten military com-
manders with absolute power of life and
death?
When we are passing the bill it is said we
cannot put a limit to it. Sir, if we cannot
put a limit to it now, when can Ve ? I ask if
a free Government was ever usurped except
under the plea of necessity for temporary
purposes / 1 ask if the freedom of any people
was ever lost except upon this plea ? I ask if
any tyrant ever set up his throne except in the
name of justice and necessity? Did anyone
when he assumed tyrannical authority declare
that it should be permanent? No, he said it
should be only temporary. Now, while I am
willing to assert this authority, while I am
willing to hold these southern States in iron
hands till they shall do right, I want to place
a limit upon _my own power. I would not
trust myself with absolute power ; I will not
trust another; and I want to say in this very
bill " thus far will I go and no farther. When
the bill is passed I may love this power too
well to surrender it.
I say, then, place the limit in this bill; say
to these people, "Whenever you comply with
the demands of the loyal masses of the North,
whenever you comply with the dictates of hu-
manity, whenever you make your institutions
correspond with the principles of the Declara-
tion of Independence, we will then recognize
you as free communities, and remove from
you the iron hand which the necessity of the
case has made us place upon you, unfortunate
rebels. We will hold that hand upon you
until you learn to do good and cease to do
evil, till you stop your New Orleans riots, till
you cease to persecute Union men, till you ac-
knowledge the rights of all men; and when
that is done we will release it at once, and we
will not hold it there an hour afterward." I do
not want any man to have the power by a veto
to prevent our repealing this bill, or to have a
capricious majority in either House enabled
to hold this power on these people one mo-
ment longer than is necessary. It is easier to
exercise power than to relinquish it. Let us
place the bound about it ourselves; let us make
a limit for ourselves. If they continue rebel-
lious we can remove that limit if necessary,
because it will be only a congressional act,
subject to our power. I am only willing now
to go to this extent. I will bound my power
in this way. It is always easier to get men to
extend their power than to release it.
1 say, then, leave it within the function of the
rebel States to do justice and receive mercy,
and then I will vote for this bill with all its
rigor, with all its exercise of extraordinary
power, which I believe may be justified by the
circumstances. So believing, I will vote for
the bill if there is a limit that I can see;
Otherwise not.
Mr. MORRILL. It seems to me that my
honorable friend from Nevada is a little pre-
mature in the haste he makes to declare an
unqualified opposition to this meas'ure ; and I
can hardly think that he has very well consid-
ered the grounds upon which he declares his
opposition to the measure unless it is amended.
I have thought it very likely that I should be
obliged to persuade myself that it was best to
vote for this bill as it came from the House of
Representatives if we could do no better, and
it had not occurred to me that there was any-
thing so frightful in the powers conferred by it
upon the military authorities as seems to have
supposed the honorable Senator from Nevada.
He says that tho Congress of the United States
now propose to institute military rule over eight
million people and over ten States. Well, what
of it? Are we, who have stood here for five
long bloody years and witnessed the exercise
of absolute military power over these rebel
States, to be frightened now by a declaration
of that sort? That is not the temper in which
I find myself to-day. I have got so accus-
tomed^ if you please, to the exercise of this
authority 
That is the trouble.
"That is the trouble,"
Senator. That has not
Mr. STEWART.
Mr. MORRILL,
says the honorable
been our trouble.
Mr. STEWART.
Mr. MORRILL.
Mr. STEWART.
Allow me to say a word.
Certainly.
That is what alarms me,
because the Senator says he is accustomed
to it.
Mr. MORRILL. That has not been our
trouble, that we have exercised power; that
has been the salvation of the nation. The
trouble has. been from the hesitation to exer-
cise authority when authority was required.
That has been the trouble ; that has been the
infirmity of the nation, and that is our weak-
ness to-day.
Now, Mr. President, this is the "mildest man-
nered" bill in the world. Nobody ever pro-
