604
lETE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
Mr. SHERMAN,
another matter to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN.
I simply want to add
It can be done to-
morrow morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made to the present consideration of the
resolution, it will fie over*
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
^ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhe&son, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed 3, bill (H. R. No.
1030) to regulate the sale of gold by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
THE TARIFF BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole)
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 718,
to provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Com-
mittee on Finance have reported an amend-
ment to this bill, which is to strike out all of
the bill after the enacting clause and insert a
substitute. The substitute will be read.
Mr. FESSENDEN, I propose to suggest
such amendments as have been agreed on by
the committee, and verbal amendments as the
reading is proceeded with.
The Secretary read the first section of the
substitute, as follows:
That on and. after the — day of ——, in lieu of the
duties heretofore imposed by law on the articles
hereinafter mentioned, there shall be levied, col-
lected, and paid on the goods, wares, and merchan-
dise herein enumerated and provided for, imported
from foreign countries, the following duties and rates
of duty, that is to say:
On teas of all kinds, twenty-five cents per pound.
On coffee of all kinds, five cents per pound.
On chiccory and succory roots, five cents per pound.
On chiccory and succory roots, ground, burnt, or
prepared, six cents per pound.
On acorn coffee and dandelion root, raw or pre-
pared. and on all substitutes for coffee, five cents per
pound.
• On all extracts or essences of coffee, one dollar per
pound.
On all sugar not above No. 12 Dutch standard in
color, three cents per pound.
On all sugar above No. 12 and not above No. 15
Butch standard in color, three and one half cents
per pound.
On all sugar above No. 15 and not above No. 20
Dutch standard in color, four cents per pound.
On all sugar above No. 20 Dutch standard in color,
five eents per pound: Provided, Tbat the standard
by which the color and grades of sugar are to be
regulated shall be selected and furnished to the col-
lectors of such ports of entry as may be necessary by
the Secretary of the Treasury from time to time, and
in suoh manner as he may deem expedient.
On sugar candy, not colored, ten cents per pound.
On confectionery, made wholly or in part of sugar,
and on sugars, after being refined, -when tinctured,
colored, or in any way adulterated, valued at thirty
eents per pound or less, fifteen eents per pound.
On confectionery valued at above thirty cents per
pound, or when sold by the box, package, or other-
wise than by the pound, fifty per cent, ad valorem.
On molasses, eight cents per gallon.
On tank bottoms and on sirup of sugar-cane juice,
mclado, concentrated mclado, or concentrated mo-
lasses, two and three fourths cents per pound: Pro-
vided, That all tank bottoms, sirups of sugar, or
sugar-cane, cane juice, concentrated molasses, or
concentrated melado, entered under the name of
molasses, or any other name than tank bottoms, sirup
of sugar or of sugar-cane, eane juice, concentrated
molasses, or concentrated melado, shall be liable to
forfeiture to the United States, and the same shall be
forfeited.
On pimento, fifteen cents per pound.
On ground pimento, eighteen cents per pound.
On black, white, andredor Cayenne pepper, fifteen
cents per pound.
On ground pepper of all kinds, eighteen ccnts pep
pound.
On ginger root, five cents per pound.
On ginger, ground, eight cents per pound.
On cinnamon, thirty cents per pound.
On mace, forty cents per pound.
On nutmegs, fifty cents per pound.
On cloves, twenty cents per pound.
On clove stems, twenty cents per pound.
On cassia and cassia vera, twenty cents per pound.
On cassia buds and ground cassia, twenty-fivecents
per pound.
On all other splices, twenty cents perpound; ground
or prepared, thirty cents per pound.
On cacao, or cocoa, three conts per pound.
On cocoa leaves or shells, two cents per pound.
On ground cacao, or cocoa, and on prepared cocoa
and chocolate, six cents per pound.
On mustard, ground, in glass or tin, sixteen cents
per pound.
On mustard, ground, dry or wet, twelve cents per
pound.
On brandy, containing fifty per cent, or less of
alcohol, Tralle's hydrometer, three dollars per gal-
lon.
On other spirits manufactured or distilled from
grain or other materials, containing fifty per cent.*
or less, of alcohol, $2 50 per, gallon.
On cordials, liqueurs, and bitters containing spirits,
of all kinds, and on arrack, absynthe, Kirschen-
wasser, ratifia, and other similar spirituous bever-
ages not otherwise provided for in this act, $2 50 per
gallon.
On bay rum or bay water, $150 per proof gallon.
On coloring for brandy, sixty per cent, ad valorem.
On wines of all kinds, irrespective of value, cost of
cask included, containing not more than twenty per
cent, of alcohol, Tralles's hydrometer, fifty cents per
gallon: Provided, That any liquors containing more
than thirty per cent, of alcohol, which shall be
entered under the name of wines, shall be liable to
forfeiture to the United States, and shall be so for-
feited: And provided further, That upon bottled
wines no allowance "shall be made for breakage, un-
less the same shall be shown to be in excess of ten
per cent, of the invoice value of the wines: And
providedfurther, That no champagne or other spark-
ling wines in bottles shall pay a less duty than six
dollars per dozen bottles, each bottle containing not
more than one quart and more than one pint; or six
dollars per two dozen bottles, each containing not
more than one pint; And provided further, That
wines, and other spirituous liquors except brandies,
may be imported in bottles when the package shall
contain not less than one dozen; and all bottles shall
pay a separate and additional duty of three cents
each, whether containing wines, brandies, or other
spirituous liquors subject to duty as hereinbefore
provided: and any spirituous liquors may be im-
ported in casks of any capacity containing not less
than fifteen gallons: Andprovidedfurther, That any
wines, brandies, or other spirituous liquors imported
on and after the 1st day of , 1S&7; in any less
quantities than herein provided for shall be for-
feited to the United States.
On all spirituous liquors nototherwise provided for
in this act, $2 50 per gallon; Provided, That no lower
rate or amount of duty shall be paid on brandy,
spirits, and spirituous beverages than that fixed in
this act for spirits containing fifty per cent, of
alcohol, Tralles's standard; but the rate or amount
shall bo increased in proportion to the amount of
alcohol contained for any greater alcoholic strength
than that of fifty per cent, of alcohol: And pro-
videdfurther, Thatall imitations of brandies, spirits,
or wines, imported by any names whatever, shall be
subject to the highest rate of duty provided for the
genuine article respectively intended to be repre-
sented, and on all compounds or preparations of
whioh distilled spirits are a component part of chief
value, there shall be levied a duty not less than that
imposed upon distilled spirits of like strength.
On ale, porter, and beer in bottles, thirty-five cents
per gallon; otherwise than in bottles, twenty cents
per gallon.
On mineral or medicinal waters or waters from
springs impregnated with minerals, seventy-five
cents for each dozen bottles or jugs, containing not
more than one pint each; and $1 25cents for each
dozen bottles or jugs containing more than one pint,
and not over one quart.
On tobacco in leaf, unmanufactured and not
stemmed, thirty-five cents per pound.
On tobacco manufactured, of all descriptions, and
stemmed tobacco not otherwise provided for, fifty
cents per pound.
On snuff and snuff flour, manufactured of tobacco,
ground, dry or damp, and pickeled, scented, or other-
wise, of all descriptions, fifty cents perpound.
On cigars, cigarettes, and cheroots of all kinds, two
dollars per pound, and, in addition thereto, fifty per
cent, ad valorem: Provided, That paper cigars and
cigarettes, including wrappers, shall be subject to
the same duties as are herein imposed upon cigars:
Andprovided further, That from and after the pas-
sage of this act no cigars shall be imported unless
the same are packed in boxes of not less than five
hundred cigars in each box; and no entry of any im-
ported cigars shall be allowed of less quantity than
three thousand in a single package; and all cigars on
importation shall be placed in public store or bonded
warehouse, and shall not be removed therefrom imtil
the same shall have been inspected and a stamp
affixed to each box, indicating such inspection, with
the date thereof. And the Secretary of the Treasury
is hereby authorized, to provide the requisite stamps
and to make all necessary regulations for carrying
the above provisions of law into effect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The word "kirschen-
wasser," in line eighty of section one, should
be "kirschwasser."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds.) That modification will be made, no
objection being interposed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line eighty, after
"kirschwasser," I move to insert "bernmth."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In lines eighty-six and
eighty-seven I move to strike out the words
"irrespective of value, cask included," and
insert '' imported in casks;" so as to make the
clause read:
On wines of all kinds, imported in casks, contain-
ing not more than twenty per cent, of alcohol, Tralle's
hydrometer, fifty cents per gallon.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After line eighty-eight
I move to insert:
On all wines imported in bottles, not otherwise
herein provided, two dollars per dozen bottles, each
bottle containing not more than one (inart and more
than one pint, or two dollars per two dozen bottles,
each containing not more than one pint.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line eighty-nine I
move to strike out' thirty'' and insert' 'twenty;' *
so as to read:
Provided, That any liquors containing more thaa
twenty per cent, of aleohol which shall be entered
under the name of wines shall be liable to forfeit-
ure, &c.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line ninety-five I
move to strike out the words "value of the
wines," and insert "quantity; and so much in
the fifty-ninth section of an act approved March
2,1799, as provided for allowances for leakage
and breakage is hereby repealedso as to
make the proviso read:
And provided further, That upon bottled wines no
allowance shall be made for breakage, unless the
same shall be shown to be in excess of ten per cent,
of theinvoicequantity ;and so much of the fifty-ninth
section of an act approved March 2,1'799, as proyided
for allowances for leakage and breakage, is hereby
repealed.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line one hundred
and one I move to strike out the word '* other"
before "spirituous," and after the word
"dozen," in line one hundred and three, to
insert "each bottle containing not less than
one and a half pints;" so as to mak£ that
proviso read:
And provided further. That wines and spirituous
liquors, except brandies, may be imported in bottles
when the package shall contain not less than one
dozen, each bottle containing not less than one and.
a half pints.
The amehdment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Inlineonehundredand
five I move to strike out the word "brandies,"
and also the word "other;" so as to read:
And all bottles shallpay a separate and additional
duty of three cents each, whether containing wines
or spirituous liquors subject to duty, &e. t
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line one hundred
and seven I move to strike out the words
"in capacity containing," and to insert "a
capacity of;" so as to read :
And any spirituous liquors may be imported in
casks of a capacity of not less than fifteen gallons.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line one hundred
and fifty-one I move to strike out the words
"the passage of," and after the word "act,"
in the same line, to insert "shall take effect;"
then in lines one hundred and fifty-two and
one hundred and fifty-three to strike out the
words "of not less than five hundred cigars in
each box ;" in line one hundred and fifty-three
to strike out "entry," and insert "importa-
tion;" in line one hundred and fifty-four to
strike out " imported " before " cigars;" and
in line one hundred and fifty-five to strike out
the word "package," and insert "case, on
pain of forfeiture;" so as to make the clause
read :
And provided further, That from and after this act
shall take effect no cigars shall be imported unless
the same are packed in boxes; and no importation
of any cigars shall be allowed of less quantity than
three thousand in a single case, on pain of forfeiture.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Section two of the substitute was next read,
as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the
duties heretofore imposed by law on the importation
of cotton, and the manufactures of cotton, there shall
be levied, collected, and paid the following duties
and rates of duty, that is to say:
On cotton, raw or unmanufactured, three cents per
pound.
