APPENDIX
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39th Com;....2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Eeps.
MESSAGE
OF THE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
Fdloif- Citizens of the Senate
and House of Representatives:
After a brief interval the Congress of the
United States resumes its annual legislative
labors. An all-wise and merciful Providence
hn abated the pestilence which visited our
shore*, leavine its calamitous traces upon some
portions of our country. Peace, order, tran-
quillity. and civil authority have been formally
dei-ared to exist throughout the whole of the
United State?. In all of the States civil au-
thority has superseded the coercion of arms,
 nd the people, by their voluntary action, are
maintaining their governments in full activity
and complete operation. The enforcement of
the laws is no longer "obstructed in any State
by combinations too powerful to be suppressed
by the ordinary course of judicial proceed-
ines;" and the animosities engendered by the
*ar are rapidly yielding to the beneficent in-
fluences of our free institutions, and to the
kindly effects of unrestricted social and com-
mercial intercourse. An entire restoration of
fraternal feeling must be the earnest wish of
every patriotic heart; and we will have accom-
plished our grandest national achievement
"hen. forgetting the sad events of the past,
and remembering only their instructive les-
sons, we resume our onward career as a free,
prosperous, and united people.
In my message of the 4th of December, 1865,
Congress was informed of the measures which
had been instituted by the Executive with a
yiew to the gradual restoration of the States
in which the insurrection occurred to their
relations with the General Government. Pro-
visional Governors had been appointed, con-
ventions called, Governors elected, Legisla-
tures assembled, and Senators and Represent-
atives chosen to the Congress of the United
States. Courts had been opened for the en-
forcement of laws long in abeyance. I He
blockade had been removed, custom-honses
reestablished, and the internal revenue laws
put in force, in order that the people might
contribute to the national income. Postal
operations had been renewed, and efforts were
being made to restore thetn to their former
condition of efficiency. The States them-
selves had been asked to take part in the high
'Miction of amending the Constitution, and of
thus sanctioning the extinction of African sla-
yery as one of the legitimate results of our
internecine struggle.
Having progressed thus far, the executive
department found that it had accomplished
nearly all that was within the scope of its con-
stitutional authority. One thing, however,
39th Cong. 2d Se33.—No. 1.
yet remained to be done before the work of | j
restoration could be completed, and that was ;
the admission to Congress of loyal Senators
and Representatives from the States whose
people had rebelled against the lawful author-
ity of the General Government. This ques-
tion devolved upon the respective Houses,
which, by the Constitution, are made the judges
of the elections, returns, and qualifications of
their own members; and its consideration at
once engaged the attention of Congress.
In the mean time, the executive department—
no other plan having been proposed by Congress
—continued its efforts to perfect, as far as was
practicable, the restoration of the proper re-
lations between the citizens of the respective
States, the States, and the Federal Government,
extending.from time to time, as the public inter-
ests seemed to require, the judicial, revenue, and
postal systems of the country. With the advice
and consent of the Senate, the necessary offi-
cers were appointed, and appropriations made
by Congress for the payment of their salaries, i
The proposition to amend the Federal Consti-
tution, so as to prevent the existence of slavery !
within the United States or any place subject to |
their jurisdiction, was ratified by the requisite j
number of States: and on the 18th day of De- j
cember, 1805, it was officially declared to have j
become valid as a part of the Constitution of I
the United States. All of the States in which |
the insurrection had existed promptly amended
their constitutions so as to make them conform !
to the great change thus effected in the organic 1
law of the land; declared null and void all or-
dinances and laws of secession; repudiated all
pretended debts and obligations created for the
revolutionary purposes of" the insurrection; and
proceeded, in good faith, to the enactment of
measures for the protection and amelioration
of the condition of the colored race. Congress,
however, yet hesitated to admit any of these
States to representation ; and it was not until
toward the close of the eighth month of the
session that an exception was made in favor
of Tennessee, by the admission of her Sena-
tors and Representatives.
I deem it a subject of profound regret that
Congress has thus far failed to admit to seats
loyal Senators and Representatives from the
other States, whose inhabitants, with those of
Tennessee, had engaged in the rebellion. Ten
States—more than one fourth of the whole
number—remain without representation; the
seats of fifty members in the House of Repre-
sentatives and of twenty members in the Sen-
ate are yet vacant, not by their own consent,
not by a failure of election, but by the refusal
of Congress to accept their credentials. Their
| admission, it is believed, would have accom-
' plished much toward the renewal and strength-
j ening of our relations as one people, and re-
' moved serious cause for discontent on the ParJ
1 of the inhabitants of those States, It would
have accorded with the great principle enun-
ciated in the Declaration of American Inde-
pendence, that no people ought to bear the
burden of taxation, and yet. be denied the
right of representation. It would have been
in consonance with the express provisions
of the Constitution, that " each State shall
have at least one Representative," and "that
no State, without its consent, shall be de-
prived of its equal suffrage in the Senate."
These provisions were intended to secure to
every State, and to the people of every State,
the right of representation in each House of
Congress; and so important was it deemed by
the framers of the Constitution that the equal-
ity of the States in the Senate should be pre-
served, that not even by an amendment of the
Constitution can any State, without its con-
sent, be denied a voice in that branch of the
national Legislature.
It is true it has been assumed that the ex-
istence of the States was terminated, by the
rebellious acts of their inhabitants, and that,
the insurrection having been suppressed, they
were thenceforward to be considered merely
as conquered territories. The legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial departments of the Gov-
ernment have, however, with great distinctness
' and uniform consistency, refused to sanction
an assumption so incompatible with the nature
i of onr republican system, and with the pro-
fessed objects of the war. Throughout the
recent legislation of Congress the undeniable
fact makes itself apparent, that the ten politi-
cal communities are nothing less than States
of this Union. At the very commencementof
the rebellion, each House declared, with a
unanimity as remarkable as it was significant,
that the war was not "waged upon our part
in any spirit of oppression, nor for any purpose
of conquest or subjugation, nor purpose of
overthrowing or interfering with the rights or
established institutions of those States, but to
defend and maintain the supremacy of the
Constitution and all laws made in pursuance
thereof, and to preserve the Uuion with all the
dignity, equality, and rights of the several
States unimpaired ; and that as soon as these
objects" were "accomplished the war ought
to cease." In some instances Senators were
permitted to continue their legislative func-
tions, while in other instances Representatives
were elected and admitted to seats after their
States had formally declared their right to with-
draw from the Union and were endeavoring
to maintain that right by force of arms. All
of the States whose people were in insurrec-
tion, as States, were included in the apportion-
ment of the direct tax of $20,000,000 annually
laid upon the United States by the act approved
5th August, 1861. Congress, by the act of
March 4, 1862, and by the apportionment
of representation thereunder, also recognized
their presence as States in the Union; and
