1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gauge, not including tagger's iron, two and three
fourths cents per pound.
  On tagger's iron, not exceeding fourteen inches in
width by twenty inches in length, thirty per cent, ad
.valorem.
On glazed or polished sheet iron of all descriptions,
four cents per pound.
On iiou hoops, cut to uniform length or lengths, fit
for use, all sizes and descriptions, three and one fourth
cents per pound.
On all iron rolled or hammered in shapes, and on
iron known as angle iron, whether in forms of T, L,
and H, or any other forms than round, square, or flat,
not herein otherwise specified, two and three fourths
cents per pound.
On locomotive tire of iron, or bars rolled and cut
for such uses, of whatever lengths, three cents per
pound.
On locomotive tire, or bars rolled for such uses, of
steel, or of iron refined by the Bessemer process, three
cents per po*und.
On railroad splice-bars or chairs, punched or un-
punched, two and one fourth cents per pound.
On railway frogs, frog points, side bars, and finger
bars of iron, three cents per pound.
On iron wire, bright, coppered, galvanized, or tin-
ned, drawn and finished, not more than one fourth
of an inch in diameter nor less than No. 16 wire
gauge, three cents per pound, and, in addition thereto,
fifteen per cent, ad valorem; less in size than N o. 16,
and not less than No. 25 wire gauge, four cents per
pound, and, in addition thereto, fifteen percent, ad
valorem ; less than No. 25 wire gauge, five cents per
pound, and, in addition thereto, fifteen per cent, ad
valorem.
On iron or steel wire rope, made of wire over No.
16 wire gauge in size, six cents per pound; made of
wire less in size than No. 16 and not less than No. 25,
seven cents per pound; made of wire less in size than
No. 25 wire gauge, eights cents per pound: Provided,
That iron wire rope, galvanized, shall pay one fourth
of one cent per pound in addition to the foregoing
rates: And provided, That all iron wire covered with
silk, cotton, or other material shall pay five cents
per pound in addition to the rates of duty herein
imposed on iron wire not covered.
On iron wire cloth, forty per cent, ad valorem.
On wire spiral furniture springs, five cents per
pound.
On machinery forgings, mill irons and mill cranks,
of wrought iron, and wrought iron pieces or parts, of
any weight, for ships, steam-engines, or locomotives,
two cents per pound.
On iron of any size or description not included,
embraced, or enumerated in this act, one and three
fourths cent per pound.
On anchors, or parts thereof, two and one*£ourth
cents per pound.
On iron cables or cable chains, orpartsthereof, two
and one half cents per pound: Provided, That no
chains made of wire or rods of a diameter less than
one half of one inch shall be considered a chain cable.
On chains, trace chains, halter chains, and fence
chains, made of wire or rods not less than one fourth
of an inch in diameter, two and one half cents per
pound; less than one fourth of an inch in diameter,
and not less than No. 0 wire gauge, four cents per
pound; less than No. 9 wire gauge, six cents per
pound.
On anvils of all descriptions^two and one half cents
per pound.
On blacksmiths' hammers, stone hammers, and
sledges of all descriptions, wholly or partially finished,
two and one half cents per pound.
On wrought-iron washers, nuts, bolts, or rivets,
wholly or partially finished, of all descriptions,
punched or unpunched, two and a half cents per
pound.
On wrought-iron tubes and flues, of all descrip-
tions, three and one half cents per pound.
On wrought-iron hinges of all descriptions, and
bed-screws, three cents per pound.
On galvanized iron, tin plates galvanized, and
iron coated with ziHc, of all descriptions, three and
one half cents per pound.
On wrought-iron board nails and spikes, and nails
made of wire, three cents per pound.
On horse and mule shoes, two cents per pound.
On cut nails and spikes of all descriptions, one and
a half cent per pound.
On horse-shoe nails, all kinds, five cents per pound.
On cut tacks, brads, or sprigs, not exceeding six-
teen ounces to the thousand, two and a half cents
per thousand; exceeding sixteen ounces to the thou-
sand, three cents per pound.
On screws, commonly called woodscrews, two inches
or over in length, eight cents per pound; less than
two inches in length, eleven cents per pound.
On all other screws of iron, not herein enumerated,
and on screws of any other metal than iron, forty per
cent, ad valorem.
On vessels of c.\st-iron, not herein otherwise pro-
vided for, and on and-irons, sad-irons, tailors' and
hatters' irons, stoves and stove-plate^ofcast-iron, one
and three fourths cent per pound.
On glazed, tinned, or enameled cast-iron hollow-
ware, four and a half cents per pound.
On tinned and enameled wrought-iron hollow-
ware, six and a half cents per pound.
On cast-iron steam-gas water-pipe, one and three
fourth ccnt per pound.
On cast-iron buts and hinges, two and one half
cents per pound.
On all other castings of iron, not herein otherwise
provided for, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On all puddled and blistered steel, and on all steel
other than cast or shear steel, in bars, sheets, slabs,
plates, coils composed of rods or bars above throe
eighths of an inch in diameter, axles, tire, and parts
of machinery forgings, a duty of throe cents per
pound.
On all cast and shear steel in bars, ingots, sheets,
slabs, plates, coils composed of rods or bars above
three eighths of an inch in diameter, axles, tire, and
parts of machinery forgings, valued at seven cents
per pound or less, a duty of four cents per pound.
On all cast and shear steel, in bars, ingots, sheets,
slabs, plates, coils, composed of rods or bars above
three eighths of an inch in diameter, axles, tire, and
parts of machinery forgings, and steel-wire rods
exceeding three eighths of an inch in diameter, val-
ued at above seven cents per pound, a duty of four
and a half cents per pound, and, in addition thereto,
ten per cent, ad valorem.
On steel rods and steel-wire rods not exceeding
three eighths of an inch in diameter, .and not less
than one eighth of an inch in diameter, a duty of
three and a half cents per pound, and in addition
thereto, ten per cent, ad valorem; less than one
eighth of an inch in diameter, four cents per pound,
and, in addition thereto, ten per cent, ad valorem.
On steel wire not less than No. 16 wire gauge, a
duty of five cents per pound, and, in addition thereto,
twenty per cent, ad valorem.
On steel wire, lessor finer than No. 16 wire gauge,
six cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, twenty
per cent, ad valorem.
On metal, converted, cast, or made from iron by
the Bessemer or^ pneumatic process, of whatever
form or description, except railway bars, whether
invoiced as steel, or iron, or otherwise, three cents
per pound.
On railway bars, made in wholo or in pa-t by the
Bessemer or pneumatic process, and steel railway
bars, made in whole or in part by any other process,
two cents per pound. "
On cast-steel car-wheels, a duty of three cents per
pound.
On steel carriage springs, six cents per pound.
On steel railway frogs, frog-points, fish-bars, side-
bars, splicc bars, cutter-bars, finger-bars, crowbars,
and sledge-molds, three and one half cents per pound.
On crinoline and hat steel-wire, flattened, whether
covered or otherwise, nine cents per pound, and, in
addition thereto, ten per cent, ad valorem.
On cross-cut saws, twelve cents per lineal foot; on
mill, pit, and drag saws, not over nine inches wide,
fifteen cents per lineal foot; over nine inches wide,
twenty-five cents per lineal foot.
On all hand-saws, not over twenty-four inches in
length, SI 35 cents per dozen, and, in addition thereto,
thirty per cent, ad valorem.; over twenty-four inches
in length, two dollars per dozen, and, in addition
thereto, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
On all back-saws notexceedingten inches in length,
one dollar per dozen, and, in addition thereto, thirty
per cent, ad valorem; over ten inches in length, $1 50
per dozen, and, in addition thereto, thirty per cent.
ad valorem.
On files, file-blanks, rasps, and floats of every de-
scription, not exceeding ten inches in length, twelve
cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty per
cent, ad valorem/ ovor ten inches in length, six
cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty per
cent, ad valorem.
On squares of steel or iron, marked for measuring,
nine cents per pound, and, in addition thereto,
thirty per cent, ad valorem.
# On needles of all kinds for sewing, darning, knit-
ting, and crocheting, thirty percent, ad valorem; on
needles for knitting or sewing machines, one dollar
per thousand, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five
per cent, ad valorem.
On table cutlery, valued at not over five dollars
per gross, forty per cent, ad valorem.
On table cutlery, with other than ivory, pearl, or
metal handles, valued at over five dollars per gross,
forty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On butcher-knivcs, cooks', and shoe-knives, and
spatulas and palettes, forty-five percent, ad valorem.
On cutlery of all kinds, not including pocket cut-
leiy, not herein otherwise provided for, forty-five
per cent, ad valorem.
On pocket knives and pocket cutlery of all kinds,
fifty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On swords and sword-blades, fifty per cent, ad va-
lorem.
On planters'or other hoes, wholly or in part of steel
or iron, $1 50 per dozen.
% On steel skates, costing twenty cents or less per pair,
eight cents per pair; costing over twenty cents per
pair, forty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On padlocks and currycombs of every description,
and of whatever material composed, fit teen cents per
dozen, and, in addition thereto, forty-five per cent.
ad valorem.
On chest, drawer, till, cupboard, trunk, and ward-
robe locks of every description, and on door and
shutter bolts and wrought-iron drawer handles, forty-
five per cent, ad valorem.
On hardware, tools, implements, carpenters' tools,
vices, braces, bitts, firc-tongs, and shovels, house
building hardware not otherwise herein provided
for, sheaves,scales,instruments for surgical and med-
ical uses, and all like finished articles of steel wholly
or in part, or of iron, brass, copper, or other metal,
and whether washed, plated, or gilt, forty-five per
cent, ad valorem.
On all harness and saddlery hardware, forty-five
per cent, ad valorem.
On muskets, rifles, fowling pieces, pistols, and all
other fire-arms, forty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On all machinery composed in part of iron or steel
for the manufacture of flax or hemp, and for the
manufacture of combing wools or worsted, silk and
worsted, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
All machinery forother purposes, composed in part
of iron or steel, or of any other metal or material,
complete or in parts, forty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On steel in any form, and on manufactures of steel
of every description not otherwise herein provided
for, fifty per cent, ad valorem.
, On trays and waiters, and all other articles of
japanned, gilt, or plated-ware, not herein otherwise
provided for, fifty per cent, ad valorem.
On machine cards, or. card clothing, for use in cov-
ering cardmgengines, or parts of thesame,composed
i?a^ r an<* Wlre  or cloth and wire, whether the
c i>ii eomPosed wholly of wool, flax, or cotton, or
of the same materials mixed with India-rubber, or
combined with each other, and India-rubber in any
way, forty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move tp strike out
from lines seven to eleven inclusive, and to in-
sert instead thereof:
On old iron, cast or wrought, three dollars per ton:
Provided, That nothing shall be deemed old iron ex-
cept waste or refuse material or iron that has fcecn
in actual use andjs fit only to be remanufactured by
melting or reheating and rolling or welding.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line twenty-three I
move to strikeout "and"' and insert "or,"
and to make the same change in line twenty-
four after the word "wide."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those mod-
ifications will be made, no objections being
interposed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line thirty I move
to strike out " eight" and insert " five," so as
to read "No. 5 wire gauge."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After "rods," in line
forty-three, I move to insert "and wire-rods;"
so as to read :
On rods and wire-rods less than five sixteenths of
an inch diameter, &c.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to. *
Mr. FESSENDEN. Afterthe word "band,"
in line^ fifty-two, I move to insert "strip, scalp,
tube ; " and in line fifty-three, to change
" eight" to " five so as to read :
On all sizes of hoop, bnnd, strip, scalp, tube, and
scroll iron, thinner than No. 5 and not thinner than
IS' o. 14 wire gauge, &c.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. At the end of line
eighty the word "on" should be "or."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modi-
fication will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line eighty-three I
move to strike out "and cut" and insert "or
hammered ;" and in line eighty-five, after
"rolled" to insert " or hammered."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After line one hundred
and twenty I move to insert this proviso:
Provided, That no iron, except railroad iron and
old scrap-iron, on which a speciiicduty isfixedby this
act, shall pay a less rate of duty than thirty-five per
ccnt. ad valorem.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line one hundred
and seventy I move to insert "glazed" after
"on ;" and after" tinned" to strike out " and"
and insert " or;" so as to read :
On glazed, tinned, or enameled wrought-iron hol-
low-ware, &c.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line one hundred and
seventy-two "steam-gas1' should be "steam,
gas," and "or" should be inserted after"gas;"
so as to read " on cast-iron steam, gas, or water
pipe," &c.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In ine two hundred
and twelve I move to strike out "steel" before
railway," and in line two hundred and thir-
teen afler '-part" to insert "of steel;" so as
to read "railway bars made in whole or in part
of steel."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. _ FESSENDEN. In line two hundred
and eighty-one I mov« to strike out " forty-
five" and insert "fifty;" so as to make fifty per
