APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Message of the President.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
they have, for judicial purposes, been divided
into districts, as States alone can be divided.
The same recognition appears in the recent
legislation in reference to Tennessee, which
evidently rests upon the fact that the functions
of the State were not destroyed by the rebel-
lion, but merely suspended; and that principle
is of course applicable to those States which,
like Tennessee, attempted to renounce their
places in the Union.
The action of the executive department of
the Government upon this subject has been
equally definite and uniform, and the purpose
of the war was specifically stated in the procla-
mation issued by my predecessor on the 22d
day of September, 1862. It was then solemnly
E reclaimed and declared that "hereafter, as
eretofore, the war will be prosecuted for the
object of practically restoring the constitu-
tional relation between the United States and
each of the States and the people thereof, in
which States that relation is or may be sus-
pended or disturbed."
The recognition of the States by the judicial
department of the Government has also been
clear and conclusive in all proceedings affect-
ing them as States, had in the Supreme, cir-
cuit, and district courts.
In the admission of Senators and Repre-
sentatives from any and all of the States, there
can be no just ground of apprehension that per-
sons who are disloyal will be clothed with the
powers of legislation; for this could not hap-
pen when the Constitution and the laws are
enforced by a vigilant and faithful Congress.
Each House is made the "judge of the elec-
tions, returns, and qualifications of its own
members," and may, "with the concurrence
of two thirds, expel a member.'' When a Sen-
ator or Representative presents his certificate
of election he may at once be admitted or re-
jected ; or, should there be any question as to
his eligibility, his credentials may be referred
for investigation to the appropriate commit-
tee. If admitted to a seat, it must be upon
evidence satisfactory to the House of which
he thus becomes a member, that he possesses
the requisite constitutional and legal qualifi-
cations. If refused admission as a member
for want of due allegiance to the Government,
and returned to his constituents, they are ad-
monished that none but persons loyal to the
United States will be allowed a voice in the
legislative councils of the nation, and the po-
litical power and moral influence of Congress
are thus effectively exerted in the interests of
loyalty to the Government and fidelity to the
Union. Upon this question, so vitally affect-
ing the restoration of the Union and the per-
manency of our present form of Government,
my convictions, heretofore expressed, have un-
dergone no change ; but, on the contrary, their
correctness has been confirmed by reflection
and time. If the admission of loyal members
to seats in*the respective Houses of Congress
was wise and expedient a year ago, it is no less
wise and expedient now. If this anomalous
condition is right now—if, in the exact condi-
tion of these States at the present time, it is
lawful to exclude them from representation, I
do not see that the question will be changed
by the efflux of time. Ten years hence, if
these States remain as they are, the right of
representation will be no stronger; the right
of exclusion will be no weaker.
The Constitution of the United States makes
it the duty of the President to recommend to
the consideration of Congress "such measures
as he shall judge necessary or expedient." I
know of no measure more imperatively de-
manded by every consideration of national
interest, sound policy, and equal justice, than
the admission of loyal members from the now
unrepresented States. This would consummate
the work of restoration, and exert a most sal-
utary influence in the reestablishmentof peace,
harmony, and fraternal feeling. It would tend
greatly to renew the confidence of the Ameri-
can people in the vigor and stability of their
institutions. It would bind us more closely
together as a nation, and enable us to show to
the world the inherent and recuperative power
of a Government founded upon the will of the
people, and established upon the principles of
liberty, justice, and intelligence. Our increased
strength and enhanced prosperity would irref-
j ragably demonstrate the fallacy of the argu-
1 ments against free institutions drawn from our
recent national disorders by the enemies of-
republican government. The admission of
loyal members from the States now excluded
from Congress, by allaying doubt and appre-
hension, would,turn capital, now awaiting an
opportunity for investment, into the channels
of trade and industry. It would alleviate the
present troubled condition of those States, and,
by inducing emigration, aid in the settlement
of fertile regions now uncultivated, and lead to
an increased production of those staples which
have added so greatly to the wealth of the na-
tion and the commerce of the world. New
fields of enterprise would be opened to our
progressive people, and soon the devastations
of war would be repaired, and all traces of our
domestic differences effaced from the minds of
our countrymen.
In our efforts to preserve "the unity of
government which constitutes us one people,"
by restoring the States to the condition which
they held prior to the rebellion, we should be
cautious, lest, having rescued our nation from
perils of threatened disintegration, we resort
to consolidation, and in the end absolute des-
potism, as a remedy for the recurrence of
similar troubles. The war having terminated,
and with it all occasion for the exercise of
powers of doubtful constitutionality, we should
hasten to bring legislation within the bound-
aries prescribed by the Constitution, and to
return to the ancient landmarks established
by our fathers for the guidance of succeeding
generations. " The Constitution which at any
time exists, until changed by an explicit and
authentic act of the whole people, is sacredly
obligatory upon all." " If, in the opinion of
the people, the distribution or modification of
the constitutional powers be, in any particu-
! lar, wrong, let it be corrected by an amend-
j ment in the way in which the Constitution
designates. But let there be no change by
j usurpation ; for'' " it is the customary weapon
| by which free Governments are destroyed."
: Washington spoke these words to his comitry-
i men, when, followed by their love and grati-
tude, he voluntarily retired from the cares of
public life. "To keep in all things within the
pale of our constitutional powers, and cherish
the Federal Union as the only rock of safety,"
were prescribed by Jefferson as rules of action
to endear to his " countrymen the true princi-
ples of their Constitution, and promote a union
of sentiment and action equally auspicious to
their happiness and safety." Jackson held
that the action of the General Government
should always be strictly confined to the sphere
of its appropriate duties, and justly and forci-
bly urged that our Government is not to be
maintained nor our Union preserved "by in-
vasions of the rights and powers of the several
States. In thus attempting to make our Gen-
eral Government strong, we make it weak.
Its true strength consists in leaving individuals
and States as much as possible to themselves;
in making itself felt, not in its power, but
in its beneficence; not in its control, but in
its protection; not in binding the States
more closely to the center, but leaving each to
move unobstructed in its proper constitutional
orbit." These are the teachings of men whose
deeds and services have made them illustrious,
and who, long since withdrawn from the scenes
of life, have left to their country the rich legacy
of their example, their wisdom, and their pa-
triotism. Drawing fresh inspiration from their
lessons, let us emulate them in love of country
and respect for the Constitution and the laws.
The report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury affords much information respecting the
revenue and commerce of the country. His
views upon the currency, and with reference
to a proper adjustment of our revenue system,
internal as well as impost, are commended to
the careful consideration of Congress. In my
last annual message I expressed my general
views upon these subjects. I need now only
call attention to the necessity of carrying into
every department of the Government a system
of rigid accountability, thorough retrenchment,
and wise economy. With no exceptional nor
unusual expenditures, the oppressive burdens
of taxation can be lessened by such a modifi-
cation of our revenue laws as will be consistent
with the public faith and the legitimate and
necessary wants of the Government.
The report presents a much more satisfac-
tory condition of our finances than, one year
ago, the most sanguine could have anticipated.
During the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1865, the last year of the war, the public debt
was increased $941,902,537, and 011 the 31st of
October, 18G5, it amounted to $2,740,854,750.
On the 31st day of October, 1866, it had been
reduced to $2,551,310,006, the diminution,
during a period of fourteen months, commen-
cing September 1,1805, and endingOctober 31,
1866, having been $206,370,565. In the last
annual report on the state of the finances it
was estimated that during the three quarters
of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June last,
the debt would be increased $112,194,947.
During that period, however, it was reduced
$31,190,387, the receipts of the year having
been $89,905,905 more, and the expenditures
$200,529,235 less, than the estimates. Nothing
could more clearly indicate than these state-
ments the extent and availability of the na-
tional resources, and the rapidity and safety
with which, under our form of government,
great military and naval establishments can
be disbanded, and expenses reduced from a
war to a peace footing.
During the fiscal year endipgthe30thof June.
1866, the receipts were $558,032,620, and the
expenditures $520,750,940, leaving an available
surplusof $37,281,680. It is estimated that the
receipts for the fiscal year ending the 30th June,
1807, will be $475,061,386, and that the ex-
penditures will reach the sum of $316,428,078,
leaving in the Treasury a surplus of $158,-
G83i,3Q8. For the fiscal year ending June 80,
1868, it is estimated that the receipts will
amount to $436,000,000. and that the expend-
itures will be $350,247,641—showing an excess
of $85,752,359 in favor of the Government.
These estimated receipts may be diminished by
a reduction of excise and import duties: but
after all necessary reductions shall have been
made the revenue of the present and of fol-
lowing years will doubtless be sufficient to cover
all legitimate charges upon the Treasury and
leave a large annual surplus to be applied to
the payment of the principal of the debt. There
seems now to be-110 good reason why taxes may
not be reduced, as the country advances in pop-
ulation and wealth, and yet the debt be extin-
guished within the next quarter of a century.
Tlie report of the Secretary of War furnishes
valuable and importantinformation in reference
to the operations of his Department during the
past year. Few volunteers now remain in the
service, and they are being discharged as rap-
idly as they can be replaced by regular troops.
The Army has been promptly paid, carrfullv
provided with medical treatment, well sheltered
andsubsisted, and is tobefurnished withbreech-
loading small-arms. The military strength of
the nation has been unimpaired by the discbarge
of volunteers, the disposition of unserviceable
or perishable stores, and the retrenchment of
expenditure. Sufficient war material to meet
any emergency has been retained, and. from the
disbanded volunteers standing ready to respond
to the national call, large armies can be rapidly
organized, equipped, and concentrated. For-
