1861
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
On dextrine or British gum, ami on gum substitute,
four cents per pound.
On emery, ore or rock, twelve dollars per ton.
On emery, ground or pulverized, two cents per
pound.
On emery cloth and emery paper, thirty-five Der :
cent, ad valorem.
On ergot, twenty cents per pound*
On ergotine, one dollar per ounce.
On essences, so-called, not properly designated as
essential oils, and on cosmetics, hair oils, pomades,
hair d ressings and hair dyes, dentifrices, and all tooth
washes and.tooth pastes, aromatic cacnous, or other
perfumes and cosmetics, by whatever name or names
known, used or applied as perfumes, or applications
to thenair, mouth, or skin, and not'otherwise herein
provided for, fifty per cent, ad valorem..
On all essences or compounds distilled or expressed,
and on all compounds or preparations of which dis-
tilled spirits is a component part of chief value, three
dollars per gallon, and, in addition thereto, fifty per
cent, ad valorem.
On medicinal extracts, namely: on extracts of
aconite, chamomile or anthemis, digitalis Or fox-
glove, humulus or hops, ipecacuanha, quassia, and
valerian, fifty-five cents per pound; on extracts of
arnica, colchicum, colocynth, simple or compound,
nux vomica, rhatany, and stramonium, onedollarper
pound; on extracts of belladonna, hyoscyamus, and
lettuce, forty cents per pound; on laetucarium, two
dollars per pound; on extracts of cannabis indica, or
Indian hemp, or gunjah, and opium, when strictly an
official extract for medical uses, $250 per pound; on
extracts of conium, cicuta, or hemlock; gentium;
papaver, or poppy; and taraxacum, or dandelion,
fifteen cents per pound; on extracts of cinchona, or
Peruvian barks, and calumba, or columbo, $3 30 per
pound; on extract of elaterium, or elaterium, sixty
cents per ounce; on extract of hellebore, sixty-five
cents per pound; on extracts of jalap and rhubarb,
$L 35 per pound; on all medicinal extracts not other-
wise herein provided for, forty per cent, ad valorem;
on extract of madder, as garancine, or in any other
form, ten per cent, ad valorem ,♦ on extract of indigo,
acid or neutral,twenty percent, advalorem/ on car-
mined indigo, and on all preparations of indigo not
otherwise provided for, twenty per cent, ad valorem ;
on extract of logwood or Campeachy wood, and on
all other extracts and decoctions of dye woods, ten
per cent, ad valorem.
On fruit ethers, and all ethers used as fruit or liquor
flavors, not otherwise herein provided for, $2 50 per
pound.
On all ethers and ethereal extracts, not otherwise
herein provided for, two dollars per pound.
On fulminates and fulminating powders, $2 50 per
pound.
On mtro-glycerinc, or blasting oil, orglonoin, fifty
cents per pound.
On gelatine, refined or white glues, twenty cents
per pound; and all gelatines and glues, the value of
which shall exceed twenty-five cents per pound,
shall be considered white.
On dark glues and glue sizings,and on allgluesnot
refined, five cents per pound.
On isinglass and fish glue, fifty cents per pound.
On glycerine in all forms, thirty per cent, ad
valorem.
On glucose, or grape sugar, six cents per pound.
On gum-arabic, known as sorts, or natural un-
picked Alexandria or Turkey gum, on Mogadore
gum, and on ail acacia gums, not otherwise herein
provided for, three cents per pound.
On gum-arabic, picked, known as Alexandria or
Turkey first, second, and third, picked, six cents per
pound.
On gum arabic, known as gum Gedda, gum Sene-
gal, Barbary gum. East India gum, Cape gum, Aus-
tralian gum, or by whatever name known, provided
the kind, quality, value, and uses to besimilar to gum
Gedda, one and one half cent per pound.
On gum benzoin or Benjamin, ten cents per pound.
On copal or gum copal, and sandaracor gum san-
darac; on dammar or gum dammar, and on all resin-
ous gums orsubstances used for similar purposes, and
not otherwise herein provided for, three cents per
pound-
On gamboge, or gum gamboge, twelve cents per
pound.
On kowrie, or gum kowrie, two cents per pound.
On mastic, or gum mastiche, thirty cents per pound.
On shellac, or gum shellac, three cents per pound.
On gum tragacanth, known as sorts, or natural un-
picked tragacanth, five cents per pound.
On gum tragacanth, picked, ten cents per pound.
Qn gum olibanum, guaiac, myrrh, bdellium, galba-
nura, thus, and all other medicinal gums or gum re-
sins of like character or use, not otherwise provided
for, six cents per pound.
On preserved or pickled ginger, and on extract oi
ginger, fifty per cent, ad valorem. #
On ground or oalcined plaster of Paris, or ground
or calcined gypsum, or sulphate of lime, forty per
cent, ad valorem.
On terra alba, blonde trieste, or any other prepara-
tion of sulphate oflime, not herein otherwise provided
for, ono cent per pound.
On hyoscyamusor henbane leaf, ten cents per pound.
On ink powders and ink of all kinds, thirty-five per
Cent, ad valorem.
On iodine, crude, fifty cents per pound.,
On iodine, resublimed, seventy-fivecents per pound.
On all salts and preparations of iodine, not other-
wise herein provided tor, thirty per oent. ad valorem,
On ipecac, fifty cents per pound.
On jalap, fifty cents per pound.
On iron rust, red oxide, black oxide, and all dry
oxides of iron, not otherwise heroin provided for, five
""cents per pound.
On iron powder, and all ohlorldes, salts, solutions,
and chemical or medicinal preparations of iron, not
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 39.
otherwise herein provided for, thirty per cent, ad
valoreip,.
On iron by hydrogen, twenty-five cents per pound.
On juniper berries, two cents per pound.
On laurel berries, two cents per pound.
On lac dye, five cents per pound.
On lac spirits and lac dye liquid, thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem.
Onlactarene, twenty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On lactose, lactin, or sugar of milk, six cents per
pound.
On medicinal leaves, flowers, berries, roots, and
plants, dry, and not otherwise prepared, and not,
otherwise herein provided for, twenty per cent, ad
valorem.
On buchu leaves, ten cents per pound.
On muriate of lime and citrate of lime, twenty per
cent, ad valorem.
On all chemical and medicinal preparations of lime,
not otherwise herein provided for, thirty per cent.
ad valorem.
On lime juice and on lemon juice, simple or con-
centrated, ten cents per gallon.
On white lead or carbonate of lead, dry, four cents
per pound.
" On white lead, moist, or ground in water or in oil,
five cents per pound.
On litharge or semi-vitrified oxide of lead, dry,
four cents, per pound.
On red lead or minium, or red oxide of lead, dry,
four cents per pound.
On red lead, moist, or ground in water or in oil,
four cents per pound.
On orange mineral or orange red, or orange-colored
oxide of lead, fourcents per pound.
On all paints, pigments, enamels, sizings, and glaz-
ings of lead, not otherwise herein provided for, dry,
moist, or ground in oil, five cents per pound.
On acetate of lead, or sugar of lead, ten cents per
pound.
On chromate of lead or chrome yellow, six cents
per pound.
On nitrate of lead, three cents per pound.
On lint, linen or cotton, or mixed, forty per cent.
ad valorem.
On liquorice root, two cents per pound r liquorice
paste, juice, or rolls, ten cents per pound.
On litmus paper, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
On all extracts of litmus, extracts of orchil or archil,
or other lichens, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
On magnesia carbonate, six cents per pound.
On sulphate of magnesia, or Epsom salts, one cent
per pound.
On calcined magnesia, twelve cents per pound.
On all other preparations of magnesia, not other-
wise herein provided for, forty per cent ad valorem.
On manganese, crude or mineral, ten per cent, ad
valorem.
On prepared oxide of manganese, and on sulphate
of manganese, forty per cent, ad valorem.
On methylated spirit, or any similar spirit, the duty
imposed on distilled spirits.
On Iceland moss and all other mosses, crude, ten
per cent, ad valorem.
On musk, crude, in natural pod, two dollars per
ounce.
On musk in grain, or manufactured musk, §2 50
per ounce.
On civet, crude, one dollar per ounce.
• On oil of musk and civet, fifty cents per ounce.
On ochres and ochrey earths, terra umbra or um-
ber, terra di sienna, Spanish brown, Roman ochre,
French ochre,-and ail colored earths or preparations
of colored earths used for similar purposes, and not
otherwise herein provided for, if dry, fifty cents per
one hundred pounds; if ground in oil, five cents per
pound.
On oils, expressed or unctuous, not volatile, aro-
matic, or essential, namely: on neat's foot oil and all
animal oils, crude, not otherwise herein provided
for, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
On all pomades, dressings, and preparations of oils
for personal use, fifty per cent, ad valorem.
On pomades and perfumed oils not prepared for
personal use, made by the process known as enfleur-
age, and used exclusively for the manufacture of
perfumery, fifty cents per pound.
On linseed, flaxseed, hempseed, and rapeseed oil,
and on oil of sesame or bene oil, twenty-three cents
per gallon. ,
On castor oil, ricina oil, or palma-christi oil, sev-
enty-five cents per gallon.
On olive oil in casks or bottles, known as salad oil,
or of such quality as to be adapted to table uses, and
mustard oil of similar grade or quality, and on salad
or table oils of every description, one dollar per gal-
lon: Provided, That all salad oil in bottles or flasks
shall pay a separate and additional duty of three
cents on each bottle or flask.
On olive oil and mustard oil, and all similar oils of
lower grade or quality and value than salad or table
oils, and not used for salad and table purposes, and
not otherwise herein provided for, fifty cents per
gallon.
On whale oil, seal oil, and fish oil of foreign fishing,
twenty'cents per gallon,
On rock oil, peat, shale, wood, and coal oil, and on
all bituminous oils, crude, ten cents per gallon. t
On all rook, peat, shale, wood, coal, and bituminous
oils, refined, and not otherwise herein provided for,
thirty cents per gallon.
On all expressedoils of seeds or plantsnot contain-
ing essential oils, and not otherwise herein provided
for, fifty cents per gallon.
On burning fluid, three dollars per gallon.
On oils, essential, volatileor aromatic, whether ob-
tained by distillation or by compression and absorp-
tion, or however obtained or made, namely: on oils
of allspice or pimento, cumin or cuminseed, dill or
anethum, and fern or male fern, twodollars per pound;
on oil of sweet almonds, fifteen cents J>er pound; on
oil of almonds, essential, or oil of bitter almonds,
$1 50 per pound; on oil of amber or succinum, crude,
six cents per pound; on oil of amber <# succiuum,
rectified, eighteen cents per pound; on oils of anise
seed, calamus or flag-root, cassia, cedar, and rue,
$1 15 per pound; on oils of apple, apricot, peach,
pear, pineapple, raspberry, strawberry, or other fruit
oils, essences or ethers, or oil substances made to re-
semble them,or for similar uses, $2 50 per pound; on
oils of bay, or bay rum, or bay leaves, two dollars per
pound; on oil of bergamot, $1 50 per pound; on oils
of black pepper, chamomile or anthemis, patchouli,
and mustard, essential or volatile, six dollars per
pound; onoilsofeajeput,carawayorcarui, citronella,
fennel or foeniculum, jasmin or jessamine, juniper,
either from the berries or the wood, lavender, made,
mirbane, nutmegs, sassafras, thyme or origanum red
or white, and tube-rose, fifty cents per pound; on oil
of cinnamon, whether from the bark or leaves, four
dollars per pound; on oil of cloves, two dollars per
pound; on oil of cognac, or senanthic ether, or oil of
"brandy, four dollars per ounce; on oil of copaiba, or
copaiva, seventy-five cents per pound; on oil of
coriander, $250 perpound; on oil of cubebs, $150 per
pound; on oil of ergot, five dollars per pound;.on
oil of geranium, and on oil of rose geranium, whether
natural, prepared, or rectified, three dollars per
pound; on oil of laurel, twenty cents per pound; on
oil of lemon, seventy-five cents per pound; on oil of
lemongrass, two dollars per pound; on oil of neroli
or orange flowers, sixteen dollars per pound; on oil
of bitter orange, $150 per pound; on oil of sweet
orange, seventy-five cents per pound; on oil of pep-
permint, two dollars per pound; onoilsof petit grain,
sandal wood, valerian, and wormseed, three dollars
per pound; on oil of rhodium, two dollars per pound;
on oil of rose or otto of roses, $1 50 per ounce; on oil
of rosemary, savin or sabina, and spearmint, twenty-
five cents per pound; on oil of rum or oil of wine, or
any oil or essence used in the manufacture of liquors
or wines, and not otherwise herein provided for, two
dollars perounce; on all essential oils, not otherwise
herein provided for, fifty per cent, ad valorem; on
crude fusil oil, or amylic alcohol, two dollars per
gallon.
On opium, two dollars per pound.
On opium prepared for smoking, and on all extracts
and other preparations of opium, not otherwise herein
provided for, one hundred per cent, ad valorem.
On morphia and on all sorts of morphia, two dol-
lars per ounce,
On orange and lemon peel, two cents per pound.
On green paints, namely, on chromc groon, Bruns-
wick green, and imperial green, fourcentsperpound;
on Paris green, French green, and all arsenical
greens, and on all green paints or colors not other-
wise herein provided for, ten cents per pound.
On ultra-marine, or lapis lazuli, twenty-five per
cent, ad valorem.
On dutch pink and rose red, two cents per pound.
On Venetian red, dry, a half eentper pound.
On Venetian red, ground in oil, five cents per
pound.
On prepared paints, oil-colors and water-colors c>f
every description, dry, moist, or in oil, not otherwise
herein provided for, thirty-five percent, advalorem;
and the cost of packing, cases and packages of every
sort in which the same shall be put up shall bo
included in the dutiable value.
On enamel colors for china, crockery, and porcelain
ware, not otherwise herein provided for, thirty-five
per cent, ad valorem.
On paraffine, ten cents per pound.
On perfumes and perfumery, not otherwise herein
provided for, not containing alcohol, fifty per cent.
ad valorem; if containing alcohol as the ingredient
of chief value, three dollars per gallon, and, in addi-
tion thereto, fifty per cent, ad valorem.
On phosphorus, ten cents per pound.
On phosphates and compounds of phosphorus, not
otherwise herein provided for, thirty per cent, ad
valorem.
On phenyl, twenty per cent .ad valorem.
On plumbago or black lead, ten dollars per ton.
On black lead, when prepared for pencils, fifty per
cent, ad valorem.
On polishing powders of all descriptions, polishing
rouge, and on tripoli, five cents per pound.
On potassium, metal, twenty per cent, advalorem.
On saleratus, salt, or tartar, or other refined car-
bonate of potassa, one and a half cent per pound.
On chromatc and bichromate of potassa, three cents
per pound.
On yellow prussiate of potassa, five cents perpound.
On red prussiate of potassa, ten cents per pound.
On chlorate of potassa, five cents per pound.
On iodate, o.r iodide, and hydriodate of potassa,
seventy-five cents per pound.
On saltpeter, or niter, or nitrate of potassa, crude,
one cent per pound. ,
Onsaltpeter, partially refined, two cents perpound.
On saltpeter, or niter, or nitrate of potassa, refined,
three cents per pound.
On cream of tartar, tartrate and bitartrate of
potassa, seven cents per pound.
On muriate of potassa, one fourth cent per pound.
On all salts of potassa, not otherwiso herein pro-
vided for, thirty per cent, advalorem 
On gunpowder, valued at less than twenty centa
per pound, six cents per pound, and, in addition
thereto, twenty per cent, ad valorem,* valued at and
over twenty cents per pound, ten cents per pound,
and, in addition thereto, twenty per cent.-oa valorem.
On putty, five cents per pound. .
On Prussian blue and on China blue, dry or liquid,
twenty cents per pound.
On quassia or bitter wood, one cent per pound.
On quinia, quinidia, and all their salts, thirty-three
cents per ounce. .
On cinchonia, chinoidine, and their salts, ten cents
per ounce.
