1374
THE 00$"G-KESSIOjN"AL GLOBE.
February 15,
Whitaoy, late captain independent company
United States volunteers, and W. H. Ortora,
first lieutenant and late eaptain independent
company United States volunteers, praying
compensation for their services from the date
of their commissions to the date of their dis-
charge ; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. LANE presented the memorial of David
D. Porter, rear admiral United States Navy,
praying that relief may be granted to the widow
and children of the late D. P. Heap, paymas-
ter United States Army, who died from disease
contracted in the service; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
house bills referred.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 281) for the
relief of Thomas W. Fry, jr., late captain and
acting quartermaster, Alton, Illinois; the bill
(H. IS. No. 1168) for the relief of Mrs. Eliza-
beth P. Chipman, widow of Major Charles
Chipman, deceased; the joint resolution (H.
II. No. 254) for the relief of Almanson Eaton,
receiver of public money at the land office at
Stevens's Point, Wisconsin; and the joint reso-
lution (H. B. No. 282) for the relief of James
J. Iludnall, were read twice by their titles, and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
The bill (H. R. No. 1078) to amend section
two, chapter one hundred and twenty-nine of
public acts of 18-19; and the bill (H. U. No.
1170) for the relief of Colonel L. C. Houck,
of Tennessee, were road twice by their titles,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
bills introduced.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
son!, obtained, leave lo introduce a bill (S. No.
007) to arch Tiber creek north of Pennsylvania
avenue; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. it. No. 173) to facilitate the settlement
of accounts of disbursing officers; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILSON also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. (iu8) proposing conditions upon which the
States lately in rebellion may resume their
practical relations to the Government of the
United Slates; which was road twiee by its
title, ordered to lie on the tabic, and be
printed.
message tttom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolution of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 506) to authorize the trustees
of the Foundry Methodist Episcopal Church to
sell square No. 235 in the city of Washington;
and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 103) to provide
in certain cases for the removal of alcohol from
bonded warehouse free from internal tax.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the following bills of the House :
A bill (H. R. No. 251) to extend the time for
codifying the laws relating to customs, author-
ized by the joint resolution approved July 26,
18CC; _ _
A bill (H. R. No. 431) providing for the pun-
ishment-of certain crimes therein named in the
District of Columbia, and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 571) to regulate proceed-
ings before justices of the peace in the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 643) to alter the places
for holding the circuit courts of the United
States for the Rhode Island district;
A bill (II. R. No. 788) to establish and to
protect national cemeteries.
A bill (H. It. No. 848) to amend an act
entitled "An act to incorporate the National
Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphan Home,'' ap-
proved July 25, 1800;
A bill (H. R. No. 907) to amend the law of
the District of Columbia in relation to judicial
proceedings therein;
A bill (H. R. No. 1144) for the relief of
John Gray, a revolutionary soldier;
A bill (H. R. No. 1053) granting an in-
creased pension to John J. Sohan ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1058) for the relief of the
minor children of Solomon Long.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 836) to
equalize the bounties of soldiers, sailors, and
marines who served in the late war for the
Union, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the amendments of the House to the joint
resolution of the Senate (S. R. No. 99) for the
relief of Paul A. Forbes, under his contract
with the Navy Department for building and
furnishing the steam-screw sloop-of-war Idaho.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments.of the Sen-
ate to the bill of the House (H. R. No. 598)
to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States.
The message further announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House (H. R. No.
356) fixing the compensation for the bailiffs
and criers of the District of Columbia, asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Maynard, of Tennessee, Mr. J. F. Farns-
worth, of Illinois, and Mr. F. C._ Le Blond,
of Ohio, managers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the amendment of the House to the
joint resolution of the Sonate No. 90, to sus-
pend temporarily the collection of the direct
tax within the State of West Virginia, except
the amendment of the Senate which strikes out
the sixth section of the amendment of the
House, asked a conference on the disagree-
ing vote of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. W. B. Allison, of Iowa, Mr. J.
A. Gabweld, of Ohio, and Mr. John Hogan,
of Missouri, managers at the same on its part.
unrolled joint resolution signed.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
joint resolution (S. R. No. 146) for the relief
of Charles Clark, marshal of the United States
for the district of Maine ; and it was signed by
the President pro tempore.
government of southern states.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1143.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not believe there
is a quorum present.
The question being taken, there were, on a
division—ayes 9, noes 5; no quorum voting.
Mr. GRIMES. Is it in order to move a call
of the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in
order to move that the Sergeant-at-Arms be
directed to request the attendance of Senators.
Mr. GRIMES. I make that motion.
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa,
that the Sergeant-at-Armsbedirected to request
the attendance of absent Senators.
The motion was agreed to ; there being, on
a division—ayes 14, noes 2.
The Sergeant-at-Arms (at twelve minutes
past seven o'clock) was furnished with a list
of absentees, and directed by the President
pro tempore to wait upon the absent Senators
and request their attendance.
Mr. WILLIAMS, (at twenty minutes past
seven.) I now renew my motion to proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 1143.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Until it is
ascertained that a quorum is present the Chair
cannot entertain any motion except to adjourn
or to direct the Sergeant-at-Arms to request
the attendance of absent Senators.
I move that the Senate
On that motion I call for
Mr. NESMITH.
adjourn.
Mr. CONNESS.
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 3, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Davis, McDougall, and Nes-
mith—3. ^
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Con-
ness, Cragm, Dixon, Fessenden, Foster, Fowler,
Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Henderson, Howard, Howe,
Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan, Morrill, Poland, Ramsey,
Sprague, Stewart, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade,
Willey, Williams,'and Wilsori-
ABSENT-Mess: ~ " "
.. -Messrs. Buckalew, Cattell, Cowan, Cres-
well, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fogg, Guthrie, Harris,
Hendricks, Johnson, Norton, Nye, Patterson, Pome-
roy, Riddle, Ross, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sumner,
and Yates—21.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This vote
discloses the presence of a quorum, and the
Chair will put the question on the motion of
the Senator from Oregon.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1143) to
provide for the more efficient government of
the insurrectionary States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] to the
amendment of the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Johnson.]
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Maryland.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to offer an
amendment to the amendment. After the word
"be," in line eight, I move to insert the word
"impartially," and in the same line to strike
out the word " all." The effect of this amend-
ment will he to provide for impartial, instead
of universal suffrage. As the original amend-
ment now reads, 1 suppose it would not allow
the States to limit suffrage, and I think that
would hardly be the purpose of the mover of
the amendment. It requires that by their con-
stitutions the elective franchise shall be en-
joyed by all male citizens. Hardly anybody,
I think, is desirous of voting for that. The
amendment which I propose will provide for
impartial suffrage to male citizens.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I find
myself in a somewhat awkward position in ref-
erence to this amendment. So utterly am 1
opposed to this bill, and so confident am I that
if it be placed in any shape or form it cannot
command my vote or the vote of any person in
this country entertaining similar views to my-
self, that I cannot allow myself to vote for any
of the proposed amendments to it. It matters
but little to me, and it will matter but little to
the people of the South and to the people of
this country, if State governments are sub-
verted there, if constitutional liberty is struck
down, whether there be impartial suffrage or'
manhood suffrage. The passage of this bill,
if it shall become an act either by the signature
of the President or by the vote of Congress over
a veto, is in my judgment, as we heard this
afternoon, the death-knell, not only of the Re-
public. but of civil and constitutional liberty in
this country. I cannot touch it in any shape,
form, or fashion, or have anything to do with
trying to amend it; but if it be the determi-
nation of those who exercise political power in
this country to put a final end forever to con-
stitutional liberty, and all hope of constitu-
tional liberty in this land, let the dose be as
poisonous as possible. I would not have the
pill coated.
Mr. DAVIS. I am certainly as much op-
posed to this bill as the honorable Senator
from Delaware, but I shall not hesitate one
instant in voting for this amendment; and I
must admit that it is a matter of surprise to
me that my able and true friend cannot get his
own consent to vote for such an amendment as
this. Certainly if there is a choice between
evils at all, that between impartial and univer-
