810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
On resins, not otherwise herein provided for, if
crude, three cents per pound.
On resins, prepared or manufactured, and not
otherwise herein provided for, thirty jper cent, ad
valorem. ^ .
On rhubarb, fifty cents per pound.
Ou resin, two cents per pound.
On crude turpentine; twenty per cent, ad valorem.
On spirits of turpentine, thirty cents per gallon.
On salfron extract and extract of saffiower, thirty
per cent, ad valorem(
On sago, pearl, two cents per pound.
On sago flour-, as used in the arts for dressings and
sizings, and not for dietetic uses, one cent per pound.
On Rochelle salts, fifteen cents per pound.
On Epsom salts, one cent per pound.
On Glauber salts, one hall cent per pound.
On sal acefrosella, salt of sorrel, or binoxalate of
potassa, fivo-cents per pound.
On Seidlitz mixture, ten cents per pound.
On salts not otherwise herein provided for, thirty
percent, ad valorem.
On santonin, five dollars per pound.
>- On worm seed, crude, two cents per pound.
On sarsaparilla, crude, three cents per pound.
On scammony and on resin of scammony, two dol-
lars per pound.
On seeds, namely: on cardamoms in capsules, thirty
cents per pound; not in capsules, seventy-five cents
per pound; on caraway and coriander, three cents
per pound; on fenugreek and fennel-seed, two cents
per pound; on hemp-seed and rape-seed, and on other
oil seeds of like character other than-linseed, a half
cent per pound; on linseed or flaxseed, sixteen cents
per bushel of fifty-two pounds weight; on linseed
meal and linseed cake, twenty per cent, ad valorem;
on castor seed or beans, one and one fifth cent, per
pound; on mustard seed, three cents per pound; on
all seeds not herein otherwise provided for, thirty
per cent, ad valorem.
On senna, in leaf, three cents per pound.
On soda ash, a half cent per pound.
On nitrate of soda, a half cent per pound.
On crude sulphate of soda, or salt cake, one half of
a cent per pound.
On sal soda, soda crystals, and all crude carbonates
of soda-not otherwise herein provided for, a half cent
per pound.
On caustic soda, bicarbonate of soda, and all re-
fined carbonates of soda, one and a half cent per
pound.
On iodate and hydriodate of soda, sixty-five cents
per pound.
On phosphate of soda, hyposulphite of soda, sili-
cate of soda, and all salts of sodanot otherwise herein
provided for, thirty per cent, advolorem.
On sodium metal, or natrium, twenty per cent, ad
valorem.
On soap in all forms not perfumed, nor toilet, in-
cluding castile soap, three cents per pound.
On toilet, perfumed, and fancy soaps, ten cents per
pound, and in addition thereto twenty-five per cent.
ad valorem..
On all soap stocks and soap stuffs not manufactured
or prepared, ton per cent, ad valorem.
On squills or scilla, two cents per pound.
On potato starch, four and a half cents per pound.
On starch of all kinds not otherwise herein pro-
vided for, five cents per pound.
On strontia, in any form, mineral or crude, ten per
cent, ad valorem.
On rritrate of strontia, and all preparations of
strontia, not otherwise herein pr-ovided for, thirty
per cent, ad valorem.
On strychnia, and salts of strychnia, or strychnine,
one dollar per ounce.
On sulphur, or brimstone in rolls, ten dollars per
ton.
On flor or flour of sulphur, twenty dollars per ton.
On lac sulphur, washed sulphur, and precipitated
sulphur, five cents per pound.
On talc, three cents per pound.
On tapioca, cassava, or cassada, two cents per
pound.
On tar or resinous trees, twenty-five cents per gal-
lon.
On coal-tar or mineral tar, twenty per cent, ad
valorem.
On tin crystals, oxymuriate or muriate of tin, and
all salts of tin, dry, six eents per pound.
On tin liquor, and all solutions of tin, three cents
per pound.
On toluidin, two dollars per pound.
On tonca or tonqua beans, twenty cents per pound.
On vanilla beans, three dollars per pound.
On varnishes, prepared, fifty cents per gallon, and,
in addition thereto, twenty-five per cent, ad valo-
rem; if containing alcohol or spirits as the ingredi-
ent of chief value, three dollars per gallon, and, m
addition thereto, twenty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On vegetables or plants, green or fresh, not other-
wise herein provided for, ten percent, ad vcdorcm.
On veratrine or veratria (alkaloid ot hellebore) and
all salts of veratria, $1 50 per ounce.
On vinegar containing not more than four per
cent, of acid, ten cents per gallon.
On vermillion, or prepared cinnabar, and other
• prepared sulphides of mercury, twenty ccnts per
pound.
On concentrated vinegar, tho same duty as on acetic
acid.
On refined or partially refined wax of all descrip-
tions, andonshoefnakers' wax, eight cents per pound,
On sealing wax, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
Ou wood naphtha, or pyroxilic spirit, fifty per cent.
ad valorem.
On dyewoods of all kinds, prepared for use by cut
ti^g, grinding, or otherwise, twenty per cent, ad
valorem. , . . ,
On sulphate ?f zinc or white vitriol, on© cent per
pound. '
On white oxide of zinc, or zinc paint, dry, two cents
per pound.
On white oxide of zinc or any zinc paint, moist or
ground, in water or in oil, five cents per pound.
On all salts of zinc, not otherwise herein provided
for, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
On all pills, powders, tinctures, troches, or lozenges,
syrups, cordials, bitters, anodynes, tonics, plasters,
liniments, salves, ointments, pastes, drops, waters,
essences, spirits, oils, or othermedicinal preparations
or compositions, recommended to the public as pro-
prietary medicines, or prepared according to some
private formula or secret art, as remedies or specifics
for any disease or diseases or affections whatever,
affecting the human or animal body, and upon all
mixed materials for such, in whatever state or stage
of preparation, fifty percent, ad valorem.
On all articles and preparations of drugs, dyes,
chemicals, dietetics, and aliments known or claimed
as patent, or bearing the maker's name as proprie-
tary, and put*up for popular sale and use under a
special name or trade-mark, whether the substance
so put up be or bo not herein elsewhere provided
for, when not so put up, and on .all prepared or
manufactured materials, as boxes, labels, packages,
brands, trade-marks, and so forth, for such articles,
fifty per cent, ad valorem.
On all drugs, dyes, chemicals, paints, and oils,
crude, not otherwise herein provided for, twenty per
cent, ad valorem.
On all prepared drugs, chemicals and medicines,
not otherwise herein provided for, thirty per cent.
ad valorem,.
Mr. PBSSENDEN. Inline fourteen I move
to strike out "ten" and to insert "fifteen,"
so that it will read :
Acetate of lead, or sugar of lead, fifteen cents per
pound.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line twenty-two I
move to strike out "ten" and to insert " fif-
teen," so that the clause will read :
On acetic or pyroligneous acid, exceeding the
specific gravity of 1.010, twenty-five cents per pound;
not exceeding the specific gravity of 1.040, fifteen
cents per pound.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line twenty-five I
move to strikeout "twenty-five" and to insert
" thirty;" so that the clause will read:
On glacial acetic acid, solid at temperatures above
thirty-two degrees Fahrenheit, thirty cents per
pound.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
the whole of line twenty-eight.:
On boracic acid, crude, five cents per pound.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After line thirty-eight
I move to insert as a new paragraph the fol-
lowing :
On nitric, muriatic, and sulphuric acids chemically
pure, eight cents per pound.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line fifty I move to
strike out "fifteen" and to insert "sixteen;"
so that it will read:
On tartaric acid, sixteen eents per pound.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The word "maber,"
in line sixty-six, should be " amber."
The PRESIDING OFFICES. That change
will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line seventy I move
to strike out the words " one cent per pound"
and to insert "thirty cents per one hundred
pounds ;" so as to read:
On sulphate of ammonia, thirty cents per one hun-
dred pounds.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Tho Senator from Maine
has been called out for a few moments, and I
move to strike out the words " and on," in line
ninety-four, and the words "tartar, four" iu
line ninety-five and to insert the word "six:"
so that the clause will read:
On argols or crude tartar, brown, gray, or red, six
cents per pound.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to,
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to strike out lines
ninety-six and ninety-seven, as follows:
On argols, white, or partially refined tartar, six
cents per pound.
The amendment to the amendment waa
agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to strike out
"seven" and to insert "ten" in line ninety-
nine ; so as to read:
On cream of tartar, purified argols, or bitartrate of
potassa, ten cents per pound.
The amendment to the amendment was
to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. In line one hundred and
eight I move to strike out " ten" and to insert
"six;" so as to read:
On belladonna root and belladonna leaf, six eents
per pound.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to add to line one
hundred and twenty-three the words "when
ground, fifteen dollars per ton ;" so tliat it will
read:
On baryta, native carbonate and sulphate, or
heavy spar, crude, five dollars per ton; when ground,
fifteen dollars per ton.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line one hundred
and fifty the word " cent" should be struck
out and the words "and one half cent" in-
serted ; so as to read :
On borate of lime, crude, one and one half cent
per pound.
The amendment to ' the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line one^hundred
and fifty-six I move to strike out " forty"
and to insert seventy-fiyeso as to read:
On bromine, seventy-five cents per pound.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to. ~
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line one hundred
and sixty-six I move to strike out the words
" twenty per cent, ad valorem;" and to insert
" fifteen cents per pound;" so as to make the
clause read:
On corrosive sublimate, cyanide, and iodide of
mercury, red oxide of mercury, red precipitate, and
all salts and preparations of mercury not otherwise
herein provided for, fifteen cents per pound.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
lines one hundred and ninety-seven, one hun-
dred and ninety-eight, and one hundred and
ninety-nine, in these words:
On elay, china clay, pipe-clay, fire-clay, and kao-
line, five dollars per ton.
On fuller's earth, three dollars per ton.
They are but a repetition.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line two hundred
and twenty I move to strike out "one dollar"
and to insert "fifteen cents;" so as to read:
On ergotine, fifteen cents per ounce.
The amendment to the amendment -vas
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
from line two hundred and seventy-five to two
hundred and eighty, inclusive, and in lieu
thereof to insert a more accurate classification
or description, as follows:
On gelatine, glue, and glue sizing? valued at mora
than thirty-five eents per pound, twenty-fivo cents
per pound ; valued at more than fifteen, and less than
thirty-tive cents per pound, ten cents per pound;
valued at less than fifteen cents per pound, five cents
per pound.
Tho amendment to tho amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
line two hundred and eighty-two. which is in
these words, "on glycerine in all forms thirty
percent, ad valorem," and in lieu thereof to
insert:
On crude glycerine, two eents per pound.
On refined glycerine, fifteen eents per poimd.
The amendment to tho amendment was
agreed to.
