1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1375
sal suffrage, in favor of the rformer, is to my
mind so palpable that I cannot understand
upon what principle or reason my honorable
friend refuses to vote for it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The honorable Sena-
tor from Kentucky will excuse me; but he
does not look at this in the same light that I
do. I cannot touch, taste, or handle the un-
clean thing.
Mr. DAVIS. I should greatly prefer to
touch, taste, or handle a little unclean thing
than a great big one. [Laughter.]
Mr. SAULSBURY. Well, Mr. President,
I have a hope, perhaps, which the honorable
Senator has not. In'my judgment there is not
a single provision in this bill that is constitu-
tional and will stand the test in any court of
justice, unless you may call that a court of
justice which is determined to violate the Con-
stitution and to outrage the civil rights of the
people; and if the question must come before
the courts, let it be presented in as odious a
form as possible.
What, sir, are we doing? I shall not now
enter into a discussion of this question, though
I intend to do so before the bill is finally
passed ; but what do we hear here? The agent
reconstructing the principal! What is the
Federal Government? A mere agent created
by the States of this Union with no particle of
original inherent sovereignity about it. And
that Federal Government, established by a
written Constitution defining its powers, a Gov-
ernment simply of delegated powers, now as-
sumes in the face of the people of this country,
and in the eyes of the world, to undertake to
reconstruct its creator! How did the Federal
Government have an existence ? It was be-
cause the people of the thirteen original States,
acting separately for themselves, chose to
establish this Federal Government with certain
specified and limited powers. And I cannot
bring myself to the conclusion that, in the
lines of the history of the formation of the
Constitution, in defiance of all the teachings
of the fathers, and in contravention of every
principle of adjudicated constitutional law, any
court will ever hold this bill to be constitutional
or worth the paper that it is written on; and
let it not be supposed that outraged rights will
not seek the peaceable redress of the courts
of law to test the constitutionality of this
measure. In my judgment—I know able men
for whose judgment 1 have respect differ from
me—this bill is wholly unwarranted by the
Constitution of the country, and for that reason
I do not feel that awful dread of its passage
which under other circumstances I should.
But, sir, I do not wish to touch it as 1 said
before; I will have nothing to do with it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana to the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to know of
the Senator from Indiana what the effect of the
amendment will be.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The effect of my amend-
ment will be to provide for impartial suffrage
instead of tlie present provision in the original
amendment, which is that all male citizens
shall be allowed to exercise the elective fran-
chise, taking away from the State the power to
disfranchise anybody except for rebellion or
felony.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I sincerely hope that
amendment will be adopted, and if the bill is
to pass I attach very great importance to it,
so far as the effect which it is likely to produce
in the States of the South is concerned. My
opinion is, from all the information which I
have been able to obtain, that if the recon-
struction of the States of the South could take
place upon the basis of what is called impartial
suffrage, that is to say, upon such qualifications
as should apply alike to all classes and colors,
the people of the South would in good faith
undertake the work with a view to change their
constitutions and laws in such a way as to pro-
duce that result. But if it be insisted as a con-
dition-precedent that they shall adopt universal
suffrage, I believethe people of the South will
refuse to do anything under the provision, and
would prefer to live under a military govern-
ment.
Mr. President,, it is hardly possible for gen-
tlemen who reside in the free States of the
North to conceive the great difference which
exists between the mass of the colored people
of the South and the colored people of the
northern States. We all know it is the more
enterprising of the colored men who have gone
from the South to the North, generally those
who have been educated in hotels, in steam-
boats, and in families, who have mingled with
fceemen and have been freemen themselves for
a long tim§, have families, support themselves,
provide for themselves, and are educated in
the habits and thoughts and feelings and re-
sponsibilities of freemen. The colored men
of Massachusetts, New York, and Wisconsin
are of a class as compared with the mass of the
colored men of the South very greatly their
superiors. The proposition from any states-
man that the mass of the colored people of the
South who have just been released from bond-
age on the plantations should hold the elective
franchise and determine the interests of the
States and the nation, is to me unaccountable.
I believe that if an amendment is put upon
the bill which requires as a condition-prece-
dent to getting rid of military governments,
that the people of the South shall accept uni-
versal suffrage, in the lower States where the
majority of the population are negroes, as is
the case in some of them, they will refuse it
altogether and prefer living under the govern-
ment of those who carry the sword. Sir, it is
a dangerous experiment to undertake to gov-
ern any people for any length of time by the
sword. You accustom them, in all theirhabits,
to look not to civil law for their rights, but to
look to the word of a man who is an absolute
despot, who hears and decides without trial,
upon impulse, from caprice, from whose de-
cision there is no appeal. To educate a peo-
ple for years under such a system is absolutely
to destroy republican government, and the very
foundations of republican government, for they
cannot exist where a people is educated to
despotism.
Now, Mr. President, I hope the gentlemen
who are in the majority in this Senate, who of
course control this matter as they please, will
seriously weigh this question, because upon it
may depend whether the people of the South
will accept your constitutional amendment
and accept the proposition which is necessary
to get rid of military domination.
Mr. WILSON. Make them.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My friend says make
them accept it. Mr. President, 1 ask the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts if that is the true
language of a statesman, to say to a people
who, like ourselves, have been educated in the
largest liberty, a people in whose veins the
Anglo-Saxon blood is flowing, which for a
thousand years has been fighting against des-
potism in every form, "Yon must accept this
position at the point of the bayonet or forever
live with the bayonet at your throats?" Is
that the wayto make peace? Disfranchise the
whites and put the rule in these States into the
hands of the blacks and hold the whites in
subjection at the point of the bayonet, is that
whatyon call making peace? Is that organizing
a civil government which is to educate the peo-
ple up to a republican form of government?
But, Mr. President, the suggestion made by
the honorable Senator has drawn me aside
from the argument which I was pursuing, and
I was presenting it rather in the nature of an
appeal to the gentlemen who control this ma-
jority, and who as it would seem are deter-
mined to pass this bill in some shape. If it is
to be passed, let it come in such a shape that
the people of the South will accept it. Why
make it impracticable? Why put it in such a
position that they cannot and will not accept
it, and then make their non-acceptance of it
an excuse for holding them under military
domination ?
But, sir, I do not care to go into the dis-
cussionof this bill at the present time. Be-
fore it is disposed of, with the leave of the
Senate, I will express my views upon the gen-
eral subject; and in connection with that,, in
order that I may not trespass more upon the
time of the Senate than 1 ought, it is my pur-
pose also to speak on a matter which concerns
myself personally with reference to the resolu-
tions which have been laid on your table from
the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. WILSON. That is not in order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On this bill the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts remarks that such an
address on my part would not be in order. Mr.
President, it is precisely in order, as I shall
show to the honorable Senator, for it is on
the very questions now pending that the war
on me began, and therefore these very ques-
tions which are culminating in the bills now
before the Senate are the questions upon
which I have been instructed to resign. They
are the same questions, and as I said, for the
purpose of not trespassing upon the Senate on
more than one occasion in the discussion of
the same subject-matter, I will, before the bill
passes, take an opportunity to speak upon that
matter to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON. I made a side remark which
the Senator from Wisconsin has chosen to
comment upon before the Senate. He asked
if the remark made be statesmanship. I wish
to say to the Senator that I think it is states-
manship to settle this question of reconstruc-
tion upon the solid basis of the perfect equality
of rights and privileges among citizens of the
United States. Colored men are citizens, and
they have just as much right as this race whose
blood has been fighting against oppression for
a thousand years, as he saj's, and any settle-
ment of this civil war upon any other basis
than perfect equality of rights and privileges
among citizens of the United States is not
statesmanship ; it is mere trifling ; only keep-
ing open questions for future controversy.
Nothing is settled unless it is settled upon the
basis ot justice.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask the honorable
Senator if this amendment does not put whites
and blacks upon the same ground precisely,
so that whatever qualification is required of
one shall be required of the other. Is there
any inequality in that?
Mr. WILSON. We prepared a constitu-
tional amendment, and we have submitted it to
the country. I think that amendment is often
unvalued. I believe its adoption as a part of
the Constitution of the United States would
settle all these questions in ninety days. They
have refused it. Now, sir, I would require
them to adopt it, to adopt manhood suffrage,
and to give equality of rights and privileges to
all citizens, without distinction of color. We
have the power to do it; we have the right to
do it on account of their rebellion ; and I would
exercise the power and the right, and I believe
that to be for their interest and for the interest
of the whole country. Impartial suffrage means
nothing more nor less than the exclusion of
nearly all the colored persons from the polls.
That is plain and palpable. The only oppor-
tunity of these men is to establish universal
suffrage on the basis of manhood.
The civil rights bill passed in the spring of
1866. I have a partial list of outrages and
murders perpetrated in the rebel States since
the passage of that act, officially reported. All
admit that the eases officially reported make
but a small portion of the outrages or murders
committed. From April to December, in A ;i-
ginia, 18 murders and 105 burglaries in one
county alone ; in North Carolina, 15 muide-'s
of freedmen were committed and 80 outrage-,;
some of the number were assaults with intent
to kill; in South Carolina, 29 murders and
64 outrages; in Georgia, 79 murders; in Mis-
sissippi, 3d murders; 'in Kentucky. 19 mur-
ders ; in Texas, 71 murders, and 10 morliuly
ivounded. Since the passage of tlie ei\ il rights
law 375 murders of freedmen have been com-
mitted in the rebel States, and outrages;
