1866 ]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Ho. of Reps.
he has been criticised by many very intelligent
persons, some of whom have condemned the
policy as involving a heavy loss to the country
in the way of interest; others have objected to
it as a failure on his part to avail himself of
means within his control for reducing the price
of coin, and thus approximating specie pay-
ments; on the contrary, not a few have pro-
nounced all sales of gold by the Government
unwise, on the theory that if the coin received
from customs, and not required for the pay-
ment of interest, should be permitted t J accu-
mulate until it should reach about the same
proportion to the outstanding United States
notes that, in former days, the coin in the
vaults of well-managed banking institutions
sustained to their immediate liabilities, specie
payments might be resumed without a reduc-
tion of the currency and without regard to the
condition of trade between the United States
and other nations.
Under these circumstances, feeling sensible
of the great responsibility of his position, the
Secretary has deemed it safer and better for
the country to act according to the dictates of
his own judgment, carefully regarding the con-
dition of the markets and of the Treasury,
rather than to take his direction from those
who, however intelligent and able, were under
no official obligations to the Government, and
might be less accurately advised in regard to
the actual state of its financial affairs. He has
regarded a steady market as of more importance
to the people than the saving of a few millions
of dollars in the way of interest; and observa-
tion and experience have assured him that, in
order to secure this steadiness in any consider-
able degree, while business is conducted on a
paper basis, there must be power in the Treas-
ury to prevent successful combinations to bring
about fluctuations for purely speculative pur-
poses. He has also been clear in his convic-
tions that specie payments are not to be restored
by an accumulation of coin in the Treasury, to
be paid out at a future day in the redemption
of Government obligations; but rather by
quickened industry, increased production, and
lower prices, which can alone make the United
States what they ought to be—a creditor and
not a debtor nation. These views explain the
course that has been pursued with the gold
which, during his administration of the Depart-
ment, has come into the Treasury. He has
permitted it to accumulate when the use or the
sale of it was not necessary for paying Govern-
ment obligations, or to prevent commercial
panics, or successful combinations against the
national credit; and he has sold whenever sales
were necessary to supply the Treasury with
currency, to ward off financial crises, or to save
the paper circulation of the country, as far as
practicable, from unnecessary and damaging
depreciation. For making sales ho alone is
responsible. If, in conducting them, any favor-
itism has been shown, or if the interests of any
particular class have beert especially regarded,
it has been without his knowledge, and in vio-
lation of his instructions. He has not the
slightest reason to suppose, however, that they
have not been conducted honestly, fairly, and
judiciously.
It may be hardly necessary for the Secretary
to remark that his opinions have undergone no
change in regard to the importance of a resto-
ration of the specie standard, or the means
necessary to effect it. He trusts, however, that
he has not been understood as entertaining the
opinion that a reduction of the currency would
itself necessarily bring about specie pay-
ments, although the chief and essential means
to effcet the desired result. He regards a ve-
dundant legal-tender currency as the prime
canse of our financial difficulties, and a curtail-
ment thereof indispensable to an increase of
labor and a reduction of prices, to an augmen-
tation of exports and a diminution of imports,
which alone will place the trade between the
United States and other nations on an equal
and satisfactory footing.
In order that his views on this point may not
be misapprehended, the Secretary trusts that
he will be pardoned for referring (even at a
risk of a repetition of what he has heretofore
presented in other communications to Congress
and in other ways to the country) to certain
laws, well understood, but too often disregarded,
which regulate international trade and control
the movements of coin. We have traveled so
far from the specie standard, and are so blinded
in regard to our actual financial condition and
our relations with other countries, by an in-
flated and irredeemable currency, and by the
exportation of our securities, that frequent
recurrence to inexorable commercial and finan-
cial laws is necessary.
Ever since trade commenced between the
people of different nations, gold and silver
have been the only reliable and recognized
measure of value and medium of exchanges.
While in their internal trade other representa-
tives of value have, to a greater or less extent,
been used by all nations, money made of these
metals has been pronounced by the judgment
of the world the only currency possessing the
attributes necessary for a uniform and univer-
sal circulating medium. From this judgment
there is no appeal. Not only is it the true and
universally acknowledged measure of value and
medium of exchanges, but by its regulating
flow it indicates the condition and the results
of trade between different nations. Water does
not more naturally seek a level than does
specie flow from one nation to another for the
payment of balances created by an unequal
exchange of commodities. Trade between
nations is generally and chiefly conducted by
an exchange of their productions; but as these
exchanges are never exactly equal, there are
constantly occurring balances to be paid in
something else; and, in their payment, nothing
but the precious metals is a legal tender. It is
this necessity for paying balances in coin which
regulates the trade of nations. It is this great
commercial and financial law which makes the
nation that sells more than it buys the cred-
itor nation, and the nation that buys more than
it sells the debtor nation, and recognizes no
medium but coin in the payment of balances,
that determines the question of the ability of
the United States to resume and maintain spe-
cie payments. If the balance is in our favor,
or, if not in our favor, if the balance against
us is so small that it can be paid without an
exhausting drain upon our precious metals,
specie payments can at once be resumed. Such,
unfortunately, is not the fact. Notwithstand-
ing our heavy exports during the past year,
(thatof cotton having been650,672,820pounds,
or nearly 1,000,000 bales, a quantity greater
than our entire crop of the present year,) the
United States are largely a debtor to Europe.
A few facts will put us right on this point.
Between the year 1848, when gold was first
discovered in California, and the 1st of July,
1866, the product of the gold and silver mines
of the United States was about 81,100,000,000,
nearly all of which has gone into the world's
general stock ; and it is not probable that the
amount of gold and silver now in the United
States is very much larger than it was eighteen
years ago.
During the fisc^ year ending June 30, 1860,
the United States imported:
Foreign merchandise free of duty $59,801,759
Foreign merchandise paying duty 368,508,051
427,309,810
Of foreign merchandise there was
reexported :
Free of duty — $1,907,157
Dutiable   9,434,283
Total (mixed gold and cur-
reney valne)    11,341,420
Which, reduced to currency value, was
equal to  10.2U3.233
Total net imports foreign merchandise.
Tallied in gold -  $411,046,577
Amount brought over  $417,046,577
Imports, specie §10,329,156
01 which there was reexported . 3,400,097
Net imports, spccic  6,928.459
Total net imports, foreign merchandise,
and specie  423,975,036
Duringthefiscal year ending June 30,
1856, the United States exported:
Domestic merchandise, currency value,
$468,040,903, reduced to gold value,
$333,322,085
Specie exported 82,(543,374
Total domestic exports, valued in gold... 415,965,459
Apparent balanco of trade, valued in
sold  S8.009.577
But these figures, taken from the reports of
the custom-houses, do not present the whole
truth. For many years there has been a sys-
tematic undervaluation of foreign merchandise
imported into the United States, and large
amounts have been smuggled into the country
along our extended sea-coasts and frontiers.
To make up for undervaluations and smug-
gling, and for cost of transportation paid to
foreign ship-owners, twenty per cent, at least
should be added to the imports, which would
make the balance for the past year against the
United States nearly $100,000,000. It is evi-
dent that the balances have been largely against
the United States for some years past, what-
ever may have been the custom-house returns.
On no other ground can the fact be accounted
for, that a very large amount of American
bonds is now held in Europe, which are esti-
mated as follows, to wit:
United States bonds 5350,000,000
State and municipal bonds  150,000,000
Railroad and other stock and bonds  100,000,000
f600.000.000
It is evident, from these figures, that the bal-
ances are against us, and, chiefly by the expor-
tation of our Government bonds, are being tem-
porarily and improvidently arranged; tempo-
rarily, because a large portion of these bonds
have been bought on speculation, and will be
likely to be returned whenever financial trou-
bles in the countries in which they are held
shall make it necessary for the holders to real-
ize upon them, or whenever satisfactory profit*
can be made by returning them, which will be
when they nearly approach their par value in
coin; improvidently, because they are being
purchased at very low prices, and because their
exportation stimulates imports, and thus crip-
ples home industry. Nothing is more certain
than the fact that there can be no permanent
resumption of specie payments in the United
States until the balances between them and
other nations shall be made easy by an expor-
tation of commodities, including the products
of the mines, equal at least to our importations,
and until provision shall be made for returning
bonds, or for preventing their return at unpro-
pitious times. This state of things, it is con-
ceived, cannot be effected without a change in
our financial policy.
There being but one universally recognized
measure of value, and that being a value in
itself, costing what it represents in the labor
which is required to obtain it, the nation that
adopts, either from choice or temporary neces-
sity, "an inferior standard, violates the financial
law of the world and inevitably suffers for its
violation. An irredeemable, and consequently
depreciated currency, drives out of circulation
the currency superior to itself; and if made
by law a legaj tender, while its real value is
not thereby enhanced, it becomes a false and
demoralizing standard, under the influences
of which prices advance in a ratio dispropor-
tioned even to its actual depreciation. V ery
different from this is that gradual, healthy, and
general advance of prices which is the effect
of the increase of the precious metals. The
coin which is obtained in the gold and silver-
producing districts, although it first affects
prices within such districts, following the
