1378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
The bill as it passed the House of Rep-
resentatives contemplates the establishment
of five military districts in the insurrectionary
States, over each of which an officer not be-
low the rank of a brigadier general shall be
appointed to command for the purpose of
securing the rights of persons and property to
the citizens of those States. So far, I think,
it is perfectly right and proper. I believe that
the Congress ot the United States alone has
a right to deal with this question of recon-
struction, to fix the condition of the States and
the terms upon which they shall be admitted
to representation, and I think the provisions
of this bill are admirably calculated to secure
this purpose. The great object is to secure
the loyal people in their rights; but it is essen-
tially and to all intents and purposes a military
government, a police regulation, now necessary
jn order to protect loyal people, black and
white. Hence I shall vote for the bill. But
the amendment proposes another and entirely
different thing, and that is that at some time
military government shall cease and civil gov-
ernment shall be established upon terms, as
I conceive, perfectly safe- and secure to the
loyal people there and everywhere, and guar-
antying the universal rights of all men under
the amendment.
I shall oppose the amendment of my distin-
guished colleague from Indiana to substitute
impartial suffrage for universal suffrage and for
this reason: the term "impartial suffrage" is
calculated to mislead and to deceive. Real
impartial suffrage would be that no test or no
condition should be applied to the exercise
of suffrage by the colored man that was not
applied to its exercise by the white man.
Although the word " impartial" is used, it will
be exceedingly oppressive and unjust in its
operation practically. Take the test of educa-
tion ; the negro has not been permitted to be
educated; you will not permit him to vote,
because he cannot read, and you have made it
a felony to teach him to read; therefore im-
partial suffrage would operate in favor of the
rebel citizen and against the negro. Take a
property qualification and the result would be
the same.
. Mr. BROWN. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator as another illustration of what may be done
under impartial suffrage: they might declare
that nobody except those who had served in
tho rebel army should vote, and that would be
impartial suffrage.
Mr. LANE. I am opposed to that. I look
upon this term "impartial suffrage" as pro-
ducing nothing but evil and that continually.
1 stand now for the reconstruction of the
southern States upon universal manhood suf-
frage, the fatherhood of God over us all, and
the brotherhood of universal humanity; and
no other principle will ever restore the south-
ern States with safety and security to the peo-
ple of the United States. I am against all such
tests as property or education or any aristo-
cratic exclusion of the colored man. We stand
now upon the broad platform of universal
rights. At the last session of Congress we
passed a constitutional amendment. We sub-
mitted it to the southern States. Jt was lib-
eral—liberal beyond all precedent. They have
rejected it. There is no hope of their affirma-
tion of that constitutional amendment at pres-
ent. But if this amendment shall be adopted
we are perfectly secure upon any system of
reconstruction growing out of this bill.
What then is this amendment, and what
does it contemplate ? It provides—
That when the constitutional amendment pro-
l>"sed as article fourteen by the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress shall have become a part of tho Constitution of
the United fatates, and when any one of the late so-
called Confederate States shall have given its assent
to the same, and conformed its constitution and laws
thereto in all respects, and when it shall have pro-
vided by its constitution that the eleotive franchise
shall be enjoyed by all male citizens of tho United
States, twenty-one years old and upward, without
regard to race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude, except such as may be disfranchised for parti-
cipating in the late rebellion, or for felony at com-
mon law, and when said constitution shall have been
submitted to the voters of said State, as thus defined,
for ratification or rejection, and when the Constitu-
tion, if ratified by thevote ofthepeopleof said State,
shall have been submitted to Congress for examin-
ation and approval, said State shall, if its constitu-
tion be approved by Congress, be declared entitled
to representation in Congress, and Senators and Rep-
resentatives shall be admitted therefrom on their
taking the oath prescribed by law, and then and
thereafter the preceding sections of this bill shall be
inoperative in said State.
When the provisions of this amendment are
carried out; when the constitutional amend-
ment of the last session is adopted; when the
people of these States shall by their own con-
stitutions give universal manhood suffrage;
when those constitutions shall be submitted to
the people of those States and ratified; when
they shall be republican in their character and
receive the sanction of Congress, then these
States are to be entitled to representation;
and in the name of God should they not be
entitled to representation when they shall have
performed all these things? When are they to
be entitled to representation ? Are we to have
consuls and pro-consuls and standing armies
and a military despotism over the rebel States,
or are we at some time to look to the restora-
tion of civil authority and a republican form
of government under the Constitution? I
apprehend great danger from the rebel rule in
the southern States, but if I read aright the
history of the world, I apprehend great danger
from military rule under the forms of repub-
lican government. Every republic that has
existed heretofore hat felt and appreciated the
same danger from military rule. I honestly
look to the restoration of the southern States.
I look to it under a civil form of government,
guarded and protected so that the rights of
every loyal man, black and white, shall be
secured; and the moment that happens I do
not want any military government to exist one
single moment longer, not for one single
moment longer than we can safely organize
civil governments in the rebellious States.
Now, Mr. President, there are two theories
of restoration: one is that you shall place
these rebel States under military rule. For
all purposes of police and tho protection of
the rights of individual citizens I say give
military rule and protection; but not as a
permanent system. I presume no member
of the Senate will say that a military govern-
ment is the proper government for the States
lately in rebellion one moment longer than civil
governments can be restored with perfect safety
to the loyal people there and the loyal people
in the loyal States. I have endeavored to show
you that if this amendment should be adopted
the rights of the people are perfectly secure,
and a civil government is inaugurated infill the
rebel States; they adopt the constitutional
amendment; they adopt the civil rights bill,
and that provision in it that guaranties perfect
equality before the law to all citizens, black
and white; they form a constitution republican
in form; submit it to their people, then submit
it to Congress; then ask the admission of their
members. What other conditions are neces-
sary for our security? What other conditions
can be necessary for our security? The truth
is that this amendment, in my opinion, strikes
the key-note of restoration, coupled with the
bill presented by the Senator from Oregon.
Give a greater police force to enforce laws and
protect rights, and then let these people know
upon what terms they can reorganize their gov-
ernment, and let the government become as
soon as possible a government of civil laws
rather than military rule.
Mr. WILLEY. It is with some reluctance
that I shall feel constrained to vote for the
amendment of the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Hendricks] to the amendment. I do not think
that it perfectly accomplishes in the direction
in which it proposes to operate the objects
which I suppose he contemplates in the amend-
ment, and which I should like to see incorpo-
rated in some other form in the amendment,
but perhaps it does so substantially.
I have, I must confess, Mr. President, some
reluctance to voting for the amendment at all,
but the reasons suggested by the Senator from
' Indiana [Mr. LanbJ preponderate against the
doubts I have in voting for it. I do not think
the amendment of the Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Hendricks] to the amendment, is prop-
erly subject to the criticism which has been
made against it, and especially the criticism
suggested by the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Brown. ] It is very true that taking
an extreme case, which indeed it seems to me
is hardly a supposable one, it may illustrate
the idea of the Senator from Missouri; but
while it is hardly probable that any of these
States would adopt a provision in the consti-
tution of a character so extreme and so extraor-
dinary as that mentioned by the Senator from
Missouri, yet any provision of that character
or akin to that character, is subject at last to
revision by Congress under another provision
in this bill, because the constitution, whatever
it may be, must be submitted to the approval
of Congr^-i, and Congress must judge and be
satisfied before it gives its approval that it is
republican in form. In short, Congress, as I
understand it, must be satisfied, under the pro-
visions of this bill, before it accepts the consti-
tution that any State shall see proper to make
under the operation of this amendment, if it
should become a law, and therefore there can
be no danger in point of fact in the direction
indicated by the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. BROWN. I certainly did not antici-
pate any danger in that direction, but I simply
gave it as an illustration of how the word
"impartial" might be perverted. It was sim-
ply by way of illustration, and not from any
apprehension in that quarter.
Mr. WILLEY. Very well; there being no
apprehension in that quarter, I think the point
of the Senator's objection is answered by his
remarks just now. But then, Mr. President,
it seems to me there ought to be some restric-
tion of the character indicated by the amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana in this pro-
vision. There is great force in the suggestions
of the Senator from California. Classes of
population from abroad, the Chinese and other
classes of people, may be introduced into these
States, and it may be necessary for the public
welfare and for the public peace for the States
themselves to have some authority by which
they shall so regulate the exercise of the elec-
tive franchise as to prevent detriment to the
public welfare and peace.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator is aware that
the Chinese are foreigners and are not citizens,
nor are they admitted to citizenship in Cali-
fornia, and consequently they would not be
voters under this bill.
Mr. WILLEY. Very well. The children
of foreigners, partaking of all their nature,
their education, &c., must be incorporated into
the body-politic under the operation of such
a constitutional amendment as is contemplated
by this provision and the civil rights bill. What
I mean to say is this: that there may, in the
history of a State, be introduced into the pop-
ulation of the State an element of population
or a people whom it would be dangerous to be
allowed to be introduced into the body-politic,
or to have the exercise of the political power
in that State. On the other hand, any danger
from the introduction of the word "impartial,"
or some equivalent word, would be obviated
by the fact that whatsoever constitution any
State may ordain under the provisions of this
amendment shall be subject to the approval of
Congress, and cannot have any legal validity
under this provision until it has the sanction
of Congress, who is to judge whether it is re-
publican in form or not. Therefore it seems
to me it would be wiser and better to allow
some restrictive term to be introduced into this
provision so as to allow those States in the
future, when a real necessity shall arise for it,
to limit the exercise of the right of suffrage.
Mr. McDOUGALL. What constitutes a
citizen is defined in the civil rights bill, and
now every citizen of twenty-one years and
every other person who was here at the time
the civil rights bill was passed is a citizen.
Mr. WILLEY. I do not propose to go into
the construction of the civil rights bill; but the
