Ho. op Reps.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
course of trade, and in obedience to its laws,
soon finds its way to other countries and be-
comes a part of the common stock of the
nations, which, increasing jn amount by the
regular product of the mines, and in activity
by the growing demands of commerce, advances
the price of labor and commodities throughout
the commercial world. Thus the products of
the American, Australian, and iiussian mines
tend first to advance prices in their respective
localities, but the operation of trade soon dis-
tributes these products, and enterprise every-
where feels and responds to the increase of
the universal measure of value. All this is
healthful, because slow, permanent, and uni-
versal. _ The coin produced in any country will
be retained there no longer than its produc-
tions and sales keep the balance of trade in its
favor. As soon as it becomes cheaper—if this
word can bo properly used in regard to the
standard of value—in the country in which it
is produced than in other accessible countries,
or rather when it will purchase more in other
countries—adding interest, the cost of trans-
portation, duties, and other necessary expenses
—than in that in which it is produced, or when
it is required to pay balances to other coun-
tries, it flows to them by a law as regular and
as certain as gravitation. Hence, although the
precious metals are produced in considerable
quantities in but a few countries, they affect
the prices in all. Not so with a paper cur-
rency, which is local in its use and in its influ-
ence. Its advantages, when convertible, are
admitted; for, if convertible, although it swells
the volume of currency, it rather increases
enterprise than prices. Its convertibility pre-
vents expansion, while its larger volume gives
impetus to trade and creates greater demand
for labor. But when a paper currency is an
inconvertible currency, and especially when,
being so, it is made by the sovereign power a
legal tender, it becomes prolific of mischief.
Then specie becomes demonetized, and trade
is uncertain in its results, because the basis is
fluctuating; then prices advance as the volume
of currency increases, and require as they
advance further additions to the circulating
medium ; then speculation becomes rife, and
"the few are enriched at the expense of the
many;'' then industry declines and extrava-
gance is wanton ; then, with a diminution of
products, and consequently of exports, there
is an increase of imports, and higher tariffs
are required on account of the general expan-
sion to which they, in their turn, give new
stimulus and support, while the protection
intended to be given by them to home indus-
try is in a great measure rendered inoperative
by the expansion. This, notwithstanding our
large revenues and the prosperity of many
branches of industry, is substantially the con-
dition of the United States, and the important
question arises, what are the remedies?
With entire deference to Congress, the Sec-
retary suggests that they are to be found—
First. In compelling the national banks to
redeem their notes at the Atlantic cities, or,
what would be better, at a single city.
Second. In a curtailment of the currency to
the amount required by legitimate and health-
ful trade.
Third. In a careful revision of the tariff, for
the purpose of harmonizing it with our inter-
nal taxes—removing the oppressive burdens
now imposed upon certain branches of indus-
try, and relieving altogether, or greatly reliev-
ing, raw materials from taxes, in order that the
m-oduct of labor maybe enhanced and produc-
tion and exportation increased.'
Fourth. In the issue of bonds, payable in
not over twenty years and bearing interest at
the rate of not over five per cent., payable in
England or Germany, to an amount sufficient
in absorb the six per cent, bonds now held m
Europe, and to meet the demand there for
actual and permanent, investment; and—
Fifth. In the rehabilitation ot the southern
States.
First. The utility of compelling national
banks to redeem their notes at commercial
centers, as well as at their own counters, is
apparent. The object of Congress, in the es-
tablishment of the national banking system,
was to furnish the people with a solvent cur-
rency of uniform value throughout the United
States. The solvency of the notes of the na-
tional banks is secured by a deposit of bonds
with the Treasurer at Washington; but, as the
banks are scattered throughout the country,
and many of them are in places difficult of
access, a redemption of their notes at their
respective counters is not all that is required
to make them throughout the United States a
par circulation. It is true that the notes of
all natioual banks are receivable for all pub-
lic dues, except duties upon imports, and must
be paid by the Treasurer in case the banks
which issued arc unable to redeem them, but
it will not be claimed that the notes of banks,
although perfectly solvent, but situated in inte-
rior towns, are practically as valuable as the
notes of banks in the sea-board cities.
It may be urged that, to compel remote banks
thus to redeem, would be a hardship; but as
very few well-managed banking institutions in
the United States tail to keep accounts and
balances in some of the .Atlantic cities, this
hardship would be found, upon trial, to be im-
aginary, rather than real. But if it should be
a hardship, it would be a necessary one, and
the interests of the banks must bend to the
interests of the people. Besides, without such
redemption, there will be practically none at
all, at least until specie payments are resumed;
and when there are no redemptions there is
always a constant tendency to inflation and ille-
gitimate banking. The frequent and regular
return of their notes is needed to keep the busi-
ness of the banks in a healthy condition, and
thus invariably proves no less advantageous to
the stockholders than to the public. Unless
th'e banks shall bo compelled to redeem in Uni-
ted States notes, many of them will neither
lend their influence in favor of a return to spe-
cie payments, nor be prepared for them when
without their agency specie payments shall be
brought about. If the determination of the
question was left to the Secretary, all the banks
would be required to redeem in New York, the
acknowledged commercial metropolis of the
Union. The designation of that city as the
redeeming point for all national banks would
not- only give absolute uniformity to their cir-
culation, but would so facilitate the assorting
and returning of notes that practical and gen-
eral redemption would be enforced. It is cer-
tain that this will not bo done under the exist-
ing provisions of the law; it is not certain that
it will be unless all banks shall be compelled
to redeem at a single point. This might be
objected to by the banks in other Atlantic cities
on the ground that it would aggrandize New
York at their expense. But New York is al-
ready the financial and commercial emporium
of the Union. Most of the interior banks keep
their chief balances in that city, because they
are more available and valuable there than else-
where, and in compelling all the banks to re-
deem at the metropolis of trade, Congress would
be only yielding to an unwritten but controlling
law to which statutes should conform. The
course of trade compels, and will compel, those
national banks whose business is based upon
the products of the country—and these must
always constitute a majority—to keep their chief
balances in Xew York, whether they redeem
there or not. If exchanges between that city
and other cities should be in favor of the lat-
ter, the redemption by their banks would be
made at their own counters, and no sacrifice
but that of local pride would be involved in
j their being required by law to redeem at the
, common center. When Xew York shall be a
i debtor city to Boston and Philadelphia, the
I notes of the Boston and Philadelphia banks
: will go home, and not to New York, for pay-
' me.nt. What is required is an active, regular,
and actual redemption of the notes of all the
national banks. To effect this, local pride
should be sacrificed and minor interests should
be disregarded. What is said upon this sub-
ject by the acting Comptroller of the Currency
is fully indorsed.
The second remedy suggested is a curtail-
ment of the currency.
The views of the Secretary upon the ques-
tion of a reduction of the currency have been
so frequently expressed that it is only neces-
sary njfw to consider whether the curtailment
should be of the United States notes or of the
notes of the national banks. On this subject his
opinions have undergone no change since he
communicated themin his reports as Comptrol-
ler of the Currency. Banks of issue, organized
under State laws, have been in existence ever
since the formation of the Government. By the
decisions of the highest tribunals of the coun-
try their constitutionality has been affirmed,
and they have become so interwoven with the
business of the country, and such large invest-
ments have been made in them, that their de-
struction would involve consequences of a very
serious character. Whether or not the coun-
try would have been more prosperous without
them—whether the stimulus they have given
to enterprise and the facilities they have ex-
tended to trade have or have not been coun-
terbalanced by the artificial prices which they
have created, and the actual losses which the
people have sustained by the crises they have
occasioned, and by their suspensions and fail-
ures—it is too late to consider. When the
national currency act was passed by Congress,
State banks were in full operation, and not
less than §400,000,000 were invested in them
as capital. In some States, by judicious legisla-
tion and careful management, they had affor'ded
a local circulation satisfactory and safe. In
other States, where no reliable security, or in-
sufficient security, had been required for the
protection of the public, and 'their manage-
ment had been confided, to incompetent or
dishonest hands, there had been numerous
failures, and heavy losses had been sustained
by the holders of their notes.
Soon after the commencement of the rebel-
lion, it became apparent that a heavy national
debt was to be created, the interest and princi-
pal of which could only be paid by a general
system of internal taxes, involving a necessity
for a circulating medium equal in value through-
out the countiy, and safe lor the Government
to receive in payment of dues. This subject,
of course, demanded and received the earnest
and careful consideration of the distinguished
gentleman at that time the financial minister
of the Government, w-ho caused to be prepared
and submitted to Congress a bill "to provide a
national currency secured by a pledge of United
States bonds, and to provide for the circulation
and redemption thereof," which, after having
been carefully considered and thoroughly dis-
cussed, became a law on the 25th of February,
1803. Prior to the passage of this act, issues
by the Government had been authorized, and
| a large amount of Government notes had been
j put into circulation. But there is nothing in
i the acts authorizing their issue, or in the tom-
! munications of the Secretary. or in the diseus-
j sions in Congress, to justify the opinion that
I they were intended to be a permanent circula-
tion. On the contrary, the provisions in the
law for their conversion into bonds, and the
arguments of the advocates of their issue, ati'ord
ample evidence that they were regarded as
merely temporary, and justifiable only by an
emergency which it was supposed nothing else
could so adequately meet. Had it been pro-
posed that these notes should be a permanent
! circulation and take the place of bank notes.
i there is good season to suppose that the prop-
I osition would have had few, if any, advocates.
't Nor was the national banking system prepared
j! by its author, nor adopted by Congiesh. to de-
II stroy the State banks, nor to divert capital from
11 banking, but rather to compel all banking iu:
