616
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
amendment to the Constitution, proposed by the
Congress of the United States, shall be adopted by
three fourths of the States recognized by the Con-
gress as lawfully entitled to do so, and shall have
ratified in due form of law any amendment of the
Constitution by Congress proposed, the same shall
beeome thereby a part of the Constitution-, and shall
be so recognized by all the departments of this
Government.
Mr. LB BLOND- Would it be in order to
move that that joint resolution be rejected ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman ean object
to granting leave to introduce the joint resolu-
tion. . That is the only way in which he can
arrive at his object. It is rarely done; but the
gentleman has a right under the rules to ob-
ject to the reception of the joint resolution.
Mr. LE BLOND. If it is necessary to make
a' motion to that effect I make that motion,
that the joint resolution be not received ; and
upon that motion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. What is the
question ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Le Blond] objects to granting leave to
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bromwell]
to introduce this joint resolution for reference
to a committee. The rule states that bills and
joint resolutions for reference only may be in-
troduced on leave during the morning hour on
Monday. The question now is on granting
leave; will the Hduse allow the introduction
of the joint resolution for reference to the
Committee on Reconstruction.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 33, not voting
74; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson. James M. Ash-
ley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Benjamin, Bing-
ham, Boutwell, Brandegee, Bromwell, Broomall,
Buckland, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Davis, De-
frees, Deming, Dixon, Donnelly, Ecklcy, Eggleston,
Bliot, Farauhar, Perry, Garfield. Grinnell, Abner C.
Harding, Hayes, Higby, Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Ches-
ter D.Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, JohriH. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Julian, Kasson, Kelley,
Kelso, Ketcham, Koontz. 'Kuykendall, Loan, Long-
year, Lynch, Marston, Marvin, Maynard, McClurg,
McKee, MeRner, Mercur, Miller, Moorhoack Morrill,
Morris, Moulton, O'Neill, Orth, Paine. PaSferson,
Perham, Pike, Plants, Price, William H. Randall,
John H. Rice, Rollins. Sawyer, Shellabarger, Sloan,
Spalding, Stevens, Stokes, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt
Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warncr, Henry D. W ash-
burn, Welker,Wentworth, Whaley, Williams, James
J1. Wilson, Stephen 3?. Wilson, and Woodbridge—94.
KAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Boy er, Campbell, Chanler,
Cooper, Dawes, Eldridge, Einck, Goodyear. Aaron
Harding, Hawkins, Hise, Hogan, Edwin N. Hubbell,
Humphrey, Hunter, Kerr, Le Blond, Leftwioh, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, Noell, Radford, Samuel J. Randall,
Ritter, Rogers, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Strouse, Taber,
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, and Trimble—33.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Arnell, Delos
R.Ashley, Barker, Beaman, Bergen, Bidwell, Blaine,
Blow, Bundy, Reader W.Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cul-
ver, Darling, Dawson, Delano,Denison.Dodge, Driggs,
Dumont,. Farnsworth, Glossbrenner, Griswold, Hale,
Harris, Hart, Henderson, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, James R. Hubbell, Johnson, Jones, Laflin,
Latham, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Marshall, McCullough, Mclndoe, Myers, Newell,
Phelps, Pomeroy, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice,
Ross, Rousseau, Schenck, Seofield, Starr, Stilwell,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton,
Van Aernam, RobertT. Van Horn, Andrew H. Ward,
Klihu B.W ashburne, William B. Washburn, Windom,
Winfleld, and Wright—74.
So leave was granted for the introduction of
the joint resolution.
During the roll-call,
Mr. SHANKLIN .stated that his colleague,
Mr. Ward, was confined to his room by indis-
position.
The result having been announced as above
recorded, the joint resolution was read a first
and second time and referred to the joint
Committee on Reconstruction.
retirement of legal tenders.
Mr. HILL introduced a joint resolution sus-
pending the further retirement and cancellation
of United States legal currency notes for the
term of two years; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
powers and practice of supreme court.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask leave, not being
present when my State was called, to introduce
for reference a bill to regulate the practice and
define the powers of the Supreme Court of the
United Slates in certain cases arising thereon.
Mr. LE BLOND. Let it be reported; I
believe the State of Pennsylvania has been
passed, and I may object to it after hearing it
read.
The bill was-accordingly read as follows:
Be it enacted, &c., That in all cases of writs of error
from and appeals to the Supreme Court of the United
States wherein drawn in question, the validity of a
statiite, or of an authority Exercised by the United
States, or the construction of any clause of the Con-
stitution of the United States, or the validity of a
statute, or an authority exercised under any State,
or the ground of repugnancy to the Constitution or
laws of the United States, the hearing shall be had
only before a full bench of the judges of said court;
and no judgment shall be rendered or decision made
against the validity of any statute, or of any author-
ity exercised by the United States, except with the
concurrence of all the judges of the said court.
Mr. LE BLOND. I feel compelled to object.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will it be in order to
move to suspend the rules?
"The SPEAKER. Not during the morning
hour.
veteran officers.
Mr. HUBBARD, of New York, introduced
a bill to amend an act entitled "An act to ex-
tend the benefits of section four of an act
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30,1866;" which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
repaving pennsylvania avenue.
Mr. INGERSOLL introduced a bill provid-
ing for the repaving of a portion of Pennsyl-
vania avenue; which was read a first and second
time, and referred, together witli the accompa-
nying papers, to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
powers and practice of supreme court.
Mr. BENJAMIN introduced a bill to regu-
late the practice and define the powers of the
Supreme Court of the United States in certain
cases arising under the Constitution and laws
thereof.
Mr. LE BLOND. I believe that is the same
bill introduced by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Williams.] If so, I enter my pro-
test against it again.
Mr. WENTWORTH. _ I call the yeas and
nays on the questior^of its reception.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The bill was again read in full.
The question being taken on granting leave
to introduce the bill, it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 107, nays 39, not voting 45;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ashley,
Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Beaman. Benjamin,
Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell, Brandegee,
Bromwell, -Broomall, Buckland, Bundy, Cobb, Conk-
ling, Cook, Cullom. Dawes, Defrees, Delano, Deming,
Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley. Eggleston, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Garlicld, Grinnell,
Griswold, Abner C. Harding, Hart. Hayes. Higby,
Hill. Holmes, Hotchkiss, Chester D.%Iubbard, Demas
Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell,
Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Kelso,
Ketcham, Koontz, Kuy kendall,GeorgeV.Lawrence,
Loan, Longy ear. Marston, Maynard, McClurg, Mcln-
doe, McRuer, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill,
Morris, Moulton, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson,
Perham, Pike, Plants, Price, William II. Randall,
Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scofield, Shellabarger, Sloan, Spalding,
Stevens, Stilwell, Stokes, Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Henry D.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Went-
worth, Whaley, Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, and Windom—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Boyer, Campbell, Chanler,
Cooper, Dawson, Denison, Eldridge, Finck, Gloss-
brenner, Goodyear, Hale, Aaron Harding, Hisejtto-
gan, Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey, Hunter, Kerr,
Le Blond, Leftwich, Niblaek, Nicholson, Noell,
Phelps, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Rit-
ter, Rogers, Ross, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Strouse,
Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Thorn-
ton, and Trimble—39.
NOT V OTIN G—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Arnell, James
M. Ashley, Barker. Bergen, Blow,Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Culver, Darling, Davis, Dodge, Du-
mont, Harris, Hawkins, Henderson, Hooper, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Hulburd, Johnson, Jones, Laflin, La-
tham, William Lawrence, Lynch, Marshall, Mar-
vin, McCullough, McKee, Myers, Newell, Pomeroy,.
Rousseau, Starr, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L.
Thomas, Robert T. Van Horn, Andrew H. Ward,
W arner, Elihu B. W ashburne, W infield, W oodbridge,
and Wright—IS.
So leave was granted.
The bill was accordingly read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
suffrage in th^district.
Mr. NOELL introduced a bill to amend an
act entitled " An act to regulate the elective
franchise in the District of Columbia," passed
at the second session^ Thirty-Ninth Congress,
January 8, 1867 ; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. NOELL. I move the reference of this
bill to a select committee of five.
Mr. UPSON. I move that it be referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I would like to hear
the bill read.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
act of January 8, 1867, be amended so as to
abolish all disfranchisement of persons from
voting on account of sex.
Mr. NOELL. I desire to state in regard to
this bill, that I last Monday introduced a simi-
lar one, which was referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia. I believe it is a
parliamentary rule that a bill should be referred
to a committee that will not strangle it. In
asking the reference of this bill to a select
committee I simply desire to bring the meas-
ure before the House. It is a matter of great
importance and is at least entitled to consid-
eration. Let the bill be referred to a com-
mittee of its friends.
Mr. UPSON. I am not aware that the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia is not a
committee of its friends.
The SPEAKER. The question is first on
the motion to refer the bill to the Committee
for the District of Columbia. Under the rules
a motion to refer to a standing committee takes
precedence of a motion to refer to a select
committee.
The motion of Mr. Upson was agreed to,
there being—ayes 70, noes 45.
So the bill was referred to the Committee
far the District of Columbia.
distribution of supreme court reports.
Mr. UPSON introduced a bill to provide for
supplying the State library of each State with
one copy of each volume of the reports of the
decisions of the Supreme Court hereafter an-
nually published ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Printing.
lieutenant john ii. hamlin.
Mr. LONG-YEAR introduced a joint reso-
lution to pay Lieutenant John H. Hamlin for
military services; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
town property in great salt lake city.
Mr. DRIGGS introduced a bill to authorize
the preemption and sale of town property^ in
Great Salt Lake City, Utah Territory; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
prevention of smuggling.
Mr. FERRY introduce^ a bill to amend an
act further to prevent smuggling, and for other
purposes ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
ciiargbs of claim agents.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, introduced a bill to
fix and establish the fees and charges of agents
and attorneys for performing, collecting, and
remitting in all cases of claims for bounty,
pensions, pay, and emoluments, where such
fees and charges are not fixed and established
by existing law, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
amendment of the constitution.
Mr. COBB introduced a joint resolution pro-
posing an amendment of the Constitution of
the United States: which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
