138$
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
States or the people of the States respectively,
From the beginning of the Government to the
commencement of the late rebellion it was a
doctrine which nobody disputed in all the polit-
ical contests through which the country has
passed from the beginning of its existence down
to the commencement of that rebellion, but on
the contrary, was held to be true beyond 611
doubt, that upon theory, as well as upon ex-
press provision in the Constitution, all- the
powers not conferred upon the Government of
the United States were in the States respect-
ively or in the people of the States; and that
whenever the question arose as to what power
the United States had in relation to any partic-
ular subject it was incumbent upon him who
asserted the existence of the power to point it
out. Failing in that, he ceased to establish the
existence of the power.
Now, what is the power conferred upon Con-
gress? To raise and support armies. What
for? To meet a foreign foe. To raise and
support a navy, for the same object. ^3ut our
fathers saw that there were other dangers inci-
dent to the existence of a Government, and they
provided for that exigency by anticipation; ana
what was that provision? A sudden invasion
of the State, not amounting to war in the ordi-
nary sense; a sudden outbreak upon the ter-
ritorial liuilts of some one State of the Union
by a foreign Power; and the other was, insub-
ordination in some State which the powers of
that State might be unable to quell; and in
order to enable the Government to come to the
protection of the State invaded, or to the pro-
tection of the Stato against the insurrection
within its own limits, the Constitution con-
ferred upon Congress the power to call upon
the militia or to use the armies of the United
States to repel invasion or suppress insurrec-
tion. In this instance there is no invasion.
Nobody pretends that there is. Is there any
insurrection ? We are told ablack man is shot
down and the murderer cannot bo convicted
through the civil courts. I do not believe it;
but suppose the fact to be so j does that con-
stitute an insurrection? How often has it hap-
pened that what in contemplation of law is a
clear offense, and a clear offense of murder
goes unwhipped ofjustice? Has nobodybeen
acquitted ot that crime whom the honorable
member from Oregon would say was innocent?
Mr. WILLIAMS, if the honorable Sen-
ator appeals to me, I will ask him a question.
Suppose it to be a fact that the men who were
rebels in the South are murdering and killing
the loyal men of that section of the country,
I will asl< the honorable Senator if the Gov-
ernment has not a right to interpose the neces-
sary power for their protection V
Mr. JOHNSON. There is under the Con-
stitution the necessary power. The men who
framed the Constitution were as wise and as
far seeing as my honorable friend from Oregon
or either of us. They provided for all cases
in which the constitutional rights of the citi-
zens of the United States should be violated,
and the provision that they made they intended
to bo the only one which should be given.
Suppose that in the State of Oregon some of
the constituents of the honorable member wore
killing the Chinese; suppose they denied them
rights, trampled upon them, denied the negro
the right to come within the limits of the State.
_ Mr. FESSBNDEN, (to Mr. Williams.) Ask
him what provision he refers to.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is in the constitution
adopted by a convention of whitli, if I am not
mistaken, the honorable member from Oregon
was a leading member, aud I suppose, as no dis-
sent was expressed by him, that he approved of
it. No negro, by that constitution, is permit-
ted to come into the State of Oreg6n, is permit-
ted to vote, or to contract or to sue. What a
horrible outrage upon the notions of the day!
Is the honorable member prepared "now to say
that we should establish a military government
for the State of Oregon? Why not? Have
you not done what you ought not to have
done? Are you not sinning against the light
of the time's? Are you riot trampling upon
the inalienable rights of man—denying man-
hood suffrage ? And yet you do not propose
to extend this military rule to Oregon; and so
in relation to several other States where man-
hood suffrage is not allowed. I have the con-
stitution of Oregon by me, adopted in Septem-
ber,_1857, only nine or ten years ago; and, as
I said, I believe my friend from Oregon was a
member of the body, and I suppose, from the
weight to which he is entitled in all bodies of
which he is a member, that he supported all
tl)<* clauses to be fouwd in that constitution,
particularly such as I have referred to, or they
could not have been adopted.
Maryland has been threatened. It is said
that Our government is not republican in point
of form, and that under the clause which pro-
vides that Congress shall guaranty to every
Stato that form of government, Congress may
interfere with Maryland and force ber to adopt
a government which they may think is repub-
lican. What have some of our judges done ?
They have conscientiously, I am satisfied, exe-
cuted a law of the State which in certain eases
authorizes, upon conviction, the sale of black
people into a limited slavery, and we are to
have a military government thrown over us. I
hope that time may not come, Mr. President.
Devoted as I am, heart and soul, to the insti-
tutions of the land, willing to sustain the Union
with the last drop of the blood that is left me,
the effort under that clause to interfere with
any of the loyal States will, if nothing else
will, be the death-knell of the Union.
Now, let me say to my friend from Oregon,
and to those who think with him, and I believe a
great many are of that opinion—and I certainly
do not controvert the sincerity with which they
hold it—that I do not believe one word in the
truth of the assertion that no man is safe within
the southern States. I believe, as firmly as 1
believe anything, that the honorable member
from Oregon, and every other member of the
Senate who agrees with him in his opinions,
may go from one corner of the southern States
to the other corner with perfect impunity, and
not only that, bu t would be received as a bro tlier.
There wore prejudices before. Thank God they
are gonel L'he war; if nothing else, has con-
vinced them that their own peculiar notions of
State sovereignty cannot bo maintained. They
have abandoned them and now stand, in my
judgment, as loyal to the Union as the honor-
able member from Oregon, or anybody else. I
speak of them in the mass. I speak of the
educated portion of the southern States. Here
and there there may be people of a different
description, as here and there in Oregon or
anywhere else, who defy law and delight in
crime.
I have said thus much merely as preliminary
to what I am about to say in relation to this
amendment. I want, what the committee who
reported the original constitutional amend-
ment and the bill which accompanied it
declared that they wanted, and what the hon-
orable chairman of that committee on the part
of the Senate has more than once said in
debate on this floor, with a sincerity that
nobody could doubt, if they could doubt his
sincerity at all on any subject, that they and
lie look to an early restoration of the Union
witli an anxious solicitude. Now, what do you
propose by the bill as it stands without the
amendment? To place the whole South under
what is neither more noT less than a military
despotism. To terminate when? Not when
in the judgment of the members of the present
Congress, who think that under the particular
circumstances of this case such a despotism is
necessary to sccure the rights of the people,
that that necessity shall cease to exist, but to
continue until some other Congress may be of
opinion that it has ceased. Mr. President, is
that our duty? I speak it with perfect respect.
If it bo in our judgment right to institute the
despotism, is it not our duty to say when it
shall cease, if we do not intend that it shall
cease at all?
Now, what says the amendment? When the
constitutional "amendment submitted to the
people at the last session shall have been
adopted as a part of the Constitution is the
firstprovision; when any State lately in insur-
rection shall itself adopt that amendment is
the second provision; when they shall give the
right of franchise to all who are over twenty-
one years of age, irrespective of color or race,
is the third provision; When these things shall
be accomplished by a constitution submitted to
the people of the particular State, and ratified
by that people, is the fourth provision; and
when the result of their labors shall be sub-
mitted to and approved by Congress is the fifth
provision. Then the State is to be represented,
and not before. What possible objection can
there be to either of these provisions in them-
selves? My friend from Oregon can make no
objection. He virtually told us last night, in
offering the amendment, that the bill ought
not to pass without them. He withdraws them
now. Why ? Not because they are not right;
he has not ventured to say that; not that there
is a single provision of the amendment which
should not receive the assent of Congress ; but
because some new light has broken upon him
which was not obvious to him last night. What
is that new light? Why, he is afraid the bill
may be defeated. A military despotism last
night was intolerable which did not in the very
act providing for it provide also for its termi-
nation. A military despotism to-day is to be
established without any provision looking to
its termination. He now proposes to leave its
termination to some future Congress. How
does he know that any future Congress will
adopt in any form the provisions of his amend-
ment or any like them ?
Mr. President, I can very readily imagine
that our hopes, if we have any hopes in that
quarter, may be disappointed. The presiden-
tial election is near at hand. Two years will
soon elapse. Keep the States under military
rule, and however true it may be that they
would be entitled to representation in the elect-
oral college, they will not be permitted to hold
such an election until the next presidential
contest is at end. Some military satrap will
tell them, "It is my pleasure that you shall
remain as you are until that contest is deter-
mined." And such things may possibly oper-
ate upon politicians. But in the mean time
what is the condition of>the southern States,
and by retroaction the condition of the loyal
States? The South, humbled in one sense,
subdued and tyrannized over, have no motive
for exertion; the North, not knowing certainly
what the future may bring forth, is unwilling
to step forward to the aid of the South ; and
everything stands as it now is, in a condition
almost as sad and as forlorn as it was at the
moment the rebellion ended. What effect is
that to have upon us all? What effect upon
the public credit? What effect upon our good
name abroad? Ten million Americans, whose
fathers fought for constitutional liberty and
adopted a form of Constitution which they
believed would forever secure it, are placed
by a portion of their descendants under the
exclusive control of the military. It is a con-
fession to the world that our institutions are a
failure. I will say with the honorable mem-
ber from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittlst] that such
a proposition as this made anywhere, more
particularly in a land where freedom was sup-
posed to be permanently fixed, seems to shock
the moral sense of every American or student
of history.
The Supreme Court of the United States are
now to be told by us, the descendants of the
men who declared that the writ of habeas cor-
pus should not be denied except in cases of
invasion or rebellion, and even then only when
the public safety demanded it, that when there
is noinvasion, no insurrection, nopublie safety
demanding it, even that they, the judges of the
highest court in the land, shall not issue a writ
of habeas corpus unless the propriety of so
doing is vouched by some military subordinate.
If the court know, as I am sure they do, what
is due to their dignity, they will refuse to hold
their courts at all where 'such doctrines are
