1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
CAPTURE OF JEFFERSON DAVIS.
Mr. PAINE introduced a bill to provide for
the distribution of £he reward offered by the
President for the capture of Jefferson Davis;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
TIMBER-CUTTING IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. HIGBY introduced a hill to legalize an
act of the Legislature of the State of Califor-
nia, and to grant the right to cut timber from
lands within the county of Alpine, in the State
of California; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
INDEMNITY FOR INDIAN DEPREDATIONS.
Mr. DENNY introduced a bill to ■indemnify
the citizens of the Territory of Washington
and the State of Oregon for property destroyed
by Indians in the years 1855 and 1856 ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
SETH E. WARD.
Mr. HITCHCOCK introduced a bill for the
relief of Seth E. Ward, of the Territory of
Nebraska; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. GOODWIN introduced a bill to aid the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the Gulf of Mexico to the Pacific ocean,
and to secure to the Government the use of
the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Mtcific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GOODWIN also presented a memorial
of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of Arizona, asking for aid to the southern
Pacific railroad; which was referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered
to be printed.
ORGANIC ACT OF ARIZONA.
Mr. GOODWIN also presented a memorial
of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of Arizona, asking for a change in the organic
law of that Territory ; which was referred to
the Committee on Territories, and ordered to
be printed.
TOWN OF PRESCOTT, ARIZONA.
Mr. GOODWIN also presented a memorial
of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of Arizona, asking Congress to donate two
quarter sections of land to the town of Pres-
cott, Arizona; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
BOUNDARY OF ARIZONA.
Mr. GOODWIN also presented a memorial
of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of Arizona, asking that the act of Congress
approved May 5, 1866, setting off to the State
of Nevada all that part of the Territory of Ari-
zona west of the thirty-seventh degree of lon-
gitude west from Washington, and west of the
Colorado river, be repeated ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories, and
ordered to be printed.
MAIL ROUTES IN ARIZONA.
Mr. GOODWIN also presented a memorial
of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of Arizona, asking for the establishment of
new mail routes in that Territory; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
MONTANA SURVEYING DISTRICT.
Mr. McLEAN introduced a bill erecting the
Territory of Montana into a surveying district,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Territories.
MONTANA JUSTICES OF TUB PEACE.
Mr. McLEAN presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Montana, asking Congress to
amend the organic act of that Territory so as
to extend the jurisdiction of justices of the
peace; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
POS'rttOUTES IN MONTANA.
Mr. McLEAN also presented a memorial of
the council of Montana, asking for the estab-
lishment of post routes and post offices in
Montana Territory; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
EXAMINATION OF TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. GARFIELD introduced a bill to provide
for the examination of the Treasury Depart-
ment, and other Executive Departments; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA.
Mr. McRUER introduced a bill to relinquish
the interest of the United States in certain lands
to the city and county of San Francisco, Cali-
fornia ; which was read a first and second time,
andreferredto the Committee on Public Lands.
revenue stamps.
Mr. MILLER introduced a bill explanatory
of the act relating to revenue stamps upon writs
of process in courts of record; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now expired.
REGULATING SALES OF GOLD.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, asked leave to report, for
immediate consideration, a bill to provide for
the sale of gold, and for other purposes.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended in order to allow me to report the
bill I have indicated.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Let the bill be
read.
The bill wasTead. It provides that after the
passage of this act whenever a sale shall be
made of coin from the Treasury of the United
States public notice of at least four days shall
be given by advertisement in one daily news-
paper of each of the cities of Washington and
New York, designating the amount to be sold,
inviting proposals for any part thereof, naming
the place and hour up to which such sealed
proposals shall be received, the terms of pay-
ments, and when and where such proposals
shall be opened. Such proposals shall be ad-
dressed to the Assistant Treasurer of the treas-
ury at New York, and shall be opened and
declared by him in the presence of such per-
sons as may choose to attend at the time desig-
nated in the notice; and no proposal shall be
considered unless accompanied by a certificate
of deposit in the Treasury of the United States
of five per cent, of the amount of coin bid for
in such proposal, .which shall be received as
part pay of the coin bid for when the proposal
is accepted, or refunded to the party making
the same when not accepted ; and payment may
be received for coin thus disposed of in com-
pound-interest notes with the interest "accrued
thereon. The Assistant Treasurer, with the
approval of the Secretary of the Treasury, shall
have the right to reject the whole or any parts
of any such proposal; provided that none but
the highest bid shall be accepted; and in case
of different bids at the same rate, said bids shall
be accepted only pro rata.
The question was upon suspending the rules.
Mr, DELANO. Will the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] consent to a modifi-
cation of this bill so as to extend the notice
beyond four days, in order that this business
shall not be confined entirely to the- city of
New York?
Mr. MORRILL. The bill says that not less
than four days' notice shall be given.
Mr. DELANO. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that the time should be made at least
ten days.
Mr. MORRILL. Every order for a sale
will be telegraphed throughout the entire
country, and any order which may be given
will of course be given by telegraph.
Mr. DELANO. That I am aware of, but I
respectfully suggest to the gentleman ten days
would be better.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not; the motion to
suspend the rules is not debatable.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I should
like to know about the' printing of this bill.
This committee has taken a long time to con-
sider it, and now it is to Be' forced upon the
House without being printed.
The SPEAKER. It is not yet before the
House, the question being on suspending the
rules.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. That
committee has had a month to consider the
subject.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means whether it is his purpose to call the
Frevious question if the rules be suspended.
ask whether he will not pledge himself not
to call the previous question.
Mr. MORRILL. I will pledge myself to
call the previous question.
Mr. O'NEILL. I do not rise for the pur-
pose of debate, but merely to suggest to the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means that he also insert Philadelphia, which
is a city of great commercial importance.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object to debate.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I suggest
to the House that this bill be postponed till to-
morrow, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, as
he has heretofore done in reference to the con-
dition of business, that if the bill be postponed
it will not be reached again probably during
this session.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I am
willing it shall be made a special order.
The SPEAKER. Then it will come in after
the banking bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I insist on the question.
If gentlemen will allow it to be explained I do
not think there will be serious objection in an■f
part of the House. It is a measure called for
by the sentiment of the country.
The House divided ; and there were—yeas
73, nays 36.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 115, nays 38, not vot-
ing 38; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs Allison, Anderson-, Delos R. Ashley,
James H, Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Barker,
Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwoll, Bingham,
Blaine, Brandegee, Brorawell, Broomall, Buckland,
Bundy, Header W. Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook,
Davis, Defrees, Beming, Denison, Dixon, Dodge,
Driggs, Kckley. Eggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Far-
quhar. Ferry, Garfield, Goodyear, Grinnell.Griswold,
Hale.AbnerC. Harding,Hart, Hawkins,Higby, Hill,
Hogan, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss. Chester D. Hub-
bard, Demas Hubbard. John H.Hubbard, Edwin N.
Hubbeil, James R. Ilubbell, Hulburd, Insersoll,
Jenckes, Julian, Kelley, Kelso, Keteham, Ivoontz,
Longyenr, Lynch, Mnrston, Marvin, Maynard, Mc-
Clurg, Mclndoe, McKce, Mercur, Miller, ftloorhead,
Morrill, Morris, Monlton, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Pat-
terson, iV-rhara, Phoin-:. Pike. Plants, Price, William
H. Randall, Raymond, John H. Bice, Rogers, Rtillins,
Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shellabarger, Sloan,
Spalding, Stevens, Stilwell, Stokes, Nathaniel S.
Taylor, Trowbridfte, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Hamilton Ward, Warner, ElihuB.Washburne, Henry
D. Washburn, Welker.Wentworth.Whaley,'Williams,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—115.
NAYS—MessrsAneona, Bergen, Boyer. Campbell,
Chanler, Cooper, Dawes, Dawson, Eldridge, Fiuoki
Gtlossbrenner, Aaron Harding, Hise, Hunter, K&sson,
Kerr, Kuykendall, Latham, George V. Lawrence, La
Blond, Leftwioh, Loan, MeRuer, Niblaek, Nichol-
son, Pomeroy, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter,
Ross, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Strouse. Nelson Taylor,
Thornton, Trimble, William B. Washburn, and
James F. Wilson—38. ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Aroell, Blow,
Boutwell, Sidney Clarke, Cullom, Oliver, Darlingi
Delano, Donnelly, Dumont, Harris, Hayes, Hender-
son, Asahel W. Hubbard, Humphrey, Johnson,
