12
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Ho. of Reps.
In regard to the commercial intercourse
between the United States and British Amer-
ica, the Secretary adheres to the general opinion
expressed in his report of 1865, that until our
revenue system is fully revised and adjusted
to the financial situation of the country, this
subject should not be placed beyond the con-
trol of Congress, but should be left to concur-
rent legislation and such regulations as the
Treasury Department may be authorized by
law to prescribe. Another reason for arrange-
ments thus flexible is presented by the un-
certainty of the political situation of British
America. The scheme of confederation,
which proposes to transfer questions of rev- j:
enue and external trade to a single central
authority, has not been adopted, and the
opposition to the measure may prevail with
•the new ministry of England, either to, modify ,
materially the terms of the Quebec conven-
tion, or to subject the whole measure to the :
hazards of a popular vote in the Provinces. :
However the political problem may be solved, |
it is not unlikely that when the United States J
shall have simplified existing methods, and
reduced existing rates of taxation, so as to
receive the largest amount of revenue with the
least burden to industry, British America will
be prepared to undertake a system of public
improvementsalongthe channel ofthe St. Law-
rence and through northwest British America
to the Pacific coast, which, by the financial
necessities attending its adoption and the ad-
ministration of a federal government, will sug-
gest a Zollverein, or a complete assimilation
of excise and custom duties on each side of
the northern frontier. At present, inaction
upon this subject would appear to be the true
policy of the united States.
Under the authority conferred by Congress
at its last session, the marine hospitals at Bur-
lington, Vermont, at Charleston, South Caro-
lina, and at Cincinnati, Ohio, have been sold,
and proceedings have been taken to dispose
of others not required for service, when it
shall be found possible to obtain fair prices
for them.
A sale has also been effected of the old
marine hospital at Chelsea, Massachusetts, on
satisfactory terms. The new hospital building
at Chelsea, and that at Cleveland, Ohio, have
received such additions and repairs as were
necessary to put them in serviceable condition,
and all marine patients within practicable reach
of them have been gathered there for treat-
ment.
A similar plan of concentrating the patients
at prominent points has been as far as prac-
ticable pursued throughout the country, by
which, together with a rigid adherence to the
fundamental principles on which relief should
be afforded, the expenses of the establishment
in the northern States have been materially
reduced, although the enlarged demand for
hospital privileges at the South, consequent
upon the reopening of that section to com-
merce, in connection with the very exorbitant
prices prevailing there, will cause the total
expenditures to be somewhat increased. It
is noped, however, that this increase will be
attended by a corresponding addition to the
collection of taxes from the seamen.
The revenue-cutters on the Atlantic and
Pacific coasts, and on the lakes, have been
diligently and usefully employed in preventive
service during the last year.
Itwasfoundinexpedienttosell, as authorized
by Congress at its last session, the vessels here-
tofore reported as unsuitable for the cutter ser-
vice, (with the exception of the Cuyahoga, the
largest of the class, which has been offered for
sale, but has not yet been disposed of,) until
their places should be supplied by others. Con-
sequently they have been kept on active duty,
and will not be withdrawn until the small sail-
ing vessels, eight in number, which have been
recently contracted for, shall be completed, as
they are expected to be, in the course of two
or three months. So soon as these can be
assigned to duty the others will be withdrawn
and sold.
On the 2d day of August last, in accordance
with the provision contained in the civil appro-
priation act, approved on the 28th of July,
1866, Mr. J. lioss Browne was appointed a
special commissioner to collect reliable statisti-
cal information concerning the gold and silver
mines of the States and Territories west of the
Rocky mountains; and on the 12th day of
September last Mr. James W. Taylor was
appointed a commissioner to perform the same
work in the States and Territories east of the
mountains. Their preliminary reports have
not yet been received, but it is expected that
they will be in season to be laid before Con-
gress early in the session. The well-known
energy of these gentlemen, and their famili-
arity with the subject of mines and mining,
leads the Secretary to expect that their investi-
gations will be thorough, and their full reports
interesting and valuable. A copy of the in-
structions (which contain an outline of the
duties devolved upon them) accompanies this
report.
On the 3d day of June last, Mr. John Jay
Knox, a clerk in this Department, a gentleman
of excellent judgment and business habits, was
sent to California to examine into the condi-
tion of the mint and of the office of the Assist-
ant Treasurer in San Francisco, and to look
after some other matters in that quarter, of
interest to this Department. His report con-
tains so many valuable suggestions that it has
been thought advisable to append it to the
report of the Director of the Mint. Particular
attention is requested to that part of it which
refers to assay offices, and their inutility in
remote districts. If, as he concludes, the
business of assaying can, not only without
detriment, but with positive advantage to the
mining interest, be left entirely to private enter-
prise, where there are no established mints,
the Government should be disconnected from
it in such districts without delay.
The Statistical Bureau, authorized by the act
entitled "An act to protect the revenue, and
for other purposes," approved July 28, 1866,
was organized on the 5th day of September last
by the appointment of Mr. Alexander Delmar
as Director. Mr. Delmar deservedly enjoys a
high reputation as a statistician, and it is ex-
pected that, under his direction, this bureau
will be of great benefit to this Department and
to the country.
After putting in proper condition the numer-
ous books relating to commerce and navigation,
which have been transferred to this bureau, the
Director will prepare reliable statistics of the
resources of the country and the extent to
which they are being developed. Monthly
reports of imports and exports, taxes, imposts,
wages, products, and markets will also be reg-
ularly prepared, and every means employed to
ascertain the progress of population and in-
dustry. The Secretary is happy to be able to
state, although little more than two months
have elapsed since the bureau was organized,
that good progress has been made in the work
devolved upon it.
Accompanying this report will be found a
highly interesting report from the Light-House
Board, which presents in a condensed form a
history of their operations from 1852, the date
of tlie organization of the board, to the pres-
ent time. -In no branch of the service have
more skill and ability been displayed than in
this, and in none have the outlays been pro-
ductive of more satisfactory results.
The work under the Coast Survey has been
prosecuted during the past year with accus-
tomed energy, and its operations have been
recommenced on the coast where they have
been for some years past interrupted. The
importance of these surveys was fully estab-
lished during the recent civil war, and they
cannot fail to be of constantly increasing value
to commerce. The work is steadily advancing
toward completion, and the Secretary recom-
mends for it the proper and necessary appro-
priations.
For the detailed operations of the Mint and
branches, I respectfully refer to the report of
the Director of the Mint.
The total value of the bullion deposited at
the Mint and branches during the fiscal year
was $38,947,156 88, of which $37,223,640 17
was in gold and $1,723,516 71 in silver. De-
ducting the redeposits, the amount of actual
deposits is $31,911,719 24.
The coinage for the year was, in gold coin,
$28,313,944 90; gold bars, $9,115,485 46; sil-
ver coin, $680,264 50; silver bars, $916,-
382 08; cents coined, one, two, three, and
five-cent pieces, $646,570. Total coinage,
$29,640,779 40. Total bars stamped $10,-
031,867 50.
The gold deposits, of domestic production,
were, at Philadelphia, $2,815,616 34; San
Francisco, $17,436,499 18; New York, $8,-
557,664; Denver, $160,982 94. The silver
deposits were, at Philadelphia, $56,118 81;
San Francisco, $623,682 21; New York,
$213,481.
The gold and silver deposits of foreign pro-
duction were $2,047,674 76.
The amount of gold coined at Philadelphia was
$10,096,645; at San Francisco, $18,217,300;
of silver, at Philadelphia, $399,314 50; at San
Francisco, $280,950; of bronze and nickel and
coppers, at Philadelphia, $680,264 50.
The law enacted at the last session of Con-
gress, providing for the reorganization of the
system of appraisements at the port of New
York, has been carried into effect. So little
time has elapsed since the new board was
organized that the necessary reforms have not
yet been*consummated; but they have been
undertaken with so much energy and judgment
by the appraiser, Mr. Thomas McElrath, that
the best results are confidently anticipated from
the reorganization.
Recent calamities at sea, especially the dis-
aster to the steamship Evening Star, on the 3d
of October last, whereby two hundred and fifty
lives were lost, indicate a necessity for the enact-
ment of judicious laws for the government of
our mercantile marine, with especial reference
to the more complete security of passengers.
It is believed that in this particular we are far
behind some other nations ; and while this is the
case we shall not attain that maritime strength
and prosperity to which we should aspire.
An inquiry into the cause of the disaster to
the Evening Star, made by Captain W. M.
Mew, under instructions from this Department,
elicited several facts, to which earnest atten-
tion is invited, showing as they do the radical
defects in existing laws, and indicating the
legislation required to prevent loss of life, and
to enhance the value and security of property
in ships. A copy of Captain Mew'a report is
herewith transmitted.
The attention of Congress is respectfully
called to the accompanying interesting reports
of the heads of the respective bureaus, all of
which contain valuable information and sug-
gestions, and indicate the satisfactory manner
in which the general business of the Depart-
ment is being conducted under existing laws
and regulations. The efficiency of all the
bureaus would, however, have been greatly
increased and the expenses thereof would
doubtless have been reduced by the passage
of the bill for their reorganization, which was
under consideration at the last session. The
machinery of the Department, sufficient for
the prompt and proper performance of the
public business before the war, is insufficient
now. The bureaus need reorganization, and
justice and economy demand higher compen-
sation to officers and clerks.
The Secretary is under obligations to the
officers and clerks of the Department for the
very satisfactory manner in which, with few
