1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
610
message from the president.
A message in writing from' the President of
the United States was communicated to the
House by Mr. William G-. Moore.
message from the senate.
• A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed without amendment House joint
resolution No. 227, authorizing the Secretary
of War to transfer certain property to. the Na-
tional Asylum for Disabled Volunteers.
contested election thomas vs. arnell.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. The Committee of Elections, to whom
were referred the memorial and accompanying
papers of Dorsey B. Thomas, contesting the
right of Hon. Samuel M. Arnell to a seat in
this House as a Representative of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress from the sixth congressional
district of Tennessee, hare instructed me to
make a report accompanied by a resolution. I
ask that the resolution be read, and that the
report and resolution be laid on the table and
printed.
The resolution was read, as follows:
_ Resolved, That Dorsey B. Thomas, contesting the
right of Hon. Samuel M. Arnell to a seat in this
House as a Representative from the sixth congres-
sional district of Tennessee be, and he is hereby,
required to serve upon the said Arnell, within eight
days after the passageof this resolution, a particular
statement of the grounds of said contest; and that
said Arnell be, and he is hereby, required to serve
upon said Thomas his answer thereto in eight days
thereafter; and that both parties be allowed eighteen
days next' after the service of said answer to take
testimony in support of their several allegations and
denial, in all respects in conformity with the require-
ments of the act of February 19,1857, except thatnot
more than four days' notice shall be required for the
taking of any deposition under this resolution.
The report and resolution were laid upon
the table and ordered to be printed.
late elections in maryland.
Mr. WARD, of New York. I move to
suspend the rules in order to enable me to
submit a preamble and resolution for consid-
eration at this time.
Mr. STEVENS. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules on this day takes precedence of a call for
the regular order of business, for it is a motion
to suspend the rule under which any subject
becomes the regular order of business.
Mr. WARD, of New York. The preamble
and resolution which I desire to submit are as
follows;
Whereas by the constitution and laws of the State
of Maryland persons who were disloyal to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, or gave ai4 and en-
couragement to the recent rebellion aro deprived of
the elective franchise; and whereas itis alleged that
at the last election in the State of Maryland large
numbers of tho persons disqualified as aforesaid did
vote for Representative in the Fortieth Congress
and other officers; and whereas it is further alleged
that armed forces of the United States were ordered
by Federal authority to, and did, cooperate with the
Executive ot the State of Maryland and others who
were engaged with him inoverridmgthe constitution
and laws aforesaid, and in securing the votes of rebels
and persons disqualified as aforesaid, and whereby
loyal and qualified voters of Maryland were deterred
from the free exercise of the elective franchise and
from resisting and preventing the violation of the
constitution and laws aforesaid: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections shall
inquire into and report whether the constitution and
laws have been violated as aforesaid, and whether
tho President or any one under his command has in
any manner interfered with tho said election, or has
in any way used or threatened to use the military
power of the nation with relerence to the said elec-
tion, and if so, whether it was upon the requisition
of the Governor of Maryland; and the committee
shall have power to sendfor persons and papers.
The question was upon the motion to sus-
pend the rules.
, Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
The point of order is that under the Constitu-
tion of the United States and the rules of this
. House the present House of Representatives
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress is not competent
to inquire into the election and returns of mem-
bers of the Fortieth Congress.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. This House of Representatives
can certainly inquire into anything which the
House may resolve to inquire into ; when the
House shall come to act the gentleman's point
of order may be made.
Mr. PHELPS. So far as I am concerned
there is no reason why I should make any
objection to the fullest investigation of the
elections referred to by this resolution. But
I submit to this House, apart from my point
of order, whether itis proper for this Congress
to anticipate the action of the Fortieth Con-
gress in a matter concerning exclusively,- as
this does, the election and returns of members
of that Congress.
The SPEAKER. That is a question for
the House itself to determine.
Mr. WARD, of New York. I desire to sta,te
that I have introduced this preamble and res-
olution at the instance of prominent Union
men of Maryland.
Mr. FINCK. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules is not debatable.
Mr. FINCK. Then I object to debate.
The question was upon suspending the'rules.
Mr. FINCK. On that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 109, nays 37, not vot-
ing 45; as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Baker, Baldwin, Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Ben-
jamin, Bidwcll, Bingham, Boutwell, Brandegee,
Bromwell, Broom all, Bundy, Reader W. CIaike.Cobb,
Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Defrees, Deming, Dixon,
Donnelly, Driggs, Eekley, Eggleston, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Farquhar, Ferry,Garfield, Grinnell, Griswold,
Hale, Aaron Harding Aimer C. Harding, Hart, Haw-
kins, Higby, Hill, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Chester D.
Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John H.Hubbard, James
R. Hubbell,Hulburd,Ingersoll, Julian, Kasson, Kel-
ley, Kelso, Koontz, KuykendallJLaflin, Loan, Long-
year, Lynch, Marston.Marvin, Maynard, McClurg,
Mclndoe, McKee, McRuer, Mercur, Miller, Moor-
head, Morrill, Moulton, O'Neill,Oi'th, Paine, Patter-
son, Perham, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, William H.
Randall, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, John H.
Rice, Rollins, Schenek, Scofieid, Shellabarger, Sloan,
Spalding, Stevens, Stokes, Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner,
Elibu B. Wassume, Henry D. Washburn, William
B5 Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Whaley, Wil-
liams, James F.Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom,
and Woodbridge—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Campbell,
Chanlcr, Cooper, Dawson, Denison, Eldridge, Finck,
Glossbrenner,Goodyear, Ilise, Hogan, EdwinN. Hub-
bell, Humphrey, Hunter, Kerr, Latham, Le Blond,
Leftwich, jN iblack, Nicholson, Phelps, Radford, Sam-
uel J. Randall, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Shanklin, Sit-
greaves, Strouse, Taber, Nathaniel G, Taylor, Nelson
Taylor, Thornton, and Trimble—35.
NOT? VOTING - Messrs. Alley, Ames, Arnell,
James M. Ashley, Banks, Blaine, Blow, Buckland,
Sidney Clarke, Culver, Darling, Davis, Dawes, De-
lano, Dodge, Dumont, Harris, Hayes, Henderson,
Holmes, Asahel W. Hubbard, Jenckes, Johnson,
Jones, Ketcham, George V. Lawrence,William Law-
rence, Marsh all, McCallough, Morris, Myers, Newell,
Noell, Pike, Rousseau, Sawyer, Starr.Stilwell, Thayer,
Francis Thomas. John L. Thomas, Robert T. Van
Horn, Andrew H.Ward, Winfield, and Wright—45.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. MORRILL said: A number of the mem-
bers of the Committee of Ways and Means
were last week engaged in their committee-
room during the sessions of the House, and
they expect to be detained from the House
during this week in the same way. This will
account for the non-appearance of their names
on the yeas and nays.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The SPEAKER. The rules having been
suspended, the preamble and resolution are
now before the House.
Mr. WARD, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
the preambleand resolution recite substantially
all that I would desire to say upon the subject.
I think that-members of the House fully under-
stand the subject-matter of the resolution and
are prepared to act upon it. I desire to say
only that the resolution is introduced at the
instance of prominent Union men of the State
of Maryland, they believing that their only
remedy is an appeal to the Congress of the
United States. They believe that the Execu-
tive of tho State of Maryland, who in imitation
of a higher example has been guilty of apos-
taey to his party and to the principles upon
which he was elected, has handed over the
Unionists, bound hand and foot, to the men
who, by the constitution of the State, were
deprived of t^ exercise of the elective fran-
chise, because they had been engaged in rebel-
lion against the United States. With this
statement I demand the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. WTill the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
■ Mr. WARD, of New York. I will yield for
a suggestion.
Mr. DAWES. I did not understand dis-
tinctly the full scope of the resolution; but it
seems to me that there are two questions aris-
ing upon it. First, it is so broad that it im-
poses upon the Committee of Elections, if they
are expected to do this work thoroughly and
as it ought to be dona* more labor than it will
be possible for them to perform during th6
brief period of their existence. The other
suggestion is that this will evidently be labor
entirely lost, for this same labor will be im-
posed upon the Committee of Elections of thi
next Congress; for that committee will not,
of course, be identical with the present corn^
mittee, even if it should include any member
of the present committee.
While the present committee will not shrink
from the performance of any labor within their
gower which may be required of them by the
[ouse, still I think it highly desirable that the
gentleman from Nevr York should accept a
modification of his motion, and permit the res-
olution, without being adopted by the House,
to be referred to the committee, so that they
may inquire whether under all the circum-
stances this is a proper investigation to be en-
tered upon by the present committee without
their being able to make any legal use of the
testimony that may be taken, and when the
committee of the next Congress would be
obliged to carry on a similar investigation,
going over the same ground. If the gentleman
will consent to trust his resolution with the
committee for this purpose, that would seem
to me to be the proper course.
Mr. WARD, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
in the preamble of this resolution there is a
suggestion that the President of the United
States has, without any requisition -of the Gov-
ernor of Maryland, without any demand being
made upon him in pursuance of the Constitu-
tion, interfered in the elections of Maryland";
and I think that question should at least be
examined by some committee. I felt a delicacy
about asking for the appointment of a select
committee, because I knew the reluctance
which the House feels toward appointing so
many select committees, especially so late in
the session. I should have asked a reference
of this matter to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary ; but I knew that that committee is already
charged with the investigation of many import-
ant matters, and is burdened with more busi-
ness than it can attend to during the present ses-
sion. I felt it proper that this matter should
go before the Committee of Elections, because
I was well aware that it is a competent committee
to make this investigation, and that many mem-
bers of the committee are elected to the next
Congress.
But, sir, as I said in the commencement, I
offer this resolution at the suggestion of the
prominent Union men of Maryland who have
suffered everything during the late contest, who
have had their homes desolated, their fields
laid waste because of their loyalty to the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman yield
to me?
Mr. WARD, of New York. Not now. They
supposed they would be protected in the rights
of American citizens when the war was over
and the old flag again waved over every inch
of the national domain, but they found them-
selves. through the treachery of the Executive
of Maryland, transferred to those who had been
warring against, the Government and seeking to
overthrow our institutions transferred to them
through the machinery of this Government by
