1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1383
prison at their pleasure, the power to fine, to
confiscate property, and to plunder or kill the
citizens, and that without any redress. Why,
sir, what are the military commissions that
are authorized here? Are not the members
selected by this officer in command selected
to do his bidding—organized to convict, if he
desires conviction, and their proceedings sub-
ject to his approval? Nay, sir, even sentence
of death by them is to be carried into exe-
cution according to his will, because this bill
contemplates the capital execution of a citizen
tried before these tribunals simply upon the
approval of the officer commanding the dis-
trict.
Such, sir, is the bill introduced here, for the
passage of which our votes are solicited, and
to pass which we are driven into the hours of
the night, hurriedly and unprepared, while
some expectant persons outside, perhaps', look
with impatience upon the delay which is taking
place, this unnecessary delay, this protraction
of our proceedings, this waste of time, this
foolish appealing to old records and to princi-
ples which we have advanced far beyond in
our revolutionary career. Yes, sir, a spirit
of impatience and intolerance surrounds us
and finds voice even upon this floor.
I will state objections to the bill in general
terms and conclude. I am .not inclined to
speak at length, but I should take shame to
myself if such a bill as this could be passed
or be under consideration here without utter-
ing some few sincere words in opposition to
its enactment.
Sir, this bill, in the first place, is an open
confession in the face of the world that repub-
lican government is a failure. It is an open
and shameless confession, made by us in the
presence of our own countrymen and in the
presence of the world, that our republican in-
stitutions are not as they were supposed to be,
destined to immortality or to future renown;
that their period of life has about closed, that
we are to be added to the list of republics of
former times and of other countries who ran hur-
ried, but some of them not inglorious careers,
to end in what this bill suggests,the rule
of a master, in the establishment of military
power, in the chastisement of crime, of vio-
lence, and of private wrong, not by civil law,
but by military force. You propose to put in
command of one third of the United States
generals of your armies. You propose to confer
on them dictatorial powers. That is the word.
This bill establishes a military dictatorship by
congressional enactment for one third of the
United States, and its grants are in the largest
and vaguest terms. Under them any act per-
taining to civil government, anji act pertaining
to the punishment of criminal offenders, may
be authorized and may be performed by the
military power which you set up. That is a
dictatorship. No matter by what name it be
designated that is its nature. That yoti estab-
lish by this bill. Whatever you propose, that
will be the authority created; it will be known
as a dictatorship in all future time.
Mr. President, at what time is it proposed
to set up this military dictatorship in the
United States? _ Is it not nearly two years
after the conclusion of the late war ? Is it not
at a time when complete peace reigns through-
out the United States, when there is no resist-
ance to the authority of the Government, and
when we apprehend no such resistance in
future unless that resistance be provoked,
possibly, by our conduct and policy ? There
can be no vindication of this measure upon the
ground of its connection with the war. There
can be no vindication of it upon the ground
that it is necessary in the conduct or manage-
ment of military operations, in the subduing
of a force arrayed against our authority in any
portion of the country; nor that it is necessary
to guard against renewed revolt and renewed
resistance in any place or section subject to
our jurisdiction.
The Long Parliament, to which reference
has been made, established a military force of
its own, independent of the Crown, and it
placed over that force military commanders.
It armed them and sent them forth upon a mils'
sion of resistance to kingly power. That was
during a time of civil convulsion, when parties
were to be arrayed against each other in
deadly conflict, when the great battle between
executive, prerogative, and popular freedom
was to be fought out upon British soil. There
was some reason, some excuse then for a Par-
liament which claimed omnipotence to confer
enormous powers upon military commanders
selected by itself. There is no reason now why
an American Congress which is not omnipo-
tent, an American Congress whose powers are
carefully and grudgingly parceled out to it in
the Constitution of the country, a Congress
whose powers are subjected to necessary and
extensive limitations ; it is not now a time for
an American Congress to assume to itself those
omnipotent powers which will be implied by
the passage of this bill. It is not now a time
for the American Congress to set up military
power and a military dictatorship in any por-
tion of the country.
The duties of the hour of which we hear so
much are to heal the wounds of conflict, to
restore real peace and genuine concord through-
out our country, to return to the pacific de-
bates which in former times characterized the
proceedings of the legislative department of
the Government, to restore by sound measures
that prosperity which was interrupted by the
war, and by a careful and provident states-
manship to make provision against those dan-
gers to which the pecuniary interests and
the liberties of our country are liable in the
future. If I read aright the duties of the
hour they may be thus described: they do
not consist in prosecuting in a time of peace
the projects, enterprises, and measures of a
time of war. They do not include the inject-
ing into our councils elements of commotion,
of hatred, of antagonism. What is now re-
quired, and particularly what is required in the
consultations of the legislative department,
which is the great branch of Government, is
a spirit of Christianity and of justice, which
shall put behind us the works of war and the
passions of war and incite us to works of res-
toration and peace. _ Possessing this spirit, we
shall perform our mission nobly and grandly ;
without it, our labor will be vain and our future
inglorious.
Because this bill asserts a congressional
omnipotence which we do not possess, and
which, if we did possess it, wc ought not to
exercise; because it announces before the
world the failure of republican institutions
among us; because it disregards all the con-
stitutional protections of the citizen, and, with-
out necessity or reason, subjects him in his
rights of property, liberty, and'even life itself
to the pleasure of military power, I shall vote
against it, as I shall vote against all similar
measures which may be introduced hereafter.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, I dp not pro-
pose to offer any suggestions m relation to this
general measure, but I desire to say a few
words why I think this amendment should be
adopted. In the first place, we all recollect
that at the last session of Congress we passed
through both Houses a constitutional amend-
ment. I suppose that by that we meant some-
thing. The amendment now under considera-
tion is practically that constitutional amend-
ment with certain additions, and additions
which commend it more particularly to our
favor. I cannot see how any man who voted
for that amendment can nowvote against this
amendment, especially as it includes the right
or the principle that was then contended for
by some, that we should guaranty suffrage to
all at the South.
But, sir, I rose more particularly to address
myself to an argument which was made by my
excellent and learned friend, the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Howakd.] He tells us that
if this bill becomes a law, if this amendment
is adopted, and the southern States go to work
under it and adopt its provisions, they may
send into the Fortieth Congress some twenty
or more additional Representatives, and also
an equal number of electors 
Mr. HOWAKD. If the Senator will allow
me, that was a slight oversight on my part. I
mean unless this Congress should see fit to
legislate on the subject so as to adapt represent- -
ation to the state of things contemplated by this
amendment, providing that the States should
be represented according to their numbers,
&c. My remark, however, will apply to any
future Congress after the Fortieth.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, there is an
existing law apportioning the number of Rep-
resentatives to each State. That law cannot
be changed without the action of Congress, and
in the ordinary course of things it would not be
changed until after the next census, 1870, in
1871. Hence there is no danger upon that
point, if there were no objection arising from
such a consideration. But, sir, whether this
amendment be adopted or not, the Constitution
now gives to those States, whenever they are
represented, whenever there is a new census
and a new apportionment, a right to be repre-
sented here on the basis of their entire popu-
lation. It does not in any way change that
question whatever. Therefore 
Mr. HOWARD. Iftliegentleman willallow
me to interrupt him once more, I will say that
this amendment contemplates the adoption of
the amendment to the Constitution submitted
at the last session of Congress. It is not to go
into operation at all until that amendment has
become a part of the Constitution. "When that
shall take place, I submit to the honorable Sen-
ator from New Hampshire there would be a
legal right growing out of the amendment itself
to increase the number of their representatives.
Mr. CRAGIN. My point is that if they do
not adopt the constitutional amendment at all
and come back here they are entitled to that
increase of representation, by counting the
two fifths who were formerly excluded, who,
now that all are free, are to be included in the
basis of representation, so that it makes no
difference upon that point whatever. For one,
sir, I have to say, that whenever the southern
people adopt the constitutional amendment
and provide for universal suffrage, and are to
be received back here, I am willing that they
should be represented for their entire people,
black and white. But, sir, I say again, that
those of us who voted for the constitutional
amendment at the last session cannot consist-
ently vote against this amendment unless there
be some provisions in that to which we now
object; and for one, unless this amendment
shall be adopted, I say here, that if called upon
to vote for the bill as it comes from the House,
I shall do it, if at all, most reluctantly.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not pro-
pose, sir, to make any remarks on the bill. I
rise to suggest an amendment to the amend-
ment. It is in the ninth line, after the word
"upward," to insert "who have resided one
year in said State; " so that if amended that
portion of the amendment will read:
And when it shall have provided by its constitu-
tion that the elective franchise shall be enjoyed by
all male citizens of the United States twenty-one
years old and upward, who have resided one yearra
said State, without regard to race, color, &o.
Mr. JOHNSON. I believe it is not in my
power to accept the amendment to the amend-
ment; but, upon looking at the amendment
which I offered, which was originally drawn by
the honorable member from Oregon, I see that
the provision is very uncertain. It proposes to
secure the right of suffrage to every man over
twenty-one years of age who happened to be in
the State an actual resident at the time of the
election, without any reference to the period
of time that he may.h^ve been a resident of
the State. I should, therefore, be in favor of
the amendment suggested by the member from
New Jersey. . . ,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is m the
power of the Senator from Maryland to accept
the amendment as a modification oi his own
amendment, if he pleases.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I accept it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mprt
