620
CONGRESSIOISFAL GLQ11.
January 21,
aid of the President. And they feel this matter
should be investigated now. They went to the
Legislature of Maryland; they asked that Le-
fislature to investigate these matters, and that
legislature has refused to investigate the mat-
ters involved in this resolution;
The courts there, sir, have sold freedmen
into slavery in defiance of the civil rights bill.
The President is against them ; the Executive
of the State is against them; the majority of
the people of Maryland who have been rebels
and are now restored to power in that State are
against the®; and, sir, their sole resort is to
the Congress of the United States. I ask,
therefore, this resolution be passed in defer-
ence to the sentiments and feelings of these
loyal' people; and I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will not interpose objection.
Of course the Comrryttee of Elections can
investigate such questions as they may deem
proper and their time will permit. I beseech
the House, representing as I do the sentiment
of the loyal Union people of Maryland—I ex-
pected one of the Representatives of the Balti-
more district would be present to offer it, but
he is absent—I ask the House to refer the mat-
ter the committee; and I ask that committee
to make a full and fair investigation as far as
time will permit.
■I do not know of any particular labor this
committee has at present on its hands. I do
not know of any contested-election cases. I
have great confidence in that committee, and 1
hope they will give their attention to the subject.
Mr. PHELPS. One single question.
Mr. WARD, of New York. Certainly.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask whether any petition
or memorial from those prominent loyal men
of whom the gentleman speaks has been pre-
sented to this House upon which this or any
other resolution can be based ? I have seen
no such petition, and I undertake to deny the
fact the gentleman has enunciated that this
is sanctioned by prominent loyal men of Mary-
land.
Mr. WARD, of New York. I do not yield
for a speech; I only yield for a question.
Mr. PHELPS. This is a matter in which
the State of Maryland is concerned.
Mr. WARD, of New York. I will yield to
the gentleman from Massachusetts when I
have answered the gentleman from Maryland.
He asks if my action is based on any petition
presented to this House. . I have only to say
in reference to that I have had no petition in the
form of a petition, bat I have had application
from numerous Union men of the State of
Maryland. One of the prominent Union men
who asks this action is the gentleman who
claims the gentleman from Maryland has been
returned to a seat in this House by rebel votes
in defiance of the constitution of Maryland. -
Mr. PHELPS. I understand that.
Mr. WARD, of New York. I decline to
yield to the gentleman. I yield to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman knows the
Committee of Elections do not desire to 'pre-
vent any investigation into this matter, but
will be willing to investigate anything trusted
to us by this House. If gentlemen will notice
how broad it is and what labor it will involve,
I think they will consent that it should be mod-
ified.
Mr. PHELPS. Allow me to correct the gen-
. tleman's statement.
Mr. WARD, of New York. For a moment.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman has stated
an investigation of the character now proposed
was attempted to be made by the Legislature
of Maryland, and that it was refused to be
entertained. I ask whether the gentleman does
or does not know the fact, as he seems to be
familiar with the proceedings of the Maryland
Legislature, that the House of Delegates have
passed a resolution of inquiry in reference to
the same matters embraced in his resolution.
So much for his first misstatement.
The gentleman further stated, reviewing a
discussion that took place here the other day,
in which I found myself a participant, that
under the laws in relation to the penalty im-
posed upon persons of color convicted of crime,
the penalty of slavery was still being enforced
in that State; and the inference from the gen-
tleman's remarks was that there was no help,
no redress for outrages, as he called them, such
as those thus committed, except by the prompt
action of Congress in the direction indicated by
his resolution. I ask the gentleman whether
he does or does- not know the fact that the
House of Delegates of Maryland have, by a
unanimous vote, passed an act, which I in-
formed this House when I was last on the floor
on this question, had then been introduced into
that body for the repeal o£ the statute of Mary-
land authorizing negro slavery in that State as
a penalty for crime. That measure is now before
the Senate of the State, and from the unanim-
ity with which it was passed in the Lower House
the gentleman may judge whether or not it is
likely to command a majority of the Senate of
Maryland.
One word more arid I have done. Who are
these""prominent loyal men" who are repre-
senting the State of Maryland here through the
gentleman from New York? Where are my
colleagues, who are presumed in the estimation
of the gentleman to be considered fit and proper
exponents of the loyal people of Maryland to
speak for them on a question such as thi3 ? I
venture to make the assertion, in the absence
of any petition or memorial signed by any re-
spectable man of the Union party of Maryland
presented to the House, that the only parties
to whom the gentleman refers, at whose in-
stance this movement is initiated, are defeated
candidates for public office.
Mr. WARD, of New York. Mr. Speaker, I
desired that my friend from Maryland should
have an opportunity to make the statement
which he has, because I certainly do not wish
to strangle discussion on this subject. But,
sir, I hold in my hand a copy of the American
and Commercial Advertiser of Baltimore which
purports to give the proceedings of the Legis-
lature of the'State of Maryland with reference
to a proposed investigation upon this subject,
and trusting I shall not weary the House with
the matter 1 ask that that report be read. It
is all the information I have on the subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Afraid of Daylight—Information Refused —
Some of the Democratic pressof tho State, and many
of the Democratic and Conservative members of the
Legislature have denouncsd and abused Hon. Ham-
ilton* Ward, of New York, for the introduction of
a resolution in the House of Representatives inquir-
ing into the connection of the national authorities
with the recent State election and removal of the
police commissioners. Of course, if there was noth-
ing that was not proper to see thelightof day in con-
nection with this subject, as the indignation of the
Democracy would imply, there would be no objection
to President Johnson's connection with that election
being made public. The Republicans in the General
Assembly, taking this view of the matter, resolved to-
day to test the smecrity of their opponents, and give
them an opportuniy of defending Messrs. Johnson
and Swann from any charges that the resolution in
the House of Representatives would imply. Accord-
ingly, in the Senate this morning, Mr. Holton, (Re-
publican,) of Howard, submitted an order requesting
the Governor to communicate to the Senate all cor-
respondence, by telegraph and otherwise, between
himself and General Grant and General Canby 'in
relation to the threatened interference of the Uni-
ted States authorities in the removal of the police
commissioners of Baltimore city.'
" The Democracy did not at first perceive the ob-
ject of the Republicans in this move to bring to
light matters of suoh vital importance to tho Stato
and country at this time, and adopted the orderwith-
out a division.
" Some time after its passage, and after the grant-
ing of leaves to introduce new bills, at the suggestion
of Mr. Compton, (Democrat,) of Charles, the vote on
its adoption was reconsidered, and tho matter was
again before the Senate. He then proposed an
amendment requesting the Governor to also commu-
nicate 'all information in his possession relative to
the threatened interforence by non-residents of this
State not in official position,' which, of course, the
Republicans at once accepted as they knew their
party had nothing to fear or conceal on this sub-
ject.
"Mr. Davis, (Republican.) of Caroline, suggested
to further amend the resolution so as to require that
' all conversations between the Governor and Presi-
dent Johnson on tho same subject' be given for the
public benefit; but this was rejected, it receiving
alone the vote of Mr. Davis.
"Mr. Tome, (Republican,) of Cecil, was as anxious
as his colleague in the pursuit of information, and
offered an amendment requesting his Excellency to
furnish the Senate with ' the official correspondence
with the Conservative and Democratic leaders of the
State on the subject of the removal of tho police
commissioners.' This was pushing the affair a little
too far, and might make some unpleasant exposures,
thought Mr. Stephenson, (Democrat,) _of Hartford,
who moved that the whole subject be laid on the
table. The Democracy desired to kill off the matter
in a more effectual manner, and uniting with the
Republicans, by a vote of 4 yeas to 19 nays, Mr. Ste-
phenson's motion was rejected, and after voting down
Mr. Tome's proposition, theoriginalresolution offered
by Mr. Holton, and as amendedby Mr. Compton, was
rejected,- the Democrats and Conservatives, with the
exception of Messrs. Broadwater, Compton and Viok-
ers, all voting against it.
" But your readers will suppose that in the House
of Delegates, where his Excellency's friends aro more
numerous than in the other branch of the General
Assembly, such an opportunity to vindicate his rep-
utation from the charges that have been maiie in
connection with this subject would have been hailed
with pleasure, and received a unanimous vote. Not
so, however, as the result proved.
' Mr. Buhrman, (Republican,) of Frederick, offered
in this body a resolution similar in purport, but dif-
fering slightly in phraseology, to that rejected in the
Senate. It occasioned some fluttering and surprise
among the majority, and was read the second time
for their information at the request of one of their
number.
"Mr. Boswell, of Baltimore, immediately on the
conclusion of the reading of the resolution, moved to
'lay it on the table,' bat, at the suggestion of
"Hon. Alexander Evans, of Cecil, withdrew his
motion, and Mr. Evans proposed to amendMr. Buhr-
man's orderso as to leave the answerinirof theinquiry
at the discretion of Mr. Swann—'if in his judgment
it was not incompatible with the interests of tho
State.'
"This amendment was adopted, the Republicans
voting against it, when Mr. Boswell renewed his mo-
tion to 'lay the subject on the table.' Even with the
discretionary power granted the Governor by Mr.
Evans's amendment, to answer or not, Mr. Swann's
friends would not permit it to pass. On the motion
that the resolution be laid on the table, Speaker Mil-
ler, Messrs. Aydelotte, Cameron, Dennis, Ford, Ma-
graw, Magruder, Parsons, Shipley, and Spieer were
the only members of the Opposition who voted with
the Republicans against the Governor furnishing the
information desired.
"It is to be hoped that Senator Creswell, Hon.
Francis Thomas, or Hon. John L. Thomas, will offer
a resolution in Congress inquiring of the President
for the information desired by the Republican mem-
bers of the General Assembly and refused them by
President Johnson and Governor Swann's supporters.
Let there be light thrown on the subject. Congress
should fully investigate the matter, and now is the
fitting time. Let a Republican from Maryland look
after it and at once."
Mr. WARD, of New York. That is the
answer to the first question of the gentleman
from Maryland. Now in answer to the sec-
ond  .
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman allow
me a question?
Mr. WARD, of New York. I cannot. I
desire to answer the second question pro-
pounded to me by the gentleman, namely:
who has suggested this thing? What promi-
nent Union man has asked me to present this
resolution? . I can tell him that Hon. John L.
Thomas is one, and Mr. Stewart, who is to con-
test the gentleman's seat in the next Congress,
is another. And I have letters here on the
subject from numerous parties in the State of
Maryland whose names I do not now remem-
ber.
Now, sir, I say that this is the only remedy
which these people have. This is a part of
the grand conspiracy in which the President,
Governor Swaim, the rebels of the South, and
the Copperheads of the North are engaged, to
restore the rebels to power and to demand and
insist upon the recognition of the rebel State
governments in the South. The Supreme Court
of the United States has issued its edict, has
taken its position ; the President of the United
States has taken his position; the rebels of the
South and the Copperheads of the North have
taken their position; and the only remedy that
is left to the loyal people of this country, to
the down-trodden and oppressed Unionists of
the South, whether in Maryland or in Georgia,
or wherever they may be, is to come to the
Congress of the United States; and, sir,
they do come hero in this form and a3k this
interference: that the part taken by the Exec-
utive in Maryland matters may be investigated,
and that the broad seal of congressional pro-
tection be thrown over the Unionists of Mary-
land. I demand the previous question on the
resolution.
