1867.
THE COTOKBSSTOFAL GLOBE.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman from
New York yield to me for a moment?
Mr. WAltD, of New York. I cannot yield.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
70, noes 31; and the main question was ordered
to be put.
Mr. LE BLOND. Upon the adoption of the
resolution I demand the yeas and nays, that we
may see who believes that Congress has power
to remedy all these evils, if evils exist.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. Is there'objection to hav-
ing the vote taken on the preamble and reso-
lution together?
Mr. LE BLOND. I am perfectly willing
that the vote shall be taken together.
No objection was made.
The question was taken upon agreeing to the
preamble and resolution ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 35, not voting
62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, J ames M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Barker, Bax-
ter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine,
Boutwell, Brandegee, Bromwell, Broomall, Back-
land, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Conkling, Cook,
Cullom, Defrees, Delano, Deming, Dixon. Dodge.
Donnelly, Eggleston, Eliot, Farquhar, Perry, Gar-
field, Grinnell, Griswold, Abner C, Harding, Hart,
Hawkins. Hayes, Higby, Hill, Holmes, Hotehkiss,
Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hub-
bard, James R. Hubbell, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Julian,
Kelley, Kelso, Ketcham, Koontz, Ruykenduli, Laf-
hn, George V. Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch,
Marston, Marvin, Maynard, MeClurg, Mclndoe, Me-
Ruer, Mcrcur, Miller, Moorhead, Moulton, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Plants, Pom-
eroy, Raymond, Alexander H. Riee, Rollins, Sawyer,
Sehenck, Shellabarger, Sloan, Spalding, Stevens,
Stokes, irowbridge, Upson, Van Aernarn, Burt Van
Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner. Blihu B. Wash-
burne, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Wolker, Wentworth, James P. Wilson, Stephen J?.
Wilson. Windom, and Woodbridge—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Aueona. Bergen, Boyer, Campbell,
Chanler, Cooper, Dawson, Denison, Eldridge, Finck,
Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Aaron Harding, Hise, Ed-
win N. Hubbell, Humphrey, Kerr, Le Blond, Left-
wich, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Phelps, Radford,
Samuel J. Randall, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Shanklin,
Sitgreaves, Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Tay-
lor, Thornton, and Trimble—35.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Arnell,
Banks, Blow, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Culver, Darling,
Davis, Dawes, Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Farnsworth,
Hale, Harris, Henderson, Hogan, Hooper, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Johnson, Jones, Kas-
son, Latham, William Lawrence, Marshall, McCul-
lough, MeKee, Morrill, Morris, Myers, Newell, Price,
William H. Randall, John H. Riee, Rousseau, Sco-
field, Starr, Stilwell, Strouse, Thayer, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Robert T. Van Horn.
Andrew H. Ward, Whaley, Williams, Winfield, and
Wright—52.
So the preamble and resolution were agreed
to.
Mr. WARD, ef New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the preamble and reso-
lution were agreed to ; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
george st. leger grenfel.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the House of Representatives :
I transmit herewith a report from the Sec-
retary of War and the accompanying papers,
in compliance with a resolution of the House
of Representatives of the 19th ultimo, request-
ing copies of all papers in possession of the
President touching the case of George St. Leger
Grenfel. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved that the mes-
sage and accompanying documents be laid upon
the table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
north carolina judicial officers.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of
the United States:
To the House of Representatives:
I herewith communicate a report from the
Secretary of the Interior, in answer to a reso-
lution of the House of Representatives of the
16th instant, in relation to the clerks of the
Federal courts and the marshal of the United
States for the district of North Carolina.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C,, January '1.9, 1867.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved that the mes-
sage and accompanying document be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, andjordered
to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
new orleans mot.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
in answer to a resolution of the House of
December 13, 1866, stating that all'informa-
tion relative to the New Orleans riot of July
last has been sent by him to the President for
transmission to Congress; which was laid upon
the table and ordered to be printed.
springfield armory expenditures.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
in compliance with the act of April 2, 1794,
transmitting a statement of the Chief of Ord-
nance of the arms manufactured and repaired
and expenditures made at the Springfield ar-
mory during the year ending June 30, 1866;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
botanical garden sewer.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Commissioner of
Public Buildings, in compliance with the civil
appropriation act of last session, transmitting
a report relative to the sewer through the botan-
ical garden ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and
ordered to be printed. ,
laws of utah and arizona.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
copies of the laws of the Territories of Utah
and Arizona; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
order of business.
Mr. STEVENS. I now demand the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business is the consideration of House bill No.
543, to provide for restoring to the States
lately in insurrection their full political rights,
upon which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerb] is entitled to the floor.
relief of poor is the district.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman from
Indiana yield to me long enough to enable me
to introduce a concurrent resolution for the
relief of the poor of this District, which I am
sure no one here will have the heart to.object
to when they hear it read ?
Mr. KERR. I will not object if it gives
rise to no discussion.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I then ask unanimous
consent to offer the following resolution:
Whereas tbe extreme severity of the present win-
ter has doubled the suffering and distress of the
poor : Therefore
Beit resolved, (the Senate concurring herein,) That
there be appropriated, out of anymoney intheTreas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $25,000,
to be paid to Major General O, O. Howard, to be dis-
tributed by him to the suffering poor of this District,
without distinction of race or color, in such sums a«
to him shall seem propor.
Mr. LE BLOND. I do not propose to ob-
ject to the resolution if there is a reason for it,
but I know of no reason for the adoption of
the resolution ; neither do I see the propriety
of placing this appropriation in the hands of
this General Howard. It seems to me that if
the appropriation is made at all, it would be
more properly placed in the hands of the
mayor of the city to be applied by him.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Le Bloxd] object to the introduc-
tion and consideration of this concurrent resol-
ution at this time ?
Mr. LE BLOND. If the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] will assign any satis-
factory reason for appropriating this money at
this time for this purpose I will not object,
otherwise I shall object.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have received ac-
counts, more perhaps than have been received
by any other member of this House because
of my position as chairman of the Committee
for the District of Columbia, from all quarters
of the distresses of the poor in this city.
Mr. ROGERS. Of the white poor?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes, sir, of the white
as well as other poor persons; I have had more
calls made upon me from the white poor than
from any others. This is and has been an un-
usually severe winter; perhaps the most severe
so far of any winter since 1780. On two dif-
ferent occasions heretofore Congress has ap-
propriated the sum of $2,500, and on one
occasion the sum of $25,000 for similar pur-
poses. In my opinion there is mare occasion
now for this assistance than ever before; and
this is owing to the combination of high prices,
excessive snows, and extreme cold weather of
this season, together with the unprepared con-
dition of the poor to meet this kind of "weather.
Many of them are now liviug in huts, hovels,
and shanties, seeking shelter where they can
find it. A poor boy came to me the other day
who had been lying of nights in a lumber
yard, and consequently had a hand and a foot
frozen.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will not the gentleman
consent to modify his resolution so as to pro-
vide for placing this money in the hands of
those whose duty it is to provide for the poor
in this city ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It seems to me that those
who have charge of the poor of this city will
know better how to expend this sum of money
than any general officer of the Army or any
officer of the Freedmen's Bureau.
Mr. IN GERSOLL. The main object I have
in view is the relief of the distresses of those
who are thus suffering. I shall make no ob-
jection to any one of known integrity and hon-
esty whom the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldridoe] may name.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would suggest the
mayor of Washington or the overseers of the
poor.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Several gentlemen
around me say they prefer that General How-
ard shall have charge of this matter. So far
as I am personally concerned I have no ob-
jection to the mayor of Washington; but as
several gentlemen around me object I cannot
aecept the suggestion of the gentleman.
Mr. RADFORD. I shall insist that this
resolution, containing an appropriation, shall
be referred to the Committee of the Whole '
unless some person is joined to the one named
in the resolution for the disbursement of this
money.
Mr. STEVENS. I would ask if this money
is to be drawn from the Treasury of the United
States ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is.
Mr- STEVENS. Then it should be distrib-
uted by United States officers. If tliat is not
provided for I must object to it and insist upon
the regular order of business.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Will tha
gentleman allow me to suggest 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Kerr] yielded on the condition
that this matter should not give rise to debate. *
Mr. KERR. I desire to suggest, in regard
to this resolution, that it be modified so as to
provide that the money shall be distributed by
the mayor of this city in conjunction with
General Howard.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The mayors of the cities
of Georgetown and Washington, and General
Howard.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] will state in what
shape he desires to present the proposition
the Chair will put the question to the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I call for the regular order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to suspend the
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been demanded, the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr, Kerr] was upon the floor some tima
since, and yielded to allowthe gentleman from
