1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1387
who are to be regarded as criminals? These
are questions that the friends of this bill ought
to answer.
And to this end he may allow local civil tribunals
to take jurisdiction of and to try offenders.
First, the Army is to be used to protect indi-
viduals in their rights of person and property,
and secondly, to punish criminals. And these
commanders may allow the local civil tribunal
to take jurisdiction and to try offenders j that
will be a matter of permission ; courts will no
longer be held in these ten States as of right,
but whether there be courts or no courts will
depend altogether upon the pleasure of the
commander of the district. If he does not
choose to allow the civil tribunals to act "he
shall have power to organize military commis-
sions or tribunals for that purpose, anything
in the constitution and laws of any of the so-
called confederate States to the contrary not-
withstanding." I wish to suggest to the friends
of this measure one amendment which will be
proper here. It is that when they provide for
the trial of questions as to the rights of person
and property and the trial of persons charged
with crime before the military courts, "any-
thing in the constitution and laws of any of
the so-called confederate States to the contrary
notwithstanding," they should add, "anything
in the Constitution of the United States to the
contrary notwithstanding," and then it will be
an honest bill, then the truth will be toldj be-
cause I undertake to say that no man can vindi-
cate this bill upon the basis of the Constitution,
being the supreme law of this land.
How are the rights of person and property
ascertained? It is not for a military com-
mander, I presume, to go into a neighborhood
and hear a complaint, and to say that the right
in this controversy is with A or with B. He
must hear it, and for that purpose he must
organize a court, or he may allow some civil
court, some ordinary tribunal of the State,
organized under the laws of the State, to try
the case. If he chooses to do so he may
appoint a court of private soldiers or of non-
commissioned officers, or if the cause is of suf-
ficient importance I presume he may organize
a court of commissioned officers.
Does any man say that this is right because
there is war in the southern States? No Sen-
ator will say that, because in point of fact it is
not true; and any man that now casts his vote
for a measure upon the ground that war exists,
and therefore there is occasion for the use of
the Army, legislates npon a proposition in fact
not true. We know there is no war there; we
know that peace has returned to'all the States,
that there is not an armed soldier hostile to
the Union in the southern States, that the
armies have disbanded and the men gone
home. As a fact, we know there is no war,
there is no condition of war; as a fact, we
know that the civil society has returned to its
ordinary condition, and that the State and the
Federal courts are in the exercise of their
ordinary jurisdiction. In other words, Mr.
President, we know that this war has accom-
plished all that was to be accomplished when
it commenced, that the rebellion has been sup-
pressed, that the Union has been maintained
so far as the supremacy of the laws of the Uni-
ted States and of the Constitution is concerned;
I regret to say no further. So far as the Army
could restore this Union it has done its work.
So far as a political organization could stand in
the way of the restoration of the Union, it is to-
day not restored. What more is there for the
Army to do? In each locality of the South what
more is there for the Army to do? It is the pride
of the American soldier to meet the armed foe in
the field, and arm to arm and breast to breast to
fight it out; but it is not the work of the sol-
dier to prey upon unarmed and defenseless
citizens anywhere. The people are at peace.
It is the peace of a subjugated people, to use
the language of some Senator the other day, a
people that have ceased to resist, a people that
have been more completely beaten in war than
perhaps any people before, because they fought
it out to the last extremity; a people overcome
with poverty almost perishing for the necessa-
ries of life; a people offering no opposition to
the execution of the laws of the United States-;
and upon such a people the Army of the Uni-
ted States is to be used I
Mr. President, this bill in its third section
proposes to confer upon the military com-
mander the power to settle disputes between
individuals. How can the distinguished Sena-
tor from Maine [Mr. Fessenden]—I know he
is observing my remarks, and therefore I refer
to him—how can that gentleman, who is so
eminent in the profession of the law, say that
under the Constitution of the United States a
military court can be organized in a peaceable
society to try controverted rights between man
and man touching person or property? In his
professional life, when his client came to recover
a piece of land, he brought his action of eject-
ment ; when he claimed his personal property,
he brought his replevin or trover; when he
claimed for an assault and battery upon the
person, he brought his action of trespassand
it was heard before a judge and jury, and as the
questions of law and fact were ascertained by
those two departments of the court the judg-
ment went. But in the State of Maine what
would he have thought when his client came
to him and stated his case well, and he should
be satisfied that the right was with him, if he
had to cross the street to find some lieutenant
or sergeant and state to him the case for him
to hear and arbitrarily decide, not only decide
where the right was but the extent of the right,
and how it should be vindicated, and from that
decision no appeal? As well to-day may it be
done in the State of Maine as in the State of
Georgia. The existence of rebellion does not
swell the powers of the Federal Government
under the Constitution, and the pretext ceases
with the suppression of the rebellion.
But, Mr. President, there are a few provis-
ions in the Constitution of the United States
that used to be read with some interest by the
people and commanded some degree of respect,
to which I will refer, and I think we might now
respect these provisions because of the high
character of the men who thought it was well
that they should be in the supreme law of the
land, so high that no Congress^ could disturb
them. One of these provisions is that—
No person shall be held to answer for a capital or
otherwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment
or indictment of a grand jury, except in ca,scs arising
in the land or naval forces, or in the militia when in
actual service in time of war or public danger; nor
shall any person be subject for the same offense to be
twice put in jeopardy of life*or limb; nor shall bo
compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against
himself, nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property
without due process of law." 4
Where is the grand jury that is spoken of in
the Constitution? Your military commandar
hears of a murder, one of these murders that
the Senators from Massachusetts have seen
until their eyes have become red. A shocking
thing it is to commit murder! _ To stain one's
hands with hum;\n gore is the chiefest of crimes.
But who is to try that man? We admit the
extent of the criminality; but who is to try
him? Under this bill it would be a little diffi-
cult to say.
It may be one kind of a court or it may be
another; it maybe a militarytommission or
tribunal. How many shall compose the court?
We know who is to organize this court : it is
the military commander. He will designate
A, B, C, and D ; and who is to challenge that
jury? It may be a question between one of
the officers of the court or one of the soldiers
that are brought to try the man and the man
himself, as to which is guilty. _ No challenge
is allowed, but a court is organized arbitrarily
without a word from the defendant. He is put
upon his trial, for what crime? how described
and how defined? I want to know of Senators
who support this bill what is a crime under this
bill? Is that to be decided by the common
law, by the laws of the United States, or by the
law of the State, or is it to be decided on the
definition made by the commander? Is a man
to be tried by the civil law before a military
court or by martial law? If he is tried by mar-
tial law then I believe that martial law is de-
fined to be the will of the commander. What
sliall be the crime that may be punished under
this third section I cannot see. What system
of laws, if any, shall define it I cannot antici-
pate. By what rules of evidence is a man to
be tried"? We know what rules prevail in the
courts. When a man is being tried for his
life we know what are the tests of credibility,
how testimony shall be commanded, and how
it shall be met; but in this military court all
this i*s dependent upon the pleasure of the
court itself.
By what law and rule is the judgment of that
court to be determined ? Is it to be the pleas-
ure of the court? It seems to be so. The
fifth section declares—
That no sentence of any military commission, or
tribunal hereby authorized, affecting the life or lib-
erty of any person, shall be executed until it is
approved by the officer in command of the district,
and the laws and regulations for the government of
the Army shall not be affected by this act except m
so far as they conflict with its provisions.
Then a man is not to be taken by an inferior
officer and tried by his court and put to death
until the opinion of the commander of the dis-
trict is had upon the subject. That is a little
like an appeal. If a man is condemned before
a military court and tried, lie has one chance
yet for his life; the papers shall be sent to the
military commander of the district; he shall
look over them, or one of his aids shall, and
he shall decidi whether the man shall be
put to death. That is comfortable! What are
the guarantees of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States? A man shall first be deemed prob-
ably guilty by at least twelve men on a grand
jury before he shall be put upon his trial, says
the Constitution; and when thus put upon liis
trial on the finding of a grand jury he come3
into a court that is to decide whether the charge
is one that comes within the definitions known
to the law. He is tried upon that before a jury,
he has the benefit of seeing the witnesses face
to face, he has the benefit of counsel to
appear for him, and when the verdict is ren-
dered, there is a court that has heard the evi-
dence, and if the verdict is not right, he has the
benefit of the interposition of the court. And
after all that, in all of our courts, except the
district court of the United States, an appeal
lies to some higher court; and in all important
cases in the circuit court of the United States,
if there is any question of doubt, the judges
express that doubt upon the record, that it may
come to the Supreme Court of the United
States. See the care with which the civil law
and the Constitution of the United States have
provided for the trial of men accused of crime.
But this bill establishes over these southern
States a new system of government, such as
Russia extends over Poland and Austria over
Hungary.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Before the honorable
Senator leaves the point he is discussing with
regard to the last section of the bill, I wish to
call his attention to another consequence to
flow from that provision as it stands. I here
can be no appeal, even in the case of a sen-
tence of death, to the General of the Army 01
to the President of the United States. The
regulations of the Army, as they now stand,
being in conflict with that last section so far
as giving an appeal to the General of the Army
or to the President as Commander-in-Chief is
concerned, the effect of that section is to make
the decision of the brigadier general in the dis-
trict supreme, with no appeal whatever beyond
him. .
Mr. HENDRICKS. In the absence of this
statute I believe the case would have to go to
the President. In fact the death penalty can-
not be executed on the sentence of a mmtary
tribunal except with the approval of the Presi-
d6Mr. HENDERSON. The case of some few
offenses in the field is excepted by the present
law.
