1388
THE CONGRESSIONAL. ©LOBE.
February 15,
Mr. HENDRICKS. But that is during war.
But, sir, what has become of this language
which I find in the seventh article of the
amendments to the Constitution:
"In all criminal prosecutions the accused shall
enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial by an
impartial jury of the Stp,te and district wherein the
crime shall have been committed, winch district shall
have been previously ascertained by law, and to be
informed of the nature and cause of the accusation,
to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to
have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in
his favor, and to nave the assistance of counsel for
his defense."
He shall enjoy the right to a speedy and
Eublic trial, with the witnesses brought before
im, and all before a jury. What state and
condition of our society does this apply to ? It
does not extend to persons in the Army and
Navy. They may be tried by military author-
ity, for the^ Constitution so allows; but with
that exception, and not within the lines of the
Army during war, what becomes of this pro-
vision?
Across the river within sight of this Capitol
we know there is no war, and the civil courts
have full jurisdiction ; and yet across the river
in sight of this Capitol, if this bill becomes a
law, a man may be charged with a crime by
some malicious person who has a grudge to
gratify, may be brought up for trial without
that preparation which every Senator kuows
is necessary for a safe trial, may be brought
before a military court or even before a mili-
tary commander himself, without a court, may
be tried and shot within sight of the Capitol
of the United States. And yet this Constitu-
tion, sworn to by all of us, contains the provis-
ion which I have read, and I have taken an
oath here that by no act of mine shall a citi-
zen in a criminal case be donied the right of
a jury. Am I to vote for a bill which says he
may be denied the jury, tried, and shot? Sir,
I cannot understand this thing! There is peace
in the South, almost the peace of death, a
devastated country that we see, a people with
scarcely enough to support themselves, the
-jourts holding their regular terms, grand ju-
ries meeting; and yet you propose to say that
within the sight of the Capitol this military
execution may take place.
Mr. President, need I refer to the reccnt
decision of the Supreme Court of the United
Status in the Milligan case. That was a very
signal case in all its history. 1 had occasion
to obsorvo it in some of its progress, and I
never wish to see any friend of mine tried by
any such military court. It was a mockery, a
shocking mockery of human rights. In the
city of Indianapolis, in the center of a State
at peace, where there was no pretense that
there was war, 110 pretense that there was an
occasion for the exercise of the military power
of the Government, this man was brought to
trial before a military commission, convicted,
and sentenced to death, and the question finally
came to the Supremo Court of the United
States. The decision of that Court is a plain
one, that this Constitution of ours means some-
thing, and the learned Justice speaks of the
plain English words in which it is written.
The Supremo Court have vindicated the right
of trial by jury, an important right, as our
ancestors thought, a right for which they wore
ready to fight and to die.
I know, Mr. President, that the Supreme
Court has been the object of attack because of
that decision. I am very proud that that de-
cision was made by a western man. Has any
lawyer of this body stopped to reflect that
there is no judge of the English race whose
name has come down with honor to us that did
not vindicate human rights? Have the lawyers
of this body stopped to reflect that every Eng-
lish judge who catered to power and trampled
upon the rights of the humblest individual
has come down clothed with infamy? Hale
represents the one class and Jeffreys the other.
The contest of the noble barons for the great
charter has to be fought over again It seems.
Every judge who has held up that charter, and
the rights of Englishmen under it, has come
down in history with h.onor, and every judge
who bag trampled upon those rights has come
down in history witji dishonor; and so may it
be, Mr. President, and so will it be forever*
I know the appeal that is being made in the.se
times to a great party to break down a judge
because he has repeated the lofty sentiments
that have been the honor and the pride of the
English and American co.urt§ for so many cen-
turies ; but I fear not these attacks. _ When
dissenting opinions shall be forgotten, this great
opinion will stand apaoftg the landmarks of
human liberty. The name of the judge that
Stood up and said that a man was not to be
killed unless he was tried according to the Con-
stitution and the laws is immortal- Think you
that the name of the judge who says that a man
can be killed without trial according to the
Constitution and the law is to stand above the
name of the man ivho is for the Constitution
and the law? Sir, the name of Mr. Justice
Davis, now among the learned of the profes-
sion, among the men who love liberty, has its
place as fixed as the name of Sir Matthew Hale.
I have no criticisms to make upon any other
judge's opinions. Upon the leading point in
the case the court was unanimous. The court
said that the trial in the State of Indiana, where
there was no war, where there was no right to
use the military power, was illegal, and the
execution of the man would be murder. Upon
the possible power of Congress oven iu a time
of war to confer this power, this jurisdiction, to
a military court the court was divided.
' Mr. LANE. Will my colleague permit me
to interrupt him for one moment ?
Mr. HEND HICKS. Certainly.
Mr. LANE. Will my colleague say that
there never was any war in the State of Indiana?
Will he say that the mareli of Morgan through
that State with ton thousand followers was not
war? Will he say that this conspiracy was not
a part of the Morgan raid ? A war existed
there worse than in South Carolina or Georgia.
Mr. HENDRICKS. John Morgan with his
command crossed the Ohio river, made a rapid
march through the State of,Indiana, stole some
horses, which have not been paid for, was pur-
sued rapidly, and finally overtaken, I think in
the State of Ohio. It was a rapid piece of
war through the State of Indiana, and there
was not much conspiracy about that. John
Morgan took us all by surprise. _ He took the
military authorities in Indiana quite by surprise,
for they were not able to catch him. They
made the best speed possible, and some of
them tried to head him off, but he got clear up
in the State of Ohio before he was captured.
The principal evidence of his war in the State
of Indiana was the larceny of some of our
horses. *
Mr. JOHNSON. And never returned.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Some of the horses we
got back. Morgan never returned into the
State of Indiana. So far as the Milligan case
is concerned, it had not anything to do with
John Morgan's raid. Milligan was in no way
connected with John Morgan*s raid that I ever
heard of. He was charged with conspiring in
the North through the Sons of Liberty or
Knights of the Golden Circle to overturn the
Government, a crime defined, I think, in the
act of 1801 or 18G2, and the punishment pre-
scribed and the jurisdiction of the court defined.
The military court undertook to try a case that
Congress had said should be tried in the dis-
trict or circuit court, and because the military
court undertook to do that the Supreme Court
say it was an act of usurpation and the whole
proceedings were irregular and void.
Mr. LANE. Will my colleague permit me to
ask him another question?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. LANE. I am not talking about the
Bowles and Milligan trial. I understood my col-
league to say there was no war in the State -of
Indiana, but a state of peace. Now he says
the Morgan raid resulted in stealing some horses.
My colleague knows that there was a fight at
Corinth and at Salem in our State; and we
have already, passed pension bills to pension
men killed in the Morgan raid, an actual war
in our State. I am not speaking of the trial of
Bo.wles and Milligan ; bat I say there was a war
there which justified military trials,' in my
opinion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was speaking about
the Milligan casp. I am not to be called off to
a discussion of the question whether Morgan
came through the State, or exactly where the
fight was. I. did not know that that was much
of a fight. I knew some persons were shot, but
really I did not think it amounted to a battle,
as far as I heard. I was not in the pursuing
party myself. I happened at that time to be
up the river attending the courts, and I was cut
off from getting home for a fef? days by the
raid coming unexpectedly into the State. What
I say is, that the military force that pursued
him in our State did not overtake him in our
State.
Mr. LANE. That is very true. I was of
that military force, and in less than three days
twenty-live thousand volunteers were in that
force, and we thought it was a, war to protect
the people of Indiana.
Mx. HENDRICKS. All right. My opinion
is that Morgan was making the best speed he
could. That is what our folks thought, and
they especially thought it because he changed
his horses so often' at their expense; and I
think my colleague would do well, from the
Military Committee, to provide for payment
for those horses, if he could. I will go with
him most cordially in that endeavor.
Mr. LANE. That is already done.
Mr. HENDRICKS. To pay for those horses?
Mr. LANE. Yes, sir ; I reported a bill this
morning to accomplish that very purpose.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am delighted to hear
it. I am much better pleased than I was with
the trial of Milligan and the effort to kill him
contrary to law. At the time Milligan was
tried, John Morgan was not in the State of
Indiana at all. None of his forces were in the
State of Indiana, and never were there again
in the world. There was not a confederate
troop in the State of Indiana at the time Mil-
ligan was arrested and tried. It was entirely
disconnected from that. He was not with the
advancing or pursuing party. His case had
nothing to do with the Morgan raid ; so that,
I say, so far as the Milligan trial was concerned,
there was a state of peace. He was tried when
the State of Indiana was in a state of peace;
when the courts wex:e in the exercise of all
their jurisdiction conferred by law ; when there
was no difficulty in securing a full and fair trial
before the courts. Mr. President, in my judg-
ment, it is a grand record of the Supreme Court
that sots that proceeding aside, and says that
when the citizen shall bo tried again he must be
tried according to the Constitution and the
laws. There are no raids down South now;
there is no war there. Then why does not the
decision of the Supreme Court apply ? If a man
is entitled to a trial, by jury in this country,
and the Supreme Court say that that applies
to all citizens not in the land or naval service,
how is it that we can pass a bill that men shall
be tried and killed without a trial according to
law?
But let us look at the other sections of the
bill. For hundreds of years, Mr. President,
our race has boasted Of the writ of habeas cor-
pus, the great writ of liberty, a writ well known
to our people. That writ, if this bill becomes
a law, can only be issued in one possible case
in ten of the States of the Union. _ It can only
be issued by the permission of a military officer.
I will read the provision of the bill:
That courts and judicial officers of the United States
shall not issue writs of habea* corpus in behalf of per-
sons in military custody, unless some commissioned
officer on duty in the district wherein the person i3
detained shall indorse upon said petition a statement
certifying upon honor, that he has knowledge., or
information, as to the cause and circumstances of the
alleged detention, and that he believes the same to
be wrongful.
In ten of the -States of tho Union there is to
be no issue of the writ of habeas corpus, unless
