1390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
that in no republic that has existed on earth,
and in no circumstances connected with the
history of the U nited States, do we find a parallel
for this proposition. It has no virtue; it has
every vice that so short a bill can possess.
Mr. WILSON. It is now midnight, and we
have got a great deal of work to do during the
next few days, I therefore suggest that we make
some arrangement at this time by which we
may take a vote at seven or eight o'clock to-
morrow evening, so as to give abundant time
for the discussion of this question. •
Mr. JOHNSON. Say eleven or twelve
o'clock to-morrow night.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will not agree to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILSON. I merely wish to suggest
to the gentlemen on the other side that we
name some time to take the vote; say ten
o'clock to-morrow night. If we can make
such an arrangement, I think we had better
do so.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to say to the
Senator from Massachusetts that I think the
measure can be concluded then; but I do not
believe in these pre-contracts. They are irreg-
ular. If I choose to discuss this question all
day to-morrow, it is my privilege, or the privi-
lege of any other Senator to do so.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us go on to-night.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Very well. I have not
asked for any adjournment or postponement; I
am willing to stay with those who stay longest,
and stand with those who stand longest. I
think, myself, that the bill can be concluded at
the time suggested; but at the same time I
object to this system of contracting for conclu-
sions of debates where gentlemen may be de-
sirous of debating a question. If I should em-
bark in this debate myself, and I shall undertake
to engage in the full debate, I do not know how
long I might employ myself in producing my
full opinions ; and so of others. It is not ac-
cording to the proper rule of the Senate to
make such an arrangement. We have no pre-
vious question here. This system of contract-
ing to close debate upon great measures like this
is not exactly right. .1 believe we can get the
question to-morrow night. I am willing to sit
up this night, all day to-morrow, and to-morrow
night for that purpose. I am neither hungry,
nor sleepy, nor tired ; I am willing to stay with
you all the time ; but I object to this thing of
limiting debate.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that we
must all foel that we ought to preserve all
the strength we have and all the good tem-
per we have in discussing and dealing with
these matters. The Senator from California
talks a great deal and very often, but he is
always brief, and I have no idea that he will
take all day to-morrow. It seems to me that
now at midnight we might go home in first rate
condition, and come here to-morrow, and to-
morrow evening at ten o'clock take a vote on
this bill. We shall have several amendments
upon it. For myself I will simply say that I
hope the bill in regard to Louisiana will be
modified so as to apply to all these States, and
suffrage be given to everybody, with the excep-
tion of those excluded from holding office by
the constitutional amendment, and that we shall
pass that. I am willing to tack on this bill to
xt. I think that is of more vital importance,
and I should like to see the two measures com-
bined. What I desire now is, that the Senator
from California will let us make this arrange-
ment, to take the vote at ten o'clock to-morrow
evening, which will give full time for debate.
We shall then be able to go home instead of
exhausting ourselves to-night. I can say to the
Senator from California that I have no doubt
that I can keep awake quite as long as he can,
and remain in quite as good condition for
legislation.
Mr. McDOUGALL. We have never tried
our mutual endurance. [Laughter.] I will
say in reply to the Senator that I have now an
amendment here to be offered as an amend-
ment to the amendment when that comes in
order and I have the opportunity, and that will
take at least an hour or two before I have any-
thing to say on the main question. Neverthe-
less, I think that we shall be able to have a
vote to-morrow night; but I do not make any
pre-contract, for myself I claim the right of
debating any question here.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Prom the conversation
I have had with gentlemen about me, I have
not any doubt that we shall be able to get
through with the bill to-morrow night. I have
no doubt that we shall be able to conclude it
to-morrow without any difficulty as to the ques-
tion of time. There are very few gentlemen,
so far as I understand, that intend to speak.
I know that the Senator from California is not
very lengthy generally.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the matter passes
from the recollection of the Senate, as the
Senator from Indiana has renewed an assault
upon a gentleman of my State who served in
the Union Army and did his duty, and an
unjust assault, as I think, I desire to refer to
the record as it occurred two years ago. The
Senator from Indiana charged that I opposed
a resolution to obtain information from the
War Department. I find that the Senator from
Kentucky at that time, Mr. Powell, offered a
resolution calling for the report of some 
Mr. HENDRICKS. Court of inquiry.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, not a court of in-
quiry ; of some commission that had made a
report in reference to General Paine. When
the resolution was offered, I inquired if that
commission was ex parte and in secrct, with-
out General Paine's knowledge, and opposed
the resolution at the time, and moved its refer-
ence to the Committee on Military Affairs,
having understood that it was a secret transac-
tion that he knew nothing about, that misrep-
resented him. The resolution was referred.
At a subsequent period of the session, on the
18th of January, the matter was called up
again, on the motion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, and I then said:
"At tho timo the resolution was under considera-
tion before, I had not scon General Paine, and had
no information from him in regard to the report:
but my reason for makiapr tho motion was that 1
thought it unjust to an officer to publish a report
affecting his character, which I understood was ex
parte and made by a commission before whom ho
did not appear. Since then I have aeon General
Paino, and nad a conversation with him, andl learn
from him that tho report is of the character X had
supposod. I learned from him further, that he, after
hearing that a commission was procoeding to inquire
into lus conduot, before whioh no did not appear at
all, filed a reply or answer to their report, and also
that tho roport made by this commission was re-
viewed by tho Judge Advocate General, and he
informed mo that he had no sort of objootion to hav-
ing tho roport of the commission published, pro-
vided his answer to it and the review of the report
by tho Judge Advocate General should be publisned
also. I, for one, am willing, therefore, that the Sen-
ator's resolution should be passed if it should bo
amended so as to call forall tho papers. It will then
appear, as I am informed, that so far from General
Paino being the bloodthirsty and guilty man that
tho Senator from Kentucky has pronounced him
without a trial, ho has but done his duty."
I will state that the Globe does not show
that the Senator from Kentucky ever pressed
his resolution any further.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I had never heard,
until it was suggested by the Senator from Illi-
nois, that there had been any trial on a court-
martial of these charges that were so well
understood over the country against General
Paine. Now, as the Senator from Illinois says
that there was a trial, and that that trial had
relation to these charges, and that upon a full
trial General Paine was acquitted, of course I
do not wish to be understood as repeating a
charge that a man was tried upon and acquit-
ted, and do not. I had not heard that he had
been tried. That is news to me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He subsequently had a
trial.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I acquiesce in the
decision, of course.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My understanding is—I
have never seen the proceedings—that of all
the charges of the character of which the Sen-
ator speaks General Paine was acquitted ; but
he was convicted of some charge—I do not
remember what it was now—but it was nothing
affecting his integrity as a man. I do not re-
member the charge of which he was convicted.
Mr. JOHNSON. What was the sentence?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot now state what
it was.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Any charges that he
has been tried upon of course I do not wish to
renew-, and would not have it so understood.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the honorable Senator
from Illinois the name of the second commis-
sioner that examined the case of General Paine.
The first was John Mason Brown. Will the
honorable Senator give me the name of the
other colonel ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know.
Mr. DAVIS. I supposed that the resolu-
tion of Governor Powell would show.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have the resolution
here as it is reported in the Globe.
Mr. DAVIS. I will make one remark while
the honorable Senator is looking for the reso-
lution. The two officers who made this in-
quiry into the conduct of General Paine were
then colonels in the service, and both of them
extreme Union men. Colonel John Mason
Brown is still an extreme Union man and a
man of very fine intellect, of superior intelli-
gence and education, and one of the first men
of his age in the State of Kentucky. His com-
plaint and the complaint of the other colonel
was, that this court of inquiry that was after-
ward organized and passed upon the case of
General Paine sat without their being informed
of its sessions or being allowed an opportunity
to make good the charges which they preferred
against him in their report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I can give the resolution
now if the Senator wishes to hear it.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Here it is:
" Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed,
if not incompatible with the public interest, to trans-
mit to the Senate the report and evidence taken by a
a military commission, of which Brigadier General
Speed S. Fry was president, appointed to investigate
the conductof Brigadier General Paino, United States
Army, in and about Padueah, Kentucky."
Mr. DAVIS. Colonel Brown, since the court
of inquiry upon the case of General Paine has
delivered its sentence, publicly and openly
avers that the charges made in the report
against General Paine by himself and the col-
onel that was associated with him in the com-
mission were true, and that if allowed the op-
portunity, they could have proved them to be
true before any court of inquiry.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to remark, in
response to the suggestion made by the Sena-
tor from California, that I have no doubt myself
that a final vote can be taken on this bill to-
morrow at some time or other. We have now
been in session for more than twelve hours, and
this is certainly no time for proceeding with the
discussion. I wish to speak briefly on the sub-
ject, and I am satisfied that I shall not speak at
as great length to-morrow as I should to-night
if compelled to go on.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was about to say that I
have no doubt the vote can be taken to-mor-
row, and under that belief, and under the im-
pression that that will be satisfactory to the
majority of the Senate, I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the
question, and declared that the noes appeared
to have it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE called for the yeas and
nays ; and they were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think it probable, from
what I have been told by one or two Senators,
that I was not heard on the other side of the
Chamber. What I said, and what I repeat is,
that the vote can certainly be taken to-mor-
row, at least as soon as ten o'clock to-morrow
evening; and I do not think it is possihle to
take_ the vote to-night. If we take the vote
to-night we shall be unable to do any business
to-morrow of any kind.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
