626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
after going to the Senate it there received a
material modification, and when it came back
to the House we passed it at once as amended
by the Senate. By simply turning over one
leaf in the committee's report we find what the
article was as it passed both House and Senate.
We are told not only that this House is com-
mitted to the policy adopted by that commit-
tee, but that in the political campaign last fall
the constitutional amendment was declared to
be a final measure of reconstruction, and that
it was sent out to the States by Congress for
ratification as such final measure.
I have made this statement of the history of
this matter and of the position which the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction occupied. We have
no assurance that the committee would report
anything different from what they have already
reported to this House, and yet if I am not
mistaken this bill is now before the House on
a motion to recommit to the Committee on
Reconstruction. Sir, the House had better
consider before it makes that disposition of it.
We should rather retain it here before us,
where we can change, mature, and finally pass
it and send it to the Senate. The Thirty-Ninth
Congress has made no progress on the question
of reconstruction. This House will not pass
a bill in accordance with this portion of the
amendment. The Senate would pass no such
bill. The House and Senate both stand com-
mitted to an entirely different policy of recon-
struction from what is contained in that amend-
ment.
And how does it happen that we have made
no progress? It is not the fault of Congress;
it is not the fault of the members of either
branch of Congress. When Congress metin De-
cember, 1865, it found that the President of the
United States had been busy during the long
recess in building up State governments in every
one of the States that had been in rebellion.
I say States for convenience sake, though my
judgment is that not one of the ten insurgent
States has a government at this time with a sin-
gle element of loyalty in it, or an element that
constitutes a State. They saw fit to sever their
connection with the Federal Government; they
denied all allegiance to it, and fought for four
years at great sacrifice of life and expenditure
of money to maintain their separation, and it
is proper that the General Government should
take them at their word and say that they have
no State governments under the Constitution
of the United States until such time as their
true and proper relationship can be perma-
nently settled. I hold at the same time that
the territory which they inhabit belongs to the
Government of the United States, is within its
dominion and subject to its control.
The President of the United States told us
in his annual message of December, 1865, that
the work of reconstruction was all done; that
the insurgent States were restored and rein-
stated, and would send their members to Con-
gress ; and that Congress had only to pass upon
the questions of election and qualification of the
members from the several States. Thus was
Congress frustrated in its work. The President
by what I call an act of usurpation, had pre-
sumed to do all this work, and he has been
struggling ever since to force his policy upon
the country on the ground that he had the
power to do this work and it did not belong to
Congress. Had the Executive been in accord
with this Congress at the commencement of its
first session there would have been some prog-
ress in the work of reconstruction.
But, sir, how do we stand to-day? What is
the position of the Government? What is the
sentiment already expressed, crystallized into
the form of law? The constitutional amend-
ment when it is adopted becomes of binding
effect only upon States that have represent-
ation in Congress. It applies to States and
Slates only. Then look at our recent legisla-
tion. Only a few days ago loyal Nebraska and
Colorado came and asked to be received as
States into the Union. What was done in the
Senate ? A section was annexed by way of
amendment that impartial suffrage should be
the rule within each of those Territories when
they became States. When it came to the
House it was amended, the object being to
make it more secure, more certain, and more
valid; but the strong expression of this body
was that neither of those Territories could come
in as a State unless impartial suffrage were tol-
erated in each. That is the principle that was
promulgated in the Senate; that is the prin-
ciple that has been promulgated here ; and a
few days previous to taking that vote it was
voted in this House that impartial suffrage
should be the rule in every one of the Territo-
ries within the limits of the United States.
Well, sir, the insurgent States of which I
have been speaking are no better than Terri-
tories in their position. Are we to wait until
this amendment be ratified by them or made a
part of the Constitution by the States repre-
sented in Congress, and then make that the
direct basis of reconstruction? Shall South
Carolina, upon the terms that are required by
that amendment, come here and ask for admis-
sion as a State into this Union, and her Repre-
sentatives be allowed upon this floor? Shall
she be allowed to come here and act as if she
were a State while she excludes from suffrage
her colored population, which is equal to her
white population? Is she to be admitted to
representation simply upon conforming to the
terms of the amendment, exercising the right
herself to exclude colored suffrage? Would
this House dare to vote to admit her as a State
into this Union under such circumstances?
Would it not be an absurdity in our action that
would make this Congress a laughing stock in
the eye of the whole country if rebel South
Carolina should be placed upon a better or any
other footingthan loyal Colorado and Nebraska
is placed? Impartial suffrage is required of
each of those Territories as a condition-prece-
dent to their becoming States; and shall South
Carolina, upon this basis of reconstruction,
become a part of this Union upon different
terms and principles entirely from those im-
plied by the votes we have just given?
My own judgment is that neither this House
nor the Senate will ever support such a propo-
sition as that. Sir, this nation has advanced in
one year's time, and ^ill not now. I cannot
believe, sustain the position assumed by the
Committee on Reconstruction in the original
bill to which the one under consideration is a
substitute.
Suppose, Mr. Speaker, we carry out this idea
of making the constitutional amendment the
direct basis upon which reconstruction shall
depend; the States that were restored or re-
established under the policy of the President
went into the hands, as civil powers, of the very
men that Grant and Sherman disarmed in the
final struggle. While they were thus being
disarmed of their military power the President
of the United States was arming them with civil
power by his plan of restoration. Such was
the condition of every one of the States which
he had remodeled and in which he had estab-
lished governments, and such is their condition
to-day. Every one of them, so far as they had
any governmental action, was then manifesting
its hostility to the Government of the United
States. There was but one of the rebellions
States that was an exception to this rule, and
that State was not reorganized under his policy.
I refer to the State of Tennessee. That State
was reorganized and formed a State government
before he became President of the United
States. And, sir, where it is attempted to be
argued that Tennessee is a precedent for action
in these other cases the analogy fails. There
there was loyalty; there there was devotion to
the Government; although, let me say, I did
not vote for the readmission of Tennessee
because that State failed to acknowledge one
great principle that now, at this session of Con-
gress, is sustained by large majorities at both
ends of the Capitol, namely, impartial suffrage.
But the State was in the hands of loyal men; it
had exhibited its devotion to the Government
and its readiness to obey the laws; its Legislature
had ratified the amendment proposed to the
Constitution prohibiting slavery and the one
passed or proposed last session, and Congress
therefore readmitted Tennessee and received
her representatives.
But, sir, take this policy of reconstruction
based upon the adoption of this constitutional
amendment, and what then? South Carolina,
because there is no power to dictate to that
State a change in its constitution, comes here
with the same constitution tfiat it now has,
comes here with the same men in power that
are now in power and have been for a year
past, and with the same laws and despotic rules
that are now crushing down the loyal men of
that State ; and we must admit South Carolina
in her present condition! That is the position
that has been urged here and is alleged to have
been urged in various congressional districts
throughout the country. We will find our-
selves with our hands tied, and compelled to
foist and fasten upon the Government of this
country this State government of a moat odious
character; and this is only one of these State
governments of the same character; I have
mentioned it merely as an example. There
never was a committal of this branch of Con-
gress to any such position. I deny it emphat-
ically.
Mr. Speaker, Ispoke in the outset very briefly
of this bill. I have read it and reread it. I
confess that the second section of this bill was
objectionable to me. But the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] withdrew that sec-
tion, leaving it no part of the bill, when very
great objection was made to it by one or two
members. But after that was done the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Baker] went on to make
a very fierce onslaught upon the sixth section
of the bill, simply upon the ground that it pro-
posed to place these southern people in the
position of foreigners, and requiring them to
go through the process of naturalization before
they could again exercise the right of citizen-
ship. That was the ground the gentleman took.
Will he for a moment deny that we have the
right to exclude rebels and traitors from the
exercise of the elective franchise? And if we
have the power to keep them from the ballot-
box, may we not dictate the method by which
they may return to it? Is there any reason
why we may not, if we see fit, tell them that
after five years, if they go through the process
of naturalization, they may again vote? To my
mind there can be no possible objection to that
if we have the power to exclude them from the
ballot-box at all.
Sir, I will vote for the bill as it is, if need be,
although I would like to see it more thoroughly
matured. I will vote for some other bill, if I
have the chance, which comes up more nearly
to what I desire. I will vote for some bill or
other in order that there may be one step
taken in the process of reconstruction.
The loyal people of the South cry out in
earnest for us to do something for their relief.
And they have cause to do so. The govern-
ments which have been given to the rebellious
States by the President are all in the hands of
men who are full of cruelty. They love cruelty,
and indulge in it to-day as they have been in-
dulging in it for months. And it is the voice
of distress and suffering that comes up here to
us asking for protection atid relief; and it is
the duty of the Thirty-Ninth Congress to do
something in the process of reconstruction.
In regard to the amendment of the Consti-
tution proposed by Congress at its last session,
I looked upon it simply as a barrier over which
no State could step after it should once have
become a part of the Constitution. No one
denied the power of Congress to prescribe just
such terms as are to be found in that amend-
ment; and the object of proposing it for ratifi-
cation was that there might be imbedded in the
Constitution the principles therein contained,
so that no State legislation and no legislation
of Congress should be able to override them.
It was not to decide the question of our right
to say to a State, "Thus far shalt thou go,
and no farther;" that was not it. But it was
to have imbedded in the Constitution certain
