1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Eeps.
east and west, between the Platte and the Ar-
kansas, in which lie the two great railroads, and
over which passes the bulk of travel to the
mountain Territories. As long as these Indians
can hunt the buffalo and antelope within the
described limits we will have the depredations
of last summer, and, worse yet, the exaggera-
tions of danger raised by our own people, often
for a very base purpose. It is our duty, and it
shall be my study, to make the progress of con-
struction of the great Pacific railways that lay
in this belt of country as safe as possible, as
also to protect the stage and telegraph lines
against any hostile bands, but they are so long
that to guard them perfectly is an impossibility,
unless we can restrict the Indians as herein !
Btated. I beg you will submit this proposition
to the honorable Secretary of the Interior, that
we may know that we do not violate some one
of the solemn treaties made with these Indians,
who are very captious, and claim to the very
letter the execution on our part of those treaties,
the obligation of which they seem to compre-
hend perfectly.
In the department of Dakota I propose that
General Terry shall make the Missouri river as !
safe to boats as possible, and that he shall open
and protect the new route from Minnesota to
Montana, and afford the stages and wagons that
travel that long and exposed route all the assist- '
anee in his power. ]
In the department of the Platte I propose thajt
General Cooke shall continue to cover the '
building and engineering operations of the Pa-
cific railway that is under construction up the
Platte, and has accomplished two hundred and
seventy-five miles of road, substantially, this
year; that he shall next year complete the
wagon road from Fort Laramie to Virginia
City, which the Indians give notice they will
resist. They represent it as passing through
the only remaining hunting-grounds they have;
but this road is necessary to Montana, and must
be finished and made safe. It is on this road
that we have encountered most trouble this
year, and the Indians have killed Lieutenant
Daniels, eighteenth infantry, twenty-four sol-
diers, and about twenty citizens connected with
trains. All these deaths must be avenged next
year. By reason of the discharge of all volun-
teers, and the late period at which we were
provided a regular Army, we were too weak to
attempt it this year, and must do so the next.
In the department of the Missouri General
Hancock is charged with the protection of the
Smoky Hill and Arkansas routes, and of the
exposed settlements of Colorado and New
Mexico. This is a most difficult problem. He
will, of course, continue to give every assist-
ance to the construction of the Union Pacific
railway, now done to Fort Riley, and under
contract for two hundred and fifty miles be-
yond ; and he will do all that is possible to en-
courage and protect the settlements on the
tributaries of the Upper Arkansas and along
the eastern base of the Rocky mountains.
These are most important in a military sense,
and they hold out the promise of a country
that can now partially, and will soon be able
to feed the men and horses needed in that
hitherto desolate region at reasonable prices.
Denver is already an important city, and the
valleys of the Cache-la-Poudre, Thompson's
creek, Boulder, Fontaine-qui-bouille, Huerfano
and Purgatoire already present beautiful farms,
and will, with some assistance and protection,
foon be able to defend themselves as against
any band of Indians likely to threaten them.
But from all I can learn, New Mexico does
not hold out the same hopes. It has been set-
tled longer than Ohio, and yet remains poor
and exposed, with but a thin line of fields along
the banks of the Rio Grande, liable at all times
to be swept by the inroads of the nomad In-
dians that surround it. The whole Territory
seems a pastoral land, but not fit for cultiva-
tion. The mine3 undeveloped are supposed to
be very valuable, but as yet remain mostly in
a state of nature. We have held this Territory
since 1846, twenty years, at a cost to the na-
tional Treasury of full $100,000,000, and I
doubt if it will ever reimburse to the coun-
try a tithe of that sum. The entire popula-
tion may be assumed at a hundred thou-
sand, and the minimum force required there
will not fall much short of two thousand five
hundred men, which should be mostly of cav-
alry. Much of the very food consumed by men
and horses has to be hauled over a thousand
miles, at a cost of fifteen cents a pound, and
the cost of every man will average $1,000
a year. General Carleton, who commands
there, is thoroughly conversant with all its
history and interests, and seems alive to his
obligations to the General Government. With
the consent of the War Department he has col-
lected as prisoners of war the hostile Navajoes
and Apaches to the number of 8,793 men, wo-
men, and children, on a reservation forty miles
square, at the Bosque Redondo, (Fort Sum-
ner;) and General Haines, my chief commis-
sary, reports the cost of feeding them alone at
from $00,000 to $70,000 a month. This is
done on the supposition that it costs less to
feed than fight them.
In this connection I send herewith a most
full and complete report by General Carleton,
of date October 17, 18G6, called for by me
during my recent tour. I invite your special
attention to the papers indorsed by him, giv-
ing the abstract of the Indian scouts for the
years 1863 and 1864; and I infer these fights
have been much less frequent since he has col-
lected the hostile Indians on the reserve. You
will observe, also, that his calculation is that
the Indians will soon be self-supporting. I
hope so, for surely we cannot afford to feed
them at the present rate without asking a spe-
cial appropriation of Congress. I also here
subjoin the most valuable and comprehensive
report of General Pope on the same matters,
of date August 13, I860, and think that his
views are entitled to very great weight and
consideration. I think these Navajoes and
Apaches, the Cheyennes and Arapahoes, with
the Kiowas, could probably be got to reserva-
tions near the Cherokees and Choctaws; but
between them and the Utes and the Sioux
there is a traditional hereditary war that can-
not be reconciled in one generation. They
will not live together; and, indeed, while by
feeding the Indians we may keep some quiet,
others will be as hard to keep to their reserva-
tions as the wild buffaloes. After the next
year's experience I hope to be able to advise
some more specific measures than are embraced
herein.
In the department of Arkansas General J.J.
Reynolds has managed matters so quietly and
so skillfully that we have not had a particle of
trouble. In matters connected with the freed
negroes he was admirably seconded by the
commissioner, General Sprague, a most accom-
plished soldier and gentleman. I feel assured
that General Ord, who has recently succeeded
General Reynolds, will continue in that depart-
ment to maintain absolute peace, and that
plenty and prosperity will soon repay the labors
of the industrious inhabitants. The Indians to
the west of Arkansas are reported as more
nearly approaching civilization than any In-
dians ever did on this continent. It is worthy
an effort on our part to endeavor to spread
their influence, and to attract to the same
quarter all of the Plain Indians that can be
induced to remove there, and by contact and
example to learn to cultivate land and raise
cattle and horses, by which many of the Choc-
taws and Chickasaws, Cherokeea and Creeks
have become quite wealthy and respectable.
Inasmuch as I am compelled to leave on dis-
tant duty, from which I may not return in time
for the usual reports to Congress, I will call
on the department commanders for subordi-
nate reports, to be transmitted on receipt, and
to be supplementary to this; and to them I
must refer for more precise details of actual
events during the past year.
I am, with great respect, your obedient ser-
vant' W. T. SHERMAN,
Lieutenant General Commanding.
General John A. Rawlixs, Chief of Staff to
General Grant, Commanding Armies of the
United States, Washington, D. C.
Fort Union, New Mexico, August 11, 1866.
Dear General: I have just returned to this
place from an inspection of this Territory, as
far as I had the time to make it, and as far
as I think it was necessary, and I shall leave
here for Fort Leavenworth on the 15th instant.
In order that you may understand fully the
condition of affairs as it appears to me, and
the measures I have adopted to obviate or at
least prepare for anticipated troubles, I will
begin with my departure from Denver.
As I wrote you from that place on the 2d
of July, the condition and feeling of the Ute
Indians are unsatisfactory, not to say alarm-
ing. In addition to other causes of trouble,
the southern bands of these Indians are suf-
fering for food; many of them, indeed, are in
a starving condition. Venison has become
very scarce, and in the several attempts they
have made to supply their actual necessities
by hunting buffalo on the plains, tliey have
been beaten in fight by their hereditary ene-
mies, the Comanches, Kiowas, Cheyennes, and
Arapahoes, and driven back to the mountains.
The Indian department has refused to supply
them even with the scantiest food, and, as you
know, it is neither the business of the mili-
tary, nor, in fact, as matters stand, is it in their
power to supply these deficiencies. In this
state of things, the Utes are compelled either
to starve to death or supply their pressing
wants by depredating upon the herds and flocks
of the nearest settlements. These depreda-
tions, although trifling in the quantity oi stock
taken, occasion, of course, great dissatisfac-
tion and uneasiness among the settlers, and
have led to various violent acts which will very
soon culminate in open and extensive hostili-
ties, unless something is done to remedy this
deplorable condition of things.
The Indians are anxious to be at peace, as
they have always been, but they must kill a
few cattle and sheep now or then, or starve.
For such acts I cannot consider them at war,
nor authorize hostilities against them ; neither
can I prevent this small robbery they are com-
mitting, as I have no proper jurisdiction over
treaty Indians at peace. I can neither pay the
owners of stock thus appropriated, nor with-
hold compensation from the Indian annuities.
The only measures I have the power to adopt
consist in making such disposition of the force
at my command as will cover as effectually aa
such a small force can the settlements most
exposed to these Indians, and prevent the
probability of anything like general hostilities,
or a general devastation of the exposed Ute
frontier. _ ,
If you will examine the maps, you will find
south of the dividing ridge, between the Platte
and the Arkansas, a number of considerable
streams tributary to the latter river. Of these,
the most important are the " Fontaine qui
bouillir," the Upper Arkansas, the St. Charles,
the Huerfano, and the Purgatory. Between
Bent's old fort and the mountains the valleys
of these streams are pretty thickly populated,
for this region, and extensively cultivated.
The northern extremity of these settlements
is Colorado City, (a very small village,) at the
head of the "Fontaine," and the most south-
ern the little Mexican village of Trinidad, on
the Purgatory, at the base of the Raton peak.
The distance between these extreme points is
about one hundred and thirty miles. In order
to cover these settlements, as far as possible,
with the small force disposable, I have ordered
