1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
great principles which could not be overridden
by any State or by Congress.
One of the principles involved in thatamend-
ment was equality of representation. The
southern people had formerly held four million
slaves each five of whom were counted as three
white people in their representation, though the
slaves had no voice in the choice of the Repre-
sentatives based upon their numbers. When
those four million slaves came to be eman-
cipated then representation became based upon
the whole number instead of upon three fifths
only as before. That provision of the amend-
ment to the Constitution was for the purpose
of preventing the Government of the United
States from being overslaughed by the Repre-
sentatives of a class who were to have no voice
whatever in the election of those Representa-
tives.
Now, what demands have any one of those
ten States to make of this Government? What
demand has even Nebraska to make? and she
can make as many demands as North Caro-
lina, South Carolina, or Georgia. What de-
mands have either of them a right to make upon
the Government ? They have no legal State con-
stitutions; they are not acknowledged by us to
be States; they have had no Representatives
in this Hall since the session of 1860-61;
they are not held by Congress to occupy the
position of States. If one of them desires to
come into this Union as a State, is it not per-
fectly consistent for this Congress to do with
South Carolina or Georgia what it has done in
regard to Nebraska and Colorado? We have
the right to say to them: the colored citizen
born upon the soil must be allowed the right
of suffrage ; that this is one of the prerequi-
sites to the admission of their Representatives
upon this floor. Is there anything inconsistent
in that? If so, then we have already been in-
consistent in regard to Nebraska and Colorado.
Then, if I am right in that, the amendment to
,the Constitution proposed to the States for
ratification is not the final measure of recon-
struction.
And, sir, we should not wait the action of
the State Legislatures on the amendment pro-
posed to them before we adopt legislation here
to secure and protect, if possible, the loyal men
in those States; and if there is to be a reorgan-
ization, one to be acknowledged by Congress,
it should be a reorganization under the control
of loyal men and none others.
Mr. Speaker, the opposition of the minority
of this House has been consistent, steady, and
unceasing to every proposition involving the
interest and salvation of the Republic. James
Buchanan, occupying the presidential chair
when this rebellion commenced, said there was
no right of secession under the Constitution of
the United States, that no State had the right
to secede, but that he had no authority under
the Constitution to oppose or prevent it. Sup-
pose, sir, that a man being murdered, should
use no means to oppose the violence inflicted
upon him by the murderer except to say to his
assailant, " You have no moral, no religious,
no legal right to do what you are doing, but I
no right or authority to oppose you in
your attack upon me." Mr. Speaker, would
not this be an anomaly? Would anything in
the affairs of men long exist with the tendency
to so much mischief and evil manifest in all
aees? Creation would be useless, as destruc-
tion would immediately follow.
Sir, there would be as much sense in such a
proclamation by any man murderously assailed
as there was in the announcement made by the
President of this Republic when the southern
States were taking their measures of secession.
Sir, there k no Government that has not the
power withm it of self-preservation.
Mr. Speaker, the Opposition have been con-
stantly proclaiming the same idea—weakness of
the General Government, its inability to resist
violence. The changes have constantly been
rung upon the Constitution; every step we
have taken has been declared to be in violation
of the Constitution of the United States. It
surprises me that with the Constitution so sadly
broken and torn by the majority here the gen-
tlemen composing the minority can find enough
of it left to warrant their coming here and
taking part in legislation.
This cry of invasion of the Constitution is
the final resort in every argument. We are
constantly told that we are unconstitutionally
infringing upon the rights of the States, trying
to blot out and obliterate State lines. Mr.
Speaker, I am not forgetful of the fact that
our Government is complex in form, that while
we have a national Government we have State
sovereignties within and under that Govern-
ment. And I am not unmindful of another
fact: that the States in their separate capaci-
ties and the nation as a whole are completely
and admirably represented in the legislative
branch of this Government. The Senators at
the other end of this Capitol are the proper
and legitimate representatives of the States,
while the members of this House are the Rep-
resentatives of the people at large. I am not
unmindful of another fact: that the people in
order to form a more perfect Union did ordain
and establish the Constitution of the United
State#.
Sir, until I see some flagrant outrage com-
mitted by the Senate upon the rights of the
States I shall feel it my duty to leave the
guardianship of the States to them and confine
myself to my legitimate business as a Repre-
sentative of the people. I shall not, however,
while so acting forget that there are States in
this Union. When I hear so much said at
this end of the Capitol about violating the
Constitution and infringing the rights of the
States, I think it is like the last resortof kings ;
they have no other argument, and they think
this is very fine to dwell upon. Our Constitu-
tion, I think, has been well preserved, not only
by loyal Representatives in this Hall, but by the
loyal men who went to the field and fought
our battles and crushed the rebellion.
Mr. Speaker, I have digressed somewhat
from the bill before the House, but I think
that the question upon which I have dwelt had
reference more or less to it. I think that %
proper self-respect on the part of Congress, as
well as a regard to the welfare and safety of
the nation, requires that before this session
expires we shall adopt some measure which
will enable the loyal men of the southern
States to reorganize government and have
some protection for themselves.
I had proposed to yield the remainder of my
time to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shel-
labaiiger,] but I see that he is not now
present.
paintings fob the hall.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read and referred to the Committee on the
Library:
Resolved, That the 'Committee on the Library bo
authorized to contract with Albert Bierstadt for two
paintings, thoroughly American in character, repre-
senting some prominent feature of the scenery or
important event in the discovery or history of Amer-
ica, to fill two unoccupied panels of the Chamber of
the House of Representatives.
relje1? op poor in the district—again.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to submit for
adoption the joint resolution offered by me
twice before providing for the relief of the
poor in the District of Columbia.
Mr. RADFORD. I do not object provided
the understanding is that it is to include the
Mayor of Washington as well as General How-
ard, and is not to be amended.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I agree to that.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object if the res-
olution is to be introduced with the under-
standing that it is notto be open to amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the next time the
gentleman introduces the joint resolution he
will modify its language so as to say " in such
sums and commodities."
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope the gentleman
from New York will withdraw his objection.
Mr. RADFORD. I understand what the
; design is, to get the joint resolution before the
House and then to amend it as they please,
and therefore I must object to the introduc-
tion of the resolution unless it be with the
understanding that the name of the mayor of
Washington shall not be stricken out.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. And I object to
the resolution coming in with any understand-
ing that it is not to be open to amendment.
hull and cozzens, and a. 0. naylok.
Mr. HOGAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on tbeTerriiories be
requested to inquire what sum or sums of money arc
due to Hull A L'o-/,zens, and A. O. Naylor, of Si. Louis,
Missouri, for work done and materials famished for
building the State House for Nebraska Territory,
and to report by bill or otherwise.
And then, in compliance with the order of
the House, (at a quarter to five o'clock p. m.,)
a recess was taken till half past seven o'clock
p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House resumed its session at half past
seven o'clock p. m., Mr. Van Horn, of New
York, acting as Speaker pro tempore.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man frem Ohio [Mr, Ashley] is entitled to the
floor, but as he is not present the Chair will
assign the floor to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Tbimele.]
tax on distilled spirits.
Mr. McKEE. My colleague [Mr. Trimble}
yields to me to ask leave to have printed as
part of the proceedings some remarks I have
prepared on the revenue law in relation to dis-
tilled spirits.
No objection was made, and leave was ac-
cordingly granted. [The remarks will appear
in the Appendix.]
reconstruction.
Mr. TRIMBLE addressed the House upon
the subject of restoring to the States lately in
insurrection their full political rights. [His
remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. DODGE. Mr. Speaker, it was my pur-
pose to have prepared some remarks to sub-
mit to the House in the morning, but I under-
stand the debate is to close this evening, and
I shall have no,opportunity in the morning.
I therefore embrace the present moment to
give some reasons why it will be impossible for
me to vote for the bill or the amendment. But
I trust in the remarks I am about to make I
shall not be accused of being a renegade to
party; that I shall not bo accused of going
with those who are considered as enemies of
the best interests of the country, for I claim to
be as loyal as any other man.
Mr. RADFORD. To whom does the gen-
tleman refer as enemies of the country ? Does
he mean gentlemen on this side of the House?
Mr. DODGE. Not at all; and I am glad to
be interrupted to make the disclaimer.
I differ, Mr. Speaker, entirely with this side
of the House in assuming as they do that the
States lately in rebellion are out of the Union.
I am not a constitutional lawyer, and not pre-
pared to argue the question in a constitutional
way. Looking at it in a common-sense way I
think we have already recognized these States
as States in the Union by submitting to them
the constitutional amendment for the abolish-
ment of slavery.
I assume, sir, it was impossible for them to
have constitutionally ratified that amendment
without being States in the Union. It wag be-
cause they were States that it was submitted
to them. At the last session we recognized,
although they had in a certain sense lost their
relations to the Government, that they_ were
still States in the Union. In a discussion in
this House in 1862 on the admission of West
Virginia, this whole subject was very fully con-
sidered, and I quote from the remarks of
Speaker Colfax :
" Two things are required by the Constitution of the
United States for the admission of this new btate;
first, tho assent of the legislature of the State out of
