1867.
THE OONGrEESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
1891
tion to adjourn is not debatable. The Chair
should have interrupted 
Mr. CONNESS. It is as debatable to me as
it is to the Senator from Maryland.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is so.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well, sir.
The PBESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
again repeats that the motion to adjourn is not
debatable.
Mr. CONNESS. I am quite aware of that,
sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator will re-
new the motion, I will withdraw it for the pur-
pose of allowing him to speak.
Mr. CONNESS. I thank the Senator.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maryland made the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. CONNESS. I only claim equal rights
here, which are not always accorded by the
Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion to adjourn was made by the Senator from
Maryland, as the Chair understood. Is the
motion to adjourn withdrawn by him?
Mr. JOHNSON. I withdraw it if the gen-
tleman wishes to speak.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion to adjourn is withdrawn. The Senator
from California.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire simply to say to
the Senator from Maryland that his opinion
that a vote can be had to-morrow evening at
ten o'clock is not an agreement that the vote
shall be taken at that time. If the Senate will
enter into such an understanding, then for my
part I shall vote to adjourn at this time; but
if we cannot come to such an understanding I
think we had better go on considering the bill.
That is all I have to say.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to suggest to
the Senator from Maryland, also, that I do not
think any agreement can be made that could
bind the Senators present. It would be a con-
venience to them to conform to the agreement
possibly, possibly not. There are several Sen-
ators who desire still to discuss this measure.
The extent to which they desire to discuss it I
am not well informed of; but I am aware that
other Senators beyond myself will occupy some
seven or eight hours, as near as I am informed.
Mr. GRIMES. IIow many do you intend
to occupy?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Ofmyselfl will say noth-
ing. I shall only speak as long as I think I can
say things of some advice or good sense ; but
I will not limit my discourse, for it is a great
question, and if I am possessed of all that
should be said of and about this question it
might take me—indeed it might deserve taking
the discourse of a whole week. [Laughter.]
I do not claim to be equal to that effort, be-
cause I have not had the opportunity within
twenty-four hours to bring together the mate-
rial necessary to exhibit my views carefully
upon this subject. I do not, therefore, expect
myself to speak at any very great length; but
yet if upon careful consideration I should
choose to do so, or if possessing the recollec-
tions of past times and memories and reasons
and considerations that yet lay in my hidden
memories I shall choose to talk for a longer
period, I shall claim the right to do so. I do
not choose to be chained down to a particular
period when I rise in the Senate of the United
States to discuss any question. I think myself
that we can close the argument to-morrow
evening. That is my opinion. I have ex-
Eressed it before. At the same time I do not
elieve in these contracts about the limitations
of debate. There is no previous question in
the Senate, and this thing of introducing one
by contract between Senators is a thing to
which I am utterly hostile.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope not.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being
on a division—ayes 11, noes 21.
Mr. DAVIS. It is my purpose to make a
speech upon this important bill, and I desire
to make as short a one as I possibly can. I
have no disposition to consume unnecessarily
any time in the discussion of this measure, or
to postpone the action of the Senate upon it.
I think myself we might as well adjourn now.
I do not .believe that there will be any difficulty
in reaching the vote some time to-morrownight,
at least I shall not speak with a view to pro-
duce any such delay. I am anxious to give
my views on this subject. I do not feel able
to give them at this late hour of the night.
Still, I believe I could hang on for three or
four hours if I was disposed to do so, [laughter;]
but I believe that to-morrow I should not
occupy more than at the farthest two hours of
the time of the Senate. Without making any
contract with anybody but myself, I would be
willing to restrict myself to that time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think there has been
an impression on the part of the majority side
of the Chamber, that there was a purpose to
delay the passage of this bill by something
beyond such debate as we thought was right
and proper. I can assure Senators there is no
purpose of the kind. It has not been men-
tioned to me by any Senator on this side; and
so far as I am concerned, I have no such pur-
pose. I never dreamed of such a thing.
Mr. CONNESS. I was under the impres-
sion that the Senator tried to adjourn us when
we met to-night, and even on his own motion
refused to vote.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly I did.
Mr. CONNESS. So that we should have
less than a quorum.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly, I should have
been glad to adjourn to-night. I stated to the
Senate before we met this evening that I did
not want to speak to-night, that I was not well.
That is the whole of that. There is no pur-
pose, as far as I am concerned, to delay the
vote on this bill beyond the consideration that
the bill ought to receive.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think it is now so near
morning that it-is hardly worth while to ad-
journ. We might as well proceed with this
bill at this time as any other. The mere ex-
pression of an opinion that this debate may
close some time to-morrow night amounts to
very little. It is the expression of the indi-
vidual who makes it and goes no further and
binds nobody. I think we might as well pro-
ceed with the bill to-night as at any other
time.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, what is the
question before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Henderson] to the amendment
of the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson.]
Mr. WADE. Well, let us have the ques-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS, (at half past twelve o'clock.)
I move that the Senate do now adjourn, and
on that motion, I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 8, nays 26 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Doolittle, Hen-
dricks, Johnson, Saulsbury, Sprague, and Trum-
bull—S.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Con-
ness, Cragin, Creswell, Foster, Frelinghuysen, Hen-
derson, Howard, Kirkwood, Lane. McDougall, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Stew-
art, Sumner, Wade, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and
Y ates—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cowan, Dixon, Ed-
munds, Fessenden, Fogg, Fowler, Grimes. Guthrie,
Harris, Howe, Nesmith, Norton, Nye, Patterson,
Riddle, Sherman, and Van Winkle—18.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I am against both the amend-
ment and the amendment to the amendment.
I am against both, separately and collectively,
and I could not be induced to give a vote that
would amount or would seem to amount to a
concession of either of them. I object to the
amendment to the amendment, especially upon
this ground: it concedes contingently for an
indefinite time all the principles of the amend-
ment. The Senator from Pennsylvania ex-
pressed so well and so forcibly the reasons
why he could not give sanction to the. princi-
ples involved in the amendment, and they ac-
cord so well with my own ground of opposi-
tion to the amendment, that I do not deem it
necessary to repeat them. I merely rose to
state the point upon which I- should vote
against the amendment to the amendment,
without attempting to make any argument
upon it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I guess we had better
adjourn, and I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask for the reading
of the amendment to the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, which was in line nine, after the
words "United States" to insert "of whatever
color, race or condition," and in the same line,
after the word "upward" to strike out the
words " who have resided one year in said
State, with regard to race, color, or previous
condition of servitude, except such as may be
disfranchised for participating in the late rebel-
lion, or for felony at common law," and to
insert, "who may have been residents of the
State for twelve months previous to the election,
except such as may be disqualified on account
of rebellion, felony at the common law, idiocy,
or insanity;" so that the amendment would
read:
That when the constitutional amendment pro-
posed as article fourteen by the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, shall have become a part of the Constitution
of the United States, and when any one of the late
so-called confederate States shall have given its as-
sent to the same, and conformed its constitution and
laws thereto in all respects, and when it shall h-,ve
provided by its constitution that the elective fran-
chise shall be enjoyed by all male citizens of the
United States, of whatever color, race, or condition,
twenty-one years old and upward, who may have
been residents of the State tor twelve months pre-
vious to the election, except such as may be dis-
qualified on account of rebellion, felony at the
common law, idiocy, or insanity ; and when sail
constitution shall have been submitted to the voters
of said State, as thus defined for ratification or rejec-
tion, and when the constitution, if ratified by the
vote of the people of said State, shall have been
submitted to Congress for examination and approval,
said State shall, if its constitution be approved by
Congress, be declared entitled to representation in
Congress, and Senators and Representatives shall be
admitted therefrom ou their taking the oath pre-
scribed by law, and then and thereafter the preceding
sections of this bill shall be inoperative in said
State.
The question being put on the amendment
to the amendment, there were, on a division—
ayes, seven.
Mr. CHANDLER. Give it up.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will not give it up.
I desire to state now, before this vote is taken,
to Senators that if the amendment is adopted
as it now stands, if there is any intention of
adopting it—I do not know what the feeling
of the Senate may be on that subject—it will
not secure the suffrage to the negroes in the
South, and the amendment to it that I propose
will secure the suffrage unless they be idiots,
insane, or shall have been convicted of crime,
treason, or rebellion. The proposition as
offered by the Senator from Maryland, in my
judgment, leaves it in the discretion of a State
Legislature in the South to exclude the ne-
groes for any other cause than race or color,
For instance, if it be adopted, the State Legis-
latures may declare that no person unless ho
can read or write, or unless ho has a higher
degree of education than that, shall be entitled
to vote. If Senators desire that done, I have
nothing to say.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the amendment
of the Senator from Missouri to the amend-
ment is a decided improvement, and whether
the amendment, as amended, shall be adopted
or not, it cannot hurt it to adopt the amend'
ment of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. WILLIAMS. So far as I am concerned,
I expect to vote ^against this amendment in any
form. I am quite indifferent as to whether
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Missouri is adopted or not; but my opinion
