THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
would be that it makes the amendment more
explicit, and it is more easily understood with
his amendment than in its present shape.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the vote may be
agaia taken on the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The vote
has not yet b een declared. Q nly one side has
been counted,' The Chair will put the question
again.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I propose to
amend the amendment by inserting after the
word "constitution," in the seventh line, the
words, "to be framed by a convention of del-
egates elected by the persons who may vote
upon the ratification or rejection of the consti-
tution as herein provided;" so that the clause
will read:
_ And when it shall bavc provided by ita constitu-
tion, to bo framed by a convention of delegates
elected by the persons who may vote upon the ratifi-
cation or rejection of the constitution as hereinafter
provided, tnafc the elective franchise shall be enjoyed
by all male citizens of theTJnited States, &c.
The effect of the amendment as it now stands
is, that the people only have the privilege of
accepting or negativing what is submitted to
them. 1 his amendment requires that electors,
having the same qualifications as provided in
the act, shall elect delegates to a convention
to frame the constitution.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the
amendment in the fourth line by inserting after
the word "when" the words " the people of;"
so that it will read:
That when the constitutional amendment proposed
as article fonrtoen by the Thirty-Ninth Constressshall
have becomo apart of thoConstit^ion of the United
States, and whon tho people of any ono of the late
so-oalled confederate States shall have given its
assent to the same, &c.
As the amendment now stands it reads,
when any of the late confederate States shall
do so-and-so. If amended as 1 propose it
will read, when the people of any one of those
States do so-and-so,
Mr. JOHNSON. How are they to do it?
Mr. MORRILL. ISya convention, and that
is provided for in the amendment of the Sen-
ator from New Jersey. That relievos it from
the implication that we authorize these States
to do this. I propose to have it done by the
people, and not by the States.
Mr, JOHNSON. I rather think the honor-
able member is mistaken. The provision to
which he refers relates to the adoption of the
constitutional amendment as it is now pend-
ing before the States, that is submitted to
tho Legislatures of the States. How are the
pcople_ of the States to act on that subject?
There is no provision for calling a convention
for that purpose; that relates to the constitu-
tion which they are to form for the State itself
afterward.
Mr. MORIIILL. The Senator from New
Jersey has just provided for it in the amend-
ment he has made.
Mr. JOHNSON. No; he has not.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think that this is right.
Mr. JOHNSON. It cannot be done. It
must be submitted to the Legislatures of the
several States. •
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The amend-
ment suggested by the Senator from Maine
contemplates further to strike out the words
"shall have given its assent to the same," and
the insertion of the words "when the people
shall have formed a constitution and laws."
Mr. POMEROY. I think there is an amend-
ment needed there by inserting after the word
"States" the words "when the people of any
one of the so-called confederate States in ac-
cordance with an act of Congress^" or "in
accordance with law," shall have given its as-
sent to the same. There is no way in which
the people can give their assent unless in har-
mony with some law. This bill does not pro-
vide for it, nor the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know that I have
made myself understood. The Constitution
can be amended only in one of two ways. The
proposition may come either from Congress
itself or from the States. When it comes from
Congress, as in this ease, the amendment is to
be submitted to and to be passed upon by the
Legislatures of the States. You cannot send
it to the people except so far as they are rep-
resented by the Legislature. If I understand
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Maine, it is that when the constitutional amend-
ment which Congress has submitted, shall have
been adopted by the people of the States certain
results shall follow. We have no right to sub-
mit it to the people of the States.
Mr. MORRILL. Allow me to state my own
proposition. It is this: to insert after the
word "when," in line four, the words "the
people of;" then to strike out after the word
"shall," in the fifth line, the words "have
given ita consent to the same and," so as to
read, '1 and when the people of any one of the
late so-called confederate States shall form a
constitution," <fec.
Mr. POMEROY. Why not insert "in ac-
cordance with the provisions of an act of Con-
gress," or "in accordance with law?"
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I wish to call the
attention of the Senator from Maine to the fact
that by words in the thirteenth line, the Consti-
tution is to be submitted to the voters of the
State. However it is made, that will make it
the act of the people of the State.
Mr. MORRILL. That is not inconsistent
with my proposition.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. It renders it unneces-'
sary.
Mr. MORRILL. The people are to form a
constitution by the election of delegates, as is
provided for by tho amendment of the honor-
able Senator from New Jersey ; and my point
is to allow the people to form such a con-
stitution by delegates, making the people the
agents, iustead of employing.tho confederate
States for agents, thereby recognizing them.
That is my objection. I do not think we ought
to recognize the confederate States as valid
agents. We cannot do it from our ground,
and beside I do not think we ought to use
them as agents for that purpose, but should
address ourselves directly to the people.
Mr. SUMNER. There is another amendment
that ought to comc in in that same connection,
though I feel that this whole proposition is so
thoroughly vicious in every line and in every
word from the lirst to the last that in order to
make it at all so as to receive, it seems to me,
a single vote, it ought to be amended .from the
first word to the last. But the proposition of
the Senator from Maine is obviously correct.
No person can hesitate, of course, to carry out
the idea of tho Senator from Maine. I do not
think even the Senator from Nevada, as earn-
est and eloquent as he was for this very curious
proposition, is disposed to recognize the legiti-
macy and the validity of these governments in
these States at this moment; and yet this prop-
osition pivots on that idea. Without that recog-
nition this proposition is nothing. Tho Senator
from Maine, therefore, is perfectly right when
he proposes to introduce the words "the peo-
ple of;" so that it will read :
When the people of any of the late so-called con-
federate States shall have given its assent to the
same.
No one certainly, not even the Senatorfrom
Nevada, ardent as ho is for this anomaly, this
absolutely anomalous proposition, will admit
the validity of these sham governments.
_ Therefore, I say the Senator from Maine is
right; but the Senator does not go far enough.
You have got to introduce still other words,
which _ I propose at the proper time to move,
declaring that they shall give their consent by
a valid Legislature. Suppose the present Legis-
lature, so called, of South Carolina gives its
consent to the constitutional amendment, will
the Senator from Nevada attribute to that the
least value? Would it be worth the paper on
which it might be written? Suppose tho so-
called Legislature in Louisiana at this moment
—it has been called bogus to-day; I hardly
like to use the term, and yet perhaps it ex-
presses the idea as well asanything else—gives
its consent to the constitutional amendment, of
what value is it? Suppose the assembly called
a Legislature in Georgia chooses to give its
assent, of what value is it "? Does the Senator
recognize those bodies as invested with legis-
lative authQrity capable of representing those
States in the adoption of a constitutional
amendment and entering in that way into this
freat copartnership? Certainly he cannot,
[e must require that any adoption of the con-
stitutional amendment shall be by a valid
Legislature, not by a humbug.
This whole proposition from beginning to
the end, from the first line to the last, is ob-
noxious just to that criticism. I propose if it
is pressed to go through with it and take it up
line by line and move the proper amendments
to it.
Mr. STEWART. As I am referred to in
such explicit terms and as this proposition is
swept away as so ridiculous 
Mr. SUMNER. I did not say it was ridicu-
lous ; I said it was anomalous.
Mr. STEWART. So anomalous, so vicious,
and bogus-
Mr. SUMNER. No, I did not say this was
"bogus;" I said the Legislatures down there
were bogus.
Mr. STEWART. Since all these remarks
have been made, I wish to call the attention
of the Senate to the fact that the main bill
which the Senator from Massachusetts was so
eager to eulogize, upon which he could not
pass a sufficient eulogy, which he could not
wait to have called up in its regular order
before he eulogized, recognizes these same
local governments in so many words, and rec-
ognizes them for a higher purpose than the pur-
pose of sanctioning the constitutional amend-
ment, because wo all hold that that may be
ratified by the loyally represented States with-
out them, and the only object of having them
recognize it is to show their loyalty to this Gov-
ernment. I hold that the States here repre-
sented in the Government have the power to
adopt constitutional amendments; and calling
upon the other States to sanction them is only
formal as a mark of loyalty; but in this bill
you say your military chieftain that you send
there shall allow the local governments to ex-
ecute the local laws.
Mr. SUMNER. Be good enough to read
the preamble to the bill, please.
Mr. STEWART. I propose to read some
portion of the bill. It does, I say, for a higher
purpose than the sanctioning of the constitu-
tional amendment, for the purpose of life
and death, recognize the laws of these very
" bogus" States. In this amendment, which I
regard as essential, proper, and just, they are
called upon to do an incidental thing; and
for that reason it is suggested that the Sena-
tor from Nevada might recognize them for
that purpose, while the Senator from Massa-
chusetts rccognizes them for the purpose of
executing all the local laws and carrying on
the machinery of government by this bill, by
the aid of the military. It is said that I would
not recognize them for this purpose. I say
simply that when they have complied with all
the conditions we prescribe—and this is one
which we ask of them as a manifestation of
loyalty—after they shall have ratified the con-
stitutional amendment, after they shall have
framed a loyal constitution, and the proposi-
tion as now amended requires it to be framed by
delegates elected on the principle of manhood
suffrage—after they shall have done all this,
after they shall have established manhood suf-
frage by means of a constitution, and after
that constitution shall have been submitted to
the people on the principle of manhood suf-
frage and ratified by them, after their action
shall have been submitted to Congress and
approved by Congress, wepropose to recognize
them as valid States. Then, I say, they will
be no longer "bogus" goveonments. The
