CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
which it is to be formed; and secondly, the&ssent of
Congress. The decision then turns to.a'great extent
upon tho question whether tho Governor now acting
a&thc Goveriior of Virginia, and residing at Wheel-
ing, and the Legislature to which he communicates
nis messages, arc reaily the .Gcovernorand Legislature
of ibo loyal people of Virginia. I think they are, and
that the history of events in Virginia will prove that
fact." *'•&** * * * *
* M The next question is,'has this loyal Legislature
been recognized ? There are facts enough in the ac-
tion of the various branches of this Government to
prove to us that th~ey'liaV<2, one and all, fully and in
various ways recognised this as the only true and
righttul government of Virginia. Allow me to pre-
sent a i&w of them:
" First. The Senate of the United States has recog-
.Bis&d this Legislature as the Legislature of the State
M\Vir£inia, and admitted two Senators elected by
tji'at feody to fill vacancies caused by treason as the
rightfully chosen Senators of Virginia. That was done
unanimously by thatbody.n * * *
1 say, then, "that not only the two legislative
branches of the Government, but that tho President
of the United States and the various members of the
Cabinet have, without dissent and without protest,
a§ far as I have heard, by any one up to this day,
recognized Governor Feirpoint and the Wheeling
Legislature as the rightful authority in Virginia,
and it therefore seems to be asettled and concludcd
question; and the consent of this Legislature to the
division of the State is sufficient to bring it within
tbe purview of the Constitution."
- Jt appears to me that the State of Virginia
was recognized then as a State, and the gov-
ernment under Governor Peirpoint was re-
garded as the constitutional government,' com-
petent to give its assent to the division of a
portion of its territory and have it formed into
a new State.
Then, again, we have treated them as States
by sending to them the various amendments to
the Constitution that passed this House at its
last session. I am sure that a majority of the
members of this House at least fully expected
that these amendments would be sent to the
Legislatures of the southern States for ratifica-
tion. If they had seen fit to have ratified them—
had it not been for the influences that were
thrown around them in high Quarters; had it
not been for the Philadelphia convention and
all the influences that emanated from that; had
it not been the expectation on the part of the
South that there would be another party in the
country which would sustain the policy of the
President; had they not been flattered and
made to believe that if they refused to ratify
the amendments they would yet be admitted
to representation in Congress—I verily believe
that a sufficient number of the southern States
would have ratified" the amendments to have
made them, with the help of the northern
States, a part of the organic law of the country.
I regret that these amendments could not
have been ratified. I believe'they were wisely
designed to promote that peace and harmony
which are necessary for the best interest of this
entire country. They do not attempt to inter-
fere with the constitutional rights of the States
in regard to suffrage, but they do make a proper
arrangement for the changed condition of things
resulting from the emancipation of slaves and
the. destruction of slavery. They declare that i
if any portion of the people recently made free
by the constitutional amendment and thus be-
come citizens of the United States are deprived
of the right of suffrage they shall not count in
the basis of representation. We all know from
the past history of the South that their desire
has ever been to secure their full amount of
political influence in the country, and that
desire would have led them ere long to have
passed such laws as .would hate eventually
enfranchised the negro race. They have not
seen fit to do it. These amendments were sent
forth to the country as the result of six "long
months of careful deliberation on the part of
the joint Committee on Reconstruction.
The loyal portion of the country—I beg par-
don of my colleague, [Mr.* Radford ;] 1 will
amend by saying the radical portion of the
country, which, I presume, will satisfy him—
the radical or Union portion of the people were
almost universally satisfied with the report of
the committee of fifteen, resulting in the pas-
sage of the joint resolution amending the Con-
stitution. I believe, Mr. Speaker, that if these
resolutions had been adopted, had been ratified
by the States, and become a part of the organic
law of the land, there would lave been univer-
sal satisfaction throughout the country. When
it was found that they were not likely, at pres-
ent at least, to be adopted by the southern
States, then the country looked anxiously to
the deliberations of this House to what we
would propose next. The country is anxiously
looking at us now as the focal point from which
is to emanate something that shall give peace,
harmony, and prosperity to the country, and
perpetuity to the Government. And now, when
the session is half over, we are about to present
to the country the, bill of the honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, or the substitute
offered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mi. Ash-
ley.]
I have very carefully read these two bills or
the bill and the proposed amendment, and I
fail to find in either the original bill or in the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio any-
thing that to my mind promises peace, union,
and happiness as the result of its passage. I
hold that it is of the very first importance that
at the earliest possible day there should be a
reconciliation—let me use that term—between
the North and South j that there shouM be a
permanent reconciliation; that as'far as possi-
ble, considering the nature of man, we should
forget and forgive the past so far as it is right
and proper. And in passing laws here having
that in view, we should be careful not to pass
those that, from the very nature of man, must
be calculated to irritate and perpetuate the
very difficulties that now tend to separate us.
I hope, Mr. Speaker, that in the very desul-
tory remarks I am making I shall not be
understood as having no sympathy with the
loyal men of the South who have been and still
are suffering under the continued rule of the
majority there, or as having no sympathy with
the emancipated colored man, or as having no
feeling for those who are being shot down,
imprisoned, whipped, and deprived of their
rights under the law. I feel as much sympathy
for them as any gentleman on this floor. And
yet I cannot divest myself of the feeling that to
a certain extent just such a state of things was
naturally to be expected from so sudden a
change in the civil and social relations which
have existed in the South for the last hundred
years. It was hardly to be expected—it would
have been a miracle if it had been so—that
immediately upon this sudden and almost in-
stantaneous severing of the relations which had
existed between master and slave there should
have been nothing to irritate; that there should
have been no men of such unnatural feelings
as would lead them to refuse to do justice to
the emancipated negroes. We must all know
that there are men North as well as South who
are hard-hearted, unfeeling—men that seem to
have no sense of right or justice.
But, sir, I do not say this as an apology for
the wrongs done to the freedmen or for the
cruel manner in which they have been and
still are treated, in defiance of the civil rights
bill, which we passed last year, and in despite
of the provisions of the Freedmen's Bureau
bill, which were all calculated to shield the
freedman from the dangers which surround
him. I make no apology for the wrongs-done
to them. I sympathize with the colored man
as much as any gentleman upon this floor ; but
at the same time I cannot divest myself of the
feeling that it was reasonable for us to expect
for a certain length of time that there might
be irritation and difficulty in administering the
laws. What is wanted is something that will
secure quiet and better feeling between the
North and the South, and at the same time
better feeling between southern men and the
freedmen. And we want this because the
southern country is part of our own. We
fought for four long years that we might con-
tinue one undivided people, and if these south-
ern States are still to be kept year after year
in this state of disquietude we at the North,
sympathizing with them in our social and busi-
ness relations, must to a certain extent suffer
with them. We want to devise some plan,
equitable, just, and reasonable, that shall, if
possible, bring about a state of peace, union,
and harmony between the North and the South.
I cannot see, Mr. Speaker, that either in the
bill or the amendment there is anything cal-
culated to bring about such a result. Jn the
constitutional amendment we made a proper
provision for the punishment, if I may. use- that
expression, of the prominent men who were
engaged in the-rebellion. We disfranehished
them for a certain length of time of the right
to hold office under the Government.
The bill proposed here, with the amendment,
provides that- every man who was twenty-one
years of age in 1861, and who has engaged in
any way or held office under the so-called con-
federate government, or who has taken an oath
to support that government—which, if I un-
derstand it, includes all the private soldiers in
the confederate army—shall be disfranchised.
They are to be deprived of all civil rights and
to be placed in the position of aliens. They
can only acquire the rights of citizenship as
foreigners acquire them; by giving notice of
their intention they become citizens in five
years; by taking an oath, under the most
fearful penalties, that from March, 1864, until
the close of the war, they would have been
ready, if opportunity had offered, to have done
anything to have brought the war to a close ;
that they had no sympathy with the war after
that time, and that they would, if opportunity
had presented itself, have accepted the amnesty
offered by President Lincoln-and left the con-
federate government. How large a proportion
of the southern people could come forward and
honesfly take that oath? Thef result of the
passage of this bill, if it shall become opera-
tive, will be to disfranchise nearly the entire
white population of the southern States, and at
the same time enfranchise the colored peoole
and give them the virtual control in the proposed
organization of the new State governments.
I submit as a dictate of common sense, taking
mankind as we find them, as we know they are,
is it natural to suppose that the passage of such
a law as this will be calculated to promote
increased friendly relations between the North
and South, to create a better feeling between
the white and the colored population? I assume
that that should be the object of tba laws which
we pass, as well as to protect in all their civil
rights the loyal white man and the freedman.
I can see nothing either in the orginal bill or
in the proposed substitute which is calculated
to increase or create any good feeling between
the North and South. It is not natural that
they should love us while we are putting them
under such a ban. Under this bill, if they
shall ever be formed into States, all the men
who have ever held office under the confederate
government are to be entirely disfranchised.
Mr. Speaker, if we had gone before our
State at the last election and had proposed as
a plan for reconstruction and settling the dif-
ficulties existing between the North and South
the plan contained in this bill and the amend-
ment. I have no hesitation in saying we would
have lost' the State of New York. I do not
know what was the course pursued in other
States, but when we went into the canvas®in
the State of New York we took our stand upon
the amendment to the Constitution and as-
sumed that we intended to hold the South
where they were until they should see fit to
ratify that amendment.
Mr. RADFORD. Will my colleagun allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. DODGE. Certainly.
Mr. RADFORD. I desire to know if the
gentleman is now in favor of admitting the
southern States to a representation here in
Congress provided they ratify the^mendment
to the Constitution?
Mr. DODGE. I say unhesitatingly that I
should, provided they send loyal men here.
Mr. RADFORD. That is my religion.
Mr. DODGE. 1 believe if this Congress shall
abandon the idea of requiring the ratification
of the constitutional amendment passed by the
last session of Congress, and shall pass these
bills and they become laws, the people of the
