1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
Senate & Ho. of Rkps.
lieport of the Secretary of War.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
elements which enter into the solution of this
question.
1. The Indian must be so placed that he
can never again be brought into contact with
white emigration, nor obstruct the settlement
and development of the new Territories.
2. lie ought to be placed where he can be
subjected, under the most favorable conditions,
to the influences of Christianity and civiliza-
tion, and be taught to labor and to support
himself.
3. As he must, for a time at least, be sup-
ported by the Government, lie ought to be placed
where provisions and other neeessaries of life
are cheapest.
4>. He should be placed where the smallest
possible military force would be needed to con-
trol him until he had learned to control himself.
6. He ought to be placed where sympathy
and kindness are f<^t for his race, instead of
relentless hostility; where society is established, ;
and the laws thoroughly executed; where the ;
great preponderance of the white population
around him, and his security under the law, as
well as his immediate and certain punishment
for wrong-doing, would deprive him of the
power, and, in time, of the inclination to in-
dulge his savage propensities; where all inter-
course with the wild Indians, and all power to !
indulge^ his wandering Jiabits, would be taken ;
from him; where, in fact, he would be sur- j
rounded only with the best influences, and i
could at least be made a harmless member of
the community, if he could not be made a good
citizen and good Christian.
It is manifest that not one of these conditions
could be secured under a system which should
keep the Indian in remote districts of country,
in front of the white emigration and in contact
with the very advance of the white settlers on
one side, and with the wild tribes of Indians
on the other.
The plan which I propose differs from that
which seems to have been determined on by
the Indian department, in this, that I propose
to remove the Indians of New Mexico, Colo-
rado, &c., to the East, instead of the West;
toward that portion of country where food and
other neeessaries of life are cheapest, instead
of where these things are most expensive ;
where the fewest troops, maintained at the least
expense, would be needed; where the Indian
could no longer be an obstacle to the settlement
and development of the great mining regions,
nor himself be subjected to that process of cer-
tain extermination which liis obstruction to the
advance of white emigration now renders inev-
itable, and where he could be placed under all
the conditions most favorable to his welfare
and security and to the safety of the frontier
settlers.
To this plan it is objected that it is too grand
in its proportions, and would be attended with
too great expense ever to be executed. Let
us examine this question.
It is needless to say that it is not proposed to
accomplish all this in a year, or in ten, or even
twenty years. There are, and will continue to
be, wild tribes of Indians, whose existence in
a wild state does not endanger the settlement
of the country; with these tribes, for the present,
it is not proposed to interfere. The tribes to
whom it is proposed to apply this system of
removal from time to time are precisely the
tribes which the Indian department propose to
begin to place upon reservations—those tribes
which are now so closely in contact with the
wuites as to endanger both races.
It is also needless to say that the mam diffi-
culty consists in collecting these Indians to-
gether and putting them en route to a reserva-
tion. Up to this j^mit the plan of the Indian
department and that suggested by me are iden-
tical, as is also the expense; a comparison,
therefore, only begins at this point. When
once the Indians are collected' and ready to
move, is it more economical to establish them
where food is most costly, and whore every
necessary of life is an expensive article of
luxury? Where twice as many troops would
be needed, maintained at four times the ex-
pense? Where the Indians would continue to
depredate upon the people, and be subjected
to the same process of extermination as before?
Where they would obstruct the settlement of
the country and jeopard the peace of the future?
Is it really believed that the additional expense
of transportation over a few hundred miles
would not bo many times overcome within a
year or two by cheapness of food and decrease
of military force? Is it really believed that a
temporary arrangement, with all its evils, and,
to say the least of it, partial security, can be
better than a final and complete disposition of
the Indians? Or is there some other reason
for establishing and keeping up these unsatis-
factory reservations at remote points and at
enormous expense, not dictated by humanity,
economy, or wisdom, and in opposition to the
whole experience of the past?
I presume that I should not differ much, if
at all, with the Indian department as to the
time when the relations of an Indian tribe to
the white emigrants rendered it necessary to
place the Indians upon a reservation. I only
propose, when that time arrives, we shall make
a final and complete disposition of that tribe
at least, and not resort to a temporary arrange-
ment, which is attended with little but evil.
It may safely be left to such persons as the
Government liiay select to determine the place
where a reservation for any given tribe of Indi-
ans shall be established. Such places can be
readily found along the Mississippi or Missouri.
Only let the Government adopt some policy
which secures an end to Indian troubles and
massacres, however far in the future, and the
details will readily be adjusted. Only let us
have a final result, and not a temporary
arrangement, which leaves the last state of the
Indian and white man worse than the first.
In accordance with these views I consider it
both wisdom and economy to remove the
Navajo reservation to some point in the Indian
Territory west of Arkansas. There is no doubt
that the present disposition of these Indians is
the best that could have been made at the time,
and that their subjugation and establishment
under the eye of a military force, where the
Indian is taught to labor, and, as far as pos-
sible, is restricted to certain limits, reflect
great credit upon the energy, good sense, and
good management of General Carleton, who
commands in this Territory; but, aL the best,
such an arrangement is temporary, and the
time has now arrived (as indeed it existed as
soon as these Indians were collected together)
to remove them altogether beyond the limits
of the Territory. General Carleton, at the j
time he established the Navajoes at this reser- i
vation, had not the power to carry them further ,
away from their original country. He removed
them as far as possible—to the extreme east-
ern boundary of the military department he
then commanded—and could do no more.
The difficulties and quarrels, and the dissatis-
faction on both sides, occasioned by a location
of Indian reservations in t^e country of the
Indians, and which I have sketched in some
detail heretofore, are in full blast in New Mex-
ico conccrning this Navajo reservation, and
nothing is heard except complaints of robbery
and murder by Navajoes, which the Indians
counterbalance by very similar charges against
the Mexicans. The expense of feeding these
Indians where they are is at least four times
what it would be in the Indian Territory west
of Arkansas, while twice as many troops are
needed to guard them here as would be needed
there.
In my judgment these Indians ought to be
removed at the earliest moment. The cost of
moving them would only be the expense of a
train to haul the necessary subsistence for
them to their place of destination—an expense
which would be repaid many timeato the Gov-
the
eminent by the decreased cost of feeding
Indians.
I be various bands of Apaeho Indians, too,
should be collected from time to time and re-
; moved to the same region.
The bands of Utes in Colorado and the
northern part of New Mexico, as well as the
Indians of the plains to the eastward, are in
sucli relations with the whites that they too
must becollected on reservations, or the com-
munications between the mining regions and
the_ agricultural districts along the Missouri
which supply them with food will be strictly
cut off, or so much interrupted as to occasion
suffering, if not actual destitution. It is need-
less to say that there is no idea of doing all
this at oncc. Time and patience arc needed
to complete these operations, but when once
completed the matter is settled forever. Res-
ervations for these Indians of Colorado can
be readily secured along the Missouri river.
Meantime we are obliged to take things as we
find them, and to make such use of the mili-
tary force as will obviate, as far as possible,
the evil results of a system of Indian policy
which to-day stands condemned by the whole
history of the past. Indian wars, and massa-
cres of both whites and Indians, must con-
tinue as long as the causes which occasion
them remain in force, and as these causes of
trouble are every day increasing with the
increase of population, we must anticipate in
the future an increase in the frequency and
violence of Indian outbreaks.
I have established only one new post on the
Apache frontier, and that is located near the
head of the Mimbres river, about one hundred
and fifty miles west of the Itio Grande. This
post, with Fort Cummings at Cook Spring,
Fort, Selden on the llio Grande, Fort Stanton
on the Bonito river, between the llio Grande
and the Pecos, forms a line of post3 covering
the southern frontier of New Mexico from the
Apache Indian.
Some of the posts hitherto established be-
tween the northern and southern line of posts
I have kept up to protect the settlements
against small raiding parties which might slip
through the outer lines. Fort Union, Fort
Lascom on the Canadian river, one hundred
and fifty miles southeast of Union, cover the
eastern frontier of New Mexico against the
Comanehes and other Indians of the plains,
and will be garrisoned by six companies of
cavalry, disposable for rapid movements on the
plains to protect the routes to the Missouri
river. With these dispositions of the troops
assigned to New Mexico i think a'l1 he proVc-
tion will be afforded which can be under the
present system of Indian management.
The same force now engaged in a .fording
this partial protection is entirely sufficient to
effect the removal of the Indians from this
Territory, as I have suggested, a removal alike
demanded by humanity and common sense.
A list of the posts, their exact location, and
the garrison of each I will send to your otlice
in St. Louis, as I presume you will not want
it in your journey. I al~o send to your head-
quarters much detailed information coueertiiug
the supply of the po-ts in this Teriitorv, and
the unnecessary additional expense occasioned
by the bad practice which has grown up dur-
ing the war of making all contrac's a' a great
distance from the country to lie supplied, un-
der the direction of ollieers totally unac-
quainted with the resources, people, manner
of doing busines.-, prices, or anything eFe in
the districts in question, and utterly with,.-it
experience or knowledge of service on the
frontier. I will make a special report to you
on the subject when you return, and meantime
I beg that you will inquire into the workings
of this system of concentrating the manage-
ment of contracts and supplies at Washington
or other places remote from the districts to be
supplied, and ofgiviiu direct orders from the
staff bureaus in Washington to subordinate
