1394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
main amendment itself if such a recital should
be contained in it.
Mr. CONNESS, and others. Vote it down.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection if
the Senate will vote it down, and as that seems
to be the disposition I shall not consume the
time in debating it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The object of the pro-
posed amendment is obvious to every one. _ It
is to declare the sense of the Senate that it is
not necessary for this constitutional amend-
ment to receive the assent of more than three
fourths of the Legislatures of the States repre-
sented in Congress. The consequence of it is
simply that a majority of the Representatives
of the States in this body may get together and
close the door against the representatives of
the other States in the Union, and the assent
of three fourths of the States so represented,
although they may not be a majority of the
States in the Union, is all that is necessary to
the valid ratification of a proposed amendment
to the Constitution.
If, Mr. President, this is the doctrine of the
Senate of the United States, in what attitude
does the Senate appear before the people of
this country and the civilized world? In the
commencement of the late civil war Congress
by resolutions recognized every southern State
as a State of this Union, although those States
were not represented in Congress. You havo
passed more than a hundred bills through this
body during the continuance of the civil war,
in which and by which you recognized those
States as States in the Union; you levied taxes
upon them as States; you apportioned their
share of the public burdens upon them as States;
you appointed officers for the collection of
your revenue in those States as States, naming
them as States, liven Mr. Lincoln, who was
immaculate in your eyes and the eyes of your
party, by his proclamations, and by almost
every official act having reference to those
States, recognized them as States. You have
appointed district judges of the courts of the
United States in those States as district judges
for those States. And when the Senator from
Massachusetts, himself of this body since the
commcncemcnt of the civil war, offered a reso-
lution declaring in substance that the States
might commit political suicide and bo no longer
Stales in the (Jniou, it received, according to
my recollection, no support from your party
except the individual vote of that Senator.
Throughout this whole struggle when you
marshaled the Union hosts of the entire coun-
try to wage a war which experiencchas proved
to be not a war for the preservation of the
Union, but a war to result in the destruction
of the Federal Union, you spoke of "the loyal
men of the southern States," and you invited
them to flock to your standard and to join
your banners in that conflict. Now, when the
people of those State? have laid down their
arms and submitted to the arbitrament of'the
sword, yoi^ turn around, and, not in solemn,
but in ludicrous mockery, undertake to pro-
claim that all the assertions which you made,
all the public acts which you passed through
this body, aie not true, and that they are no
longer States of the Union, and havo not been
States of the Union since the commencement
of the civil war.
Where is the consistency of your action?
Had you proclaimed this doctrine in the in-
ception of the war, or at any time during its
continuance, the war would not be over now,
because you would not have found flocking to
your standard the hundreds of thousands and
the millions of men that did flock to it. It
was only when you became successful in the
conflict that you proclaimed this doctrine which
I he southern States first proclaimed, that they
had a right to withdraw from the Union. You
now practically admit the very doctrine for
which they contended, that they had the right,
if they could only vindicate that right by the
power of the sword, to withdraw from the
Union. You said that they had no power to
withdraw from the Union, that no State had
the right to take itself out of the Union; and
yet after the result of the conflict of arms has
been in your favor you turn round and pro-
claim, not only to them, but to the whole world,
that the very doctrine you preached was not
true, and that they might take themselves out
of the Union, and that you might hold them
as subject provinces, and that you might par-
eel out their domain to military satraps, and
subject the people of those States to the mere
arbitrary will' of a majority of the Federal
Congress. Verily, sir, we may say consistency
is a jewel.
Mr. JOHNSON (at one o'clock and twenty-
five minutes a. m.) If the honorable Senator
from. Delaware will give way, I will move an
adjournment.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I yield.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope not.
Mr. JOHNSON. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to suggest before
the vote is taken on the adjournment that I have
no doubt we can come to a vote at a reasona-
ble hour to-morrow evening. I am not author-
ized by all to say so, but I have no doubt of it.
There is certainly no use of staying here all
night. We are merely wearing ourselves out.
Mr. SUMNER. I think if Senators on the
other side would agree on an hour there would
be no difficulty.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no doubt that,
at ten o'clock to-morrow evening we could
come to a vote, and I should think long be-
fore.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must remind Senators that the question of
adjournment is not to be discussed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. We do not propose to
discuss it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. In answer to the gentle-
man's suggestion I will say this: I have be-
come persuaded in my own mind that if the
vote on this bill is not taken before ten o'clock
to-morrow night the bill will bo defeated; and
I will not agree therefore to an arrangement
that the vote shall not be taken till ten o'clock
to-morrow night.
Mr. HENDRICKS. At what time do you
want to take it?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am willing to agree
that the vote be taken at seven o'clock to-mor-
row evening, so that the bill can go to the
House and,be considered by the House to-mor-
row night.
Mr. SUMNER. Say eight o'clock.
Mr. JOHNSON. Nine o'clock.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 think we could prob-
ably vote by four or five o'clock to-morrow
afternoon if we adjourn now.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Suppose you say no
o'clock, because for one I will make no agree-
ment.
Mr. JOHNSON. We cannot make one for
the Senator from California, but we can so far
as regards the other members on this side, and
I do not think the Senator from California will
be able to talk more than four hours.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will prococd with the call of the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think we can certainly
take the vote by eight or nine o'clock to-
morrow.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I protest against this
thing of conventions about closing debate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will consent so far as I
am concerned, and I hope the friends of the
measure will refrain from discussing the bill and
allow the gentlemen who oppose it to occupy
all the time.
Mr. CONNESS. That is too much.
Mr. WILLIAMS. With that understanding
Iwouldname seven o'clock to-morrow evening.
Mr. JOHNSON. Say eight o'clock.
Mr. CHANDLER. Say four.
Mr. LANE. The House will hardly be in
session to-morrow night, being Saturday night.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I say now the debate
cannot close before eight or nine o'clock to-
morrow evening, probably not before ten.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The call
will proceed on the motion to adjourn.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 25; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Bnckalow, Doolittle, Poster, Hen-
dricks, Jdhnson, Patterson, Saulsbury, Sprague, and
Van Winkle—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Conness, Cragin,
Creswell, Fogg, Prelinghuysen, Henderson, Howard,
Kirkwood, Lane, MeDougal!, Morgan, Morrill, Po-
land, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Boss, Stewart, Sumner,
Wade, Willey, "Williams, "Wilson, and Yates—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony .Brown, Cowan, Davis,
Dixon, Edmunds, Eessenden, Fowler, Grimes, Guth-
rie, Harris, Howe, Nesmith, Norton, Nye, Riddle,
Sherman, and Trumbull—18.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Forthe reasons already
briefly stated, of course I shall vote against this
proposed amendment; and I will take this
occasion to say, that, in my judgment, there has
been no amendment to the Constitution that
has ever been legally proposed to three fourths
of the States. Certainly the amendment abol-
ishing slavery in the United States was not
legally submitted to the States of the Union.
It was never submitted to three fourths of the
States, which is absolutely necessary to the
validity and constitutionality of an amendment;
and, in my judgment, no amendment which
was not so submitted has any binding authority
in this country to-day and I hold that any
amendment submitted to the Legislature of any
State and not ratified by the Legislature of that
State, aud which amendment was not proposed
to all the States of the Union, has no binding
force upon that State, and there is no power in
this country that can constitutionally and legally
enforce such an amendment.
Now, the purpose of this amendment is to
get an expression of the Senate that it is only
necessary that a constitutional amendment
should bo proposed to a part of the States, and
not to all the States. It is out of place; it has
nothing to do with the proposition before the
Senate, its only purpose and object being, in
this impropermode, to obtain senatorial opinion
in reference to the question what number of
States a constitutional amendment shall be
proposed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator will
give way I will make a motion that the Son-
ate adjourn ; but before I make the motion I
wish-to suggest that this is no ordinary legisla-
tion in which we are concerned. It is, in my
judgment, the gravest legislation that has ever
occupied Congress. It is claimed by its friends
to be the work of reconstruction of our Gov-
ernment ; it is believed by its enemies to be
the work of destruction. Now, whether the
friends of the measure be right in this opinion,
or the enemies be right in their very opposite
opinion, this is true, that the subject is worthy
ot consideration. It is now nearly two o'clock
at night. The majority have occupied almost
as much time as they say they desire, with the
exception of the distinguished Senator from
Massachusetts, as he intends to tear this
amendment shred from shred and make it a
logical absurdity.
Mr. SUMNER. That it is, right on its face.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Heintends to go through
that work, and that may require some time.
Mr. STEWART. And probably will.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And probably will, as
is suggested by the distinguished Senator from
Nevada, who fights for this measure some and
fights against it some; and how he is I doubt
whether he can say himself. [Laughter.] But,
Mr. President, on our side, this good-natured
minority that have merely asked the poor
privilege of saying a word or two for the Con-
stitution that the fathers made, we have been
driven here into midnight for this work. I
make no complaint on my own part, although
I should havo liked to present my argument
much more satisfactory to myself and under
circumstances more favorable than a late ses-
sion at night can possibly allow.
Now, we ask daylight for the further discus-
sion of this bill. I do not know how it is, but
