1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mining and Commercial Company, praying
that immediate steps be taken to explore ana
ascertain some commercial plaeeon the island
of St. Domingo with reference to its adapta-
bility as a naval station, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution of the Legislature of
Michigan, in favor of the location and estab-
lishment of a naval station and dock-yard at
Grand Haven, in that State, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution of the Chamber of
Commerce of the State of New York in favor
of the passage of Senate bill No. 233, in rela-
tion to the appointment of enlisted persons in
the Naval Academy, and for other purposes,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 126) for the relief of
certain settlers on the.Sioux reservation, in the
State of Minnesota, reported it without amend-
ment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 521) to amend an act entitled "An act for
the disposal of coal lands and of town property
in the public domain," approved July 1, 1864,
and to amend an act supplemental thereto,
approved March 3,1865; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
522) to equalize the bounties of soldiers, sail-
ors, and marines who served in-the late war
for the Union 5 which was read twice by its
title,_ and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 523) to provide for the registration of elect-
ors in the Territories of the United States ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Territories, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. POLAND asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave Jo introduce a bill (S. No.
524) establishing the salaries of the judges in the
Territories; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. No. 158) for the relief of Daniel
Ellis; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
DIGEST OF REVENUE LAWS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senate to grant
an order for the printing of a digest of the
statutes of the Onited States prescribing the
rates of duties on imports in force October 1,
1866, with an index prepared by Mr. Lewis
Heyl, of the Treasury Department. As the
subject is now before us, I desire to have this
digest printed, so that we may have it on our
tables.
The motion was agreed to.
CONSTRUCTION OF LAND-GRANT BILLS.
Mr. NORTON submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Whereas it is alleged that by the construction of
the Department of the Interior of several acts of
Congress granting lands to aid in the construction
of certain railroads settlers are deprived of the full
benefit of the preemption and homestead laws:
Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be,
and is hereby, directed to inquire what, if any, legis-
lation is necessary or may be had to correct such
construction, and to report by bill aj; otherwise.
PENSION AGENTS.
Mr. LANE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill
pro-
No.
69, to provide for the payment of pensions,
which stands upon a motion to reconsider.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As a bill has passed
the Senate- regulating the appointment and
tenure of all officers whoso appointment re-
quires the confirmation of the Senate, I can-
not see any necessity for this bill; at least the
latter part of it. All that it is necessary now
for the Senate to do, it seems to me, is to pro-
vide for the appointment of these agents by the
President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, and then they will fall under the
bill that was passed last week. If Senators
think that bill was right in regard to all pres-
idential appointments, these being presidential
appointments of course ought to be governed
by its provisions ; and therefore I think the
reconsideration ought to take place.
Mr. LANE. After full consideration at the
last session and the present session we have
matured and passed a bill for the appointment
of pension agents, which now stands merely
upon a motion to reconsidcr. It was passed
by a very large vote of the Senate, arid a mo-
tion to reconsider was made. It does not fall
within the scope of the bill passed on the sub-
ject of appointments to office generally, be-
cause the provision embraced in this bill is not
touched by the provisions of that bill. It is
true that this bill makes the nomination of the
President and confirmation of the Senate ne-
cessary to the appointment of pension agents.
It is equally true that by another provision
reported by the Judiciary Committee this bill
proposes that the offices of certain pension
agents, those appointed since July last, shall
expire within thirty days after the passage of
the bill. This bill, then, contemplates a class
of officers not embraced and not touched in
the general bill passed the other day. As the
whole subject of the bill has been under debate
several times in the Senate, I shall content
myself now with expressing the hope that the
Senate will not reconsider, but will let this
matter be passed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not wish to con-
tinue the debate with my colleague on this sub-
ject ; but I think his first suggestion is calcu-
lated to make a wrong impression on the Senate.
He said that this bill was considered at the last
session and passed. At the last session he re-
ported a bill making these agents to be ap-
pointed by the President, and not any longer
by the Secretary of the Interior. That was the
bill that my colleague proposed—a bill that I
was very well satisfied to approve; but he never
did report, and I do not think he would report,
a bill that certain officers appointed before the
1st day of October shall not go out of office,
and all appointed under the same law after that
date shall go out. He did not report any such
provision; it was not in the bill; the Senate
did not vote it at the la& session ; it was not
up; but now, when these appointments are
made subject to the confirmation of the Senate,
this entire class of officers will fall under the
operations of the bill that the Senate passed
last week. If that bill is right, it ought to gov-
ern these officers; if it is wrong, it ought not
to govern any officers. That is a plain propo-
sition. It is the bill that the majority agreed
to in regard to presidential appointments. If
it is right, the majority ought to make it ap-
plicable to all officers; if it is wrong, they
ought to repeal it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion that the Senate now pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 69,
to provide for the payment of pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
before the Senate. The question is, Will the
Senate reconsider its vote passing the bill?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I understood the ques-
tion was on reconsidering the concurrence of
the Senate in the House amendment. The
bill passed the Senate at the last session and
came back at the present session from the
House with this amendment in relation to the
dismission of agents at the expiration of
thirty days; and, if I am correct in my recol-
lection, the pending question is upon recon-
sidering the vote by which the Senate con-
curred in the House amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania is right technically;
but that vote passed the bill, and the Chair
therefore stated it in the general form. Tech-
nically, the question is, will the Senate recon-
sider its vote concurring in the amendment
made by the House to the bill, the effect of
concurring being to pass the bill. The ques-
tion is on the reconsideration.
Mr. BUCKALEW. i Then I hope the Sen-
ate will reconsider its rote in order to free the
bill from this novel feature, and, as already
explained by the Senator from Indiana, allow
these officers to fall under the general regula-
tions, which are, or may be, provided by law,
instead of singling them out, a very few .in
number, and introducing a very objectionable
feature in our legislation, to wit, the direct
dismissal of officers by the act of Congress
itself, the legislative body, instead of leaving
their dismissal either to the former regulations
of law or to the new principle which has been
introduced, namely, the conjoint action of the
Senate and the President.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the reconsideration.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust that the action
of the Senate on this bill will not be reconsid-
ered. I think it is right. I was not present
at the time that action was had in the Senate;
but the bill was considered in the Committee
on the Judiciary, and I see, on looking at it,
that the Senate has substantially concurred in
the report of the committee. I think the re-
port is correct. I see nothing to be gained by
a reconsideration. Here is a class of officers,
formerly of very little importance in the coun-
try, but since the war of very great importance.
The Secretary of the Interior, under, as I
think, rather a forced consideration of the law,
has undertaken to appoint pension agents ad
libitum, dividing up the States and appointing
as many as he pleased, and paying them sala-
ries in the way of a percentage, which makes
the offices very important. They handle a
great deal of money. Here is a bill providing
that hereafter these officers shall be nominated
by the President and appointed by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate. I sup-
pose no one has any objection to that.
Another provision of the bill is that all these
officers who have been appointed within the
last few months—I think since the 1st of Oc-
tober, 1866, if I recollect the bill correctly—
shall go out of office within thirty days. Is
there anything wrong in that? Is there any-
thing unusual in that? By no means. It is in
conformity to the legislation of Congress forty-
seven years ago. In 1820 the Congress of the
United States passed a law providing that per-
sons in office should go out at different periods:
that those appointed after a certain date should
go out at one time, and those appointed after
another date at another time. I can see no
objection to this provision. I was not present
when the discussion took place upon it j but it
is in harmony with the previous legislation of
Congress, and I can see no objection to declar-
ing that these officers who have been recently
appointed should go out of office within a cer-
tain time, and that the others should go out of
office at a different period. Precisely such
legislation as that has been had heretofore. I
trust that the Senate will not reconsider its
vote, but will let the bill stand as it is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There was no sort of
objection in the mind of any one to the first
provision of the bill, which was all very proper
as it passed the Senate originally, and that was
providing that these officers hereafter shall be
nominated by the President and confirmed
by the Senate, afid providing also for limiting
the number. But the bill goes further by the
amendment of the House, and provides that a
certain portion of those who have been ap-
pointed—not all of them, but a certain portion
who have been appointed recently—shall go
