26
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 14,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
San Pedro, lias been recently destroyed by
the lloods of the river, and tlie station lias
been removed to the site of old Fort Breckin-
ridge. I hope soon to change it to the heart
of the Apache country, where the climate may
prove more healthy, and there is an abundance
of wood and grass, as well as pure mountain
water.
The post of Fort Goodwin, occupied by three
companies of the fourteenth infantry, is the
place I have assigned for such of the Apaches
as have surrendered themselves, and claim to
wish to live in peace with the whites. At
times several hundred have been on the reser-
vation, but the difficulty of at all times having
supplies for them has made it necessary to
relax the rule for their constant presence, that
they might lay in a store of mescal, &c., for
food. This may have been taken advantage
of in some instances to escape and commit
depredations 011 the settlements. I do not
expect in one season to reform a people whose
whole life has been one of plunder, but I have
no doubt that a combined system of kindness,
when they do well, and chastisement when they
do ill, will have the same effect on Apaches as
it has on other men, as well as animals.
Owing to sickness in the valley, the small
post on the San Pedro, above Fort Grant, has
been abandoned.
The camp on the Upper San Pedro, near
Barbecoma, is still maintained as a protection
for the settlements, as are also the stations at
Fort Bowie and Tucson. The companies sta-
tioned at Fort Mason, (so called.) on the upper
Santa Cruz,, near Calabasns, have been tem-
porarily removed (by the district commander,
on account of sickness) to the vicinity of old
Fort Buchanan, whether to any good purpose
remains to be seen.
The cost of transportation is so great into
Arizona that I have felt it good economy to
do everything possible to raise, and stimulate
others to raise, supplies in the country.
I am glad to say that the experiment of a
Government farm 011 a large scalc in the valley
of the Verde, at Fort McDowell, has proved a
success, and an abundant crop of corn and
sorghum is about to be harvested, to be fol-
lowed by a second crop of small grain.
Like results are expected from the farm
ordered to be opened at Fort Goodwin, so I
hope that next year will show a reduction in
the cost of maintaining the troops, to be fol-
lowed by reductions in every succeeding year,
for there is an abundance of good arable land
in the country to support a large population.
A great drawback to the service in the de-
partment is the lack of officers, both staff and
regimental.
There should be at least four officers of the
quartermaster's department, in Arizona alone.
There are but two there now, and they belong
to the volunteer service and will undoubtedly
soon be mustered out.
The lack of company officers is such that at
times companies are without a commissioned
officer. At one time a post of two companies
in Arizona hnd only one officer, a subaltern,
to command the post, the two companies, and'
do the duty of quartermaster and commissary.
Under authority given me from division head-
quarters to laise a hundred ;;Indian scouts,"
1 have directed the district commander in Ari-
zona to enlist seventy Pimos and Maricopa s
and twenty tame Apaches.
i send herewith reports of the combats with
the Indians in the department since the begin-
ning ot last year, and a tabular statement of
the changes iti the stations of troops since J uly,
18G5.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
your obedient servant,
iuvix Mcdowell,
Ilreo. Maj. Gen., Con'g Dep't.
Brev. Lieut. Col. 11. N. Scott, Ass't Adjutant
G'oiend. llcci'lvi^rtrrs Military Uimsidn qf
the Pacijic, Man Francisco, California.
Headquarters Department of the Columbia,
Fort Vancouver, W. T., October, 1800.
Colonel : Pursuant to instructions by tele-
gram from the major general commanding the
division, I have the lioaor to report the mili-
tary operations in this department during the
past year, so far as information can be obtained
from the records at department headquarters.
It is believed that officers have not, in all
instances, forwarded reports of their scouts
among the Indians. I assumed command of
the department on the 24th of February, 1800.
The command was composed of one battalion
fourteenth United States infantry, seven hun-
dred and ninety-three men, seven companies
of volunteer infantry, five hundred and fifty-
three men, and four companies of volunteer
cavalry, three hundred and nineteen men,
besides three companies of artillery, two occu-
pying permanent works at the mouth of the
Columbia river, and the other at San Juan
Island. The inclosed list will show the strength
of the command, and of that at each station.
The troops stationed in the Indian country
were divided up into small detachments, which
were so far separated from each other that
they were scarcely able to defend themselves
against the attacks of hostile bands. When
these detachments were divided up, and scout-
ing parties sent out, there was more or less
danger that the Indians w*ould capture the
camps before their return. I  some instances
scouting parties were attacked, had to fight
their way back to camp, and very narrowly
escaped with their lives. Some of the volun-
teers had been ordered to Fort Vancouver for
muster-out, but owing to the snow and the
state of the roads were unable to get in until
after the weather became settled in the spring.
I ordered the small eamps to be broken up,
and the detachments to be concentrated at the
most important points as soon as the state of
the roads would permit." It was necessary to
abandon some stations on account of there
being orders to muster out the volunteers, and
there being no other troops to replace them,
Camps Wright, Polk, Curry, Logan, Lander,
Reed, Alvord, and Fort Lapwai were aban-
doned. The troops at Wright, Cnrry, and Lo-
gan were moved to Camp Watson, and part
of those at Alvord to Camp C. F. Smith, on
White Horse creek. Those at the other camps
named were mustered out of service as soon
as they reached their rendezvous. The volun-
teers at Camp Watson were afterward relieved
by a company of the first United States cav-
alry. Those at Camp C. F. Smith and Camp
Lyon were relieved by a company of the four-
teenth infantry and one of the first United
Stales cavalry, and all mustered out of service,
except one company of the first Oregon cav-
alry, sixty men. There is also one company
of the first Oregon infantry still in the service
at Fort Klamath, Oregon.
Nothing is known at these headquarters of
any operations in the field in this department
during the past year previous to December,
18GS. On the 2~>th of that month the Indians
made a raid on Camp Alvord and ran off forty
mules; Captain F. B. Sprague, first Oregon
infantry, pursued them and recovered all the
! mules. The-Indians killed one of his horses and
wounded two others : one Indian was wounded.
Captain Sprague states in his report that the
1 Indians had driven off all the good horses in
! the raid of November o. February 7, Captain
| L. L. Williams, first Oregon infantry, reports
that he went out on a scout from Camp Wright,
i and had one man killed by Indians on the south
I side of Harney lake. February 4,1800. On the
j 21st of February, Captain F. B. White, first
| Oregon cavalry, reports that on the 14th of
that month he heard at Camp Lyon that the
Indians had attacked Hall's ranch on Jordan
creek: that he immediately sent Lieutenant
Silas Pepoon, first Oregon cavalry, in pursuit
of them ; Pepoon found Hall badly wounded
■ and tlie ranch nearly destroyed by fire. Ho
followed the Indians, killed one, and recovered
thirty-six head of cattle and horses ; one man
of the command was wounded. Brevet Major
P. W. Perry, fourteenth infantry, reports that
lie left Camp Curry on the loth of February
with forty-four men and scouted south around
Harney lake, and returned to camp on the
23d, having marched one hundred and fifty-
two miles in eleven days without seeing any
Indians. Captain J. H. Walker, fourteenth
infantry, was ordered from Camp Lyon to
scout the country between the Malheur and
Owyhee rivers. On the 23d of February he
encountered a party of Indians, killed eighteen
and wounded two of them, captur.ed nineteen
horses, a few rifles, fifteen pounds of powder,
twenty pounds of balls, and three hundred
pounds of dried beef. He lost one man killed
and one wounded. On the 24th of March Cap-
tain J. H. Walker started from Camp Lyon
with twenty-nine men and scouted to the
Owyhee river; crossed the river and scouted
through to the Malheur river. He returned
to camp on the 10th of April without having
seen any Indians. On the 2d of March Major
L. II. Marshall, fourteenth infantry, was sent
from Fort Vancouver to take command of the
district of Bois6. He left Fort Boise, March
28, on a scout, went one hundred and ten miles,
and returned on the 17th of April without hav-
ing had an encounter with Indians. On the
30th of April Captain James Ilenton, with one
company, second battalion, fourteenth infantry,
arrived at Fort Vancouver from Cape Disap-
pointment, Washington Territory, and on the
4th day of May proceeded to Fort Boise with
his command. On the 10th of April Brevet
Colonel J. B. Sinclair, fourteenth infantry,
with a detachment of recruits of same regi-
ment, left Vancouver, proceeded to Dalles,
Oregon, and thence to Camp Curry. Assuming
command of the garrison at Curry he aban-
doned the post and marched his command to
Fort Boise, Idaho Territory. Colonel Sinclair
scouted the country thoroughly between Camp
Curry and Boise. On the 18th of April Brevet
Lieutenant Colonel J. J. Coppinger, with one
company of the second battalion fourteenth
infantry, marched from the Dalles by Mcach-
em's route to Fort Bois6, scouting the country.
Brevet Major F. W. Perry, fourteenth infantry,
left Camp Curry, April 10, on a ten days'
scout on the Caiion City road, with no result.
On the 29th of April Captain P. Collins, four-
teenth infantry, had scouted the country thor-
oughly between Camp Lyon and Snake river,
withouthaving seen any signs oflndians. From
the 18th to the 29th he was scouting 011 Squaw
creek. On the 18th of April Lieutenant Aman-
dus C. Kistler, fourteenth infantry, was sent
from Fort Steilacoom to Neealibay with thirty
men and two howitzers to quell Indian disturb-
ances. On the 21st of April he reports that
he had captured eighteen Indian prisoners and
sent them to Fort Steilacoom, six of whom
were charged with murder. He made the In-
dians surrender by throwing shells into the
woods beyond them. On the 20th of April
Captain F. B. Sprague, first Oregon infantry,
was ordered to abandon Camp Alvord and
proceed to Camp Lyon. On the 30th of April
Captain P. Collins, fourteenth infantry, with
twenty-five men, went on a scout to the Burnt
river district; no result.
Major General Halleck ordered four compa-
nies of tlie first United States cavalry from Cal-
ifornia to this department April 4, 1800. Two
companies, H and I, came to Fort Vancouver
April 15, and were mounted there. H com-
pany was ordered to Camp Watson May 7, and
I company May 30, 1800. May 21, Captain
David Perry's company, first United States cav-
alry, came into southern Oregon by the Chico
route, and Captain James C. Hunt's by the
Humboldt route; the former took station at
CampC. F. Smith, and the latter at Camp Lyon,
Idaho Territory. Captain P. Collins, fourteenth
infautry, scouted on Malheur river from the 3d
