1396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
any time will be gained by it. My opinion is
that by the wasting of this night to this hour
gentlemen will not feel disposed to accommo-
date others and condense their speeches during
the day to-morrow for the purpose of bringing
the debate to a close, and it may result in ex-
tending the debate longer than gentlemen no*
anticipate. I ask for the yeas and nays on the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNEIt. I have modified my amend-
ment by using these words: "by the ratifica-
tion of the Legislatures of three fourths of the
several States having valid Legislatures."
Mr. WILSON. It appears to me that modi-
fication makes it very indefinite. What is a
valid Legislature? There may be some ques-
tion about it.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose the Senator
would wish to discuss his proposition, as it is
a very important One, somewhat elaborately;
and I suggest, therefore, whether we had not
better adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. The language of the Con-
stitution is as follows:
"The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses
shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments
to this Constitution, or, on the application of the
Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall
call a convention for proposing amendments, which
in either case shall bo valid to all intents and pur-
poses as part of this Constitution when ratified by
the Legislatures of three fourths of the sevoral
States, or by conventions in three fourths thereof, as
ono or the other mode of ratification may be pro-
posed by tho Congress."
It will be observed that by the language of
the Constitution the ratification is to be .not by
three fourths of the several Statos; that is not
the text of the Constitution; it is "by the
Legislatures of three fourths of the several
States." Of course whcrefStates have no valid
Legislatures, as with the rebel States through-
out tho rebellion and down to this moment,
there are no Legislatures that can be counted.
The requirement is that the ratification shall
be "by the Legislatures of three fourths of the
sevoral States.'' Now, in point of fact only
tho States actually represented in Congress
have valid Legislatures; therefore only those
States can be competent to act on this consti-
tutional amendment.
Now, sir, why should this be introduced on
this occasion? You are laying down provis-
ions for the future, and declaring on what
terms and in what way a constitutional amend-
ment may prevail, and what shall ensue on the
prevalence of that constitutional amendment.
It seems to mo that you ought to go forward,
and by a legislative interpretation declare what
States should be held to ratify the constitu-
tional amendment. The question has been
raised in this Chamber and in the other Cham-
ber, and it occupies much of the attention of
the public mind.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As the Senator is dis-
cussing a very important question, and as he
has investigated it with great care, I should
like to ask him, as a matter of information, at
what time one of the southern States ceased to
be a valid State, or the Legislature thereof
ceased to be a valid Legislature, and by what
act?
Mr. SUMNER. The act of secession, fol-
lowed by war,
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I wish to ask the
Senator another question. That being the
case, and the State of Tennessee having by the
most solemn act that she could adopt agreed to
secession, and having followed that by acts of
war in her own territory, if the doctrine of the
Senator in reply to my inquiry be correct, how
is it that the Congress of the United States
could recognize the act of her Legislature in
ratifying the constitutional amendment abol-
ishing slavery as valid, and having the force of
the ratification by a State, as is recited in the
preamble to the resolution admitting the State
of Tennessee to representation in Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. I never yoted for that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator speaks
for the majority.
not spea'
'c for the
Mr. SUMNER. I do
majority in that matter.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The majority of Con-
gress said upon that subject, as on6 of the
reasons why Tennessee was entitled to repre-
sentation, that she had ratified constitutional
amendments before her right of representation
was recognized by Congress. ,
Mr. SUMNER. I am no party to that act;
I voted against it. I do not think the ratifica-
tion of a constitutional amendment by one of
these shani Legislatures amounts to anything,
except so far as it may be adopted subsequently
by Congress. Senators about me remind me
that that was the case of Tennessee. I do not
speak of the validity of that act of Tennessee
now, because it has passed under the revision
'of Congress, and Tennessee has been received
back into the Union.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But the point is this:
in the joint resolution passed at the last session
admitting the State of Tennessee to represent-
ation, it is recited as one of the reasons why
that resolution should pass that she had more
than a year before that ratified a constitutional
amendment. That was a ratification by a Le-
gislature that had not been recognized by any
act of Congress, a Legislature that was in
existence after the act of secession, a Legisla-
ture that was in existence after the act of war;
and the majority in Congress said that was a
ratification by the State of Tennessee of the
constitutional amendment.
Mr. WADE. I move to strike out all after
the enacting clause of the bill, if it is in order
to do so now, and I believe it is 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an
amendment to an amendment pending.
Mr. WADE. Does that prevent me from
offering an amendment which strikes out the
whole bill and substitutes another? I wish to
offer as a substitute what is known as the Louis-
iana bill. It is not a new proposition of mine,
but a measure that is familiar to most of the
members.
Mr. SUMNER. I am very willing that my
amendment should be passed over informally
to give the Senator an opportunity to offer his
proposition.
Mr. CONNESS. I object to passing it over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas
and nays having been ordered on the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts, it can-
not be withdrawn unless by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. WADE. Very well, then; I am not in
order.
Mr. I3UCKALEW. I suppose the greatest
hardship of this session is upon the reporters,
who are obliged to sit up all night and will
have to occupy Sunday in writing out our pro-
ceedings. If we are going to multiply the
volume of our debates this evening, I think it is
a mere act of justice as well as charity to pass
a resolution that they can suspend reporting
the remainder of the night. I believe there is
a concurrence of every member opposed to
this bill that the vote can be taken at the time
suggested to-morrow evening, with the single
exception of the Senator from California, [Mr.
McDocgall.] If the majority choose to con-
form themselves to his views and to keep us in
sessiQn all night, we cannot help it. We are
agreed to take the vote at the time indicated
by the Senator from Massachusetts, ten o'clock
to-morrow night; and by adjourning now we
may continue the debate to-morrow, take a
recess of two hours for dinner, and be fresh at
the end of the debate to-morrow night. It is
certainly a great grievance and oppression to
tho printer as well as our reporters to have a
vast mass of matter piled up here in the night
that nobody will attach any value to, that will
be of no consequence to the public, and which
very likely will not facilitate our proceedings
when we assemble in the session of to-morrow,
or I suppose I may call it to-day. However,
sir, I shall make no motion to adjourn. I con-
sider that the control of the business of the
Senate is with the majority.
Mr. WILSON, From the expressions made
by the gentlemen on the other side of the
Chamber, with the exception of the Senator
from California, it is very apparent that we can
get a vote to-morrow evening at seven or eight
o'clock.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We proposed ten o'clock
three hours ago. I do not think you can get
the vote by seven or eight o' clock to-morrow
evening. If you say ten o'clock, so far as I
a,m concerned I shall be willing to agree to it.
Mr. CONNESS. How long does the hon-
orable Senator desire to speak ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. When I say this I am
not considering myself. I do not expect to
speak more than an hour and a half or two
.hours.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Does the Senator from
Massachusetts refer to this Senator from Cali-
fornia ?
Mr. WILSON. I simply referred to the
fact that from what I have heard from gentle-
men on the other side of the Chamber I sup-
pose we can get through at a reasonable hour
to-morrow night; and I must say here that, so
far as any manifestations have come from the
gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber,
they have been such as we have certainly no
right to complain of. In the twelve years I
have been here I have never known anything
fained by the policy that is now being pursued.
have sat here many a night, and been forced
to sit here till sunrise; but I do not believe
in it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I said that I thought
the debate could be closed to-morrow some
time, but that I would not be a party to any
contract that it should be closed at a particular
hour. I do not think such a contract legiti-
mate ; I do not think it according to the proper
rule and order of the Senate, wherein allgrave •
questions should be carefully and well consid-
ered. As grave a subject as this might com-
mand the attention of not one day but many
days. I have not said that I desired to occupy
attention by producing my knowledge of his-
tory, by exhibiting what I knew about the his-
tory of States, and how they could be main-
tained or how they might be subverted ; but I
say this, and I will adhere to it as long as I
have the honor to be a member of this body,
that every Senator on this floor has the right
to give a full disclosure of his views, and it is
his duty to do so upon all public questions
involving the public interests and connected
with his public office.
I have said to the Senator from Massachu-
setts that I had very little doubt the debate
could be closed on to-morrow evening; and
while I have said that the subject was one
which might embrace the discourse of a week
if a person could present all its vast consider-
ations, I only spoke of what I believed to be
the simple truth, and then I said that I was
not so well instructed as to exhibit those con-
siderations for the benefit of the Senate.
What I may_ be able to produce yill be only
fragments of memory, being deprived of the
opportunity of consulting authorities and the
lessons of history by the foree thrust upon
myself, if you please, as one of the minority,
so that I have not had the opportunity to look
at a single lesson and have to fall back on my
school-boy days and the memories of my early
teaching. I have had no opportunity to refer
to the library to refresh my recollection upon
those early lessons and to producc them as
lessons for us. Now there may be men who
are so wise in their own conceit that they can-
not or think theacaimot take lessons from any
one, men who nave forgotten the inscription
made on an ancient temple, 11 Know thyself.''
Mr. SAULSBURY. - rVufh aeavTov, (gnothi
seauton.)
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Greek of that is
outside of my present recollection, but it
seems to be in the memory of my friend from
Delaware. It has been a practice here, and
has been proposed often, to deny to the minor-
ity the opportunity for a full discussion of
I great pending questions, and this is the great.-
I est of all the questions that have been pend
