1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of War.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
to the --ill of May : saw no Indians. On the
1th of May Captain F. B. White, first Oregon
nii.ilry, wont in pursuit of Indians committing !
deputations on Jordan and Reynolds's creeks.
llereeo\ered twenty head of stock taken from
ihe citizens. On the 11th of May Major Mar-
left Fort Boise with eighty-four men on a
•wiit up the Owyhee river. On the 10th of
Muv Captain L. L. Williams, first Oregon in-
fill'ry volunteers, left Camp Curry and scouted
overan unexplored region, but saw no Indians.
On the 41h of June Major Marshall returned
front his scout on the Owyhee; he found five
hundred Indians at the Three Forks of the Owy-
hee strongly posted on the opposite side of the
south l'ork, between the south fork and middle
fork. The river was impassable. He moved
down eight miles and crossed in a boat which
he improvised. As his advance moved up the
LlulV they were fired upon by Indians concealed
behind the rocks. He fought the Indians alto-
gether four hours : killed seven and wounded
twelve; lost one non-commissioned officer,
killed. The Indians were so strongly posted
that he could not advance upon them, and was
obliged to recross the river. In this operation
his boat was pwamped; he lost a howitzer,
(which was afterward recovered,) abandoned
some provisions, and threw some boxes of mus-
ke: ammunition into the river. Captain James
Henton's company, B, second battalion four-
teenth United States infantry, was sent from
Fort Boise, June 1G, to establish a camp in the
Flint district to protect the citizens against In-
dians. Captain J. H. Walker's company, C,
second battalion fourteenth infantry, left Fort
Boise on the 21st of June for Camp C. F.
Smith, to relieve the cavalry company which
was ordered to the Owyhee country. Captain P.
Coliins's company, D, second battalion four-
teenth infantry, was ordered the same day to
proceed to Warner's lake and establish a camp
there. On the 23d of June Brevet Colonel J.
B. Sinclair, fourteenth infantry, with a detach-
ment of cavalry and infantry, was ordered to
destroy an Indian camp on Antelope creek,
lie did not catch the Indians. Soon afterthis
the Indians corraled some citizens in the Owy-
hee mining district, and Brevet Lieutenant
Colonel John J. Coppinger, fourteenth infant-
ry, moved with his company, A, second bat-
talion fourteenth infantry, from Fort Boise by
forced marches to their assistance. Great con-
sternation prevailed in Silver and Ruby Cities.
The women and children were locked up in the
crushing-mills. The Indians got wind of the
troops and left before their arrival.
July 1.5, Brevet Colonel J. B. Sinclair, four-
teenth infantry, left Fort Boise with his com-
pany for the purpose of establishing a camp
at the mouth of the Bruneau river. On the
10th of July Brevet Lieutenant Colonel J. J.
Coppinger, with his company, A. Captain
James Henton, with his company, B, second
battalion fourteenth infantry, and Captain
David Perry's company, F, of' the first United
States cavalrv. moved from the l'lint district
to the Three Forks of the Owyhee. On the
same day Major Marshall left there with two
companies of the first United States cavalry,
and Captain F. B. White's company, B, first
Oregon cavalry, for the Bruneau river. Major
W. V. Iiinehart, first Oregon infantry, went
out from Fort Klamath in pursuit of hostile
Indians, and returned on the '20th of July with
fight of the Snakes as prisoners. Lieutenant
It. F. Bernard, first United States cavalry, with
thirty-four men, loft Camp Watson, Oregon, on
the 4th of July, in pursuit of Indians that had
been committing depredations on the Canon
City road. On the 18th of July lie detached
Sergeant Thomas W. Connor, with eighteen
men, to look for a party of Indians. The
sergeant discovered them in camp on Rattle-
snake creek, and immediately charged them,
killing thirteen and wounding many more.
He captured four horses and two mules. Cor-
poral Lord was killed. On the next day
Lieutenant Bernard attacked this band again
and dispersed them, capturing two women,
two children, three horses, and a very large
quantity of camp equipage; also, twenty head
of beet cattle, which had just been killed and
jerked. The Indians numbered about three
hundred. Lieutenant Bernard returned to
Camp Watson July 30, having marched six
hundred and thirty miles without having lost
a horse.
Major L. H. Marshall, fourteenth infantry,
started from the mouth of the Bruneau with
the three companies of cavalry, August 4, on
a scout to Goose Creek mountains. Major
Marshall has been in the field ever since, and
has rendered no official report of his scout yet,
but he informed me verbally that, while scout-
ing on the south fork of the Owyhee, his com-
mand killed thirty-five Indians. He ascer-
tained, through an old Indian who was cap-
tured, that the Reese River Indians brought
ammunition and traded with the Snakes for !
the stolen stock. From Three Forks of the
Owyhee Major Marshall crossed over the hills
to Camp C. F. Smith. From there he went
to Stein's mountains; was at Camp Warner
on the 20th of September, and was going from
there to Harney lake. On the 8th of August
Brevet Lieutenant Colonel R. F. O'Beirne,
fourteenth infantry, left Vancouver with his
company, proceeded to Dalles, and was or-
dered to march by the Canon City road to
Boise, scouting the country along the route. :
Brevet Lieutenant Colonel E. M. Baker, first
United States cavalry, left Camp Watson with
thirty-four men, on the 22d of August, in pur-
suit of Indians that had run-off a band of Gov-
ernment mules—number not reported. He
found thirteen mules wounded with arrows,
and saw where seventeen others had been
killed. He captured one squaw and two chil-
dren, and returned on the 4th of September.
On the 3d of -September Captain James Hen-
ton, fourteenth infantry, marched from Three
Forks of the Owyhee to the Bruneau river,
scouting the country along the route. On the
5 th. of September Captain James Henton's
company, B, second battalion fourteenth in-
fantry, was ordered from the mouth of the
Bruneau to Warner's lake. September 6,
Captain David Perry's company, F, first Uni-
ted States cavalry, was ordered to take forty
days' rations and scout through the Malheur
country to the Canon City road. September
8, Brevet Lieutenant Colonel J. J. Coppinger,
fourteenth infantry, was ordered to establish
a winter camp fifteen miles east of the Three
Forks of the Owyhee, and to build a block-
house at the Three Forks. On the 10th of
September Captain James C. Hunt, first Uni-
ted States cavalry, was ordered with his com-
pany to scout the country between Stein's
mountain and Harnev lake. On September
21, Brevet Major E. Myers, first United States
cavalry, was ordered from Major Marshall's
scouting party to report to the commanding
officer at Camp Warner. September 23, Bre-
vet Lieutenant Colonel R. V. O'Beirne, four-
teenth infantry, was ordered from Fort Boise
to scout the Burnt River district, where the
Indians had been stealing stock lately.
It will be observed that in these changes of
station the troops moved through country fre-
quented by Indians. The company of infantry
at Fort Steilacoom has been ordered to be
relieved by a detachment of artillery from San
Juan Island, and to proceed on Canon City
road. . , f
During the time I have been in command ot
this department I have made four tours ox
inspection. . ,
I left Vancouver May 9, 1866, accompanied
by two members of my staff, and proceeded by
the way of the Columbia and Cowlitz rivers, to
Monticello, Washington Territory, and thence
across the mountains to Olympia and Steila-
«>om. After inspecting Fort Steilacoom, pro-
ceeded to Port Townshond, Bellingham bay,
and San Juan Island, examined the condition
of these posts, and returned to Vancouver on
the l'Jthof Ma}", by the same route, havingbeen
absent eleven days, and traveled a distance of
six hundred and sixty miles—one hundred and
twenty miles on horseback.
On the 4th day of June, accompanied by my
aid-de-camp, I proceeded by Columbia river
to the Dalles, Oregon, and on the 5th, taking
an escort of ten men, marched to Camp Wat-
son, a distance of one hundred and twenty-five
miles, reaching there June 10. On the 12th,
taking Brevet Major Myers, with company I,
first United States cavalry, as escort, I crossed
the Blue mountains, and marched to Camp
Curry, a distance of eighty-four miles, reach-
ing there on the 10th. On the 18th we crossed
the Malheur Lake valley to Silvie'sriver. We
were unable to cross the river at this point,
and were compelled to follow its course through
almost impassable canons toward its source.
On the 20th the river was bridged, and the
command crossed. On the 23d we camped on
the east side of Malheur Lake valley. During
the night the Indians drove off fifty-two pack-
mules belonging to the escort. The Indians
were pursued, and all of the animals except
three that had been killed were recovered.
Oil the 25th we crossed the south fork of the
Malheur, and struck the Owyhee river oppo-
site Camp Lyon. On the 30th the river was
impassable at that point, and we were com-
pelled to move up to the Chico road, striking
it July 1. We crossed the Owyhee the same
day and proceeded to Camp Lyon, reaching
there July 2. Distance from Camp Currv to
Camp Lyon, three hundred and ten miles.
Leaving Camp Lyon on the 3d, we arrived at
FortBoisS, Idaho Territory, on the night of
July 4, and found Major General Hallcek and
staff there.
The whole distance from the Dalles to t^io
Snake river, a distance of six hundred and
thirty-six miles, was. made on horseback in
twenty-seven days. We were frequently com-
pelled, on'account of the high waters, to head
impassable canons, and considerable time was
lost in attempts to cross the rivers at different
points.
On the 5th of July we left Fort Boise, and
returned to Vancouver direct on the 11th. The
whole time occupied by the trip was tliirt.y-
eight days. Total distance traveled, one thou-
sand two hundred and forty-nine miles.
The route is shown on map No. 1, being
marked thus: . On the 12th of July
I accompanied Major General Halleck to Fort
Stevens, and the country on Puget sound. The
object of the trip was the examination of points
for permanent fortifications. I returned to Van-
couver on the 22d ot J u'ly.
On the 13th of August, accompanied by my
aid-de-camp, I left Vancouver and proceeded,
by way of Columbia river and Wallula, to Fort
Boise, reaching there August 23, 1866. I left
Fort Bois6 August 27, 1866, crossed Snake
river 28th, moved up the river to mouth of
Bruneau, and examined the country in the
vicinity. Left Bruneau August 30, crossed an
unknown country, struck Sinker creek, and
followed it up to the mining districts of Idaho.
Passed through Silver and Ruby Cities Septem-
ber 2. Reached Three Forks of the Owyhee
States cavalry. Followed Mnjc
to Camp C. F. Smith, reaching there Septem-
ber 6. Left there September 8, reached Camp
Lyon September 10, and Fort Bois6 Septem-
ber 12. Left Fort Boise September 13, returned
to Vancouver by the same route, arriving Sep-
tember 19. The whole distance traveled was
one thousand four hundred and sixteen miles.
Time occupied, thirty-eight days. The route
of this trip is shown on map No. 1, being
marked thus : • ,
On the 20th of Auaist company h ot the sec-
ond United Suites artillery, under command of
