1398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
the office of Governor, and who, before being con-
firmed by the Senate, shall on oath make  sign, and
file with gaid secretary, the same oath that is pre-
scribed for the Governor. Such counoillprs shall con-
tinue to hold their office, unless sooner removed by
the President, by- and with the advice afid consent
of the Senate, nntil a Legislature shall' be duly
elected and qualified under the provisions of this
act. Such provisional council shall, with the Gov-
ernor, have all legislative power in such State. But
in no event shall the Governor or any councillor
enter upon the duties of their respective offices until
after confirmation by the Senate. A majority of
such council shall be a Quorum,.and the same shall
continuein permanent session, with power, however,
to order such adjournments as may be deemed pro-
per, but no adjournment formore than thirty days at
one time. £\\ bills, resolutions or orders adopted by
the council shall be submitted to the Governor tor
his approval. If he approve the same, he shall sign
them; if he disapprove any such bill or resolution,
he shall return it with his objections to the council,
and the proceedings thereon snail be.the same as
provided by the Constitution of the United States in
case of the return of a bill by the President to
Congress. ^
Skc.3. And be it further enacted, That the Governor
shall forthwith take possession and charge of all
archives and other property belonging to the State,
and it shall be his duty to see that all laws of the
State and of the United States shall be duly executed
within such State. Until all officers shall become
eleotive by the people, as herein provided, the Gov-
ernor shall nominate, and by and with the advice
and consent of the provisional council, shall appoint
and commission all the officers now provided for by
the existing government of said State, or which may
hereafter be created by law. Such officers shall hold
their offices, unless sooner removed by the Governor,
with tho advice and consent of the provisional coun-
cil, until successors shall be eleotod and qualified as
herein provided. And all councillors, legislators, and
other members and officersof the provisional govern-
ment hereby established, and also all the members
of the constitutional convention hereinafter provided
for, shall be selected from such as can truthfully take
the oath aforesaid, proscribed by the act of July 2,
A. D. 1862, and, before entering upon the duties of
such office, shall take and subscribe such oath, which
oath shall bo filed with, and preserved by, the chief
justice of tho State.
Skc. 4. And be it further enacted, That, unless other-
wise horoaftor piovidcd by Congress, tho persons duty
qualified as electors according to tho provisions of
this act in the Stato of Louisiana shnll, upon tho lirst
Tuesday of Juno, A. D, 18G7, procoed to elect a Gov-
ernor, Lieutenant Governor, Sonato and House of
llepresontatives. and all tho other officers horoin
provided to bo appointed; which Senate and House
of Representatives shall be composed of the samo
number of members and bo elected from the same
districts as is providod under the present govern-
ment of such State; and the Governor, Lioutommt
Governor, Senators, and Representatives, and all tho
other officers of such provisional government, shall,
respectively, hold their offices lor one year, and
until their successors aro duly qualified, unless such
officers aro sooner removed or superseded, in pursu-
ance of tho other provisions of this act. All such
oflioors so elected shall have tho same qualifications,
and shall tako, subscribe, and file the same oath as
is herein roquired in the oaso of tho appointment of
such officers. And tho powers, duties, lees, and com-
pensation of ail such officers shall be the same as now
by law appertain to such offices, respectively, in so
far as such laws aro not inconsistent with the pro-
visions of this act.
Seo. 5. And bcit further enacted, That the following
persons, and no others, shall bo electors and entitled
to vote at all elections held under tho provisions of
this act, namely: every. male citizen of tho United
States, without distinction of race or color, who has
attained the ageof twenty-one years, and has resided
in Louisiana one year, and who has never borno
arms against tho United States since he was a citi-
zen thereof, and who can truthfully take tho oath
prescribed by the act aforesaid of July 2, A. D. 1862:
Provided, That any person otherwise qualified as an
elector, as herein providod, and who never voluntarily
gave aid, countonance. encouragement, or support to.
any rebellion against tho United States, nor any such
aid, countenanco, encouragement, or support to any
government inimical to the United States in any othor
manner, capacity, or rank than as a private soldier
in open and civilized warfare, may be admitted to the
rights of an elector by an order of tho officer or per-
son making tho registration of voters, upon establish-
ing, to the satisfaction of such person, by the testi-
mony of persona who have at all times borno true
allegiance to the United States, that he is one coming
withm the description of persons designated in this
proviso. Upon such proof being made, and upon tak-
ing and subscribing upon tho records of thcregister-
lng officer an oath that all the things aro true which
bring the applicant within tho exceptions of this pro-
viso, and also that such person will at all times bear
true allegiance to the United States, and to the per-
petual Union of the States thereunder, such person
shall receive a certificate which shall entitle him to
the rights of an elector.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the Governor
and council aro hereby required to make and publish
rules providing for—
1. A just and true registration, prior to each gen-
eral election, of tho names of ail persons who, under
the provisions of this act, are entitled to vote at any
election named in this act; and he shall designate
persons, havingth e qualifications of electors, by whom
such registration shall bo made, which registration
shall be completed and made accessible to all the
electors of the State at least one week before cach
general election.
2. For the time of holding all elections, the time
for holding which is not fixed by this act; and also
for the places and manner of holding and conducting
all tho elections contemplated by this act, including
rules for receiving, counting, certifying, and return-
ing the votes cast; the granting certificates of elec-
tion ; the appointment and compensation of all judges
and other officers of elections; and for every other
thing whichshall be necessary to the holding of a free
election by the people. But all officers and agents
appointed to make such registrations, and to con-
duct, make returns of, certify to, or do any act touch-
ing any election, shall be persons entitled to the rights
of an elector under the .provisions of this act; and
all such persons shall, before entering upon such
duties, take and subscribe the oath aforesaid, pre-
scribed by. the act of July 2, A. D. 1862, and also to
faithfully- and impartially discharge the duties of
their office.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That upon the first
•Monday in August, A. D. 1867, unless the Congress
of theUnitedStatesshould by law othorwiseprovido,
an election shall be held by all the persons qualified
to vote under the provisions of this act for the
choice of members to a convention to adopt aper-
manentconstitution and frame of government for the
Stato of Louisiana. No person shall be eligible to a
seat in such convention who has not attained the
ago of twenty-five years, and who has not all tho other
qualifications prescribed bythis actfortheGovernor;
and such convention shall bo composed of the same
number of members and shall be elected from the
same districts as is now'provided by law for the
House of Representatives. And no person shall
take a seat in such convention who has notfirst taken,
and upon the journals of the convention subscribed,
the oath prescribed by the act of July 2, A. D. 1862.
The constitution framed by such convention shall not
permit any distinction in the rights of men on account
ofraco or color, and shall recognize tho power and
duty of the Government of the United States to pro-
tect and enforce tho perpetual Union of the States
under such Government. Sa-idconstitution shall pro-
vide that no dobt, demand, or liability contracted or
incurred in the name of tho Stato or otherwise, in
support of the recent rebellion, shall be assumed or
paid; and that no pension, compensation, gift, or
gratuity, shall be bestowed upon or paid by tho State
to any person for the loss of the service or labor of
any person, or by reason of anything done or suffered
in support of tho rebellion. And such constitution
shall provide that the aforesaid provisions shall be
irreversible and incapable of abrogation by amend-
ment thereof. Such constitution shall bo submitted
for approval by tho convention, at such timo as it
may fix, not loss than sixty days after tho adjourn-
ment of the convention to the electors of tho State
qualified to vote under tho provisions of this act; the
election to bo held undor rules proscribed, as afore-
said, by the Governor and council, and if approved
by, a majority of such electors, it may be presented to
Congress for tho admission of the State to represent-
ation in Congress thereunder, upon such terms as
may be by them prescribed.
Sec. 8. Andbeit further enacted, That it shall bo the
duty of tho President of tho United States to desig-
nate forthwith an officer of the Army of tho United
States, who is of rank not below a brigadier general,
who shall be stationed in the Stato of Louisiana, and
shall be tho military commander within the Stato;
it shall, moreover, bo the duty of the President to
plaoo in such Stato, undor tho oommandof such offi-
cer, such military force as shall bo roquisito to exo-
cuto tho duties heroin assigned to sucn commander.
It shall bo tho duty of such commandcr to aid tho
civil authorities in the Stato whenever they shall bo
unable to onforco tho laws enacted by the Governor
and council; and such commander, on tho applica-
tion of the council, or of tho Governor when the
council is not in session, shall protect tho people
against domestic violence. And it shall, moreover,
be the duty of such commander to rendor such sup-
port to the civil authorities in the preservation of
order and in tho enforcement of tho laws and rules
regulating elections, and also all other laws, both df
the United States and of tho State, as shall insure the
fall, speedy, and impartial enforcement of all such
laws and of equal justice, and this without regard to
race or color.
Sec. 9. And be it further ena-cted. That tho militia
of tho State shall consist of all the citizens of the
State qualified as doctors under this act, who shall be
as soon as practicable, duly organized and equipped,
under laws adopted by the Governor and council;
and during the existenco of the provisional govern-
ment hereby created such militia shall act under the
direction of the aforesaid militarycommandorwithin
the State.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That all laws
now in force in Louisiana, consistent with the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States and with the
provisions of this act, shall remain in forco until
repealed or modified: Provided, That no person shall
be competent to act as a juror who is not an elector
under tho provisions of this act: And provided also,
That all the expenses of and incident to the admin-
istration of the provisional government herein pro-
vided for shall be collected and paid in such manner
as may be prescribed by the Governor and council.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the Presi-
dent shall appoint a Governor and council, as herein
provided, for each of the States of Virginia, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Mississippi, Ala-
bama, Florida, Texas, and Arkansas, whose qualifi-
cations and duties shall be the same as prescribed
for those in the State of Louisiana; and all proceed-
ings herein providedforthe organization of a repub-
lican government in Louisiana, and the restoration
of said State to representation in Congress, shall be
had in each of the States named in this section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the question as it now stands before
the Senate. The Senator from Missouri pro-
poses to strike out all of the original bill after
the enacting clause, and to insert the substi-
tute which has just been read. The Senator
from-Maryland had previously moved an amend-
ment to the original bill, which had been con-
sidered and amended by the Sena-te. It is the
rule and practice of the Senate first to perfect
that which is proposed to be stricken out
before taking the question on the substitute.
The amendment of the Senator from Maryland
is therefore first in order; and after action has
been had upon it, if no other amendment be
moved, the question will come upon the prop-
osition of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to state that
I have examined the rules on this subject since
I submitted the amendment, and the Senator
from West Virginia has pointed out to me this
rule, on page 10 of Barclay's Digest:
"An amendment may be moved to an amendment,
but it is not admitted in another degree. (Manual,
page 100.) [But it is the well-settled practice of the
House that there may be pending at the same time
with such amendment to the amendment an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute for part or the
whole of the original text, and an amendment to that
amendment. (See Journal 1, 31, pages 1074,1075.) It
was decided many years ago that if the motion to
amend tho original matter was first submitted it was
not then in order to submit an amendment in the
nature of a substitute, (Journal 1,19, page 794;) but
it was subsequently decided otherwise, (Journal 1,
28, page 807,) and the practice ever since has been in
accordance with the latter decision. So now, not-
withstanding the pendency of a motion to amend an
amendment to tne original matter, a motion to
amend, in the nature of a substitute, aDd a motion
to amend that amendment may be received, but can-
not be voted upon until the original matter is per-
fected."]
What I ask is that my proposition shall stand
as an amendment. If any gentleman wishes
to amend the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland before it is voted upon, of course
that will be in order. I do not object to per-
fecting the original bill and the amendment
before my amendment is voted upon. I only
ask that my proposition shall stand before the
Senate as an amendment in the nature of the
substitute. I am satisfied that it is in order.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I must confess that I am
very much surprised at this proposition. After
the bill has been under discussion during the
entire day and all night, there is at this hour
an amendment proposed as a substitute for the
entire bill. Of course the effect of that will
be to open up another discussion, and before
any definite action can be taken it will be
necessary to discuss this new bill and all its
features. It is altogether more complicated
than the bill that has been before the Senate
and under, discussion, and the necessary effect
of this movement, as it appears to me, is
to defeat both bills. I presume that is not
the intention of the Senator who moves this
amendment; but under the circumstances, as •
it is utterly impossible now by the action of
those whom I have supposed to be friends of
this measure to proceed and arrive at any def-
inite result to-night, I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. Let the amendment be
printed first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Oregon withdraw his motion, to
allow an order to be made to have the amend-
ment printed?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, for that purpose.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire that my prop-
osition shall be printed, as I have made many
changes in the Louisiana bill as it came from
the House.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. McDOUG-ALL. I desire to submit an
amendment, which I shall move at the proper
time, to the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland, and I wish to have it printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pro-
posed amendment will be received informally
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I renew my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and at three
o'clock a. m. (Saturday, February 16) the
Senate adjourned.
