1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
JiepoVt of the Secretary of War.
39xii Cong....2d Sess.
Headquarters Department of the Gulf,
New Orleans, Louisiana,
Nuvember 14, 1800.
General: In compliance with letter of in-
structions, dated October 4, 1806, I have the
honor to make the following report of opera-
tions within the limits of my command since
May 2'.t. 1805:
Un the 17th of May, 1805, I was relieved
from command of the Middle military division,
and assigned to the command of all the terri-
tory west of the Mississippi and south of the
Arkansas rivers, with .directions to report to
Lieutenant General Grant for instructions.
This territory embraced at that time within
its limits the only organized rebel army left in
the confederacy, which was under the com-
mand of the rebel General E. Kirby Smith,
with headquarters at Shreveport, or vicinity,
in the State of Louisiana.
My instructions from the Lieutenant General
were to operate against this command, to break
it tip or destroy it. For this purpose I was
authorized to draw from Major General J. J.
Reynolds, commanding department of Arkan-
sas, twelve thousand men, and from Major
General E. It. S. Can by, commanding the
military division of West Mississippi, twenty-
five thousand men, together with the Fourth
and Twenty-Fifth Army corps, and a column of ,
from eight to nine thousand cavalry, to be col- .
lected from Louisiana, West Tennessee, Mis- j
sissippi, and Alabama. The aggregate strength
of this force was about eighty thousand men.
On the 2(Jtli of May I assumed control of this
new command, designating it the "military
division of the Southwest," with headquarters
at New Orleans, Louisiana, and at about the
same time received intelligence of the surren-
der of E. Kirby Smith, through commissioners
sent from him to Major General Canby. This
surrender was made, but bore upon its face
double-dealing on the part of the rebel com-
mander or his agents, as the Texas troops had
declined to surrender, and had disbanded to
their homes, destroying magazines and carry-
ing with them arms and ammunition from the
different arsenals. General Smith proceeded
to Galveston, and from thence escaped to
Mexico, in violation of the agreement he had
bound himself to observe. This conduct on
his part may have arisen from the fact that it
could not be concealeu that his real object in
offering to surrender was to get security for the
Arkansas, Louisiana, and Missouri troops to
return to their homes, knowing full well that
the Texas troops did not intend to surrender,
and that most of them had already gone to their
homes; that while they were destroying their
arsenals and carrying home with them their
arms, it was their constant boast that they were
not conquered, and that they would renew the
fight at some future day.
Previous to the surrender and in anticipation
of the successful escape of Jefferson Davis, and
his probable arrival in the trans-Mississippi de-
partment, it had been contemplated to organ-
ize a column of fifteen thousand confederates
at Marshall, Texas, for the invasion of Mexico.
This scheme failed, perhaps from the capture
of Mr. Davis. But while the main scheme of
sending the fifteen thousand men to Mexico
failed, numerous bands, squads, and parties,
numbering, perhaps, three or four thousand
men, crossed the Uio Grande into Mexico.
In view of this and the troubles of our sister
republic, and taking into consideration the fact
that all our military projects during the war
against Texas had been failures, and that on
this account the Union people there had come
to look upon the Government as weak, it was
determined to throw a large force into that
State and alon <r the Bio Grande border. The
accomplishment of this purpose was accom-
panied with great labor trom various causes,
but it was successfully achieved. •
Among the first difficulties were the inade-
quacy of the depot at this place for the require-
ments of the service to be accomplished; the
absence of all mercantile marine, and the worth-
less character of most of the transportation held
by the quartermaster's department here for the
purpose of crossing the Gulf or entering the
ports of Texas; the destruction of all the
wharves at the ports in Texas, with the excep-
tion of Galveston, by the confederates, and the
long line of communications to the points occu-
pied in the interior, over which supplies had to
be sent; and last, but not least, the great
reluctance of the troops, officers and men, to
continue for a longer period in the service, they
claiming that they had fulfilled their contract
with the Government, and that it was but just
they should he mustered out.
The movement of the Thirteenth corps had
been ordered before I reached New Orleans.
One division of it, under Major General F. J.
Herron, proceeded to occupy the line of the
Red river in Louisiana, and Marshall and Jef- !
ferson, in northeastern Texas. One division, 1
under Major General F. Steele, was under j
orders for the Rio Grande line. The third
division, under Major General J. A. Mower,
was ordered to Galveston, from thence to
occupy the line of railroad from Galveston to
Brenham, while Major General Gordon Gran-
ger, who was in command of the corps, was
assigned to general command in Texas.
While these movements of the Thirteenth
corps were in progress, I was rapidly collecting
at Alexandria, Louisiana, a column of cavalry
about four thousand five hundred strong, to be
commanded by Major General G. A. Custer,
and another column at Shreveport, Louisiana,
about five thousand strong, to be commanded
by Major General Wesley Merritt. These
cavalry columns were collected from different
points in the States before mentioned, find were
transferred up lted river by steamboats under
great difficulties from the low stage of the water,
1 were organized into divisions, equipped, sup-
: plied, and prepared to march for their respect-
ive points of destination; Merritt's division to
i march via Marshall to San Antonio, and Cus-
ter's division via Hempstead to Austin, Texas,
i the columns marching nearly parallel to each
' other and something like a hundred miles apart.
These columns took with them a small pon-
toon train to crr.-s streams on the line of march,
and for the additional object of being able to
cross the Rio Grande, should the Government
elect to send troops in that direction.
While the movements of the Thirteenth corps
and cavalry were going on, the Twenty-Filth
corps was embarked at City Point, \ irginia, for
the coast of Texas, to occupy the points of In-
dianola, Corpus Christi, Brazos Santiago, and
the line of the Rio Grande—most of the corps,
however, being sent to the Rio Grande line.
Great trouble was experienced in the landing
of the troops of this corps in consequence of the
bad harbors in Texas, the great draught of the
vessels employed as transports, and the ab-
sence of suitable lighters to convey the troops
across the bars.
While the foregoing operations were in prog-
ress, the Fourth Army corps, numbering about
ten thousand men, with all its field transpor-
tation, arrived in New Orleans, having been
ordered to report to me for service in Texas, and
was transported as rapidly as possible to In-
dianola, from thence to Victoria, and ordered to
occupy the line from that point to San Antonio.
The troops on the line from Galveston to
Austin were supplied with comparative ease,
as the bar at Galveston offered no very difficult
obstacles. The wharves, although in bad con-
dition, still sufficed; the railroad from Hemp-
stead to Brenham was in condition to transfer
our necessary supplies, and from Brenham to
Austin there was a passable wagon road.
The landing of the troops at Indianola was
difficult on account of the dangerous bar,
which had to be lightered over from the trans-
ports, and in consequence of th© destruction of
the 'wharves the lightering had to be, in most
cases, to the shore in small boats. Then when
the troops were lauded, there was no water fur
a distance of eighteen miles, and they had to
be hurried over this distance as soon as lauded,
and from thencc to Victoria, where timber nul
; water could be obtained in abundance. Vic-
toria is distant from Indianola about thirty-
five or forty miles. After these difficulties had
been overcome it was found that the country
between Indianola and, Victoria was not pay-
able for wagons in the winter, and the railroad
from Lavaca to Victoria had to he repaired at
much labor and some expense, else the troops
would have had to come back to their supplies
at Lavaca and Indianola, where there was no
water. I therefore ordered the railroad re-
paired, and after it was in running order sold
it to the company, covering the cost of repairs.
The wharf at Indianola had also to be built
entire, and when completed sold, to cover the
expenses incurred.
But on account of these obstacles, and espe-
cially the difficulty of crossing the outer bar,
which is about twenty miles from the landing,
some of the transports had to return to New
Orleans or the mouth of the Mississippi river for
water for the troops and coal for the transports.
At Brazos Santiago the wharf had been
destroyed, and many of the same difficulties
occurred here, and some of the transports had
also to return to New Orleans and the mouth
of the Mississippi river for supplies of coal and
water. The troops on this line were extended
up the Rio Grande as far as Laredo, and on
this line much the largest number of troops
were placed. A wharf hud to be built at Bra-
zos, and at first the troops up the Rio Grande
were supplied by small steamers which we had
sent to that river; but the difficulties of en-
trance at the mouth of the Rio Grande made
this line of supply very dangerous and preca-
rious tor the supply of the troops, as sometimes
a transport could not cross the bar at the mouth
of the river for nine or ten days. I therefore
ordered the building of a railroad from Brazos
to White Ranche, on the Rio Grande river, a
distance of eleven miles, and this gave secu-
rity to the supply of the troops. This railroad
was afterward sold at about forty thousand
dollarsoverthe actual expense of construction.
All these difficulties in the movement of troops
were overcome, and in a short period of time.
The effect of this large movement of troops
on the destiny of imperialism in Mexico has not
been fully appreciated by our people. It is,
however, well known that while we were stran-
gling for republican existence against organized
rebellion, and when nearly all the heads of the
GovernmentsofEuropei except Russia) wished,
and did believe, that republicanism was not a
success, the Emperor of the French undertook
the bold expedition to subvert the republic of
Mexico. There was no territorial question to
be settled, and history will not excuse the at-
tempted annihilation of a nation on the plea
of non-payment of a million or two of d< l>ts
due. There was no good excuse for t'nis
attempted violation of rights, and the history
of imperialism in Mexico is only the history of
the buccaneer Morgan on a more extended
scale, who at onetime captured and held Pan-
ama, on the Isthmus, until he could hold it no
longer. So that when this movement of our
troops to Texas and the Rio Grande took place
we found the line of that river and all northern
Mexico in the hands of imperialism; a Govern-
ment which collected no taxes, had no ^stem
of government, and supported its partisans, sol-
diers and civilians, by levying contributions on
the poor inhabitants ; but the appearance of
our troops and the knowledge that friends were
on the border went like electricity to the homes
and hearts of the Mexican people. The rebeU
who had escaped from our country received no
sympathy, and in less than a year this hardv
people, without money, without arms and muni-
tions of war, and withoutsapplies, have recap-
tured Matamoras, Camargo, Presidio de Bio
