1867.
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1399
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 20, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
. by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
correction of the journal.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. I desire to correct the Journal in regard
to the telegram received by the House yester-
day from New York announcing the death of
a revolutionary soldier. It is stated in the
Journal that he was the last surviving soldier
of the Revolution. It ought to be so corrected
as to read that he was the last surviving soldier
of the Revolution on the pension-roll until this
Congress placed upon the pension-roll the name
of John Gray, of Ohio.
The SPEAKER. The Journal Clerk made
up the J ournal correctly from the dispatch read
at the Clerk's desk. The gentleman moves,
however, that the Journal be so amended as to
add, after the words "last surviving soldier of
the Revolution," the words " on the pension-
roll."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Journal, as amended, was then approved.
tariff bill.
Mr. MYERS asked unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Unsolved, That after the tax bill is acted on, all
regular orders, except the morning hour, and all
other special orders shall be set aside, and the tariff
bill shall be the special order until disposed of.
Mr. BENJAMIN and many other members
objected.
southern homestead law.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill amend-
atory of the homestead law was recommitted to
the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was entered.
resolutions of tennessee legislature.
Mr. CAMPBELL, by unanimous consent,
presented joint resolutions of the Legislature
of Tennessee in regard to the Pacific railroad;
which were referred to the select Committee
on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be
printed.
arsenal at augu.sta, georgia.
Mr. SCHENCK submitted the following
resolution; which, being a call for executive
information, was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of "War be requested
to communicate to this House correspondence in his
possession between the commandant of the United
States arsenal at Augusta, Georgia, and thepresident
of the Augusta and Sommerville Railroad Company,
in relation to the extension of said railroad to said
arsenal, and any documents relating to the same.
g. e. winters.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs were discharged from
the further consideration of the claim of G. E.
Winters for compensation ; and the petitioner
was granted leave to withdraw his papers for
use before the Court of Claims.
california irrigation company.
Mr. McRUER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, by unanimous consent, reported
back a bill (H. R. No. 577) granting the right
of way and making a grant of land to the
Sierra Nevada and Contra Costa Irrigation and
Canal Company, with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute; which was ordered to
be printed, and recommitted.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to rcconsidcr the
vote by which the bill was recommitted ; and
also moved*that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john perry.
Mr. BAKER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of granting an
additional pension to John Perry, and to report by
bill or otherwise.
valentine wehrheim.
Mr. BAKER, by unanimous consent, also
submitted, the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of granting an
additional pension to Valentine Wehrheim; and to
report by bill or otherwise.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
a,nd found truly enrolled a bill of the following
title; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 474) for the relief of
John C. McFerran, of the United States Army.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, a joint resolution
of the House of the following title: *
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 261) for the
relief of Stephen E. Jones.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills and a joint resolution,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested, of the following titles:
An act (S. No. 592) to provide for a tem-
porary increase of the pay of officers in the
Army of the United States, and for other pur-
poses ;
An act (S. No." 563) supplementary to the
several acts of Congress abolishing imprison-
ment for debt; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No, 175) for the
relief of Dyer B. Pettijohn.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 356)
fixing the compensation for the bailiffs and
criers of the courts of the District of Columbia.
government of insurrectionary states.
Mr. BLAINE. I demand the regular order
of business. '
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the amendments
of the Senate to the bill of the House in rela.-
tion to the government of the insurrectionary
States.
The pending question was upon seconding
the call for the previous question, upon the
motion of Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, to agree to the
amendments of the Senate, with the following
amendment added thereto:
Provided, That no person excluded from the priv-
ilege of holding office by said proposed amendment to
the Constitution of the United States shall be eligi-
ble to election as a member of a convention to frame
a constitution for any of said rebel States; nor shall
any such person vote for members of such convention.
Mr. BLAINE. I now ask that the vote be
taken upon seconding the previous question.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I desire to make
an inquiry of the Chair. I wish to inquire
what will be the effect of sustaining the call
for the previous question in reference to an
opportunity to offer any amendment to the
substitute of the Senate?
Mr. BLAINE. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer
the question of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Shellabarger,] as healways answers inquiries
in relation to business before the House. The
pending question is upon the motion of the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] to agree
to the amendments of the Senate with an
amendment, upon which the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Blaine] has called the previous
question. Should the previous question be
seconded, the main question ordered, and the
motion of the gentleman from Iowa agreed to,
that would close the whole controversy so far
as this House is concerned; at least for the
present.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Will the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Blaine] withdraw his
call for the previous question until I can offer
an amendment?
Mr. BLAINE. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose, for it would peril the entire bill.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Then I hope the
previous question will not be seconded.
Mr. BANKS. I have a suggestion to make
to the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson]
whose amendment is now pending. I ask him
to so far modify his proposition as to extend the
disqualification of voters who are not allowed
to vote for members of the convention to any
election held by order of the convention upon
the adoption or rejection of any constitution
submitted to the people in pursuance of the
provisions of this act.
Mr. BLAINE. I object to any debate.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order
pending the call for the previous question.
The question was taken on seconding the
call for the previous question; and on a division
there were—ayes "69, noes 60.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. LYNCH called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Lynch and
Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 72, noes 76.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I now move to
amend the amendment of the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Wilson] by adding to it that which
I send to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That until the
people of said rebel States shall be admitted to rep-
resentation in the Congress of the United States any
civil governments which may exist therein shall be
deemed provisional only, and in all respects subject
to the paramount authority of the United States, at
any time to abolish, modify, control, or supersede the
same. And in all elections to any office under such
provisional governments, all persons shall be enti-
tled to vote, and none others, who are entitled to
vote under the provisions of the fifth section of this
act; and no person shall be eligible to any office
under any such provisional government who shall
be disqualified from holding; office under the provis-
ions of the third article of said constitutional amend-
ment.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I now call the
previous question.
On seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion; there were—ayes 80, noes 41.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, would it be in
order now to move to refer this amendment to a
committee to have it condensed and simplified ?
The SPEAKER. It would not be. The
previous question has been seconded.
The question being, ''Shall the main ques-
tion be now ordered?" it was decided in the
affirmative.
Mr. BOYER. Would it be in order to move
to lay this amendment on the table ?
The SPEAKER. It would be; but the
adoption of that motion would carry the whole
bill with it.
Mr. BOYER. I make that motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. ANCONA. I call for the yeas and nays
on the amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANCONA. I rise to make an inquiry.
Is not this an amendment in the third degree,
and therefore out of order.
The SPEAKER. It is not; because, as
stated in the Digest, "An amendment of the
House to a Senate amendment is only in the
first degree; for as to the Senate the first
amendment with which they passed the bill is
a part of its text; it is the only text they have
agreed to."
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Shellabarger to amend the amendment of
Mr. Wilson, of Iowa; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 70, not voting
21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alloy, Allison, Ames. Anderson,
Arnell, Dolos It. Asliley, J ames M. Ashley, Baker,
Baldwin,Banks, Baxter, Beaman, Bidwell, Boutwcll,
Brandegee, Bromwell, Broomall, Bundy, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullorn, Deirees,
Deming, Donnelly, tlumont.Bgglcston, Lliot, larns-
worth, Farquhar, Ferry, Grinnell, Grnswold, A 1
C. Harding, Hart, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill,
Holmes, Hooper, tlotchkiss, Demas llubbard, John
H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingcrsoll, Julian, Kelley,
Kelso, Ketciiam, Koontss .William Lawreifte, Loan,
Lonsyear. Lynch, Maynnrd, McClurg, Moludoe, M«-
cur,Morris, Houlton, Myers, Nowell, 0 iSeil.1, Orth,
