30
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 14,
SOTif' Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of \Var.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
Grande, Lampissas, Monterey, Saltillo, Mon-
elova, Durango, Chihuahua, and in fact hold
nearly all of the country, putting the invaders
on the defensive and confining them to the
valley of Mexico, with a fair prospect of their
speedy extermination.
I have felt much interest in this event, be-
cause T have always believed that the occupa-
tion of Mexico was a part of the rebellion ; and
believing that the contest in our own country
was for the vindication of republicanism, I did
not think that vindication would be complete
until Maximilian was compelled to leave.
The course taken by nearly every newspaper
in the lately rebellions States was sympathy for
Maximilian, and thesentiment ofa large portion
of the population was likewise; and so deter-
mined was this on the part of thousands of
ad venturers that the Cordova emigration scheme
was gotten up. arid had, I think, for its object
the formation of a Maximilian-American party
composed of confederates entertaining antipa-
thy toward our Government. Many of these,
having no means, would have drifted into the
army of Maximilian. I hid to take strong
grounds against this emigration, and finally
broke it up by refusing to permit emigrants to
embark from the sea-ports within the limits of
my command.
The effect of the presence of our troops in
Texas and on the Rio Grande, as alluded to
heretofore, on the destiny of imperialism was
great. It had not a friend among the officers
or men from the highest to the lowest grade,
and the effect was depressing in the extreme—
so much so that I am inclined to believe that
had a demand been made for the withdrawal
of the Imperial troops, on the ground that the
invasion of Mexico was a part of the rebellion,
it would have been granted, and the miseries
of that country for the last year avoided.
While the Imperial troops held the line of
the Rio Grande, the strictest neutrality was
preserved. Since they were driven away the
same honorable neutrality has been preserved
toward the Liberal Government.
The number of troops sent to Texas was
about fifty-two thousand. Shortly after they
had arrived, and become somewhat settled,
orders came for the muster-out of about forty-
seven thousand of this force, and the muster-
out was carried on gradually, and in accord-
ance with our ability to bring them back,
so that the movement may be Considered as
equal to a continuous movement of over ninety
thousand men over the most difficult line of
operations which we have in the country. I
make these remarks, because I was under the
impression at onetime that the Quartermaster
General did not fully understand the magni-
tude of the movement, or the natural obsta-
cles in the way of its accomplishment, and we
had to struggle for six months without funds,
on the plea that the Brazos railroad was con-
structed without authority, and the public ser-
vice made to suffer a punishment by this denial
of funds. I believe the Quartermaster Gen-
eral was influenced in this act by the repre-
sentations of incompetent inspectors sent out
to make reports.
The condition of civil affairs in Texas was
anomalous, singular, and unsatisfactory. I
found the provisional governor, backed by a
small portion of the population, had for his
standard of loyalty "abhorrencefor the rebel-
lion and glory in its defeat;" while his suc-
cessor as actual Governor, had for his stand-
ard otloyalty "pride in rebellion—that it was
a righteous but lost cause, being overpowered
by the Federal forces." Both of these repre-
sentatives of the civil law, entertaining oppo-
site standards for the loyalty of their subjects,
I was required to support, and did it to the
best of my ability ; but it has been embarrass-
ing in the extreme. Governor Hamilton, the
provisional governor, was clamorous for more
troops, and in several communications to me
asserted that the civil law could not be carried
out; that freedmen would be killed and Union
men driven from the State without military
support, which I gave whenever it was possi-
ble. Governor Throckmorton, the present
Governor, wants all the troops moved from
the settled portions of the State, asserting that
the civil law was all right; that justice would
be done to freedmen, Union men, and our sol-
diers in the courts. But justice is not done.
To give you an instance of this, two soldiers
wereshotatBrenham, Texas, about two months
ago ; they were unarmed, and offered no prov-
ocation. The grand jury could find no bill
against their would-be assassins, but found a
bill against Brevet Major" Smith, seventeenth
infantry, for burglary, because he broke into
the house of some citizen in his attempt to
arrest these men.
My own opinion is that the trial of a white
man for the murder of a freedman in Texas
would be a farce, and in making this statement
I make it because truth compels me, and for
no other reason.
During the last six months Indian depreda-
tions have taken place on the remote frontier.
Their extent is not defined as yet, but they are
not very alarming, and I think that the Gov-
ernor has to some extent been influenced by
exaggerated reports, gotten up, in some in-
stances, by frontier people to get a market for
their produce, and in other instances by Army
contractors to make money.
I have ordered two regiments of cavalry to
■ the frontier and placed a regiment of infantry
at Austin, to be moved if necessary.
It is strange that over a white man killed by
Indians on an extensive frontier the greatest
excitement will take place, but over the kill-
ing of many freedmen in the settlements noth-
ing is done. I cannot help but see this, and I
cannot help but tell it to my superiors, no mat-
ter how unpleasant it maybe to the authorities
of Texas.
I will establish the frontier posts in Texas
in the early spring. It was not done hereto-
fore on account of having no available regu-
lar troops, and to have attempted it with vol-
unteer troops, desirous of returning to their
homes, would have involved an expense which
I did not like to put upon the Government.
In Louisiana there was about as much, if not
more, anomalvin civil affairs than in Texas.
Our depot was in New Orleans, which, from
its geographical position, became the main
depot of the Gulf States, and in fact the whole
Southwest. This place had necessarily been
the headquarters of superior commanders, and
as many of them appeared to have more ability
in civil than in military affairs, they left the re-
sults of that ability to be settled by myself and
the subordinate officers of my command—ques-
tions and claims, semi-military and semi-civil,
of every possible phase, and so numerous and
complicated that, after a fair examination, I
think it will require one officer and ten clerks
for over twelve months to brief and systematize
what is yet left.
The settlement of such of those claims as have
already come up has been a dead weight upon
the legitimate military duties of my command.
Then there was the accumulation, at this place,
of material of war of every possible character,
from ocean steamships down to pick-axes and
spades, the disposition of which gave great
labor ; but by keeping steadily to work, and by
the good judgment of subordinate commanders
and staff officers of the different bureaus, this
depot is now reduced to the present wants of
the service.
At the time of my arrival at New Orleans, as
before alluded to, the civil affairs were much
mixed up. Governor J. Madison AVells was
legitimately holding the position of Governor;
but a new election was to occur in the summer
or fall, and although from the antecedents of
the Governor, who supported the Federal au-
thority. I had reason to expect good judgment,
still, either on account of the approaching elec-
tion—in which he was a candidate for reelec-
tion—or because he thought it best, he was fill-
ing a number of vacancies in offices throughout
the State by returned confederates. I did not
know this, as it was none of my business, until
I learned it by the constant appeals made to
mo by men who were turned out to give place
to new-comers whom they did not think deserv-
ing, and I only speak of it now because it led
afterward to-bitterness and shedding of blood,
in which the military were to some extent in-
volved.
The Governor was reelected and the Legis-
lature met; but it was found that the Governor
had one will, and the Legislature had another.
Each hated the other, and trouble was sure to
come. Not only was the Legislature in antag-
onism with the Governor, but all, or nearly all,
the subordinate civil authorities of the State
were against him. Many of these he had him-
self appointed, if they still held over after the
election. Then the Governor commenced mak-
ing appeals to the military authorities to sup-
port him, and when it was proper and legiti-
mate to serve the ends of justice, such support
was given ; but when it was to satisfy partisan
or political purposes it was refused, and the
military assumed the position that politics was
outside of the profession, and that it could not
be called on, legitimately, to serve the interests
of either side. This bitter political feeling
finally culminated in the massacre of the 30th
of July, 1860. I have thought that had I been
in the city this slaughter might have been
avoided ; but I did not expect it to occur, and
I was led to this belief by a conversation which
I had about the 1st of June last with Judge
Durell, who was the president of the Louisiana
convention of 1864, and who told me that he
would decline to call it together. He asked
if it could have military support. I said it
could not; that I would not allow the military
to be used for party purposes; but that if the
parties in the State came into collision, it would
be my duty to maintain the peace of the coun-
try, as I had believed for some time past that
the safety of life and property did not rest with
the civil authorities when there was any great
disturbing cause.
In Florida there were no political issues in-
volving the military authorities, although much
annoyance occasionally came from arrests of
officers and soldiers for acts alleged to have
been committed during the rebellion. The
people of Florida appeared to realize the fact
that it would not make much difference to them
what party was in power, and that their best
interest was to take off their coats and go to
work to rtipair the disaster of the rebellion.
On the 27th of June, 18G5, the temporary
military division of the Southwest was abol-
ished by the creation of the military division
of the Gulf, which included the departments
of Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, ana Florida.
These departments were respectively com-
manded by Majors General Wright, Canby,
Slocum, and Foster.
On October 7, 186">, the department of Mis-
sissippi was transferred to the military division
flip Tpnnps?pp.
On May 22, 1860, Major General Canby,
having been ordered to Washington, was suc-
ceeded by Brevet Major General A. Baird in
the command of the department of Louisiana.
I am, general, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant P. H. SHERIDAN,
Major General United States Army.
Brevet Major General John A. Rawlins,
Chief of Staff, Washington, J). C.
Report of Major General George H. Thomas.
Headquarters
Department of tiie Tennessee,
Office of Assistant Adjutant General,
Louisville, Ey., November 13. 1s00.
Colonel: I have the honor to transmit here-
with a report nf operations and the condition
