1400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Paine, Pattersdn.Perham, Pike, Plants, Price, Alex-
ander H. Rice,'Rollins, Sawyer, Schenok, Scofitel'd,
Robert T. v an Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner, Henry
D. Washburn, "William B. Washburn, Wel-ker, Went-
worth, Williams, James P, Wilson, Stephen J?. Wil-
son, Windom, and Woodbridge—9&.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, barker, Benjamin, Ber-
gen, Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Boyer, Bticklaird,Camp-
bell, Chanler. Cooper, Barling, Davis, Dawes, Daw-
son, Delano, Denison, Dodge, Eldridge, Finck, Gloss-
brenner, Groodye'ar, Aaron Harding, Hise, Chester D.
Hubbara, Edwin N. Hubbell, Jatnes R. Hubbell,
McCullouffh, McKee, McRtfer,. Miller, Moorhead,
Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Phelps, Pomeroy; Rad-
ford, Sa^mel J. Randall, Raymond, John H. Riee,
Bitter, Rogers, Ross, Rousseau. Sh'anklin.'Sitgreayes,
Stilwell.Strouse, Taber,Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson
Taylor, Thayer, Thornton, Trimble, Andrew H. Ward.
Whaley, "Winfield, and Wright—70*
_NQT YOTING—Messrs. Co.nkling, Culver, Dixon,
J)ng£s, Eckley, (^rftela, Hate, Harris*1 Hawkins,
Hogan, Asahel W. Hubbard, Jenckes, Jonesi Kasson,
Latham,Marston, Morrill,WilliamH. Randall. Fran-
cis rhomas, John L. Thomas, and Elihu B. Wash-
burn e—21.
So Mr. Shellabakg-er's amendment to the
amendment was agreed to.
^ Mr. SHELLABARGEH moved to recon-
sider the vote just taken ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
oil concurring in the Senate amendments, with
the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Wilson',] as amended on the motion of
thegentlemanfrom Ohio, [Mr. Shbixabarger.]
Mr. FINCK. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yoas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RAYMOND. Ts not the question first
upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Iowa as amended ?
The SPEAKER. The question is now on
concurring in the Sonate amendments, with the
amend rnunt of the gentleman from Iowa, as
amended by the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. IiAYMOND. Then there is to be no
separate vote on the amendment of the gentle-
man from Iowa as amended ?
The SPEAKER. No separate vote can be
taken on that.
Mr. EOSS. Is not the question susceptible
of division?
The SPEAKER. It is not. If this question
should bo decided in the affirmative, it will end
the matter for the present, so far as the House
is concerned. If it should be determined in the
negative, the Senate amendments will still be
before the House.
Mr. PARNSWORT1I. The Senate amend-
ments havenot yet been amended. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Iowa, as amended,
has not yet been adopted.
The SPEAKER. Tt, certainly will bo, if the
House now votes in the affirmative.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. Cannot the House
vote separately on the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Iowa as amended?
The SPEAKER. It cannot. The Chair
will explain. The question is now upon con-
curring in the Senate amendments with the
amendment of the gentleman from Iowa, as
amended on the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio. If this question should be decided in
the negative, the Senate amendments will still
be beiore the House. If it should be deter-
mined in the affirmative, the controversy is
ended, so far as this House is concerned, until
the Senate shall take action upon the amend-
ments proposed by the House to the amend-
ments of the Sonate.
Mr. RAYMOND. Then the only way to
vote against the amendment of the gentleman
from Iowa is to vote against the proposition
now before the House.
The SPEAKER. That is correct Should
this proposition be negatived, the question will
recur upon the Senate amendments without
amendment.
The question then recurred on concurring in
the amendments of the Senate with the amend-
ment of Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, as amended by
Mr. Shellababger ; and being taken, it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 126, nays 46,
not voting 18; as follows*.
.TEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker,
Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Bei^amm,
Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Bontwell, Brande-
fe, Bromwell, Broomall, Buekland, Bundy, Reader
. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Oobb, Cook, Cullom, Dar-
ling, Davis, Dawes, Defrees, Delano, Deming, Dodge,
Donnelly, Dumont, Bggleston, Eliot, Earnsworth,
Eariiuhar, Perry, Grinnell, Griswold, Abner C. Hard-
ing, Hart, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill, Holmes,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Dumas Hub-
bard, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Insersoll, Julian,
Kassoh, Kelley; Kelso, Ketcham,- Koontz, Laflin,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan,
Longyear, Lynch, Marvin, Maynard, McClurg, Mc-
Indoe, McKee, McRuer, Morcur, Miller, Moorhead,
Morris, Monlton, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy,
Price, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice,
Rollins, Sawyer, Sclienck, Scofleld, Shellabarger,
Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Stokes, Thayer,
Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas,, Trowbridge, Up-
son, Van Aematn, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner, Henry D. Wash-
burn. William B. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth,
Whaley, Williams, James 1?. Wilson, Stephen F.
Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—126.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Campbell,
Chanler, Cooper, Dawson, Denison, Eldridge, Finck,
Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Aaron Harding, Hawkins,
Hise, Edwin N. Hubbell, James K. Hubbell, Hum-
phrey, Hunter, Kerr, Kuykendall, Lo Blond, Left-
wich, Marshall, MeCullough, Niblack, Nicholson,
Noell, Phelps, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Rit-
tor, Rogers, Ross, Rousseau, Shanklin, Sitgreaves,
Strouse, Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor,
Thornton, Trimble, Andfew H. Ward, Winfield, and
Wright—10.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Conkling, Culver, Dixon,
Driggs, Eckley, Garfield, Hale, Harris, Hogan, Asa-
hel w. Hubbard, Jenckes, Jones, Latham, Marston,
Morrill, William H. Randall, Stilwell, and Elihu B.
Washburne—18.
So the Senate amendments, as amended, were
concurred in.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote just taken; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
morning hour.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution to preserve the
morning hour for business of committees:
Resolved, Thatduringthe remainder of this session
ttie morning hour shall not be interrupted by any
other business than that prescribed by the rules of
,tho House.
Mr. STEVENS. I am afraid it will be in-
convenient to the House, and therefore object.
Mr. BANKS. I move to suspend the rules.
Wo want the morning hour for business.
The SPEAKER. This is one of the last ten
days of the session, and the rules can be sus-
pended.
The rules were suspended; and the resolu-
tion was received and adopted.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
fortification bill.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported a bill making appro-
priations for the construction, preservation, and
repair of certain fortifications and other works
of defense for the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1868; and moved that it be made a
special order for Saturday next, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS. I reserve all points of order.
Mr. LE BLOND. I demand that the bill
shall be read in full. I propose to keep the
promise I made last night, to insist on the read-
ing of all these bills.
The bill was read a first and second time,
and then read in extenso; made the special
order for Saturday next, and ordered to be
printed.
JOHN K. HICKBY.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in the
case of John K. Hickey.
militia bill.
The SPEAKER stated the morning hour
had now commenced, and the House resumed
the consideration of House bill No. 1145, to
provide for organizing, arming, and disciplin-
ing the militia, and for other purposes.
Mr. PAINE. I find myself unable to resist
the touching appeals of my friends on the
other side of"th}s House who are opposed tov
the passage of this bill for reasons which will
be obvious to members of the House, and con-
sidering th!e condition ;of business before the
House at this time, I therefore withdraw my
demand for the previous question and again
offer my amendment, apd after its adoption I
will move to recoam.it the bill to the Commit-
tee on the Militia and remove from my friends
•this bugbear for this session, although it may
show "its horns and cloven foot", in the
Fortieth Congress. I suppose the threat of
any opposition of that sort, vulgarly called
"filibustering," will not be tried against this
amendment, but will be allowed to be adopted,
when I shall move to recommit.
Mr., LE BLOND. With that understanding
I shall let it go.
The amendment offered by the chairman of
the committee was read, as follows:
Seo. 37. And be it further enacted, That in each mil-
itary district into which Virginia, North Carolina,
South Carolina, Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama, Lou-
isiana, Floridaj Arkansas, and Texas may be by act
of Congress divided, regiments and companies of the
national guard herein provided for, composed exclu-
sively of loyal persons, without respect of color, may
bo organized, armed, equipped, and paid, with the
consent of the commander of such military district,
not exceeding in number two regiments or twenty
companies in each of such geographical sections as
constituted congressional districts at the commence-
ment of the late rebellion; and the commander of
each military district shall exercise the same author-
ity over the national guard therein which the Gov-
ernors exercise in the respective States; and all of
the provisions of this aet shall be extended to the
national guard organized in sueh military districts
which shall not be in the nature of tho case inappli-
cable thereto.
Mr._ ELDRIDGE. A single suggestion to
my friend. I cannot see the propriety or ne-
cessity of the House acting -upon that amend-
ment at this time, when the gentleman admits
that the recommittal of the bill will inevitably
defeat its passage during this Congress. I can-
not understand either why the gentleman has
taken the course he has, apprehending, as he
seems to have done, that there was to be some
filibustering here. There was no intention of
that kind. It seemed to us that the long horns
and cloven feet which appeared so plainly in
the bill would be enough of themselves to defeat
the measure even if the vote were taken. But
since my colleague admits the fact of the exist-
ence of the horns and cloven feet, but that they
are only to be presented before the next Con-
gress, I shall make no further opposition.
The amendment was agreed to.
_Mr. PAINE. Before I move to recommit
this bill I wish, with the indulgence of the
House, to say a single word. Up to this time
I have heard but two objections urged against
this bill, and those in private conversation
rather than in this House. The first is, that it
would be a tax upon the national Treasury.
On the contrary, we shall be able to show
when the time comes that for every dollar
expended by this bill five dollars will be saved
to the national Treasury.
Another objection is that it establishes a
huge standing army in this Republic. On the
contrary, it is a militia system whieh is pro-
posed by this bill, the entire control of which
will be in the hands of the local authorities,
and none of it in the hands of the Federal
Government. If there is any possibility of
devising a plan whereby we can reduce the
regular Army, it must be done through this very
militia system.
My colleague [Mr. Eldridge] has said that
they had no purpose on the other side to fili-
buster against this bill. I am sorry to say that
whatever their intention may have been during
the two morning hours that have been con-
sumed on this bill, nothing has been in fact
done except filibustering, and I have been
notified that the same thing would be continued
during the session. If I should insist, there-
fore, upon action upon this bill, the result would
bo to keep back other gentlemen who desire to
