1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bring before the House other business, without
being able myself to carry through any prac-
tical measure. I now move to recommit the
bill with the amendments to the Committee
on the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DARIEN SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported back with-
out amendment Senate joint resolution No.
149, to extend aid and facilities to citizens of
the United States engaged in the survey of a
route for a ship-canal across the Isthmus of
Darien, with a recommendation that it do pass.
The joint resolution authorizes and requests
the Secretary of the Navy to furnish such aid
and facilities to citizens of the United States
who are undertaking an exploration and sur-
vey of the isthmus of Darien for the purpose
of discovering a favorable line for a ship-ca«al
to connect the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, as
he may be able to furnish without prejudice to
the naval service and without additional ex-
pense to the Government of the United States.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is this the bill that was
referred to the committee some time ago?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. It is.
Mr. SCOFIELD. All right, I believe.
Mr. HISE. I desire to make some remarks
upon that resolution.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I would state
to the gentleman from Kentucky that this is a
Senate bill which has been considered in the
Committee on Naval Affairs and reported after
investigation without amendment. It simply
provides that the Secretary of the Navy may
afford to the persons who are making a survey
of the route across the Isthmus such assistance
as he may be able to afford them without det-
riment to the naval service and without addi-
tional expense. It involves no interference
with the other duties of the Navy, and no addi-
tional cost to the Government of the United
States. I call the previous question on the
passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof, the joint resolution was ordered
to a third reading; and it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was passed; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORT.
On motion of Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts,
the Committee on Naval Affairs was discharged
from the further consideration of bill of the
House No. 671, a bill amendatory of the act
of April, 1866, entitled "An act making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year
ending June, 30,1867and the same was laid
on the table.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was laid on
the table; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CIIAKLliSTOWX NAVY-YARD.
On motion of Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts,
the Committee on Naval Affairs was dis-
charged from the further consideration of bill
of the House No. 995, to repeal so much of
the act approved April, 17,1860, chapter forty-
five, section one, as appropriates the sum of
$25,000 for the purchase of the right of drainage
through the navy-yard at Charlestown, Massa-
chusetts ; and the same was laid on the table.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was laid
on the table; and also moved to lay motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
1401
GRADES OF LINE OFFICERS.
On motion of Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts,
the Committee on Naval Affairs was discharged
from the further consider of bill of the House
No. 917, to amend an act entitled "An act to
establish and equalize the grades of line officers
of the United States Navy," approved July
16, 1862; and the same'was laid on the table.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was laid on
the table; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHAPLAINS IN THE NAVY.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, also reported
adversely upon sundry resolutions in reference
to chaplains in the Navy; which were laid on
the table.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolutions were
laid on the table; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BOUNTY TO SEAMEN AND MARINES.
_Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill to ren-
der applicable to the seamen in the United
States Navy and to marines the provisions
relating to pensions in the act making appro-
priations for the civil expenditures, approved
July 28,_ 1866; which was read a first and
second time.
_ The bill was read. It provides that the pro-
visions of sections twelve, thirteen, fourteen,
and fifteen of the act approved July 28, 1866,
relating to additional bounty to enlisted sol-
diers, &fc., shall be, and is-hereby, made ap-
plicable to the seamen of the United States
Navy and marines; said bounties to be paid in
the same amount and subject to the same con-
ditions as provided in these sections, so far as
the same are applicable, and otherwise in
accordance With the laws regulating the pay-
ment of other bounties to seamen and marines.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
_ Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OFFICERS IN NAVY-YARDS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the same
committee, reported a bill to establish the
offices of civil engineer, master mechanic, and
master laborer in the navy-yardsof the United
States; which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It provides that the
offices of civil engineer, master machinist, mas-
ter carpenter, master joiner, master black-
smith, master boiler-maker, master plumber,
master painter, master caulker, and master
laborer be, and are hereby, established in con-
nection with the navy-yards at Kittery, Maine,
Charlestown, Massachusetts, Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, and Washington, District of
Columbia ; that the persons appointed to fill
said offices shall be appointed by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate ; and that they shall receive each a salary
of $1,500 per annum, and shall have immediate
supervision and direction of the work to be
performed in their several departments, with
authority to select and to discharge workmen,
subject always to the approval of the com-
mandant of the navy-yard to which they are
8jtt9.PllP(3
Mr. CHANLER. I would ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Rice] wherein
this bill conflicts with the established rule of
the Department at this time ?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I would state
in reply to the inquiry of the gentleman from
New York that I understand that ever since the
establishment of these navy-yards until quite
recently, the custom has been to have the posi-
tions at the heads of these several mechauical j
departments filled by civilians. !
For example, the head of the machinist's
department was a practical machinist; the
head of the carpenter's department was a prac-
tical ship-carpenter; and so through all the
other mechanical departments of the various
navy-yards. These master workmen have here-
tofore been designated by the President, as is
provided by this bill. But recently a change
has been instituted in some or all of the yards,
which dispenses with civilians at the head of
these various- departments and places the de-
partments under the direction of commissioned
officers of the Navy. For example, the ma-
chinist's department, which has a representa-
tion in nearly all the navy-yards of the country,
and the machine-shops and foundries of which
had practical machinists to superintend them,
are now under the system recently established,
and which, so far as I know, has no sanction
or authority under specific law, placed under
the charge of a naval engineer. The ship-car-
penter's department is under charge of an
assistant naval constructor, and so on through
all these various departments.
Now, this bill provides that henceforth these
positions shall be filled as they have been filled
heretofore, with the exception of a short period
recently, by the appointment of civilians, who
shall be practical mechanics, and who shall be
designated by the President and confirmed in
their positions by the Senate. And I would
further state that this bill is reported in accord-
ance with instructions of this House to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, which instruc-
tions were adopted by this House two or three
weeks since.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I would
inquire of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Rive] why the master joiner has been
omitted from this bill ?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. He is not
omitted ; all the mechanical departments, with-
out exception, are embraced in this bill.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. Has not the
master sail-maker been excepted ?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I think I may
have inadvertently omitted the master sail-
maker. If the gentleman will move an amend-
ment I will yield to him for that purpose.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I move to
amend this bill by inserting in the proper place
the words " master sail-maker."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I desire to
make another inquiry of the gentleman from
Massachusetts. I think the compensation fixed
by this bill seems to me to be inadequate.
Journeymen mechanics are now getting more
than is provided here for master mechanics.
Mr. KICE, of Massachusetts. I think not.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. Journeymen
mechanics now receive four dollars per day;
this bill provides that master mechanics shall
receive 5?1,500 a year.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. That is five
dollars a day.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. For working
days.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Will
the gentleman from Massachusetts yield to me
for a moment?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. The
practical effect of this bill is simply to take
away from the Navy Department the appro-
priations of the heads of Departments therein
named. And it proposes to give a concurrent
power to the Senate of the United States, with
the President, in appointing these officers;
thereby giving the Senate a voice in reference
to every laborer employed in each one of these
yards.
Now, it is true, as stated by the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, that the com-
mittee acted under instructions from this House.
But I do not believe the interests of the Govern-
ment will in any manner be subserved by this
change; depriving the Navy Department-of a
complete and thorough supervision over not
only the muster workmen, but also the laborers,
