TBI f 0OTORES8IONAL &LGBE.
But a singular confirmation- of the truth that
domestic competition, which is.always induced
by1 protection, actually reduces prices is found
in a recent memorial sent to the Finance Com-
mittee by some of the most .eminent railroad
men in the country. Representing the inter-
ests of their roads, and desiring of course to
pu'rchas.e steel rails as cheaply as possible,
they ask that the increased duty on steel pro-
posed by the House bill be sustained. They
state the pregnant fact that the present exten-
sive preparations to produce Bessemer steel
rails in our own country have compelled the
foreign agents to reduce the price of theirs
forty dollars per ton. But I will read the me-
morial with the names of the distinguished
gentlemen which are appended, and let them
speak for themselves:
To the Finance Committee of the Senate of the United
States:
We, the undersigned, respectfully represent—
1. That in our opinion it is highly important for
the interests of American railroad companies, and
the builders and users of American machinery, that
the business of manufacturing Bessemer steel rails,
axles, boiler-plate, forging, &c., in this country should
be commenced and carried to such an extent that, in
ease of war with a foreign Power or other contin-
gency, we may be capable of supplying our whole
domestic demand.
2. That previous to the present extensive prepa-
rations in this country for producing' Bessemer steel
rails, forgings, &e., foreign agents charged $150 per
ton in gold for the same rails that they reduced to
$110 per ton in gold when they became aware that
such preparations were being made; thus showing
the necessity for a home supply in order that the
foreign article may be obtained at a reasonable rate.
3. That we are credibly informed that large works
for manufacturing Bessemer steel for rails, forcings,
&c., are in course of erection at Troy, New York;
Harrisburg and Chester, Pennsylvania; Cleveland,
Ohio, and Detroit, Michigan; and that capable gen-
tlemen are awaiting the result of the present action
on the tariff bill before beginning to build works of
the same kind already planned, at Mott Haven, New
York; Pittsburg, Johnstown, and Bethlehem, Penn-
sylvania: Baltimore, Maryland; Cincinnati, Ohio,
and St. Louis, Missouri, which works, if built, will
more than supply the present domestic demand.
Now, therelore, we respectfully ask that the House
bill, placing two and a half cents per pound duty on
steel rails, and three and four cents per pound on
other articles of Bessemer steel of more difficult manu-
facture, be sustained; and that all steel rails con-
tracted for previous to Jyly 1, 1866, be permitted to
enter the country at the present duty of forty-five
per cent, ad valorem.
J. EDGAR THOMSON,
President Pennsylvania Railroad Co., £c.
THOS. A. SCOTT,'
Vice President Pennsylvania Hailroad Co., &c.
H. J. LOMBAERT,
Vice President Pennsylvania ltailroad Co., &c.
M. B. HICKMAN,
President Went Chester and Philadelphia, Railroad Co.
J. D. PERRY,
President XJnion Pacific Railway Co., E. D.
WM. .T. PALMER,
Treasurer Union Pacific Raihoay Co., E. D.
JOHN TUCKER, .
Philadelphia and Reading Railroad Co.
JAY COOKE, Banker.
WM. B. BIDDLE,
Vice President Lehigh Coal and Navigation Co.
S. P. ELY,
Of Marquette and Bay de Noqiiette Railroad, Mich.
EDW. MILLER,
Of Warren and Franklin Railroad.
S. M. PELTON,
President Philadelphia and Baltimore Central
Railroad, Delaware Railroad Co., and
Chester Oreek-Railroad Co.. the.
NATHL. THAYER,
Banker and Railroad Director of Michigan Cen-
tral, Hannibal and St. Joseph Raiload Co.,&c.
ISAAC HINCKLEY,
Pres't Phil'a, Wilmington, and Baltimore R. R. Co.
ERASTUS CORNING,
01"New York Central Railroad Co., &c.
W. W. LONGSl'RETH,
President Lehigh Valley Railroad Co.
FREDK, FRAILEY,
President Schuylkill Navigation Co.
CHAS. E. SMITH,
President Reading Railroad Co., &c.
J. GREGORY. SMITH.
President Vermont Central Railroad Co., &c.
J. D. CAMERON,
President Northern Central Railroad Co.
R. N. RICE,
General Superintendent
Michigan Central Railroad Co.
One other illustration, and I have done on
this point. An extensive manufacturer of iron
in Pennsylvania, in reply to some inquiries I
made, writes me as follows:
"In regard to the iron business before and since
the war we submit the following: the highest prioe
iron touched during the war was eight and a half
eents per pound for common bar. It is now four and
a bail' cents; but to compete with foreign iron must
be sold at four cents. Labor is as high as it ever was
during the past five years; and unless there is a gen-
eral decline in prices of everything that enters into
daily economy of life wo cannot bring it do^n in
anything like the. same proportion that the price of
the product has fallen.
"Another point': iron averaged during the ten
years before the war two and three fourths to three
cents per pound for common bars. Reduce our price
of five cents to gold at thirty-three per cent., and it
shows we would now sell No. 1 American iron at three
and threo fourths cents gold; and we do not fear
to predict that should even a majority of .articles
follow gold down to par iron would sympathize to a
greater extent than the above relative prices. In
some particular descriptions of iron, in hoops, sheet,
and light sizes, prices have actually been lower—
computing valuesin gold—than before thewar. Home
competition has done this; but we do not fear that;
it is the fault of the individual manufacturer if his
American rival can outstrip him."
But there is still another view of this subject.
I have already said that the imports did not
exceed ten per cent, of our consumption. In
other words, the industry of our own land sup-
plies us with ninety per cent, of our wants.
Now, suppose by an unwise system of legis-
lation you expose our manufacturers, with-
out protection, to the ruinous competition of
the cheaper labor and cheaper capital of En-
rope and thus break them down; suppose you
put out the fires of the forge and the rolling-mill,
arrest the shuttle of the weaver, and still the
music of the spindle, what will be the inevita-
ble result as to price? You thus throw upon
the workshops of Europe the demand to supply
the whole of our enormous wants. Their capa-
city is about equal to the wants pf their custom-
ers, as things now stand, and consequently the
demand when increased by the volume of your
entire wants will far exceed the supply. Then,
by the inexorable law of trade, prices must rise.
You get now the ten per cent, of your wants
cheap because you produce the other ninety
per cent. Close up your workshops and throw
your whole demand upon those of Europe and
you aid in building up the industry of other
nations upon the wreck of your own. In this
view of the case the interest of people of all
classes is promoted by protection to home in-
dustry, and that can hardly be called class legis-
lation, which, in the end, benefits all classes
and tends to develop the mighty empire which
God has given for our heritage.
But, Mr. President, the argument rests on a
much broader basis, which is, that the prosper-
ity of the manufacturing interests invariably
brings prosperity to every other department of
industry. There is harmony between the agri-
cultural, manufacturing, and commercial in-
dustry of a well-regulated nation. If I may be
allowed to use a figure, agriculture may be con-
sidered the framework and foundation of the
body-politic, as the bones and muscles and
sinews are of the body-organic; manufacturing
industry fitly represents the life blood, while
trade and commerce constitute the heart, whose
mighty pulsations send the life-giving current
through every artery and vein. As a healthful
condition of all the parts of the human body
assures a perfect development of the man, so a
healthful condition of all the departments of in-
dustry is essential to the perfect development of
a nation. If manufactures languish you cannot
have a healthful, natural condition ; for if the
blood be impoverished and the supply scanty,
the pulsation of the heart will be lessened and
weakened, and for want of a proper supply of
nourishment torpor will ensue and paralysis
will finally settle on the entire organism.
In respect to commerce, this harmony of
interests arises from the fact that our home
industry is the basis of all our prosperity. It is
a well-established fact that foreign commerce
flourishes just in proportion to the nation's
froduetive energy and power of consumption,
n a country so vast as ours, stretching from
ocean to ocean and "from the icy north to tor-
rid climes," with every variety of soil and cli-
mate, with its fertile valleys, its broad prairies,
its beautiful savannahs, its mighty rivers, and
its inland seas; its hills of gold and its moun-
tains of silver, its inexhaustible supplies of coal
and iron, the "twin sisters of civilization/'
there is no limit of wealth and pow&r of which
human thought can conceive which cannot be
reached by the industrial forces of our people
if they be aided by wise and judicious legisla-
tion. It is to the development of these great
resources, the gift of a beneficent God, that we
must look for national wealth and power and
individual prosperity and happiness. What-
ever tends to stimulate this development in-
creases the prosperity of every class.
A careful examination will show that under
our varying system of protection foreign com-
merce flourished most when the activity of the
laboring masses was the greatest, arid he is be-
hind the age in which he lives and an inat-
tentive observer of the progress of our own
and other nations who objects to the protective
policy on the ground that it -militates against
commerce. England's commercial supremacy
was acquired during a system of protection to
her manufacturing industry more rigid and effect-
ive than any ever adopted by the United States,
or than any now proposed by the most earnest
advocates of protection. Look at the figures
of the Russian empire. Herforeign commerce
shows a total movement of imports and exports
in 1822, under the free-trade policy, of but
92,065,000 roubles; while after the better sys-
tem of. protection to her manufactures, which
we are-BO positively assured militates against
commerce, had been in operation for thirty
years, the total movement showed in 1853, the
latest dates at my command, 216,605,000 rou-
bles, an increase of two hundred and fifty per.
cent. Do these figures sustain the idea that
commerce is dwarfed under the protective sys-
tem? The power to produce and the ability
to consume in a nation is what makes com-
merce, and both these conditions result when
the operatives are fuliy employed and fairly
paid. To secure these results you must pro-
tect your workingmen from the ill-paid, ill-
clad, ill-fed labor of the Old World. But if it
could be shown that this policy did somewhat
interfere with our foreign commerce, I submit
that the most ample compensation would come
from the increase of our domestic commerce.
Commerce in its full sense embraces both for-
eign and domestic, and if the loss in one branch
is more than compensated by the gain in the
other, is the nation a loser; or can it with any
propriety be said, under such a condition of
things, that commerce languishes?
In foreign commerce there is of necessity
some division of profits with the nation with
which you trade. With domestic commerce
the net results are all your own. Beside the
prosperity of a country, so far as it results
from foreign commerce, may be interrupted,
disturbed, or annihilated by. foreign legislation
or by war. The relative importance of the two
branches of commerce will be seen by a com-
parison of the movement of each, and I ask
your attention to a few figures bearing upon
this point. These figures are taken from sta-
tistical reports prepared by Mr. Delmar, the
very a"ble chief of the Bureau of Statistics con-
nected with the Treasury Department, and now
in course of publication. The entire table is
so interesting and instructive that I give it in
full, although a small portion of it only is ne-
cessary for my present line of argument:
Value in gold of the annual product of the people of the
United States—1860.
Engaged in agriculture $1,608,1363,917
Engaged in manufactures  910,699,918
[This includes all processes between
the raw material and consumption, and
thus comprises the cost of dwellings
erected, railroads and canals equipped,
home-made manufactures, &c.]
Engaged in mining    100,000,000
Engaged in fishing    12,924,092
Engaged in hunting-    2,000,000
Engaged in foresting, wood cutting, &o. 25,000,000
Engaged in domestic commerce  1,500,000,000
[This sum represents the net annual j
earnings of, or gross increase of, money
value derived from railroads, canals,
turnpikes, steamboats, vehicles, and
vessels of every description employed
in the transportation and distribution
of passengers and commodities in every -
direction within the country, including
money value of all incidental labor de-
voted thereto.]
Engaged in foreign commerce  190,000,000
Amount earriod forward..
1,355,687.957
