32
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 14,
39tii Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
companies, tlieir exertions were unavailing.
And notwithstanding all the efforts I have
made, not alone through the military force, but
through detectives, and with the hearty co-
operation of the Governor of the State, it has
been impossible to arrest the murderer. \\ ho
he is is very well known, but it is not known
whether he is skulking in the trackless swamps
of this State or has tied to some other. The
facility with which information could be com-
municated to him by his confederates in crime
has so far rendered abortive all the efforts for
his arrest. It is yet trusted that in time the
author of so atrocious a deed will receive the
punishment due to his crimes.
In the month of August ultimo the depart-
ment of Mississippi was abolished, and the
same geographical limits erected into a com-
mand, styled the district of Mississippi. The
troops in the district are now posted as follows :
five companies at Yicksburg, one company at
Natche'z, one company at Jackson, and one
company at Grenada.
The greatest possible economy has been
practiced in supplying and sheltering the troops.
The old quarters built by the soldiers during
the war have been availed for sheltering the
troops, a small amount of material only having
been purchased for the necessary repairs.
Since the '2d of April last a small ground-
rent has been paid for the ground necessarily
occupied in Yicksburg for military purposes,
but no similar disbursement is made at any
other place in the State. The number of
buildings necessarily used as offices in this
place has been reduced to the lowest possible
limit consistent with the efficient transaction
of the public business, and the rent paid
therefor is very moderate.
In the month of April the fortifications at
Yicksburg and Natchez were, in pursuance of
orders from the G eneral commanding the Army,
dismantled, and their armaments shipped to
Baton Rouge arsenal.
The duties of the troops since I have been
in command in this State have been chiefly
conservative. As the rigid administration of
equal and impartial justice to all classes of
citizens through the civil tribunals must in the
end be the safeguard of the rights of person
and property in every country not permanently
under the control of martial law, I advised all
classes of the community to resort to the civil
courts for a redress of their grievances and to
obtain their rights.
Nevertheless, all the civil functionaries of
the State, whether executive or judicial, were
informed, respectfully but firmly, that the State
laws making discrimination between citizens
on account of race or color, or that were in
opposition to the laws of the United States,
could not be enforced ; and that all prosecu-
tions or suits grovving out of events connected
with the late war were strictly prohibited. And
I am happy to record that this policy has been
successful. The higher executive and judicial
officers of the State have, as a rule, in their
actions at least, admitted the justness and pro-
priety of this decision, As a consequence no
serious conflict has occurred between the civil
and military authorities. Most of the cases
of suits or prosecutions prohibited by military
orders or the laws of the United States, and
of cases arising under the laws of the State
making discriminations on account of race or
color, have been adjusted either by equitable
decisions in the State courts, or by transfer,
under the act of Congress approved May 11,
18(5(5, to the courts of the United States. And
I think it is not going too far to gay that sub-
stantial justice is now administered throughout
the State by the local judicial tribunals to all
classes of persons, irrespective of race or color
or antecedent political opinions. It is unfor-
tunately too true that many outrages and crimes
have been committed by the vicious and crim-
inal on the weak, and that these crimes have
in many cases gone unpunished. But when it
is remembered what a terrible social, political,
; and military convulsion the nation passed
through in the war of the rebellion ; when it
is borne in mind that a vast population of
slaves was suddenly emancipated by the vio-
lence of war, and that the late .slaves now
occupy as freed people tl>e very same soil, in
the closest juxtaposition to the formerly dom-
inant class, on which the two races lived in the
relation of master and slave, it should not
perhaps be matter of surprise that so many
outrages and crimes occur and go unpunished,
but rather matter of marvel that so few occur.
Great social and political changes are not
made in a day. Time, the potential Lethe of
deep-rooted, long-standing prejudices, and dif-
fused education, the mighty elevator of the
human race, must accomplish the great re-
forms necessary to the permanent prosperity
of the white and eolored inhabitants of the
southern States.
In December last, his Excellency the Gov-
ernor of the State applied to me to consent to
a general disarming of the negroes through
the militia, in conformity with the State statute
prohibiting that class of persons from bearing
arms without a special license to do so. The
reason assigned for the proposition to disarm
the negroes was the apprehension of a negro
insurrection. Believing there was no founda-
tion in fact for the apprehension of an emeute
of the negroes, and entertaining the sincere
conviction that the State law prohibiting them
from bearing arms was unjust and unconstitu-
tional, I declined to give my assent to the pro-
posed measure. I informed the Governor,
however, that I would submit his request,
through the proper official channels, to his
Excellency the President, for his ordersin the
premises. The President's decision sustained
the position I had taken. His orders were
communicated to the Governor of the State ;
and the latter, at my request, issued an order
to the militia of the State not to attempt to
enforce the State statute prohibiting the ne-
groes from bearing arms.
In this connection I will record that the Gov-
ernor of the State has, throughout the whole
of my administration of military authority in
this State, heartily cooperated with me in all
my efforts for the complete restoration of law,
order, and prosperity among the people, and
for the enforcement of strict and impartial jus-
tice to all classes.
THE FKEED PEOPLE.
When I assumed command in this State I
found the labor question, the most important
element of prosperity in an agricultural coun-
try, entirely unsettled. The freed people, the
former laborers, and the only reliance for the
immediate supply of the great desideratum,
labor, were restless, unquiet, and indisposed
to make arrangements for continuous labor;
and the white population, especially that por-
tion desirous of engaging in cultivating the
soil, depressed, despondent, and hopeless of
securing sufficient labor to whiten the alluvial
fields of the Mississippi valley once more with
the great staple, cotton.
After taking sufficient time to inform myself
of the position of affairs and to survey the
whole field, I suggested to Brevet Brigadier
General Samuel Thomas, the then assistant
commissioner of the Bureau of Refugees,
Freed men, and Abandoned Lands for this
State, to issue a circular address to the freed
people, advising, not requiring, them to enter
into contracts to labor for the ensuing year.
This suggestion, according with General
'Thomas's convictions of the necessities of the
situation, was conformed to. and on the 31st
of December last the proposed address was
issued and widely circulated. The freed peo-
ple were advised to this course, not because of
the existence of a State statute requiring them
to make contracts to labor for a year without i
they had a license to do job-work, under the |
penalty of being treated as vagrants without I
such contract or license, (for it was announced
that the enforcement of this statute would not
be allowed.) but because by entering into the
contracts they would secure employment, a sup-
port, and homes for a year. Moreover, by enter-
ing into written contracts, made in duplicate
and duly authenticated before a civil magis-
trate, the freed people would have in their pos-
session the evidence for the enforcement of
their rights and just claims in the local courts
against delinquent employers. It was believed
this means of securing justice to the freed peo-
ple would be particularly efficacious in the rural
districts, remote, by reason of geographical
distance and diffusion, from the sphere of the
immediate surveillance of the military officials.
Still further, the freed people, under the infor-
mation and influence of designing and incen-
diary persons, had been drugged into the belief
that the paramount Government would, on the
approaching Christmas or New Year's day,
divide among them the lands and other prop-
erty of the country. It was hence necessary
to impress them with the sublime trulhs that
freedom is not licentiousness ; that it does not
mean the right to do nothing and be supported
by charity, whether national or individual; and
that it is the duty of every human creature,
{lossessed of the capacity, to work for his or
ler own support.
The beneficial effect of the address was soon
apparent. Complaints from persons wishing
to employ negroes to labor for the year, that
they would not enter into labor contracts, were
soon heard no more.
And I will here express my deliberate judg-
ment that the contract system is the best, both
for the employer and the employed. This con-
viction is derived from the close observation
and minute experience of the operations siiire
I have been in command in this State. It is
true I have received some complaints from
employers that their hired freed people have
not worked well; on the other hand, I have
received complaints from the freed people that
they were defrauded of their wages ; but the
opinion is hazarded that these complaints,
whether coming from employers or employed,
constitute exceptional cases, and that the grand
bulk of employers and employed have, to the
profit of both parties and the advantage of the
whole country, honestly and faithfully acknowl-
edged the sacreduess of the obligations of theii
contracts, and fairly carried out the stipulations
of the same. It is therefore suggested that the
negroes be advised to continue the contract, sys-
tem till they are able to purchase or lease land.
In the latter part of April General Samuel
Thomas was relieved from duty as the assistant
commissioner of the Bureau of Refugees, l'reed-
men, and Abandoned Lands in this State, and
I was ordered to perform the duties of that
office. The opinion is ventured that the con-
solidation of the duties of tho^pilitary com-
mander and the assistant commissioner in the
hands of the same person for one State or goo-
graphical military command is a wise arrange-
ment, and will be found to be promotive of the
public interest.
Several of the statute laws of this State in
reference to the negroes are very objectionable.
I will specially designate a few that seem to be
most open to objection.
The statute makes the negro a competent
witness in all cases in which one or both of the
parties litigant are negroes; it therefore fullv
protects the rights of the negroes. But if both
the parties litigant in any case are white per-
sons, the negro is not a competent witness.
Since the negro is a competent witness, eithA-
for the prosecution or defense, in cases in
which a white person is either plaintiff or de-
fendant and the other party a negro, no reason
can be perceived why the colored person
should not be a competent witness when both
parties are white persons. It is true this stat-
ute does not injure the rights of person or prop-
erty of the negroes, but it does work great
