638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
January 22,
Amount brought forward $4,355,587,95?
[This sum represents the net annual
earnings or gross increase of money
value derived from exchanging prod-
ucts with foreign countries, that is from
foreign imports and exports, and from
the carrying to and fro of passengers.]
Engaged in impri ving the face of the
country and subjuing to the purposes
of society  2,400,000,000
licis sum represents the yearly in- ,
crease of Hie value of lands and other
immovable propert > newly brought un-
der cultivation or improved, and com-
prise tho "permanent ways" of rail-
roads and canals, and indeed all real
property.]
86,755,587,957
RECAPITULATION.
Agrbulture   
Manufactures 
Mining 
Fishing 
Hunting 
Foresting 
Domestic commerce 
Foreign commerce..
$1,608,963,917
. 916,699.948
, 100,000,000
. 12,924,092
2,000,000
. 25,000,000
. 1,500,000,000
190,000,000
Internal improvements  2,400,000,000
Total gold raluo $6,755,587,957
Same reduced to currency at 140, esti-
mate for 1866 ..89,457,828,139
Of the $6,755,000,000 (gold value) produced
in 1860, $6,000,000,000 were consumed during
the same time, leaving a surplus or annual gain to
the people's combined wealth of $755,000,000.
As the product of 1866 was about the same
in gold value as that of 1860, and the surplus
of course the same, the latter amounted in cur-
rency in I860 at 140 for gold to ยง1,057,000,000;
and of this amount $561,000,000 in currency
was paid to the Government in the form of
taxes.
These figures are not only interesting and
instructive in their detail, but the grand total
of the people's earnings iu currency ($9,457,-
823,139) almost surpasses belief, and induces
the thought that the human mind is scarcely
capable of conceiving the vastness of the ma-
terial resources of the nation when the energy
and enterprise of our people shall have been
fully developed. And if the premises upon
which the table is made and the conclusions
drawn therefrom be correct, the astounding
fact is developed that the industry of the nation
paid during the year 18G5 in taxes to the Gov-
ernment more than half of the net profits of
the whole people.
But my chief purpose in producing this table
is to show the immense volume of our domestic
commerce and to draw therefrom a compari-
son of it with the results of our foreign com-
merce, in confirmation of my assertion-tliat our
domestic commerce far outstrips our foreign
in importance to the nation, $1,500,000,000
against $190,000,000. Think of it, and tell me
whether I am extravagant in saying that in
view of such figures our foreign commerce sinks
into comparative insignificance. The Ameri-
can system, by giving activity and volume to
our domestic trade, assures the increasing
development and onward progress of our
domestic commerce.
Having thus seen, by an examination of the
history of other nations and by the results in
our own, that there is no real antagonism to
commerce in the encouragement we propose to
manufactures, it only remains on this branch
of the subject to inquire whether the system
of protection is in harmony with tho agricult-
ural interest of our country, confessedly the
most important element of our national wealth.
The advocates of the free-trade theory have
employed their most subtle arguments in the
attempt to prove that there is an antagonism
between the manufacturing and agricultural
interests of our country, but I am sure that an
honest and faithful examination of the subject
will show that such an antagonism exists only
in their imagination.
The argument that import duties are a direct
tax upon the consumer, without any compen-
satory benefit, which, if true, would fall most
heavily on agriculture, I have already at-
tempted to answer in the course of these
remarks and I but restate what I have said,
when I assert that the soundest of the recent I
writers upon political economy, and especially
those of our own country, deny the truth of
this assertion, and thatthey are sustained by a
rigid examination of the facts and a careful
comparison of results under different systems.
I admit that British writers on political econ-
omy who assume the hypothesis of free trade
have occupied the field for more than half a
century, but the unsoundness of their theory
has been shown, not only by the close reason-
ing of later writers, but also by its rejection
as a rule of practice by the wisest practical
statesmen of all highly prosperous countries.
Napoleon the Great is reported by Las Casas
to have said:
"Duties which were so severely condemned by
political economists should not, it is true, bo an ob-
ject to the treasury: they should be the guarantee
and protection of a nation and should correspond
with the nature and objects of its trade. Holland,
which is destitute of productions and manufactures,
and which has a trade only of transit and commerce,
should be free of all fetters and barriers. France, on
the contrary, which is rich in^very sort of production
and manufactures, should incessantly guard against
the importations of a rival who might still continue
to be superior to her, and also against the cupidity,
egotism, and indifference of mere brokers. I have
not fallen into the error of modern systematizers who
imagine that all the wisdom of nations is centered
in themselves. Experience is the true wisdom of
nations, and what does all the reasoningof the econ-
omists amount to ?"
At another time this extraordinary man,
when discussing the theories of political econ-
omists, is reported to have said :
"If an empire wore made of adamant political
economists would grind it to dust."
For myself I prefer to accept the practical
wisdom of this great man rather than the
speculations of Adam Smith and Say and their
disciples.
If, then, it has been shown by practical re-
sults that, taking a series of years, prices are
cheapened rather than advanced by protection
to home manufactures, by stimulating home
competition, and that there is harmony with
instead of antagonism to all the great inter-
ests of our country, the foundation upon which
the free trade hypothesis is built is destroyed,
and the whole fabric falls.
Bat suppose, for the sake of argument, that
the money price of an article was advanced to
the extent of the duties imposed, it does not
follow that it is actually dearer to the con-
sumer. Full employment to the laborer in-
creases his power to buy and consume; and
agriculture confessedly supplies a large part of
his wants. The artisan who makes the plow,
the ax, the mower, or the reaper, whether he
does it in England or America, must be fed. If
ho be an American artisan the more fully you
keep him employed the greater his ability to
purchase your products. He must of necessity
have bread, and he must therefore be a cus-
tomer for what the farmer has to sell. While
he has been employed in making the ax for
the farmer the farmer has been producing the
bread for him. He takes your bushel of wheat
in pay for the ax he has made for you. Now,
before you can decide whether the farmer has
actually given more for the ax than one of
foreign manufacture would have cost him with
the duty imposed, you must settle the question
whether more or less than a bushel of wheat is
required to procure the ax from a foreign work-
shop, and pay the importer's profit, the cost of
transportation, and the duties levied upon it by
Government. Now, the home laboring classes
comprise the great body of the farmer's cus-
tomers, and if they be fully employed and fairly
paid, their ability to purchase is increased and
the demand for agricultural products is in-
creased, resulting in an advance in prices,
which is tho usual result of active markets. If
they be not employed, the surplus population
which can no longer find means of liviag in
factories will be driven to the cultivation of the
land and thus become the farmer's competitors
instead of his customers.
But, Mr. President, the harmony of interests
which exists between agriculture and manu-
factures, and the truth of the position I have
taken, are clearly shown by actual results. I
am sure the Senate will excuse me if I draw
an illustration from personal observation in
my own mercantile life. Twenty years ago
last autumn I embarked in the trade in bread-
stuffs Jn the city of Philadelphia. At that
time, and for some succeeding years, the entire
volume of my business was made up of con-
signments of agricultural products from the
valleys of the Susquehanna, the Juniata, and
the Lehigh. I have not the figures at com-
mand, but I am sure I speak within bounds
when I say that my own house and the four or
five others doing business from the same points
must have received from this quarter four to
five million bushels of cereals per annum.
Philadelphia is still the natural market for the
surplus product of this territory, but for some
years past there have not been consignments
enough received from that entire section to
realize commissions sufficient to pay the salary
of a receiving clerk. Do you ask, has pro-
duction fallen off? I answer, no; on the con-
trary, it has increased, but the whole line of
these valleys has been dotted with furnaces and
forges and rolling-mills and saw-mills and fac-
tories and workshops, filled with operatives,
and the consumer of agricultural products has
been brought to the farmer's doors. He now
finds a readier market for his products at home
at prices equal to those ruling on the sea-board,
of which he avails himself and thus saves all
the cost of transportation and factorage, equal
at average prices to about twenty per cent.
Nay, more, sir, my own firm has frequently
within the past few years sold and shipped to
the millers in one of these valleys, that in
which the iron interest has been most devel-
oped, the Lehigh, wheat drawn from Michi-
gan, Illinois, Wisconsin, and Iowa to supply
the deficiency in the consumptive want. And
these products of the prairies of the West
were sold, too, at a price far in excess of what
could have been realized by exportation to any
country on the face of the globe. As a conse-
quence of this state of things land has risen
in value through all this section, and farms
that could have been bought fifteen or twenty
years ago at forty or fifty dollars per acre are
now salable at one hundred and fifty or two
hundred dollars per acre. Villages have grown
to be towns, and towns have grown to be cilies,
agriculture and manufactures have clasped
hands and prosperity reigns.
In further confirmation of the view that ac-
tivity and prosperity in manufactures is favor-
able to the agricultural industry of the nation,
I submit the following extract from a letter
written by D. J. Morell, Esq., of the Cambria
Iron Works, Johnstown, Pennsylvania:
" The Cambria Iron Works make* a market indi-
rectly for an immense deal of produce which I can-
not pretend to trace. They have created and they
sustain the population and diversified industries of
the city of Johnstown, which would be nothing with-
out them."
In the following table he shows the sources
from which this demand is supplied:
Estimated production of rails by the Cambria Iron
Works for the present year, ending October 31, 1S67.
Tons.
New 40,000
Rerolled, 10,000 tons, to new 5,000
Total 45.000
Expended in living by workmen, 865 per
ton for 45,000 tons is   v ....$2,925,000
Which, as per foregoing estimates, is dis-
tributed as follows:
Paid to western farmers $1,050,750
Paid to southern farmers  319,050
Paid to local farmers  217,800
Paid to foreign farmers  175,500
Total to agriculture 1,76^100
Paid to western manufacturers  102,500
Paid to southern manufacturers  79,200
Paid toloealand eastern manufac-
turers  616,950
Paid to foreign manufacturers  81,000
Total to manufacturers  880,650
Paid to purposes not connected with agricul-
ture or manufacturers    281,250
$2,925,009
