1402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
and transferring that responsibility tgthc Pres-
ident and the Senate of the United States.
Neither do I believe that the Senate of the
United States desire to have in their official
capacity any voice or control over the laborers
in the navy-yards. * Yet this is nothing more
nor less, and the country and the people will so
understand it, than a plan to accomplish the
turning of people out of the navy-yards, and
the substitution of others who may perhaps
be the more supple tools of this Congress. I
hope the bill will not "pass, and I'shall ask the
yeas and nays on its passage.
Mr. RIGE, of Massachusetts. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] is mistaken
in his statement that the design of this bill is
to take the appointment of those officers from
the Navy Department, or to take their appoint-
ment away from the authority now empowered
to appoint them. These officers are now sub-
ject to appointment by the President of the
United States, and this bill retains the same
provision, with the simple addition that their
appointments shall be subject to confirmation
by the Senate.
Mr. LYNCH. Will not the gentleman yield
for an amendment?
Mr. EICE, of Massachusetts. I cannot. I
have reported the bill under instructions of the
committee, and I cannot accept any amendment.
Mr. CHANLER. With the consent of the
the gentleman from Massachusetts, I desire to
make an inquiry.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I will hear
the gentleman.
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to learn before
the vote is taken what is to be the practical
effect of this bill, if passed; wherein it will
change the present organization of the navy-
yards of the country. I would like to ask him
whether practically it is going to turn out the
present occupants of the yards? Is it the
intention to open a new door for the distribu-
tion of patronage? We all know that practi-
cally the patronage of these yards has been
used for the benefit of certain persons, not for
the benefit of the Navy nor for the benefit of
the Government. It has been used for the
benefit of persons voting in a particular way.
If the gentleman takes the ground that this bill
will put an end to the corrupt system of pat-
ronage now prevailing to so great an extent in
our navy-yards that they are almost worthless
for the purposes for which they were estab-
lished, so that the work which should be done
at those yards must be put out in the neighbor-
ing yards belonging to private parties, then I
ask the gentleman why ho does not strike
deeper and present some measure for organiz-
ing a system whereby the daily iabor at those
yards will inure to the benefit of the Govern-
ment, and not to the advantage of a political
organization.
Mr. RdCE, of Massachusetts. In reply to
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cuanlur]
J will say that that is just the object of this
bill. I call the previous question.
Mr. BANKS. I ask my colleague to yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I will do so.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I regard this
as a most important measure and not at all
amenable to the objection made to it by the
gentlemen on the other side. This is a bill
not to change the law, but to prevent an unau-
thorized departure from the true intent of the
Jaw by subordinate officers in these yards.
1 his custom of the Government almost from
time immemorial has been that these mechan-
ical departments should be under the admin-
istration of civilians learned in the respective
occupations or trades which they are called
to superintend. Very recently, without any
authority of law, but really in contravention
of the law, commissioned officers have been
charged with the superintendence of the me-
chanics and laborers in these yards. This
hill is to put an end to this practice and reaf-
firm the law as it has existed from the begin-
ning of the Government. I hope the bill will
be passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I now insist
on the call for the .previous question.
Mr. LYNCH. I hope the previous question
will not be seconded. I wish to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. LE BLOND. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Rice] yield to me for a
single remark ?
Mr. RIGE, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
As the gentleman is one of my colleagues on
the committee I yield to him.
Mr. LE BLOND. I simply wish to say to the
House, as one member of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, that I have yet to learn why we
should pass this bill. I think no information
has been given to the House that the mechan-
ics in the navy-yards have been turned out and
other persons put in their places. I am aware
that a resolution was introduced here instruct-
ing the Committee on Naval Affairs to take
action on this matter and report a bill of the
character of that now pending. But I know
no reason for the change. If in some navy-
yards the course stated has been pursued, I am
free to say that I think it is improper. I think
that practical mechanics ought to behad at the
head of all these departments. But I know
nothing of any facts calling for the passage of
this bill. I do not know that any petition has
been presented here setting forth the facts
stated in debate here.
If the chairman knows of any I would be
glad to have him state the fact, where they
exist, in what different yards.
Mr. PIKE. I appeal to the gentleman from
Massachusetts to allow my colleague to move
his amendment, so that when he calls the pre-
vious question the House can take a vote on it.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I yield for
that purpose.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to add " naval store-
keepers" to the other officers named.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I now renew
the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, called for
tho yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 33, not vote
ing 01; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alloy, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, Jataes M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter,
Beainan, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blow, Bout-
well, Brandogee, Bromwell, Broomall, Cobb,Darling,
Dawos, Dofroes, Dernmg, Dodge, Donnelly, Eliot,
Karnsworth, Kerry, Grinnell, Griswold, Abner C.
Harding, Hawkins, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill,
Hooper, Ilotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hub-
bard, John II. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd,
Kellcy, Kelso, Iteteham, Koontz, Kuykendall, George
V. Lawronee, William Lawrence, Loan, Longyoar,
Lynch, Marvin, Maynard, McClurg, Melndoo, Mc-
Keo, Mereur, Miller, Moorhead, Morris, Moulton,
Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Pcrhani,
Pike, Plants, Price, Raymond, Alexander II. Rice,
Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofiold. Shellabarger,
Spalding, Starr, Thayer, John L. Thomas, Thornton,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Ilorn, Henry D. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Whaley, Williams, James F.
Wilson, and Stephen F. Wilson—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Bergen, Boyer, Campbell,
Chanler, Cooper, Dawson, Denison, Eldvidge, Fmck,
Glossbrenner, Goodyoar, Aaron Harding, Harris,
Hise, Humphrey, Lo Blond, Marshall, McCullough,
Nicholson, Noell, Radford, Samuol J. Randall,
Rogers, Ross, Shanklin, Sitgrcaves, Strouse, Taber,
Trimble, Andrew H. Ward, Winfield, and Wright—33.
NOT VOTING-—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Baker,
Barker, Blaine, Buckland, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Culver, Da-
vis, Delano, Dixon, Drigecs, Dumont, Eokley, Eggles-
ton, Farauhar, Garfield, Hale, Hart. Hogan, Holmes,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Hunter, In-
go;-soll, Jenekes, Jones, Julian. Kasson, Kerr, Lafiin,
Latham, Leftwich, Marston, MeRuer, Morrill, Nib-
lack, Paine, Phelps, Pomeroy, William H. Randall,
John JI. Riee, Hitter, Rousseau, Sloan, Stevens, Stil-
well, Stokes, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor,
Francis Thomas, Hamilton Ward, Warner, Blihu
B. Washburne, Wentworth, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—fit.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was 'p^oo^,
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill and joint resolution.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill and joint
resolution of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the. same:
An act (H. R. No. 356) fixing the compen-
sation for the bailiffs and criers of the courts
of the District of Columbia; and
■ Joint resolution (H. R. No. 261) for the
relief of Stephen E. Jones.
ridgway's battery.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported back Senate
bill No. 290, authorizing the Secretary of the
Navy to grant the use of guns for the use of
Ridgway's "battery, with the recommendation it
do pass. ■
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the
Navy to grant the use of two eleven-inch guns
for trial of Ridgway's patent revolving battery.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
the kbarsarge.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the same
committee, reported a bill to compensate the
officers and crew of the United States steamer
Kearsarge, for the destruction of the rebel
piratical vessel Alabama; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the
Navy be authorized and directed to pay to
Commodore John A. Winslow and the officers
and crew belonging to the United States
steamer Kearsarge while engaged in the cap-
ture and destruction of the rebel piratical ves-
sel the Alabama, on June 19, 1864, the sum
of $190,000, the same being the estimated
value thereof; the same to be distributed to
the officers and crew attached to the Kearsaige
at the date above named, in the same manner
as prize money, and to be in lieu of the bounty
authorized by the eleventh section of the act
of June 30, 1864, to regulate prize proceed-
ings, &c.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does not that bill
make an appropriation, and must it not there-
fore, under the rule, go to the Committee of
the Whole?
The SPEAKER. It does not make an ap-
propriation.
Mr. SPALDING. Have we not voted this
down once or twice before ?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Not this one.
Mr. SPALDING. Then something similar
to it.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker,
it may be proper I should say, in explanation
of this bill, a few words. I will not detain
the House by any recital of the brilliant ex-
ploit of the Navy in the engagement between
the Kearsarge and the Alabama, which re-
sulted in the destruction of the latter vessel.
It will always stand in American annals as one
of the most gallant and heroic achievements
of tho American Navy.
The necessity for this bill arises from the fact
of the magnitude of the service rendered to the
commerce of this country and to the general
interests of this country in the destruction of
the rebel eorsair Alabama. Gentlemen will
remember that at the time this fight took place
our commerce was being rapidly driven from
the sea by corsairs fitted out by foreign Powers
under the rebel flag, that all the efforts of the
Navy up to the time of the engagement between
the Kearsarge and Alabama to capture any one
of these corsairs had been unavailing, that the
Kearsarge fell in with the Alabama in the Brit-
ish channel in the very place of all others where
we would have desired that such an action
should have taken place, and that after one of
the most brilliant and heroic conflicts in the
annals of naval warfare the corsair was utterly
