1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
33
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of War.
39tii Cong....2d Sess.
injury and inconvenience to the white inhabit-
ants. A* the law now stands, the negro can
use the testimony of the members of the col-
ored race, as al-o the evidence of white people,
in all cas"s in which his ricrhts are in litigation ;
but in matters of litigation between two white
persons neither of the parties can use negro
testimony, though it may be the only evidence
available in the case. A white person can use
the testimony of the negro only in case a negro
is a party to the suit.
The statute prohibiting the colored people
from bearing arms, without a special license,
is unjust, oppressive, and unconstitutional.
One of the courts of the State lias decided the
law to be unconstitutional, while another has
maintained its constitutionality.
The law prohibiting the negroes from pur-
chasing or leasing real estate except in corpo-
rate towns or cities is impolitic and unconsti-
tutional. The effect of it is to drive the negroes
in large numbers, into the towns, where they
suffer from idleness, vice, and disease; whereas
if they were allowed to acquire homes in the
country they would become useful, contented,
and happy laborers. The constitution of this
State, as amended in 1865, invests the negro
wilh the right to acquire and hold property
without any qualitication or limitation as to the
kind or character of the property. It is hence
impossible to perceive what authority the Le-
gislature of the State possesses to limit this
constitutional boon. Moreover, this statute
conflicts directly with the undoubted constitu-
tional right of every citizen, whether white or
black, to alienate every species of property he
owns, whether real or personal, in any way,
or to any other person, without distinction of
color, that may be agreeable to the interest or
disposition of the proprietor.
The statute requiring all negroes to make
a contract on or before the 10th day of Janu-
ary of each year, or to obtain a license to
do job-work, is unjust, oppressive, and uncon-
stitutional.
The Constitution of the United States, as
well as the constitution of this State, prohibits
forever slavery or involuntary servitude.
If the negroes are required by a statutory
enactment to obtain a license to do job-work,
make a contract to labor for the year, or be
exposed to arrest, fine, and" imprisonment, it
would seem the constitutional gift is not much
more than a name.
It is trusted that subsequent legislation will
remove these objectionable acts from the stat-
ute-book, or that they will become obsolete.
A slow but gradual amelioration of feeling
and abatement of prejudice toward the negroes
are observable among the white population of
the State. tite cuors.
The soal products in this State for the cur-
rent year are almost a total failure. The
spring, even the commencement of the
summer, was wet, cold, and unpropitious.
The summer was excessively dry and fiercely
hot. The excessive heat withered, hopelessly,
the corn crop, and injured the co'ton. The
worm, the most fatal of all the enemies of the
cotton planl, made its appearance in the latter
part of the summer and early autumn, and mer-
cilessly ravaged the cotton fields.
, The most reliable information in my posses-
sion goes to show that the corn grown in the
State will not feed the people until the 1st day
of .January, and that the cotton made will not
repay the cost of production. The people have
no the breadstuff to support them until another
crop can be made, nor the money to buy it with.
Bu; bread they must have. hence is it to
come? Abundance has crowned the agricult-
ural labor of the great Northwest during the
present year. 'Thence, it would seem, the sup-
ply must be drawn, either by'private charity or
Government bounty, or both, to relieve the
coming want of this people.
national cemktreies.
Negotiations have been concluded for the site
in Coxa. 2d Sess.---No. :>.
of a national cemetery near Yicksburg. and the
preliminary steps have been taken to secure a
site for a similar purpose near Natchez. Al-
ready the work of removing the bodies of the
soldiers who fell in the defense of the country
to the former site has been commenced, and
will be pushed as rapidly as the means at dis-
posal will permit; but the small sum allowed
for the removal of the bodies and for the prep-
aration of the cemetery makes the work neces-
sarily slow.
It is respectfully suggested that, as many
of the graves of the soldiers who were buried
near the margin of the Mississippi river are
being obliterated and destroyed by the fluviatic
changes, abundant means should be at once
allowed for the work of preparing the ceme-
teries and removing the bodies to their final
resting-place.
The State, and especially this city, was vis-
ited by a severe epidemic of cholera in August
and September.
I have briefly sketched the leading events
of my administration of this command, and
attempted to present a faithful picture of its
general condition.
The stated reports of my staff officers to the
chiefs of staff bureaus at military division and
department headquarters, hitherto regularly
made, have furnished information ofthe minute
administration of affairs.
I hav3 the honor to be, General, very re-
spectfully, your obedient servant,
THOMAS J. WOOD,
Brevet Major General U. S. A., Commanding.
Brevet Brigadier General W. D. Whipple,
Assistant. Adjutant General and Chief of
Staff, Department of the Tennessee.
Headquarters
Military District of Kentucky,
Louisville, Kentucky, l.%0.
Sin: Tn compliance with instructions from
headquarters department of the Tennessee, I
have the honor to transmit the following report
of the operations of the military forces under
my command in this State since assuming
command of the department of Kentucky, April
24, I860, in obedience to Special Orders of the
War Department No. 172, dated April 1C>, 18('>fi:
The military force in the department on the
date of my assuming command consisted of
eight companies of the second United States
infantry, the twelfth Urated States colored
heavy artillery, and the one hundred and nine-
teenth United States colored infantry; the two
latter regiments under orders for muster out
of service. The dUbandment of these regi-
ments was accomplished by the 1st of May.
leaving but eight -companies of the second
United Stales infantry within the limits of the
State subject to my command. These troops
were stationed as follows: one company at
Camp Nelson—a few days afterward, on the
breaking up of this post, it was ordered to
Lexington, where it has remained since two
companies at Jeffersonville, Indiana, guarding
public property and buildings at that place;
the remaining five companies in the city of
Louisville, performing guard duty at the dif-
ferent headquarters, guarding public buildings
and property.
About the middle of July a detachment of
recruits sufficient to reorganize the two com-
panies necessary to fill up the regiment to ten
companies were received, and the companies
reorganized at this place.
About the middle of June the department
of Kentucky was abolished, and the State of
Kentucky reduced to a district command. The
necessary reduction of my staff, clerks, order-
lies, &c., was promptly made; a proportionate
reduction of quarters was also immediately
matte. In obedience to orders from the War
Department, dated in the early na«t of June, I
assumed the additional duties of assistant com-
missioner of the Bureau of Refugees, Freed-
men. and Abandoned Lands, relieving Brevet
Brigadier General John Ely, Veteran Reserve
corps, who had for some months past been in
charge of the bureau of affairs in this State.
Since_ the union of the bureau duties with
the military under the district commanders,
the management and operations of both are
so nearly connected that I have thought it best,
in order to give the commanding general a
more comprehensive report of the affairs, to
append to this in full my report of the opera-
tions of the bureau recently made and for-
warded to the Commissioner at Washington;
\ it is attached and respectfully submitted,
j During the succeeding few months a more
tranquil state of affairs existed in Kentucky
than the State had probably enjoyed for some
years past, but as the political contest pro-
j grossed considerable bitterness of feeling sprang
up between the contending parties. The elec-
tion, however, generally passed off quietly,
j Tlie_ party known as the rebel sympathizers
j carried the State in August last by a large
I majority, electing men, in most cases, to office
whose sympathies were known to have been
i in favor of the rebellion throughout the war,
| and in many instances returned rebel soldiers
| were elected.
i Bands of "guerrillas" and " negro regulat-
1 ors'' soon increased in numbers and audacity,
and many lawless acts have been perpetrated
by them upon the defenseless and unoffending
citizens, both white and black. The increase
of robbery and lawlessness, and the ineffectual
measures taken by the civil authorities to sup-
press these bands, rendered it my duty to offer
to the citizens more protection from the mili-
tary than I had before found necessary.
In Gallatin and surrounding counties these
bands became so formidable and bold in com-
mitting their robberies that I was compelled
to send, about the 1st September last, a com-
pany of troops to Warsaw, also Bowling Green
and Paducah, for the protection of the people.
These troops still occupy their camps at these
places, and judging from the present state of
affairs it will be necessary to continue their
presence there.
From these posts small detachments of men
are sent out as necessity requires to protect the
agents of the bureau, and make arrests of des-
peradoes. I have allowed no arrests of citizens
to be made except where it was manifest that
the civil authorities failed or refused to take
action, and then only on, affidavits previously
taken showing conclusively the identity and
guilt ofthe parties. All parties arrested up to
this date except five have been turned over to
the civil courts for trial after a few days' im-
prisonment : these five prisoners have been in
confinement only a few days, are now awaiting
the demand ofthe United States marshal to be
so turned over. These parties have generally
been turned over to the United States district
court of this State, the only court in the State
within my knowledge that will admit the testi-
mony of colored witnesses against accused white
parties. For further particulars on this sub ject
I would respectfully refer to the accompanying
report of the bureau affairs. [See General
Howard's report.]
The general health of the troops lias been
good ; the discipline andefficiency all that could
be expectcd ordesired under the circumstances.
The most important post within the district
is the city of Louisville : this has been well
and efficiently commanded by Brevet Brigadier
General Sidney Burbank.
My stall' has been so much changed by mus-
ter out of service and other causes that it is
difficult to give a detailed account of the duties
performed by them.
It affords me pleasure to report that these
duties have been well and promptly performed.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JEFF. C. DAVIS.
Brevet Major General Commanding.
General W. D. Whipple,
Assistant Adjutant General.
