1867.
THE OOISrGrEESSIOJSrAL GLOBE.
Percentages of distribution, (in order.)
To western farmers     35
To eastern and local manufacturers 21
To southern farmers  11
To local agriculturist .7.  9
To foreign agriculturist  6
To western manufacturer  3
To southern manufacturer  3
To foreign manufacturer  3
To local purposes  9
Total   J100
He adds:
" One thingyou will p;y"ticul:irly observe. It may
seem that in distributing the agricultural products
consumed by workmen I have not accordcd enough
to the locality of the works. I feel certain that I have
given too much. So far as the Cambria Iron Com-
pany are concerned the local supply of agricultural
products, though large, is almost imperceptible. It
does not nearly sustain the other industries created
by the works, but having no dependence upon them
other than the works, are as necessary to their exist-
ence as the shining of the sun."
It has been well said :
" Protective duties do not press heavily upon the
agriculture of a country. By the development of
manufacturing industry.the wealth, population,con-
sumption of agricultural products, and exchangeable
value of real estate are vastly increased, while the
manufacturer's products consumed by farmers gradu-
ally fall in price. Agriculture and manufacturing
industry united in the same nation, under the same
political power, live in perpetual peace 1 They are
disturbed in their reciprocal action neither by war
nor foreign legislation. They insure to a nation the
continual development of its prosperity, civilization,
and power."
Antagonism between agricultures and man-
ufactures ! Protective duties, a class legislation
to favor the opulent manufacturers and to
oppress the hardy sons of toil! No, no. If
charges must be made, we retort that this is but
the clamor of those who would have you legis-
late in favor of the industrial interests of other
nations, and I submit that it is the duty as well
as the high privilege of the Congress of the
United States to legislate for the interests of
this nation.
I submit to the gentlemen who so worthily
represent the great agricultural States of the
West that the adoption of the American sys-
tem and a faithful adherence to the principles
upon which it is based is the true interest of
tneir great and growing empire. The fertile
prairies of the West crown the labors of the
husbandman with the rich reward of abundant
harvests, and our noble water-courses and
inland seas and magnificent system of rail'
ways enable him to deliver from his abundance
to all parts of our widely-extended country.
All that is needed to bring prosperity to this
class is a steady demand for their products.
Encourage manufacturing industry and you
increase the number of those who consume
your products and add to their ability to buy.
All the world over, as a rule, the home cus-
tomer is the best; his want is steady, constant,
sure, and gives you an unfailing market; while
the foreign demand, which is insignificant at
best, is fitful and contingent, liable at any
moment to be interrupted by war or paralyzed
by adverse foreign legislation.
The only nation of importance which does
not produce food sufficient for its own consump-
tion is Great Britain, while the great nations
which lie near her—Russia, France, and Ger-
many—have a surplus to export. The total
annual want of Great Britain is about five mil-
lion quarters, say about forty million bushels.
Now, the annual production of wheat and corn
in the United States is shown by the census
reports to be about one thousand million
bushels. If, then, Great Britain were to take
from us the whole quantity of her deficit it
would only be four per cent, of our crop.
But Russia, Prance, and Germany compete
with us for this trade, and the result is that we
furnish but a small part of the want. The
special commissioner of revenue, Mr. Wells,
in his recent report, says:
"Of the value of the whole agricultural products
of the country, excluding cotton, rice, and sugar, only
two and three fourths per cent, was estimated to have
been exported,.leaving ninety-seven and one fourth
per cent, for the home market and consumption."
Under the depression resulting from the low
tariff of 1846, after the spasmodic rise occa-
sioned by the Irish famine of that year had
snbsidedj prices of breadstuffs declined, and,
with not the slightest demand for export, prime
winter wheat sold in Philadelphia as low as
seventy-five cents per bushel, a price which
would hardly leave the producer in Iowa and
Wisconsin forty cents per bushel. If you
destroy manufacturing interests and drive the
operatives from the workshop to the cultivation
of the field, where are you to find a market for
your agricultural products at remunerative
prices?
A recent writer has said:
" Chicago alone often s«nds off in ten days more
-grain-and flour than England has taken from us each
year, on an average, for twenty years past; and the
grain export from that city in a single day often ex-
ceeds what England has bought of us for a whole
year."
In the course of a speech made in Boston
by J. W. Brooks, Esq., president of the Michi-
gan Central railroad, he said:
" W ewant amorjs steady and reliable market for the
produceof thcgreatfood-producingregion. Its power
of production has hardly begun to be developed; but
even now it is often without a market for its prod-
ucts. The natural buyers of surplus food are the
manufacturers, and the great body of them live too
far away from us. England does not import food
from this country till she has exhausted those nearer
home, which usually supply nearly all she requires.
Estimating the growers' portion of the price received
at twenty-five cents for corn and eighty cents for
wheat, the export of breadstuffs for the last eighteen
years has yielded to the growers an average of about
thirteen million dollars per annum, rising as high as
$34,800,000, and falling as low as $860,000 per annum—
some years more than forty times as great as others—
yielding to the nation a maximum of but a little
over one dollar per head, and sometimes falling
below three cents. This is too insignificant at best,
and too unreliable at all times for so important an
interest in our national economy."
. Sir, whatever may be the fact in regard to
other nations, with us there is unquestionably
a harmony of interest between these great
sources of our national wealth—agriculture,
commerce, manufactures. Our fathers grouped
them on our national shield in loving accord,
emblematic of unity of interest; and all the
subtle sophistry of British writers and the spe-
cious arguments of British statesmen, and the
clamorous, selfish demands of British manu-
facturers, will never shake my faith in the
conviction that they are those whom God has
joined together at the altar of our common
country, and no man may put them asunder.
And such is the opinion of the people I have
the honor in part to represent in this Chamber.
New Jersey speaks on this subject through
her worthy Governor, distinguished no less
for his practical statesmanship than for his
steadfast devotion to the cause of our country
in her hour of peril, and his unceasing efforts
to minister to the wants of our brave defend-
ers and their families. Governor Ward, in
his annual message to the Legislature of New
Jersey, which convened a few days ago, says:
" There is another subject of great interest to the
nationinthe question of properly protecting its cap-
ital and industry. We were enabled to pass through
four years of a sanguinary and costly war, the mag-
nitude of whichis now scarcely realized, by the sim-
ple development of our natural resources. Letthese
resources be steadily fostered and protected and we
shall continue to prosper as a nation and as individ-
uals. I believe in an American system which recog-
nizes the duty of protecting our interests and our
labor against the foreign policy of free trade. "YYe
ought to have no syThpathy with those false and per-
nicious theories which would make us tributary to
foreign workshops and foreign labor, True national
prosperity consists in well-protected capital, in well-
educated and well-requited labor, and in bringing
the manufactory into close proximity to the farm.
In our own State there is no division of opinion upon
this subject. The least intelligentfarmer knows that
his close proximity to the mine, the forge, and the
workshop is the secret of his real prosperity. He
cannot be persuaded that any foreign market for his
grain, his fruit, his cattle, or the produce of his dairy
will supply thedemands which these various branches
of labor now create at home. Our large and varied
interests are all united in the confident expectation
that the Government will give to our industrial re-
sources the protection which is demanded for their
full development.
"At no period in our history has it been so import-
ant for us to adopt the doctrine of' protection for the
sake of protection' as now. Every dollar of gold
exported from our countryis a rebuke to the extrav-
agance of our people and to the short-sighted poliey
of our Government. We are without adequate secur-
ity that the investments of to-day will be profitable
to-morrow. We feel that the financial interests of
the country are so largely connected with the pros-
perity of our homo industry that any neglect of this
industry will work a sure and lasting injury to the
former."
These are the words of wisdom fitly spoken.
But there may be those who, while admit-
ting the soundness of the protective policy,
will contend that the existing tariff is high
enough for the accomplishment of the protee- •
tionist's purpose, and that no further increase
of duties is necessary.
To this I reply by asking the objector to look
at the condition of the manufacturing industry
of the nation at the present time.
My daily life is spent among a people largely
engaged in the manufacture of iron and steel
and in the production of textile fabrics; and
I know from personal observation that foreigd
competition and excessive taxation constitute
the upper and nether millstone between which
these industrial pursuits are being ground to
powder. If you admit the principle of pro-
tection to be true, then make your duties suffi-
ciently high to be effective. If you will not do
this, abandon the system, Ibeg you, and do not—
" Keep the word ojf promise to the ear.
And break it to our hope."
But again, the necessity of some further pro-
tection to the industry of the country is con-
clusively proved by the course of importations
for the year 1866, just closed. The enormous
increase of imports is alarming, notwithstand-
ing the allowance, which I admit should be
made, forincreased importations, in view of the
probable adoption by the Senate of the higher
duties proposed in the House bill of last
session.
I am indebted to an intelligent gentleman
connected with the customs department for the
following figures. At the port of New York
alone the imports of foreign merchandise for
the year 1866, just closed, reach the enormous
sum of $306,613,184, all gold values as invoiced,
exclusive of freights, duties, and profits. If we
convert this sum into currency it will be found
that the value of these importations at this one
port will be $439,258,457 currency, an amount
far in excess of any previous year. And of
these importations very much more than one
half come in direct competition witLthe labor
of our own country, as the following figures for
the most prominent articles will show:
Principal articles imported in 1866 to New York, com♦
peting with American labor.
Dry goods:
Woolens  $50,405,179
Cottons  21,287,490
Of silk  24,837,731
Of flax      20,456,870
Miscellaneous  9,235,832
Iron- 126,223,102
Pig  $879,733
Railroad    1,492,633
Hoop steel, &c  3,053,478
Chains, wire, &c    484,264
Hardware  1,821,731
Cutlery    2,466,207
Steel  2,949,349
Machinery and steel manufac-
factures   .. 865,942
  14,013,337
Copper    $665,309
Zinc and spelter  1,064,195
Nickel  180,698
Lead  2,485,840
Brass and metal goods  817,638
  5,213,680
Watches  $2,387,685
Instruments  714,438
Jewelry....    1,952,684
  5,054,807
Glass and glassware $2,523,279
Earthenware   3,113,878
  5,637,157
Buttons       $1,389,383
Fancy goods....  4,362,850
Baskets, boxes, &c  314,267
  6,066,500
Furs   «... $2,643,664
Hair manufactures.  300,537
Feathers    136,708
  3,080,801
Leather and leather manufactures  4,871,894
Paper $1,458,560
Books    851,683
Engravings and stationery  661,660
Paper-hangings    117,596
Paints   $1,336,214
Linseed oil  2,374,089
Perfumery, soap, &c    727,247
Flax    439,453
Hops  515,673
Tobacco     654,132
 
Totsfcl................     .8179,307,593
