1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1403
beaten, captured, and sunk with the entire loss
of the vessel and the capture of a large number
of prisoners.
Now, sir, under the prize law there is no
provision made for an adequate compensation
to the officers of an American vessel situated
as these officers and crew of the Kearsarge are.
In the cases of ordinary captures, where the
vessel captured is of inferior force to that of
the captors, one half of the proceeds of the sale
of the captured vessel goes to the officers and
crew of the vessel making the capture. When
the captured vessel is of equal or superior force
to that of the captors the whole of the proceeds
of the prize goes to the officers and crew of the
vessel making the capture. So that had the
conflict between thesetwo vessels resulted in
the capture of and saving of the Alabama the
whole value of the vessel and everything on
board would have gone as a reward to the cap-
tors, namely, to the officers and crew of the
Kearsarge. But inasmuch as the Alabama went
to the bottom, there were no proceeds of prize
in that case, because there was no vessel to
sell.
In case a vessel is lost and destroyed in the
conflict there is a provision of law that if the
captured vessel be inferior to the capturing
vessel there shall be distributed among the
officers and crew of the latter a sum equal to
$100 for every man on board the captured
vessel, or $200 if the captured vessel be of
equal or superior force to that of the captors.
In this case the Alabama was superior to the
Kearsarge, but if the officers and crew of the
latter were to receive but $200 for each man
on board the Alabama, to be distributed in
accordance with the law regulating prize
money, it is probable that not more than ten
dollars apiece would be distributed to the crew
of the Kearsarge.
The Secretary of the Navy addressed a letter
to Commander Winslow soon after this fight
took place, congratulating him and his officers
and crew on their splendid achievement, and
intimated to him that he, the Secretary, had
no doubt that Congress would make a suitable
and generous award to them for their brilliant
service. As soon thereafter as it was practi-
cable for him to do it he appointed a commis-
sion to make an estimate of the actual value
of the Alabama at the time she was destroyed.
That commission made their investigation and
reported the estimated value of the vessel at
the time of her destruction at $190,000. The
bill which I have reported is in accordance
with that estimate and with the recommenda-
tion of the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask one question ? 1 would like to know
if we have a precedent in our history for this—
if the captors of the Constitution were paid
for sinking the Guerriere the value of the cap-
tured vessel?
Mr. KICE, of Massachusetts. I think they
were. At all events there are several prece-
dents for this proceeding.
Mr. HILL. I understand the gentleman to
say that the law authorizes the distribution of
$200 to each of the men of the capturing ves-
sel, and yet that these men will receive only
ten dollars. '
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. What I stated
was that the law authorized the payment to the
men a sum equivalent to $200 for every man
on the captured vessel; that is to say, there
would be distributed to the officers and crew
of the Kearsarge a sum equal to $200 multi-
plied by the number of men on the Alabama.
That amount, I will say further, is to be distrib-
uted in accordance with the rule of law regu-
lating the distribution of prize money, which
gives a considerable portion of that sum to the
officers of the vessel; and the sum remaining
to be distributed among the members of the
crew would not exceed ten or twenty dollars.
Mr. HILL. I understood the gentleman to
make use of the term " capturing vessels" in
each instance.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What was the force
of the Kearsarge?
Mr. BICE, of Massachusetts: About one
hundred and seventy men, if I recollect aright.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That would give
them about a thousand dollars a piece. Are
there any precedents for giving to the officers
and crews of si capturing vessel bounties to the
amount of the value of the vessel destroyed?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. There are
such precedents.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I know there arc
precedents for giving bounties in sueh cases,
but are there precedents for giving such boun-
ties?
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Rice] yield to me for a
moment?
Mr. RICE. Yes, sir.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, as is well
known to the House, I generally opposeevery-
thing of this kind; but I gladly make this case
an exception to that rule. Why, sir, there is
not an American to-day above ground who
does not remember well the dark clouds that
hung upon our horizon at that time, when our
commerce was driven from beneath our flag,
and when no American merchantman dared to
carry the stars and stripes. Nor is there one
who does not remember also that when we
heard that the double-shotted and well-aimed
guns of the Kearsarge, under the conduct of her
gallant officers and crew, had sunk the pirate
Alabama beneath the waves of the ocean,
never to rise again, the news lighted up the
clouds of war that then hung so thickly and
darkly about us, and lifted the gloom from the
hearts and countenances of all men who loved
their country and her cause. Sir, we ought not
now to forget the brave men who then carried
our flag to victory, nor fail to remember that
if peace has again spread her white wings oyer
us, it is due in no small measure to their hero-
ism on that occasion. Therefore, I say, let us
cheerfully give them this poor remuneration
for the services then rendered by them to their
country and to liberty.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I now de-
mand the previous question upon the passage
of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
james tetlow.
Mr. GRISWOLD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
James Tetlow; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Navy to pay to James Tetlow, for
building four steam tug-boats, the sum of
$86,400, to be paid out of any money hereto-
fore appropriated for constructing vessels or
machinery, and not otherwise expended.
Mr. ROSS. I move to refer the bill to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I hope the gentleman
will not insist upon his motion. I desire sim-
ply to state some facts for the consideration
of*the House, and then I will leave the matter
to the House to decide.
The Naval Committee have regarded this
case as one of peculiar hardship. The facte,
briefly, are these : Mr. Tetlow was a mechanic
and builder of machinery, living near Boston.
In response to a public solicitation on the part
of the Navy Department h'e made a bid for
the construction of two steam tags. In De-
cember, 1868, the Navy Department adver-
tised for proposals for the construction of cer-
tain tug-boats, each of three hundred and fifty
tons burden. Mr. Tetlow sent his agent to
Washington, and the agent put in a bid for the
construction of two of those vessels at $84,600
each. The lowest bid made at that time for
the construction of any of those vessels except
these two ,(and they were all precisely alike)
was $128,000 each. Mr. Tetlow came on here
and made an application to the Department
to be released from the contract that had been
thus made by his agent. That application, as
I understand it, was refused; and an intima-
tion was given to Mr. Tetlow that unless he
carried out the proposition made by his agent
lie probably would not be able to get any more
work from the Navy Department, and that his
reputation would suffer in consequence of the
failure. Upon that state of facts he deter-
mined to proceed, and he arranged with the
Department for the construction of two other
vessels at $128,000 each, that being the lowest
bid, except his own, that had been made for
the construction of any of those vessels. He
made this further arrangement with the hope
of being able to make up for the loss which
he knew would be inevitable in the construc-
tion of the first two vessels.
He went on and constructed the four vessels
in accordance with his contracts, two of them
at $84,600 each, and the other two at $128,000
each; and he absolutely lost money upon the
whole of them. Upon the first two his losses
amounted, I think, to between $150,000 and
$200,000, more or less; 1 do not remember
the exact amount. He asks now that in con-
sideration of these facts—the fact that the first
proposition was made through an agent and
was made at that rate through an error; the
fact that he applied to the Navy Department,
before the contract was executed, to release
him, but was refused, and that be went on,
notwithstanding all these adverse circum-
stances, and fulfilled his contracts in good
faith and built these four ships, and in doing so
not only ruined himself, but also subjected his
bondsmen to large outlays—he asks, I say, in
view of all ,these facts, that we shall make this
appropriation to at least partially reimburse
him, and the Naval Committee have unani-
mously recommended the application as one
eminently entitled to the favorable considera-
tion of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the morning hour will expire in two minutes.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Then I demand the pre-
vious question upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. ROSS. I move that this bill be referred
to the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Griswold] is now entitled to the
floor.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I now insist upon the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to Jay
the bill on tlie table.
The question was taken; and upon a division,
there were—ayes 45, noes 22; no quorum
voting.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and this bill goes over to the morn-
ing hour on next public bill day, when the pend-
ing question will be upon the motion to lay the
bill on the table.
message from tiie president.
Several messages in writing from the Presi-
dent of the United States were delivered to
the House by Colonel William G. Moore, his
Private Secretary.
tariff bill.
Mr. MYERS. I move to suspend the rules,
in order that the House may*consider at this
time the resolution which I send to the Clerk's
desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Mcsolved, That after tho tax bill is aoted on, all
regular orders, (except the mornins hour,) ana an
other special orders shall be set aside, and tbe tariff
bill shall be the special order until disposed or.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
allow that resolution to go over until to-morrow.
Mr. MYERS. I prefer to have it acted on
now.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move to postpone
the further consideration of this resolution
until Monday next. . .
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not yet
