34
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 14,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of Major General 1). E. Sickles.
Headquarters Department of the South,
Charleston", S. 0., Octobcr 20, 1800.
I have the honor to report the operations ;
and general condition of affairs in this depart-
ment during the present year, in compliance 1
with the order of the General-in-Chief.
The troops in the department of South Car-
olina, on the 1st of January, 18GG, comprised
three hundred and fifty-two officers and seven
thousand and fifty-six enlisted men. By the
muster out of volunteer organizations this torce
was reduced on the 1st of June last, when the
department of South Carolina was discontinued,
to two hundred officers and two thousand nine
hundred and seventy-three enlisted men.
I assumed command of the department of
the Carolinas, including the States ot North ,
and South Carolina, June 2, 186G,in compli-
ance with General Order No. 32, War Depart-
ment, djted May 19, 18GG. The troops in the
department of the Carolinas comprised one
hundred and sixty-nine officers and three thou-
sand two hundred and seventy-seven enlisted ■
men. On the l?th day of August, 18GG, I
assumed command of the department of the
South, embracing the same territory and troops
included in the department of the Carolinas.
The one hundred and twenty-eighth United
States colored troops was mustered out Octo-
ber 10, 18GG. The troops now comprise the
sixth and eighth regiments of United States
infantry; companies A, H, I, and L, fifth Uni-
ted States cavalry; light company E, third
regiment United States artillery, and thirty-
seventh regiment United States colored troops.
Total number of commissioned officers, one
hundred and thirty-five; enlisted men, two
thousand six hundred and twelve.
The sixth United States infantry and four
companies of the eighth, with companies H
and L, fifth United States cavalry, and three
companies thirty-seventh United States colored
troops, garrison twelve posts in South Carolina;
and six companies of the eighth United States
infantry, companies A and 1. fifth United States
cavalry, light company B, third United States
artillery, companies A, B, D, F, G, I, and K,
thirty-seventh regiment United States colored
troops, garrison the several posts in North
Carolina.
Depots for recruits for the fortieth United
States infantry have been established at Smiths-
ville, North Caroling and Charleston, South
Carolina. Enlistments are going on satisfac-
torily.
Pursuant to General Order No. 32, War
Department, Adjutant General's Office, 18G6,
the States of North and South Carolina, re-
spectively, constitute military commands, Bre-
vet Major General J. C. Robinson, United
States Army, commanding in North Carolina,
and Brevet Major General R. K. Scott com-
manding in South Carolina, each performing
the duties of assistant commissioner of the
Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, <fcc., within
his command.
The discipline and efficiency of the troops is
generally fair, most of the enlisted men oi the
regular force being recruits. Desertions have
been quitenumerous for several months, but are
now less frequent. (Report of Major James
P. Roy, sixth United States infantry, acting as-
sistant inspector general, Appendix 1.)
The troops are well equipped and clothed,
and comfortably quartered. But few com-
plaints have been reported of the issues made
by the quartermaster's and subsistence depart-
ments, and these havebeen promptly corrected.
(Reports of the chief quartermaster, Brevet
Major General R. O. Tyler, and of the chief
commissary of subsistence, Brevet Brigadier
General W. W. Burns, Appendix 2 and 3.)
The health of the troops has been excellent;
the sick in hospital averaging only four per cent,
of the mean strength of the command, and the
ratio of deaths per thousand men being only
3.68. No case of yellow fever or cholera has
occurred, nor have these epidemics appeared
in the department; a remarkable result, attrib-
utable mainly, in my judgment, to the effective
quarantine maintained, in compliance with
General Order No. 1-3, headquarters armies
of the United States. (See report of medical
director, Appendix 4.)
Large reductions have been made in the ex-
psnditures of the quartermaster's department.
The estimates reported for January, 18GG, were
$238,794 17, andfor August, 18GG, $54,076 0G.
In January, 1866, in the department of South
Carolina, eleven steamers, five tugs, and one
sailing vessel were more or less employed. On
September 1 the water transportation had been
reduced to one steamer and three sailing ves-
sels ; two of the sailing vessels were chartered
for quarantine purposes, and have been since
discharged.
The depots at Hilton Head, belonging to the
quartermaster, subsistence, and medical de-
partments, have been broken up, and the civil-
ian employes, more than a thousand in num-
ber, discharged. Orders recently received for
the disposition of the large accumulation of
ordnance and ordnance stores at that post are
being executed with diligence by the ordnance
officer and chief quartermaster.
The depots at Raleigh and Columbia have
likewise been discontinued. Charleston and
Newbern are now the only sources of supply.
The ccmeterial operations, necessarily sus-
pended during the warm season, will be resumed
next month, and prosecuted with energy to
completion during the winter, so that all the
offices of honorable interment, as contemplated
by the Government, will have been rendered
to those of our heroic dead who fell during the
war in North and South Carolina.
For more particular information as to these
and other operations of the quartermaster's
department I respectfully refer to the report
of Brevet Major General Tyler, inclosed here-
with, to whose zeal and ability I am much
indebted.
The issues of rations to refugees and freed-
men subsequent to January 1, 18GG, were grad-
ually diminished under the operation of orders
from department headquarters forbidding issues
to persons able to earn a living. The demand
for labor during the year has been sufficient to
employ every one willing to work. Agents of
the Freedmen's Bureau, in some localities,
issued rations impyovidently. Over issues
made by those agents I have no direct control.
In compliance with the recent instructions
of the Secretary of War, Bureau of Refugees,
Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands, Washing-
ton, August 22, I860, all issues to freedmen
and refugees ceased on the 1st of October,
except to the sick in hospitals and orphans in
asylums heretofore established. For the ten
days ending October 10, two ,.thousand and
thirty-four rations were issued to those two
classes in North Carolina, and in South Caro-
lina one thousand and ninety rations. The
Legislature of South Carolina, during its recent
extraordinary session, made a liberal appro-
priation for the supply of corn to the destitute.
The most satisfactory progress seems to have
been made during the past year in all that con-
cerns the welfare of these States. A year ago
civil authority did not exist. The duties of
the Executive were in the hands of provisional
functionaries appointed by the President.
These have been replaced by Governors elected
by the people. The courts were all closed,
and the administration of justice depended
altogether on military tribunals. Now, the
courts are all open, and the jurisdiction of
military tribunals, except on the sea islands,
is confined to persons in the military service,
in cases arising under the Articles of War.
The administration of municipalities, towns,
and counties devolved upon military officers.
The police of Charleston, Columbia, Raleigh,
and Wilmington was exclusively military. The
taxes imposed, the streets that were lighted,
the licenses granted, and all the regulations of
commerce and trade were subject to military
authority. Now, the local magistrates and
officials chosen by the people, or appointed
according to law, are discharging their ordi-
nary duties. The police is almost exclusively
municipal. All taxes, assessments, and charges
of every kind are levied by civil authorities,
and all the restrictions upon commerce, trade,
and intercourse, other than those imposed by
the laws, have ceased.
In the condition of the colored population
the same gratifying progress has been observed.
The act of emancipation has been ratified con-
stitutionally by the spontaneous assent of these
States. The Legislature of South Carolina has
recognized the civil rights of freedmen as de-
fined by the civil rights bill. In North and
South Carolina the courts are open to freed-
men for the protection of person and property.
In South Carolina they are competent to testify
in all cases, without disqualification on account
of color, interest, or relation to the subject-
matter. Their dwellings, schools, churches,
and societies are generally unmolested and
secure. They are free to cultivate the soil for
themselves, or to engage in any lawful calling,
or to hire for wages, as they may choose. And
it is only just to declare, as the result of my
observation, that the conduct of the colored
population has deserved all praise, and justifies
the belief that as freemen they will become
reliable, worthy, and useful citizens. Conspic-
uous among the better tendencies of the race
is their respect for religion. Devoted to their
churches and preachers, they habitually attend
divine service and engage with singular earnest-
ness in all religious observances. The belief
is almost universal among the freed people that
their deliverance from servitude was the act
of God.
The situation at the commencement of the
agricultural year, which begins in the South
about the 1st of January, was full of difficul-
ties. Many of the planters had not obtained
possession of their lands. Those who were in
possession had little or no money. Plantation
buildings, fences, implements of husbandry,
and stock could only be partially restored.
The negroes generally had been led to hope
that the Government would give them the lands
and premises where they had been domiciled
as slaves: hence they were unwilling to make
engagements to work for others. With the
restoration of civil authority, they apprehended
injustice and oppression at the hands of their
former masters. They were anxious to ac-
quire lands for themselves. They desired
especially to live somewhere under the exclu-
sive jurisdiction of the Federal authority.
Thousands found their way to the sea islands
and the abandoned coast plantations, under
the impression that General Sherman's field
order gave these lands altogether and exclu-
sively to the freed people. They were not dis-
posed to work for the owners to whom lands
had been restored, for they had been en-
couraged to believe that they could rightfully
stay and cultivate the abandoned lands of
which they had taken possession.
In South Carolina the legislation of 1865
foiled to quiet the uneasiness and distrust of
the freed people as to the security of their
civil rights. The discussions in Congress and
in the public journals, and the language of
many public agents, kept alive the hope of
receiving grants of lands from the Govern-
ment.
All these circumstances contributed to make
the colored people restless, migratory, and
indolent, producing general discontent and fre-
quent collisions between the two races. Grave
disorders becoming more and more frequent. I
published a comprehensive order defining the
principal relations between the whites and the
treed people, and establishing regulations con-
cerning the occupation of lands, labor, pauper-
ism. vagrancy, disorderly conduct, and crimes.
