1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
Report of the Secretary of War.
39tii Coxa....2d Sess.
^General Order No. 1, January 1, 1866, de- ||
nariinent of South Carolina. Appendix 5.) j
These regulations at least furnished positive '
anil uniform rules for the government of all
concealed, and contributed to establish order
where all had been uncertainty and confusion.
The results were immediate and salutary.
The planters evinced a disposition to employ
as many hands as their means allowed. The
frec-dmen generally went to work. Their desire
to wander from place to place and to crowd
together in towns and cities diminished. The
facilities for traveling which had been improvi-
uently furnished by the agents of the Freed-
men's Bureau, were curtailed by orders to the
quartermaster's department to confine trans-
portation strictly to the provisions of General
Order 138, War Department, Adjutant Gen-
eral's Office, 18G5. The misgivings of many
planters as to the disposition of free negroes to
work for wages gradually gave way. It soon
became evident that with proper energy, capi-
tal, patience, and tact on the part of the land-
holders. if they failed to make good crops, the
failure would neither result from the lack of
available hands nor from the omission of the
military authorities to exert a proper influ-
ence upon the laboring population. (General
Order No. 75, department of South Carolina.
Appendix G.)
And now, at the close of the year, I do not
hesitate to affirm that where the season has
been favorable, wages liberal, facilities for cult-
ure ample, the superintendence diligent and
judicious, and the laborers well treated, the
avuage production has been equal to ordinary
years before emancipation. "Whenever the
planters wish the thing to succeed, it is success-
ful." This remark, quoted from the report
of the Marquis of Sligo, colonial Governor of
.Jamaica in 18-35, is as truly applicable to these
States as it could have been to the British West
Indies after emancipation.
On the 1st of January last the control of
civil affairs in the city of Charleston was turned
over to the mayor and municipal authorities,
with certain temporary reservations ; these re-
lated mainly to the trial and punishment of
negroes and the prohibition of the quasi mili-
tary organization and equipment of the police
as it existed before emancipation.
Desiring to Yelieve the people from all un-
nece-sary restraints incident to martial law, I
directed, on the 4th of March last, that the
administration of civil affairs in all the parishes
and towns be remitted to the civil authorities,
tt'uen duly appointed and qualified according
to law, and prohibiting thereafter any military
tax, assessment, or charge of any kind, except i
lines and penalties imposed by provost courts
or military commissions for offenses whereof
the party had been duly convicted. Civil offi-
cers have been required in all cases to obey the
proclamation of the President, the laws of Con-
gress, and all orders relating to the government
of this department emanating from competent
authority. No disqualification for office has
been imposed except the refusal or neglect to
take and subscribe the amnesty oath last pre-
scribed, unless the party belonged to one of the
classes excepted from amnesty, and in such
cases full pardon from the President is required.
Pro\ ost courts have been necessarily continued
ui operation, with jurisdiction in cases conccrn-
lng per.-on.5 of color, until such persons became
legally competent to sue and testify in the State
courts, with the same rights and remedies
accorded to other persons. (General Order
i", department of South Carolina, March J,
18^. Appendix 7.)
Contemporaneously with these measures, the
muster-out of the volunt eer force, and the gen-
eral improvement in the condition of affairs
rendered it expedient and practicable to dis-
continue the military district and sub-district
organization, and to establish posts embracing,
territorially, several counties. These have been
garrisoned by one or two companies, from
which mounted detachments and patrols could
be furnished when required, post commanders
reporting directly to department headquarters.
This organization was continued until the as-
signments'Generals Robinson and Scott to the
military commands of North and South Caro-
lina. I desired also that the post commanders
should be ex officio agents of the Freedmen's
Bureau, reporting in that capacity to the assist-
ant commissioner; and so far as this suggestion
has been adopted, the gain to the public service
and to the interests of all concerned has been
manifest. In my judgment all the legitimate [
duties of the Freedmen's Bureau can be more i
efficiently and promptly performed by post
commanders, who will have not only the neces- j
sary authority, but also the means and facilities j
at their disposal to enforce their orders. The j
administrative and economical advantages are
obvious enough.
The superior courts, the local magistracy,
and the town and municipal authorities have
generally shown a proper disposition to do :
justice between man and man and to afford
protection to all good citizens. Unfortu-
nately, however, there are exceptions to be |
made to this statement. In some parts of j
Barnwell, Edgefield. Newberry, Chester, Lau-
rens, and Richland districts, (counties,) in
SoiVh Carolina, a f'reedman has little security
for life, limb, or property, apart from the pres-
ence and protection of a garrison of United
States troops. There are other districts in the
western pant of South Carolina where the same
insecurity exists. The truth is, that in certain
localities of these States, personal encounters,
assaults, and difficulties between citizens, often
resulting in serious wounds and death, have
I for years occurred without the serious notice
! or action of the civil authorities ; and in those
neighborhoods where it has heretofore seemed
I to the population officious to arrest and pun-
ish citizens for assault upon each other, they
can hardly be expected to yield with any grace
to arrests for assaults and outrages upon ne-
groes. It is precisely in those localities that
the most impatience is displayed at the pres-
ence of a garrison, because people who have
long violated civil law with impunity dislike
martial law or any other law that is enforced.
In consequence of the vigilance of the gar-
risons and the punishment which has followed
the perpetration of outrages upon refugees and
freedmen, when the guilty parties became
known to the military authorities, these crimes
are now generally committed by bands of out-
laws and marauders, composed of the most
reckless and abandoned characters, organized
mainly for plunder and pillage. There is rea-
son to believe that organizations of these ban-
ditti, more or less numerous, and connected
with each other, exist in the localities I have
mentioned, and have their accomplices with
co rresponding organizat ionsinthe border cou n-
ties of Georgia, Tennessee, and North Caro-
lina. They defy the civil authorities; they
overawe the well-disposed population. They
often elude the garrisons, because it is impos-
j sible to obtain from the people in the neigh-
i- borhoodof theirdepredationsorof their resorts
j! any reliable information about them. Even the
' colored people generally prefer to evade inqui-
ries. rather than expose themselves to certain
vengeance as the penalty of disclosures that
would cause the arrest and punishment of one
or more of these confederated bands. His
: Excellency the Governor of South Carolina,
who has endeavored, by means of rewards pri-
vately offered, to effect the arrest of some of
these offenders, has succeeded in capturing one
or two of them, and they are now in the hands
of the civil authorities, awaiting trial.
In Julv last a party of guerrillas, disguised
as blacks, rode into the county town of New-
berry, dismounted, tied their horses, and pro-
ceeded to the house of one Amos Wesley, a
colored barber, who resided near the court-
house; they killed him in the presence of his
wife and family, mounted their horses, and rode
off. No arrests were made at the time, and the
ringleaders are still at large, although several
of them are known to the civil authorities.
Wesleyhadwrongedno one, and seems to have
been an inoffensive person, although, perhaps,
somewhat indiscreet in speech. He had, how-
ever, been warned to leave Newberry, and it
appears he intended to move somewhere as
soon as he could find a suitable place for his
calling. The officer sent to investigate the
affair arrested two persons as accomplices in
the crime, but the evidence was not deemed
sufficient to justify their detention. (Report
of Major Everton, aid-de-camp, Appendix 8.)
All the papers in the ease have been furnished
to his Excellency the Governor of South Caro-
lina, in compliance with his request, for his
information and-action.
Two or three weeks ago a party of men,
similarly disguised as blacks, went to the resi-
dence of Mr. Biglow, a teacher of a school
for colored children in the town of Aiken, in
Barnwell district: displaying weapons and
threatening his life, they compelled him to
leave the place, never to return, under pain
of derfth. Mr. Biglow was requested to return
by the post commander, and was assured of
protection, but declined to do so, fearing he
conld not, without more hazard than he was
willing to incur, resume hisavocation in Aiken.
This place has long been a favorite summer
resort for invalids and for peoplS of wealth
and refinement in the South. It is the head-
quarters of a military post, garrisoned by com-
pany H, fifth United States cavalry. Brevet
Major Walker, United States Army, the post
commander, has exerted himself with zeal
and diligence to obtain sufficient testimony to
justify the arrest of the perpetrators of this
outrage, and although, as he reports to me.
they rfre well known to the neighborhood and
suspected by himself, it has been as yet impos-
sible to obtain reliable testimony on the sub-
ject. The civil authorities have taken no action
the case, so far as I am informed. I See report
of Brevet Brigadier General B. P. Uunckle,
agent of Freedmen's Bureau, and report of
Brevet Major L. Walker, United States Army,
commanding post, Appendix 9.)
It sometimes happens, indeed, that aricsts
are made of the worst class of offenders, and
occasionally they are tried and punished. In-
stances of much gravity are too frequent, how-
ever, of the most reprehensible neglect to ar-
rest and prosecute notorious malefactors and
outlaws. Inquests in case of homicide, espe-
cially if the victim be a negro, seldom result
in a verdict which points out the guilty. When
arrests are made by military authority and the
parties turned over to the civil tribunals, the
accused are generally admitted to easy bail.
The sittings of the superior courts only occur
twice a year, so that justice is slow at best.
It "became necessary, therefore, to authorize
commanding officers to treat these outlaws as
guerrillas, and punish them summarily. Oti
the 12th of October the commanding officer
of the post of Chester, in compliance with
General Order No. 15, current series, depart-
ment of the South, turned over the jail to the
sheriff, and also the custody of the prisoners,
several of whom had been confined on charges
of the most serious character. The sheriff was
admonished by Brevet Major Carter, United
States Army, commanding, of the desperate
character of some of the inmates, and of the
necessity for vigilance, but. on the second night
after the sheriff had taken possession, all the
prisoners escaped. It being apparent that no
reliance conld he placed on the sheriff. I have
communicated the occurrence to his Exccllency
the Governor of South Carolina, and directed
the post commandcr to resume possession of
the jail, capture the escaped prisoners it pos-
sible. and hold them in military confinement
until the proper judicial tribunal shall be ready
i to try them.
