1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1405
MESSAGE j&'ROM TIIK SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed bills of the following
titles, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House:
An act (S. No. 549) for the establishment
and maintenance of a public park in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; and
An act (S. No. 582) to provide for the pay-
ment of past and future use and purchase of
the invention and patent upon " post-marking
of letters, packets, &c., and cancellation of
postage stamps thereon," made by and pat-
ented to Marcus P. Norton; of Troy, New
York, April 14,1863, and reissued August 23,
1864, and for other purposes.
It further announced that the Senate had
indefinitely postponed House bill No. 901, to
regulate the selection of juries for the several
eeurts of the District of Columbia.
CAPTURED COTTON.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a message from the
President of the United States, transmitting, in
response to a resolution of the House, reports
from the Secretary of the Treasury and the
Secretary of War. in regard to captured and
forfeited cotton; which were ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
REMOVAL OF POSTMASTERS, ETC.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a communication
from the Postmaster General, in answer to a
resolution of the House, giving a list of post-
masters removed between July 20, 1866, to
December 6, 1866, with the reasons for their
removal, and the namiSf of new appointees,
&c.; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. MAYNARD moved that five thousand
extra copies be printed; which, under the law,
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
SALARY TAX OF POSTMASTER'S CLERKS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House, in response to a resolu-
tion of the House, a letter from the Postmaster
G eneral in reference to the salary tax* on clerks
to postmasters, &c. ; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
alleged corruption of members.
Mr. HILL. I submit the following resolu-
tions, which I believe to involve a question of
privilege :
Whereas the integrity of members of this House
in the discharge ot their official duties is of the
utmost importance to the public; and whereas
charges afiecting that integrity ought not to be pre-
ferred upon this floor, except upon the gravest
reason; and whereas the following preamble and
resolution were introduced by Hon. John Went-
woeth, a member of this House, on the 16th instant,
Whel-eas the President of the United States has
been impeached by a member of this House of high
crimes and misdemeanors, and the Committee upon
the Judiciary have been instructed to examine into
the facts upon which said impeachment was based,
with power to sendfor persons and papers, and report
them to this House in order, if thought warrantable,
that the President may be arraigned for trial thereon
by tho Senate; and whereas while the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary are examining witnesses with
relation to said high crimes and misdemeanors of
which the President has been impeaehed, with a
view of making o, report to this House for its dism-
terested action, it has for some time been rumored
and has at last been asserted in public newspapers
that certain members of this Iftuse, who are bound
to act impartially upon the report of said committee
when presented, are now holding, and have been for
some time holding, privato meetings with a view to a
corrupt bargain, whereby, in violation of their oaths,
they have pledged and are pledging themselves in
advance to act adversely to said report if unfavora-
ble to the President, and also to act adversely to cer-
tain other measures pending before this House to
which they have heretofore been favorable, provided
the President himself will do certain things to which
he has heretofore declared himself hosti le, and retrain
from doing certain things to which lie has heretoioro
declared himself favorable: Therefore,
Unsolved, That a select committee of three be
instructed to inquire whether any such meetings
have been held for any such corrupt purposes, what
members of this House have attended the same,
what persons besides members of Congress have
attended them, what persons have carried communi-
cations from those members to the President, and
from the President to them, and what has been'the
nature of such communications; and also that said
committee report at the earliest practicable day the
result of their inquiries, and that they also report
such resolutions for the action of the House as they
may deem necessary for the preservation of ite honor
and independence; and that said select committee
have power to send for persons and papers and ex-
amine witnesses under oath. ,
Resolved, That the select committee of three ap-
pointed under said resolution be instructed to report,
immediately aftertha reading of the Journal to-mor-
row, any evidence that may be in possession of said
committee, or any member thereof, relating to the
corrupt bargain referred to in the preamble to said
resolution.
Resolved further, That Hon. John Wentwohth be
requested at the same time to furnish to this House
tho newspaper assertions and a statement of the
rumors in relation to said corrupt bargain referred
to in the preamble to said resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that this
is not a question of privilege. The instruction
of the resolution is that the committee report
to-morrow, after the reading of the Journal;
that involves a change in the order of busi-
ness. The resolution, as it does not involve a
question of privilege, is not in order at the
present time.
TAX BILL.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the
House now resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Boutwell in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the special order,
being House bill No. 1161, to amend existing
laws relating to internal revenue.
The pending question was on the amendment
of Mr. Myers to the paragraph in relation to
cigarettes, cigars, and cheroots, to strike out
all after the word " therefor'' to the end of the
paragraph and insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing :
On cigarettes, cigars, and cheroots of all descrip-
tions, made of tobacco or any substitute therefor,
five dollars per thousand.
Mr. MYERS. I withdraw my call for a
division on this amendment, and ask a vote
upon it in the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment was
rejected on a division ; tellers were ordered,
and no quorum voted. The Chair will again
order tellers.
Mr. DEMINGr. I believe the Chair is mis-
taken. The amendment was carried on a
division—ayes 48, noes 32; but no quorum
voted.
The CHAIRMAN. All debate is closed on
this paragraph and amendment. The Chair
will order tellers.
Messrs. Allisox and Myers were appointed
tellers.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would inquire if a vote
in the House is permitted to be taken on this,
whether it will or will not exclude further
amendment. A vote in the House is an
acquiescence in or disagreement to an amend-
ment as passed in committee. It must be
reported as if passed by the committee in
order to get a vote.
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly.
Mr. SCHENCK. That will be inconsistent
with further amendment.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 54, noes 48.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out the
whole paragraph as just amended and insert
in lieu thereof the following:
Also, in the third paragraph relating to cheroots,
cigarettcs, and cigars, insert between the woi'ds
"twenty per cent, ad valorem on" ana the words
"the market value thereof" thesewords: * Ihcexcess
over twelve dollars of."
I wish to explain how that will affect the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order
on this paragraph. Is there objection ?
Mr. DEMING-. I object.
The question being put on the amendment,
there were—ayes twenty-six. . '
Mr. STEVENS. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Schekck and Marshall.
Mr. PAINE. _ Would it not be in order to
read the law as it now stands with the amend-
ment incorporated?
* The CHAIRMAN. Not if there is any
, objection.  
Mr. PAINE. . The House does not under-
stand it.
Mr.. SCHENCK. And if we do not adopt
the amendment our tobacco is gone. [Laugh-
ter.] That is not intended to be heard, how-
ever. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Will it
be in order for me to say'that the committee
approve of this? [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is out of order.
The committee divided; and the tellers
ported—ayes 41, noes 55.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section ninety-four be further amended so
that in lieu of the taxes now provided by law upon
the goods, wares, and merchandise hereinafter men-
tioned, which shall be produced and sold, or be man-
ufactured or made and sold, or bo consumed or used
by the manufacturer or producer thereof, or removed
for consumption or use, or for delivery to others than
agents of the manufacturer or producer within the
united States or Territories thereof, there shall be
assessed, collected, and paid the following taxes, to
be paid by tho producer and manufacturer thereof,
that is to say:
On boots and shoes, made wholly or in part of
India-rubber, two per cent, ad valorem.
On brandy made of grapes, fifty cents per gallon.
Mr. PRICE. I move to strike out the last
item: " On brandy made of grapes fifty cents
per gallon.'' My object is to place brandy made
from grapes upon the same footing as brandy
made from anything else, and for the additional
reason that I am of opinion that if you allow
brandy made of grapes to pay only fifty cents a
gallon, whilebrandy made of rye [laughter. ]
A Member. Brandy is not made of rye.
Mr. PRICE. My friend says they do not
make brandy of rye. .
A Member. They do, though. [Laughter.]
Mr. PRICE. At all events if you tax brandy
made of other materials two dollars a gallon,
while grape brandy is taxed only fifty cents,
they will put in about a pint of grape brandy
and then call it all brandy made of grapes, so
as to have to pay only fifty cents tax. I pro-
pose all brandy shall pay two dollars.
Mr. HIGBY. If it be the only object of
putting a tax on an article to drive it entirely
out of use I will agree with my friend from
Iowa that his amendment is proper. But, sir,
I do not understand that that is the object of
this bill; its object is to derive revenue to sup-
port the Government.
Now, a very few words in regard to making
brandy out of grapes and other, materials.^
Vineyards are not cultivated for the sake ot
manufacturing brandy.
The fact is there is a percentage of _ the
grapes that has to be thrown away unless it be
used for some other purpose than making
wine. The proportion that is not used for
wine is from ten to fifteen per cent., but it can
be made into brandy. But vineyards in Cali-
fornia are mostly small patches. There are
only some three or four very large ones. Thesf
small vineyards are scattered over the country.
There may be in one county thirty thousand
gallons of wine made ; ten per cent, of which
is in a condition to be converted into braridv.
A" territory fifty miles square would give three
or-four thousand gallons of materials suitable
for brandy. Now, of course that brandy has
to be made in small stills if it is made at ail.
They cannot concentrate their operations into
large establishments, where it could be manu-
factured at a cheaper rate^ Now, you must
either leave this tax as it is in the bill, or you
will get no revenue from this source. _ I sub-
mit to the committee that if the object is to get
a revenue you should keep it at this low rate,
or else you will get nothing at all, and the vine-
grower loses so much.
