1867.
THi coif©MISSIONAL globe
mi
right of all men to the just rewards of their
labor.
The conflict is_ ended, and, God be praised,
the right has triumphed; and having thus ele-
vated four million human beings from chains
and slavery to freedom and to manhood let us
address ourselves to the work of stimulating the
industrial energies of the nation, so that free
labor shall find its wonted employment, and re-
ceive its just reward.
The bill under consideration, if passed, will
prove an important agency in this work. It
speaks of cottons and woolens, of iron and
steel, of wheat and corn, of linseed and bar-
ley, but these are only other words for labor,
and the title of the bill might with propriety
read: "An act for the encouragement and
protection of American labor." ,
Perfect this bill, and then make it a law,
and hope and courage will spring up through-
out the nation. The fires of a thousand forges
and mills and furnaces will illumine the land
and the ceaseless hum of a million whirling
spindles will chant the praises of the American
Congress that had the wisdom to understand
and the fidelity to maintain the principles of
the American system.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to ask the atten-
tion of the Senate to the linen interest as af-
fected by the provisions from page 22 to page
25 of the amended bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance, section six. I do not intend
to make any remarks upon the general provis-
ions of the bill, or upon the proposed tariff as
a measure of expediency; nor to go into the
questions which have been so.ably entered into
by my friend, the Senator from New Jersey,
[Mr. Cattell.] What I desire to do is simply
to state to the Senate the fact that the linen
interest is a new branch of industry in this
country; that it is directly connected with the
agricultural interest in the production of flax
and of hemp; that to produce cloth from linen
requires thiee times the labor that is required
for the.production of cloth from cotton ] that
the legislation of the country has exhibited its
favor to this branch of industry by admitting
free of duty the machinery necessary to produce
• the goods; that in consequence of that favor-
able legislation large amounts of machinery,
hundreds of thousands of dollars in value, have
been introduced that will produce every known
article manufactured out of linen in any coun-
try; but that owing to the present condition of
the revenae laws that machinery is found to be
of no practical value for the purposes designed.
This subject was brought to the House Com-
mittee of Ways and Means at the last session,
in June or July, and the facts were laid before
the committee by the chairman of the linen
interest, and they were induced to adopt a
schedule or classification that would meet the
necessities of this business. The House adopted
provisions satisfactory to this class of people ;
but the tariff bill has laid over during the inter-
val and is now before us. During the recess
an agent, for whose appointment Congress in
its wisdom provided, has been at work collect-
ing information as to the various subjects em-
braced by this bill, and the results of his labors
have been laid before Congress. The chairman
of the linen interest was induced to go to the
custom house where Mr. Wells had located and
to have an interview with the person to whom
this branch of the tariff had been assigned. That
interview was had and appeared to be perfectly
satisfactory.
The views expressed and endeavored to be
made clear by the chairman of this interest,
were, as it was thought, to be adopted by the
agent employed by the Government.. So the
story runs. But upon the report being pub-
lished it was discovered that a large portion of
the classification that had been suggested and
ingrafted in the House bill was .omitted in the
report of the commissioner. Thereupon the
gentleman to whom I have alluded, authorized
by the linon interest of this country, came to
Washington and endeavored to get a hearing
before the Senate Committee on Finance dur-
ing the holidays. Of course the Senate com-
39th Cong. 2d Sbss.—No. 41.
mittee were unable to grant time enough to
develop the points which he endeavored to
make plain, and a written statement was pre-
sented which succeeded in obtaining something
of a modification of the commissioner's bill,
but not sufficient in the opinion of this interest
to enable them to go on and to compete with
the foreign production and to carry out the
idea of promoting the cultivation of flax and
hemp in this country with a view to the encour-
agement of the manufacture and production of
all the known articles made from flax. This
gentleman then appeared before the Commit-"
tee on Manufactures of the Senate and laid
before them the whole condition of this inter-
est, and that committee has authorized me to
ask the favorable consideration of the Senate
to the classification which I am authorized to
move as a substitute for that which the Com-
mittee on Finance have recommended.
I may say here that the chairman of this
, interest was a farmer who accumulated some
property which he devoted in the early stages
of this business to the manufacturing of linens
and twine; but, sharing the fate of many new
enterprises, the capital was sunk and he was
induced by solicitations to himself to become
an active instrument in endeavoring to bring it
out of its depressed and destroyed condition.
As a farmer he devoted himself to the produc-
tion of linen yarns, and I have now the result
of his energy, o&his skill, and of his applica-
tion in the production of a yarn equal to any
produced in the world, yarn that will produce
any fabric that is imported into this country.
[Exhibiting skeins of yarn. ] It is mainly from
his suggestions and from the knowledge which
the Committee on Manufactures had them-
selves as to the condition of this interest, that
that committee were induced to suggest the
points which I have risen to present to the
Senate.
As it takes three times the labor to produce
a linen fabric that it does a cotton fabric, and
as forty per cent, of the linen material is lost
in the process of bleaching, it may be readily
understood that if the duties are placed upon
the same schedule as to rates as cotton goods
it would be unequal. The linen interest should
receive a higher protection in point of rate in
order to produce equality; but all that is asked
by those who represent it and by the Commit-
tee on Manufactures is that it should receive
the same protection only as that which is
given to cotton goods, and they do not ask
that it should receive as much as is given to
woolens or to silks.
Before I suggest the amendments that I de-
sire to move, let me say that the product of
linen is not used as a general thing by the
poorer or the working classes of the people.
It is used by those whose pockets are able to <
procure the luxuries of life, aud any tax that
would be required to promote the growth of
flax and hemp in this country, and to develop
the linen interest, will come out of the pockets
of those who are able to pay the tax.
I come now to consider the bill of the Com-
mittee on Finance; and first as to the duty
which it imposes on the raw material. The
provision is:
On flax, unmanufactured, fifteen dollars per ton.
On flax hackled, known as dressed line, twenty
dollars per ton.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The "twenty" dollars
has been raised to "thirty."
Mr. SPRAGUE. The chairman of the Fi-
nance Committee informs me, however, that
the latter clause is raised to thirty dollars.
For the purposes of my argument, however, I
may consider the bill to stand as it was re-
ported in this respect. Flax, hackled, is a
manipulation of flax whereby forty per cent,
of the tow is taken therefrom, leaving sixty per
cent, of what is called " dressed line." In
that condition it is in a manufactured state.
The tow of flax or hemp is allowed to be intro-
duced by this bill at five dollars a ton. Forty
per cent, of five dollars, which would be the
amount of flax or hemp that would come from
the dressed line, would iutroduce the hemp at
two dollars a ion. At twenty dollars a ton,
sixty per cent, of that only being "dietsed
line," the duty upon the sixty per cent, would
be twelve dollars. Twelve dollars for the
sixty per ceut. of " dressed litie," added to
the two dollars upon the flax or hemp, wouid
bring in the " dressed line" at fourteen dollars
a ton, taking the bill in this respect as reported
by the Committee on Finance. The result
would be that "dressed line," which I will
observe requires an expense of fifty-six dol-
lars to produce it in that condition in this
country, would come in at one dollar per ton
less than the unmanufactured article.
Now, I desire to state that in this country
there is not a pound of flax used for the finer
fabrics at this time that is cultivated in this
country. The flax used for the finer fabrics
must be pulled before the seed ripens. In all
other countries the flax is produced as well for
the seed as the fiber. The fiber must be taken
when it is in its green state, or before it has
grown to a coarse size, and, therefore, all the
kind of flax that is imported, either in its un-
manufactured or manufactured state, is not at
present produced in this country, and cannot
be for some years to come.
I ask the Senate whether under these cir-
cumstances it would not be wise for them to
put unmanufactured flax on the free list, with
a view of inducing the manufacturers to con-
sume it; and when they get their machinery
in operation there will then be a market for
flax, and at the same time the American flax-
grower will have some inducement to produce
the article. But under the provisions of this
bill, as reported by the Committee on Finance,
the manufactured flax would be brought in at
one dollar per ton less than the unmanufac-
tured, which would do away with all the duty
upon it. Not only would this be the result,
but the duty would bear very heavily upon the
linen interest not yet perfected, not yet in a
state to bear any of the burdens that are put
upon other articles, because it is new, because
the machinery has not j^et been put in opera-
tion, and because the skill necessary to perfect
it has not been concentrated and brought into
the country. Now, I ask the Senate to leave
off the duty on unmanufactured flax and to
leave the duty on the dressed line as it was re-
ported, instead of increasing it to thirty dollars;
and that will answer the first conditions that I
require. Will the chairman of the Committee
on Finance agree to this?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no authority to
agree to it. It is for the Senate to say.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I will proceed, then, be-
fore putting my motion in form to the Senate,
to present the various items bearing upon this
subject. The bill of the Finance Committee
contains this item:
On jute, unmanufactured, and sisal grass, and othsr
vegetable fibers, not otherwise provided for. five dol-
lars per ton.
On all manufactures of sisal grass, thirty per cent.
ad valorem.
I think that these articles in the raw state
should come in free of duty, for the reason that
it would cheapen the price to the consumer
and would not interfere with the production,
sale, and prices of flax produced in this country;
and yet I am not authorized by the Committee
on Manufactures to suggest any changes except
in the case of manufactures of Sisal grass, in
regard to which they think the duty should be
forty per cent, instead of thirty percent., as
here provided.
I come next to the duties on cloths made
from linen. In the bill as reported by the
Finance Committee the heaviest cloths and the
finest cloths are placed in the same schedule
and under the same classification. If the Senate
will refer to that part of the same bill which
applies to cloths made from cotton, they will
see that they are placed under five different
classifications, and the heavier goods bear a
different rate of duty from that which is im-
posed on the finer. In regard to burlaps,
canvass paddings, cot bottoms, &c., I desire
the same schedule of duties as is provided for
Cbtto'ns, four cents per square yard. Although
