642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22?
cottons are at ten per cent, ad valorem and
four cents per square yard, I think four cents
on these articles would amount to about the
same, in consequence of the increased price of
cottons, and I will show how that is.
I will take the article of burlaps,, worth now
in the market twelve and one half cents per
yard. Cotton of the same width is worth forty
cents a pound. I will put burlaps at the place
of importation at eight cents per yard in gold.
Thirty-five per cent, on that would make the ad
valorem duty $-2 80, and four cents per square
yard, according to the motion which I intend
to make, would make the duty on burlaps
$6 80. How, the duty on cotton goods is fixed
at four cents per square yard and ten per cent.
ad valorem. Reduce the forty cents that would
be required for the manufactured cottqn goods
of the first class according to this bill, to the
gold cost, and it would be about twenty-four
cents. Ten per cent, ad valorem duty on that
would be $2 40, and then add four cents per
square yard, and you would have $6 40 a yard
on cotton goods, compared with $6 80, as I
propose, for burlaps. In this same bill that
provision which applies to gunny-bags and
gunny cloths at four cents per pound would be
eight cents per square yard in comparison
with burlaps at $6 80 per square yard, so
that gunny-cloths, the heaviest and the easiest
made of any product in the country, has a
duty upon it of eight cents per square yard,
as compared with ยง8 80 on burlaps.
The bill of the Finance Committee goes on:
On all brown or bleached linens, ducks, canvas-
paddings, cot bottoms, burlaps, drills, coatings, brown
hollands, blay linens, Spanish linens, diaper, dam-
asks, erash, huckabacks, handkerchiefs, lawns, or
other manufactures of flax, hemp, or jute, or of which
flax, hemp, or jute is theeomponentmaterial of chief
value, not otherwise provided for, three cents per
square yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem.
My proposition is to classify this description
of goods the same as cotton goods of like qual-
ity, of like weight, but not of like expense of
manufacture, because, as I said before, it takes
three times the labor to produce linen fabrics
that it does cotton fabrics; and there is forty
per cent, more shrinkage in the bleached or
prepared condition of linens than is the case
with cotton goods. Now, in the place of the
clause which I have just read, I propose to
introduce this:
On all brown or bleached linens, damask table lin-
ens, damask brown hollands, Spanish linens, blay
linens, coatings, drills, diapers, crash, huckabacks,
handkerchiefs, lawns, and other manufactures of
flax, hemp, or jute, or of which flax, hemp, or jute is
the component material of chief value, valued at
thirty cents or less per square yard, five cents per
square yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem; valued at over thirty cents and not
over sixty cents per square yard, ten cents per square
yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad
valorem; valued at over sixty cents and not over one
dollar per square yard, fifteen cents per square yard,
and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valo-
rem ; valued at over one dollar persquareyard, twenty
cents per square yard, and,in addition thereto, thirty-
five per cent, ad valorem.
The ad valorem in my proposition is the same
as in that reported by the Committee on Fi-
nance, and the five cents per square yard in-
crease according to classification is pretty much
the same as is applied to cottons. The highest
rate I proposed is twenty cents per square yard
and thirty-five per cent, ad valorem as applied
to linens, while in the case of silks the ad va-
lorem duty is seventy per cent., nearly twice
the amount. A square yard of these finer
fabrics would cost in my instance four dollars,
a damask table-cloth for instance ; so that the
specific duty as you reach the higher grades is
really the cause of very little increased cost to
the consumer.
The next clause in the bill as reported is:
On cordage and rope, of whatever vegetable ma-
terial composed, three cents per pound.
The Committee on Manufactures have not
thought it worth while to disturb that. The
next item is as to the duty on gunny-cloth and
gunny-bags, to which I have already alluded.-
The uuty on gunny-cloths, as I have said, is
one and sixty one-hundredth* cent per square
yard more than the duty upon the finer fabrics.
The next item is:
On jute, hemp, or cocoannt matting and carpeting,
three cents per square yard, and, in addition thereto,
thirty per cent, ad valorem.
The House bill imposes six and one half
cents per square yard, and it may be remem-
bered that carpeting or matting of this char-
acter requires a large quantity of hemp or flax
made from tow that cannot be produced by
the hemp product of this country; and it would
seem that as the specific duty is in comparison
with the weight of the material very light, the
recommendation of the committee there should
be adopted.
I .come next to the item of thread. The Fi-
nance Committee have made two descriptions
of thread, one single and one double; and upon
each they fix two classifications and distinct
duties. The difference between a single yarn
and a double yarn is this: in a double
yarn there may be two or more yarns twisted
together, and a single yarn they reel upon
hanks. The expense of twisting and the ex-
pense of reeling is about the same, so that the
manufacturers have thought that there need not
be any different classes of duties applied to
threads because the fact really is that there is
no difference in expense bccausc the expense
of reeling two threads is as much as of twisting
two threads together. For that reason the
Committee on Manufactures have desired me
to suggest this classification:
On threads, patent threads, saddlers' threads, shoe
threads, gill-net thread or gill-net twine, pack thread,
and sewing machine thread, and all other threads,
twines, and yarns, single and when advanced beyond
single, made of flax, hemp.orjute, or the tow of flax,
hemp, or jute, valued at^hirty cents or less per pound,
five cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty-
five per cent, ad valorem.
It will be observed that where five cents per
pound is applied to yarns, five cents per square
yard is applied to cloth, so that the same
method is followed in classifying yarns that was
followed in the classification of cloth. The
only difference here is that the Finance Com-
mittee have made their classification on the
basis of the value of fifty cents per pound,
whereas the Committee on Manufactures have
thought it wise to fix a lower point, and have
taken as their classification thirty cents, sixty
cents, one dollar, and over one dollar, carrying
it out thus:
Y alucd at oyer thirty cents and not over sixty cents,
ten cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty-
five per cent, ad valorem; valued at over sixty cents
and not over one dollar per pound, fifteen cents per
pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per cent.
ad valorem: valued at over one dollar per pound
twenty cents per pound, and thirty-five per cent, ad
valorem.
The next item is with regard to the seines
and nets. In this regard the Committee on
Manufactures have adopted nearly the same
system in classifying these articles as the Com-
mittee on Finance, but when we arrive at the
higher values of all these higher classes of
yarns we find that on corresponding articles
of silk or cotton or wool the duty is from one
third to one half more than the corresponding
duty on articles of linen manufacture. The
proposition of the Committee on Manufactures
will be to substitute for the clause of the bill
of the Committee on Finance:
On seines ornctsmade of flax, hemp, or jute thread,
yarn, or twine, completed or in parts, valued at not
over fifty cents per poundor less, ten cents per pound,
and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad va-
lorem; valued at fifty cents and not over seventy-five
cents per pound, fifteen cents perpound. and, in addi-
tion thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem; valued
at over seventy-five cents per pound, twenty cents
per pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem.
I wish next to call attention to this clause
in the bill reported by the Committee on
Finance.
On jute yarns, single, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
In every other portion of the bill flax, hemp,
and jute yarns are included in a specific classi-
fication. Here it is brought down to thirty per
cent, ad valorem, but it is already provided
for in the previous clauses of the bill, and
therefore the Committee on Manufactures rec-
ommend that this line be stricken out. The
next clause is:
On coir yarn, one cent and a half per pound.
This coir yarn is a substitute for flax and
hemp. It may be introduced in the manufac-
ture abroad and mixed, or come unmixed, and
would to that extent interfere asith the ma-
chinery already in operation and ready to pro-
duce this article; but, as the Commissioner
has observed in his report, it is wise to admit
jute and coir with as little burden as possible,
because we have in the southern sections of this
country land and climate of such a character
as would produce them in a very short time if
there was a demand for them by the machinery
of our own country.
In place of the next clause of the bill of the
Committee on Finance, the Committee on
Manufactures propose to offer this:
On webbing, tapes, galloons, bindings, gimps, trim-
mings, braids, plain or otherwise, made of flax, hemp,
or jute, or of parts of either, or of which fiax, hemp,
or jute shall bo the component material of chief
value, sixty per cent, ad valorem.
Thus raising the duty fixed by the Commit-
tee on Finance from fifty per cent, to sixty
per cent.; and it will be observed that the rate
of ad valorem duty which we propose is about
the same as that applied to cottons on page 11.
The per cent, of ad valorem duty on cottons
is sixty per cent., as will be seen by reference
to that page. On page 18 you will see that
woolens are put at seventy per cent., and on
page 21 silks at forty-five per cent, ad valorem
and fifty cents per pound.
The next clause of the hill of the Commit-
tee on Finance is:
On all other manufacturers of flax, hemp, or jute,
or other similar fiber, not herein otherwise specified,
forty per cent, ad valorem.
The Committee on Manufactures recom-
mend that that be fifty per cent.
I think I have gone over the list, and now I
desire to say to the Senate that I have exam-
ined the subject of the duties on linens care-
fully as in comparison with those on cottons,
and that the Committee on Manufactures have
also examined it with care ; and although T
may not have been able to express myself
with sufficient clearness to the Senate, they
may be assured that the facts are as I have
stated them, and that the classification which
the Committee on Manufactures propose bears
a close similarity to that of cottons, and is a
reduction of one cent per square yard as com-
pared with the duties upon the heavier articles
of cottons. The illustration which I have made
compares the duties on linen with those on the
heavier cottons, but the difference between the
suggestions of the Committee on Manufactures
and those of the Committee on Finance when
applied to the light fabrics and light yarns W
not very great. The difference is only iu the
classification which the Committee on Manu-
factures propose to introduce with a view to
promote this new branch of industry, standing
as it does where the cotton manufacture stood
twenty years ago. Capital is now at its dis-
posal, ready to enter upon the business so as
to be able in a few years to compete success-
fully with the manufactures of flax and hemp
abroad. There is a large amount of this prod-
uct now imported into this country in conse-
quence of the inability of the American manu-
facturers to produce it. When it is considered
that this country can produce forty millions of
flax which may be put into fabrics, and that
the stimulus thus given will increase produc-
tion correspondingly, the flax-grower may
readily understand the advantage it is to him
to promote this industry and to protect this
product."
I desire to state as a matter of fact one other
point which I know about myself. Four dol-
lars per week will employ a hand on cottons
that will attend to six hundred spindies, whereas
it requires seven dollars to attend to one hun-
dred and twenty spindles on linens. And when
I say that the introduction of linen machinery
that will produce articles as fine, aa well man-
ufactured, and as cheap, if you leavs out of view
