1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1407
temperance prevail in this country. I profess
myself, although not having signed " the
pledge," to be a temperance man; and wish to
promote that cause by every means within my
power. I take it for granted, however, in the
present state of hnmanity, that brandy will con-
tinue to be an article of consumption. There-
fore, unless we make the article, ourselves, it
will be imported from other countries.
Now, sir, the proposed tax of two dollars a
gallon, as it affects a large and growing inter-
est upon the Pacific coast, becomes a question
demanding serious consideration. We are on
that coast far removed from the markets of the
world, and whatever we manufacture must be
sent thousands, I may say almost tens of thou-
sands of miles for sale. From what the gen-
tleman from New York has said, it seems they
are now growing jealous because they do not
send us the large amount of intoxicating liquors
that they did formerly. I think one reason for
t.he diminution in that respect is the people on
the Pacific coast have much improved in that
particular. I have noticed lately there is not
so much drinking done there as in previous
years. Formerly you c'ould not travel on any
steamboat without being compelled to go up to
the " bar" four or five times and take a drink
if you did not wish to offend any person. Now
you may travel throughout the length and
breadth of California and see but very lew
intoxicated men. Such is my experience.
Our exports heretofore have been gold and
silver, but our mines may give out. Our pro-
duction in that regard is liable to change. In
some localities they may give out altogether.
We wish, therefore, to build up an interest, if
need be, to take the place of the mining interest.
Mr. HILL. I desire to ask the gentleman
from California, whether, as a member from
that great State, he says that in order to supply
his losses from a decline in his mining interest
it is necessary that he should be favored with a
tax of only fifty cents upon the grape brandy?
Mr. BIDWELL. I believe you will have
as much revenue at fifty cents per gallon as at
two dollars, for at fifty cents per gallon you
will have probably ten times as much manu-
factured as at two dollars. Then in the man-
ufacture of brandy you will use an article
which otherwise would be thrown away ; and
it will be thrown away if the manufacture of
brandy is prohibited in cffcct -by the imposition
of too high a tax. When you express wine
from the grape, the must which is left is distilled
into brandy, and if we make the tax two dollars
a gallon that must will be thrown, away.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
oppose the amendment, for the purpose of call-
ing attention to the fact that the gentleman
from Indiana will reach his purpose by striking
out the whole line as moved by the gentleman
from Iowa, as all distilled spirits are now sub-
ject to a tax of two dollars. As has been
stated, there is a proviso which allows the
Commissioner, with the approval of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, to make any change in
the law in regard to the manufacture of spirits
distilled from grapes; but, sir 
Mr. HILL. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. THAYER. If the gentleman expects
to get this bill passed he is mistaken, unless
there is some limit to this debate.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Unless
it is the understanding that this debate shall
now close, 1 will move that the committee rise
for that purpose.
The amendment of Mr. Price was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
On hats, caps, bonnets, and hoods of all descrip-
tions, two per cent, advalorem.
On hoop-skirts, two por cont. ad valorem.
On manufactures of wool, two and a bait per cent.
ad valorem.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move to insert in lieu
of the last paragraph the following:
On woolen cloths, woolen shawls, and all manufac-
tures of wool of every description, made wholly or m
part of wool, two and a half per cent, ad valorem.
I do not suppose the committee will object
to the amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. Does the gentleman offer
that amendment as coming from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means?
Mr. MOORHEAD. No, sir; but I supposed
there would be no objection to it. If gentle-
men. will turn to page 5 of the House tariff bill
they will find the description exactly as given
here. This amendment was prepared in the
office of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue. He thinks the language here not ex-
plicit enough, and prefers it should be amended
as I have suggested.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to make a sugges-
tion in relation to this paragraph. The object
of the committee was to exempt the manu-
facturers of wool, because we were led to be-
lieve that that interest is now very much de-
pressed ; but the effect of the amendment o'f
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Moor-
head] will be, not only to exempt the manu-
facturers of wool, but also manufacturers of
wool and cotton combined, even where there
is but a single thread of wool and the re-
mainder of the fabric is cotton.
Nosv, while I would have no special objec-
tion to exempting cotton manufactures to the
extent of two and a half per cent., yet I do
not think we ought to vary from the conclu-
sion of the committee. I have therefore pre-
pared this amendment, which I will offer as
an amendment to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Moorhead:]
On manufactures of wool, or of which wool is
the chief component material and the component
material of chief value, two and a half per cent.
That will apply the two and a half per cent,
only to fabrics composed chiefly of wool, and
of which wool is the chief material of value.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the
opinion that the amendment of the gentleman
from Iowa will not be in order until the amend-
ment of rhe gentleman from Pennsylvania has
been disposed of.
Mr. BROOMALL. Is it in order to move
to perfect the original text of the bill before
the vote is taken on the amendment of my col-
league from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Moorhead?]
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment _ pro-
posed by the gentleman's colleague is an
amendment to the original text, and there-
fore the gentleman's amendment must be an
amendment to the amendment of his colleague.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move then to insert
after the word "wool," where it last occurs,
the words "and cotton;" so that it will read:
On manufactures of wool and cotton, two and a
half per cent, ad valorem,
I see no reason why manufactures of cotton
should be put on a different footing from man-
ufactures of wool. I am glad that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means find that the condi-
tion of the finances of the country will, in their
judgment, admit of a reduction of the tax upon
woolen manufactures, and I had hoped that
they would have seen occasion to reduce the
tax upon cotton manufactures also. I hope
they will assent to this amendment. It gets
rid of the difficulty suggested by the gentle-
man from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,] one of the
members of the committee, of discriminating
between the tax upon cotton and that upon
wool, and I hope it will be adopted by the
committee.
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection to the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Broomall,] provided, in the opin-
ion of the committee, the revenue of the coun-
try will bear the exemption of both these staple
articles. But if the committee should be_of
the opinion that that is too large an exemption
for the revenue of the country, there is_a very
marked difference between the condition of
the woolen and the cotton manufacturing in-
terests of the country; and it would be alto-
gether wrong to both of those interests if in
attempting to exempt them both we should
fail to exempt either.
I hold in my hand returns from the internal
revenue office touching the manufactures both
of cotton and of wool, and I have to say that
mv own district is about equally divided in
these two manufactures. The State of Massa-
chusetts produces exactly thirty-six per cent,
of all the cotton manufactures of the country,
and precisely that amount of all the woolen
manufactures of the country, as revealed by
the internal revenue office.
Now, sir, while the cotton manufactures of
the country are, judging from the taxes paid
upon them, more prosperous than they l ave
ever been, are increasing in prosperity, and
ask no increase of tariff at all, the woolen
manufactures have never been so depressed
for very many years. The loss to the internal
revenue upon the woolen manufactures of the
country for the last three months, as revealed
in the internal revenue office, was thirty-three
per cent, in the whole country, thirty-six per
cent, in the State of Massachusetts, and sixty
per cent, in my own district.
Now, my district is very largely interested
in cotton manufactures, and I should be very
glad to give this relief to the cotton interest.
If the committee think that we can exempt
both interests, I have not a word to say against
it. But it is a serious question whether the
woolen interest can survive the burdens now
placed upon it or whether it will not be
crushed out by their weight. The Committee
of Ways and Means have recommended the
reduction of two and a half per cent, on
woolen manufactures, and I beg the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Broomall,]
unless his information in reference to the cot-
ton interest differs from mine, that he will not
hazard the fate of the whole woolen interest
of the country by attaching to this proposition
a reduction on cotton manufactures.
The question was taken on Mr. Broomall's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Moorhead's
amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask my friend from Penn-
sylvania to withdraw that amendment, so as to
enable me to offer one which I have prepared.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I will hear it.
Mr. ALLISON. I propose the following:
On manufactures of wool, or of which wool is the
chief component material and the component mate-
rial of chief value, two and a half per cent, ad valo-
rem.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I will accept that as a
substitute for my amendment.
Mr. O'NEILL. I will ask my colleague to
insert in his amendment after the word '' shawls''
the word "carpets."
Mr. MOORHEAD. I have accepted the
amendment of the gentleman from Iowa, and
the word " shawl" is not in it.
The question was taken upon Mr. Moor-
head's amendment, as modified by Mr. Alli-
sojt, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to insert after line one hundred and fifteen the
following:
That section ninety-six be amended by inserting
after the words, " and also all goods, wares, and mer-
chandise and articles," and before the words made
or manufactured from materials," the words not
specially named and taxed, and which are.
The object of that amendment is to improve
the phraseology of the present law_ and to re-
move some obstacles to the administration of
it. The amendment comes from the internal
revenue department, and is offered by instruc-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELIvER. I move to insert after line
one hundred and fifteen the following:
On saddles, bridles, and harnesses, two per ccnt.
ad valorem.
Mr. Chairman, I see no reason why saddlers
and harness-makers should not beplaced on the
same footing as shoemakers and tailors. Under
the present law harness-makers are taxed live
per cent. We have already exempted by our
internal revenue law all the agricultural imple-
ments of the country, and this bill propose
to exempt two or three articles not heretofore
exempted. 1 can see no reason why we should
not extend the exemption to harness-makers
| and place them in the same position as slioe-
! makers and tailors.
