1408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
oppose the amendment. We have exempted
leather altogether from tax.
Mr. WELKER. I understand that, but that
exemption applies to shoemakers as well as to
harness-makers.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. All leather
is exempted from taxation, so that the manu-
facturer works with a raw material that is
untaxed.
Mr. WELKER. The law gives the shoe-
maker an advantage over the harness-maker,
and I cannot see any reason for it. The pres-
ent tax is five per cent. I propose to reduce
it to two per cent., the same that the shoemaker
pays. He uses leather the same as the harness-
maker does, and I do not see the propriety of
making any distinction between these classes
of manufactures.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Saddles
and bridles are not so generally used as the
articles which the shoemakers manufacture.
We put boots and shoes at a lower rate, because
every man, woman, and child, rich or poor, has
to use them.
Mr. WELKER. I know that.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. We
thought that clothing should pay as small a
tax as possible.
Mr. WELKER. I suggest that all agricult-
ural implements are now exempted, and sad-
dles and bridles and- harnesses are about as
necessary to carry on agricultural operations
as almost anything else that could be named.
I think they ought not to be overtaxed. I call
for tellers on my amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Welder
and Hooper, of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes CO, noes 40.
So the amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
That seotion one Hundred and throo be amended
by striking out the words " until the 30th day of
April, 1807."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend this paragraph by inserting after the
words "by striking out the" the words " word
'ferry' " where it occurs twice in the second
proviso, and by striking out the quotation
marks. And 1 will explain briefly the object
of rny amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to strike out the
cnliro paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. That question cannot
bo put until the paragraph is perfected.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Under
the present law steamboats now pay a tax of
' two and one half per cent. Perries are in-
cluded with bridges, under a tax of three per
cent. That has made a great deal of confusion
in the bureau, as to which head the steamboats
used as ferry-boats should come under. The
object of this amendment is to put steam ferry-
boats upon the same footing with other steam-
bouts.
Mr. WILLIAMS. In order that this House
may be consistent with itself I think this en-
tire paragraph should be stricken out. We
have already decided the same principle in
reference to the tax on gas companies, and
that, too, by a very decided vote.
Mr. HOOPER of Massachusetts. _ The
amendment which I propose is distinct from
the subject to which the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Williams] refers. However,
as ho desires to submit his motion, I will with-
draw my amendment for the present.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I now move to strike
out the entire paragraph. I will merely say
to the Ilouse that this is the same princi-
ple that was involved in the action • of the
House in reference to the tax on gas companies.
The Ilouse by^ a very decisive vote, three or
four to one, if my recollection serves me
correctly, decided that it was not competent
for Congress to shift a burden from one party
to another; to remove limitations imposed
upon corporations by State legislation ; in fact
to 'make contracts for corporations which they
never made themselves. Therefore, in order
to be consistent in our action, this paragraph
should be stricken out.
Mr. MOORHEAD. The House may have
struck out the paragraph, as the gentleman
says ; but it was not upon the ground he has
assigned.
Mr. WOODBRIDGrE. If the Committee
of the Whole adopt the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Williams,] 
The hour of half past four o'clock p. m.
having arrived, the Speaker resumed the chair,
and the House, pursuant to order, took a
recess until half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
constitutional amendment.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Governor of the State
of Pennsylvania, announcing the ratification
by the Legislature of tho State of Pennsylvania
of the amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, proposed by the Congress of the
United States at its last session; which was
laid on the table.
national currency.
Mr. KUYItENDALL asked and obtained
leave, by unanimous consent, to have printed
in the Globe the following petition:
To the Senate and House of Itenresentatives of the United
States in Congress assembled;
Your petitioners, inhabitants of Oberlin, Ohio, re-
spectfully represent to your honorablo body that the
present "national banking system" of currency is
unjust in all its bearings; and especially in that—
1. It loavos tho oontvol of the currency, which
should belong to the entire people, to the few capi-
talists ;
2. It secures to those capitalists double interest on
their bonds, which thepooplo, tho laboring elassos,
have to pay diroctly or indirectly and;
3. It deprives the Government, and thereby tho
people, of fclio benefits which would result from a
proper systom of national finance.
For thoso reasons, and for innuraberable other col-
lateral reasons, wo heartily pray you to abolish tho
"national banking systom," and to substitute for a
currency a systom to which not an honest laborer
over objootcd, namely, tho issue of demand losal-
tender Treasury notes. With such a currency as this,
and with only such, are tho poople, or ever will they
bo, satisfied; and this is ono of tho essentials to a
sound currency. No currency can bo safe in which
the pcoplo Uavo not tho most implicit confidence.
compound-interest notes.
Mr. nOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to introduce and have re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
a bill to provide ways and means for the pay-
ment of compound-interest notes, and for
other purposes.
Mr. PRICE. I object.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent,
the House ordered that this evening's session
should be devoted to the consideration of fifteen
Senate'bills, to be reported from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move that the con-
sideration of pension business bo postponed,
and that the House go into the Committee of
the Whole on the tax bill.
The SPEAKER. That will require unan-
imous consent; as the consideration of pension
business was assigned for this evening by unan-
imous consent of the House.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I object to the post-
ponement of the pension business.
patrick 31eeiian.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported back, with an amend-
ment, Senate bill No. 513, granting a pension
to Patrick Meehan.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place tho name of Patrick
Meehan, late a corporal in company I, eighty-
ninth regiment Indiana volunteers on the pen-
sion-roll, at the rate of fifteen dollars per
month, to commence from June 6, 1866.
The amendment of the committee was to
strike out the words "at the rate of fifteen dol-
lars per month" and to insert in lieu thereof
the words "subject to the provisions of the
pension law."
The amendment was agreed to; and the
bill, as amended, was read the third time, and
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; a,nd also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ezra b. gordon.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back with amend-
ments a bill (H. R. No. 602) entitled "An act
granting a pension to Ezra B. Gordon."
The bill, which was read at length, proposes
to authorize and direct the Secretary of the
Interior to place the name of Ezra B. Gordon,
late a private in company F, fourth regiment
New Hampshire volunteers on the pension-roll
at the rate of fifteen dollars per month, com-
mencing with the passage of the act and con-
tinuing during his natural life.
The amendment reported by the committee
was read, as follows :
Strikeout all after the word "roll" in the second
line and insert the words, " subject to the provisions
of the pension law."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
charles appleton.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it pass, a bill (S. No. 514)
entitled "An act for the relief of Charles
Appleton."
The question was on ordering the bill to be
road the third time.
The bill, which was read at length, author-
izes and directs the Secretary of the Interior
to increase the pension of Charles Appleton,
late a soldier in the United States Army, from
eight dollars per month to fifteen dollars per
month, and to pay him such increased pension
from the passage of this bill.
Mr. DAVIS. Does the committee propose
any amendment to this bill?
Mr. PERHAM. No, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. Why is there is a discrimina-
tion between this case and the other?
Mr. PERHAM. Because the circumstances
are different.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
joiin carter.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that it pass, a bill (S. No. 554) entitled
"An act granting a pension to John Carter."
The question was on ordering the bill to be
read a third time.
The bill, which was read at length, author-
izes and directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of John Carter, late a pri-
vate in company H, fifth regiment United
States infantry, on the pension-roll, at the
rate of fifteen dollars per month, to commence
from the passage of this bill, and to continue
during his natural life.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to know from the
chairman of the committee the reason for this
discrimination in reference to these different
cases. ' Some of these persons are allowed a
pension absolutely at the rate of fifteen dollars
per month, while others are simply provided
for " subject to the provisions of the pension
law."
