38
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
39th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
The naval stations which were established at
various points on the southern coast, to pro-
mote the efficiency ot" the blockade, have been
discontinued, and the supplies which were on
hand when the blockade was raised and the
squadrons were withdrawn, have been sold or
transferred elsewhere, as the public interest
required. The reduction of these stations has
been effected as economically and with as little
waste as was possible.
Prudence required that a naval force should
continue for a period to line our coast, in or-
der to prevent any renewal of hostilities, or any
further infraction of the laws. Happily no con-
tingency lias arisen calling for naval interposi-
tion, and it is a subject ot' congratulation that
since the surrender of the armies and the ter-
mination of the blockade, tranquillity has per-
vaded the States which were in rebellion. The
people lately in insurrection have peacefully
submitted to the result of the war, accepted its
legal consequences, acquiesced in the decision
against secession, and acknowledged their alle-
giance to the Constitution and Government of
the Union. Some discontent has been exhib-
ited in consequence of the attempts to impose
upon this portion of ourcountrymcn, since their
submission, terms which are regarded as in the
nature of ex post facto laws, ami to enforce on
the States, as a condition-precedent to their re-
sumption of their rights under the Constitution,
the adaption of an amendment to that instru-
ment in the preparation and presentment of
which they had 110 voice or representation, and
which, if incorporated into the organic law, is
conceded as changing in essential respects the
character of the Government. That they and
others should object to and oppose such ameas-
ure is not surprising. So far as they are con-
cerned it conflicts with the acknowledged truth
that Government derives its just powers from
the consent of the governed, and it conflicts
equally with the method prescribed by the Con-
stitution for the initiation and submission to
the States of all amendments to the fundamen-
tal law. Yet never, perhaps, in the annals of
the world have the inhabitants of such an
extent of country, previously accustomed to
self-government, so soon and so generally sub-
mitted to the results brought upon them by
defeat.
Intemperate language has been uttered by
violent and inconsiderate partisans, but peace-
able acquiescence has generally prevailed for
the last eighteen months through the South.
A domestic disturbance of a local character,
having its origin in a controversy concerning
the State government, broke into a lamentable
riot at New Orleans, which was speedily sup-
pressed witliout assistance from the naval ves-
sels which were in front of the city, and ready
to render aid if required. There was not then,
nor has there been in any quarter, resistance
to the Federal authority; nor have there been
any of the anticipated outbreaks such as in
Other countries have followed the disbanding
of great armies, and which it was apprehended
might require not only military but naval force"
to overcome. The rebellion being suppressed
and the cause or pretext which led to it ex-
tinguished, there has been no obstacle to the
reestablishment of the Union and the restora-
tion of fraternal relations, save the passions
and resentments incident to a civil war. Grad-
ually our home squadrons have been dimin-
ished and finally wholly withdrawn, excepting
a force which has been and is maintained in
the Gulf with reference as much to foreign as
domestic affairs.
GENERAL EXHIBIT 01' TIIE NAVY.
The total number of vessels in the Navy at
this time is two hundred and seventy-eight,
armed with two thousand three hundred and
fifty-one guns. Of these, there are in com-
mission and nu active duty one hundred and
fifteen vessels, carrying one thousand and
twenty-nine guns. The following general ex-
hibit gives in detail a statement of the char-
acter and condition of the naval force :
Vessels in squadron service..
Number. Guna.
Vessels on service at home stations,
including receiving ships, Naval
Academy, navy-yard duty, <fcc 
Iron-clad vessels not completed 
Steam vessels not completed 
Sailing vesselsnotcompleted (old line-
of-battle ships) 
Wooden vessels laid up, repairing, fit-
ting for sea, and for sale 
69
694
9
83
37
252
m
1,029
54
147
7
40
19
3SS
2
-
81
749
Total numberof vessels and guns.. 278 2,351
The total number of seamen in the naval
and coast survey service is about 13,000 men.
THE SQUADRONS.
In the spring of 1865 measures were taken,
while reducing our naval force and disbanding
our blockading fleets, to reestablish our for-
eign squadrons, which had been recalled in
the spring of 1861. For four years our com-
mercial interests had necessarily been left
almost without other protection than such as
could bo rendered by a few isolated cruisers,
which represented us at remote points. But
the display of the flag of the Union in foreign
ports and on distant seas, even at long inter-
vals, by a roving man-of-war, was an admo-
nition of the naval power of the Republic,
,wlrich, though employed for the time in aiding
to suppress domestic difficulties, it was well
I understood would be prompt and efficient in
i; vindicating the rights and interests of our
I countrymen.
Before the close of the year in which the
rebellion was suppressed, our foreign squad-
rons were reestablished, and the admirals in
command on their respective stations. These
squadrons have been from time to time aug-
mented, and, with a degree of activity and
energy never before exhibited, have, by one
or more of their vessels, during the year visited
nearly every principal port of the world. The
views of the Department enjoining activity,
and the exhibition of the flag of our Navy
wherever our commerce penetrated, have been
faithfully observed, and the reappearance of
our men-of-war has been welcomed, not only
by our countrymen, but by the people of every
nation which they have visited, r
EUROPEAN SQUADRON.
The restrictions imposed upon American
armed ships during the rebellion, by the great
maritime Powers of southern Europe, virtually
excluded our naval vessels from the ports of
those countries. When Rear Admiral Golds-
borough received his orders, these restrictions
had not been removed, and, avoiding for the
time the ports and countries from which our
men-of-war had been excluded, he established
his headquarters at Lisbon. !
This squadron, which is still commanded by j
Rear Admiral Goldsborougk, is composed of j
the following vessels: j
Colorado, flag-sliip  48 guns.
Ticond eroga  11
Augusta  10 "
Swatara  10 "
Shamrock  10
Canntidaigua  9 "
Frolic   5 "
Miantonomoh  4 "
(runrd  3 "
lno  3 "
The limits of this squadron embrace the
Mediterranean, the western coast of Europe,
and Africa as far south as St. Paul de Loando.
Great activity has been exhibited by most of
the vessels, some of which have visited the prin-
cipal ports of the Baltic and the Mediterranean,
as well as those on the Atlantic. Except when
important public interests or some unavoidable
circumstance has rendered their presence in
port indispensable, the ships have been almost
constantly cruising. In pursuance of the system
of active operations adopted by the Department
when reestablishing the foreign squadrons,
lengthy anchorages and cruising collectively
have been avoided.
These naval representatives of our country-
were warmly welcomed by the different nation-
alities, and more extended commercial and
friendly intercourse was invited. The appear-
ance of our naval vessels gave confidence
wherever they went, and encouragement to
the immense emigration which, like an irre-
sistible current, flows with increasing volume
westward, especially from northern Europe.
On the decks of one or more of the vessels
of this squadron the sovereigns, or some rep-
resentative of the reigning families, and the
people, of most of the maritime Powers of
Europe have, during the year, received and
interchanged courtesies with our officers. All
expressed their gratification with the reappear-
ance of our flag in their waters, and extended
their congratulations on the return of peace
and the restoration of the Union.
When the usual tranquillity of any of those
countries has been disturbed by wars and rev-
olutions, the appearance of our flag has im-
parted security to our citizcns there located.
In the early part of the year the disturbed con-
dition of Spain, and during the summer the
war between Austria and Prussia and Italy,
excited lively interest. An ample force during
those periods was maintained on the Spanish
coast, and the German ports were visited.
When agitations and revolutions ceased in one
quarter, and peace wa3 restored in the other,
the active movements of the squadron were
resumed.
The Ticonderoga passed the Dardanelles and
went up to the capital of Turkey on the 7th of
September. The anchoring of a man-of-war
of her dimensions in the Bosphorus, before the
palace of the Sultan, had not been permitted
to the naval vessels of any other Power since
the treaty of 1850. The officers were received
by the Sultan and people in the most cordial
manner, and the vessel was visited by the grand
vizier, his minister of foreign affairs, and others
of his cabinet, and by the members of the
diplomatic corps at Constantinople. On her
arrival at Tripoli on the 18th of October she
was received with marked courtesy by his
Highness Prince Pasha and the officials in the
place. Our consul there reports that the visit
had a most happy effect, none of our men-of-
war having visited the place for several years.
The shores of Greece, the Syrian coast, the
Barbary States, and the settlements on the
northwest coast of Africa accessible to our
ships-of-war, have received due attention, and
friendly relations have been cultivated in all
those quarters.
The large emigration to our shores from
Germany and northern Europe rendered it
important that special attention should be
directed to that quarter. Early in the spring
the Department had made preparations to send
out the turreted iron-clad Miantonomoh, accom-
panied by the steamer Augusta, to join the
European squadron. Before these vessels were
ready to sail, Congress passed the resolution
approved May Ki, 18i5<>, greeting the Emperor,
and congratulating the people of Russia on the
.escape ot his Imperial Majesty from assassina-
tion. A request that the President should
forward a copy of this resolution to the Em-
peror, followed by the authorized appointment
ot an additional Assistant Secretary of the Navy
for six months, led to the designation of Assist-
ant Secretary G. V. Fox to bear to his Impe-
rial Majesty the resolution of Congress. He
was authorized to take passage in the Mianto-
nomoh. which vessel, with her companion the
Augusta, was directed, before reporting to
Rear Admiral Goldsborough, to proceed to
Cronstadt to carry out the purpose of Con-
gress. In compliance with these orders those
vessels have visited the Baltic, and have also
