1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
entered the principal ports from Cronstadt to
Lisbon, including the capitals of Sweden and
Denmark.
The reception of this force wherever it has
appeared, and especially in Russia, where all
classes were impressed with the friendly sym-
pathy evinced by our Government toward the
Emperor and people, was of a most flattering
character. The Assistant Secretary and the
officers of the Navy were welcomed with festiv-
ities and extraordinary courtesy and attention
for a succession of days, not only at St. Peters-
burg. but at Moscow, and throughout the em-
pire. and warm friendship was everywhere man-
ifested for our country and people.
Great courtesy has been shown the squadron
in the ports of those countries from which our
men-of-war had for several years been excluded,
and every facility has been extended at their
dock-yards and elsewhere for the accommoda- \
tion and repairs of any of our vessels. !
Contagious disease has prevailed at many
places, which our vessels could not visit unless
required to do so by absolute necessity.
In order that the activity and service of this
and all our squadrons may be known and appre-
ciated, an enumeration of the ports which they
have respectively visited is given.
During the year the flag of the Navy has
been shown at Queenstown, Kingston, Belfast,
Liverpool, Swansea, Falmouth, Portsmouth,
Southampton, Plymouth, Sheerness, Spithead,
Chatham, and other points in Great Britain ;
Marseilles, Toulon, Brest, Cherbourg, L'Ori-
ent, Rochefort, Lormont near Bordeaux, and
Villa Franca, in France; Barcelona, Malaga,
Carthagena, Corunna, Valencia, Gibraltar,
Terragona, Cadiz, Ferrol, Port Malion, Vigo,
and ofher ports in Spain; Lisbon and Oporto,
in Portugal; Messina, Palermo, and Syracuse,
in Sicily; Naples, Spezia,Leghorn, and Civita
Vecchia, in Italy; Milo, Athens, and Piraeus,
in Greece ; Constantinople, and the islands of
Candia and Cyprus, in the Turkish dominions;
Syria. Beyrout, Trieste, Venice, Alexandria,
Tripoli, Tunis, Algiers, Tangiers, Antwerp,
Kiel, Hamburg, Flushing, Nieuwe-Diep, Sierra
Leone, Monrovia, the Cape de Verd Islands,
the Canaries, the Azores, Porto Praya, St.
Iago, the ports on the Elbe and ^ eser, in
Germany, and many others of lesser note.
ASIATIC SQUADRON.
The Asiatic squadron embraces the eastern
coast of Africa and Asia, and the islands which
stud the seas and oceac eastward of the Cape
of Good Hope. The squadron is commanded
by Rear Admiral II. H. Bell, who reached
Batavia, within the limits of his command, on
the 28th of December, 18G5. The vessels of
the squadron are—
Hartford, flag-ship -23 guns.
Wachusett. 10 ^
Monoeacy '0 ,,
Ashuelot 10
Shenandoah „
Wyoming  <
bupply  "
Relief  3
All the open ports of China, including some
■which no American man-of-war had ever en-
tered, have been visited by the vessels of this
squadron. Rear Admiral Bell in April pro-
ceeded to Canton, where he had a friendly re-
ception and an agreeable interview with the
governor general of the Quantung provinces.
The disposition manifested toward our country
and countrymen was of a gratifying character.
Unlike the great maritime nations of Europe,
the Chinese Government and people gave no
encouragement or recognition to the rebels in
their war upon the Union.
American residents in that far distant quar-
ter of the globe have not been interfered with
in their legal pursuits, or molested by the
natives, save in a single instance. The excep-
tion was that of the United States consul at
New Chwang, who was assaulted by a party of
dissolute characters. The Wachusett was dis-
patched in June to that port for the purpose
of securing the arrest and punishment of the .1
parties who were engaged in the outrage. By j
the considerate yet determined course of Com- !;
mander Townsend the trial of eight of them /
was secured, and conviction followed. The 1
ninth, and chief instigator, whom the authori-
ties seemed powerless to arrest, was seized by
Commander Townsend and delivered over for
trial.
While waiting the decision of the courts in
the case of these outlaws, Commander Town-
send, at the request of the Chinese customs
authorities, availed himself of the occasion to
survey the bar at the mouth of the Lian river.
The channel was ascertained and buoyed for
the benelit of the commerce of the world.
The increase or renewal of piracy in the
Chinese waters has rendered the institution
of decisive and vigorous measures for its ar-
rest a necessity. Rear Admiral Bell has been
fully authorized to act in concert with the naval
commanders of other nations on that station in
the suppression of piratical depredations. 1
The small number of our vessels in those
waters—as compared with the English and
French fleets—-as well as the size of our ships,
has not admitted of enlarged and complete
arrangements for pursuing the lawless depre-
dators, who seek shelter among the shoaled
and most intricate waters. A class of smaller
vessels will soon reenforce this squadron. In j
the mean time, Rear Admiral Bell is giving !
his earnest efforts to this great object, and the j
force under his command is under orders to j
pursue with vigor and destroy all piratical ves- ]
sels, and deliver the captured freebooters to j,
the authorities at the nearest consular ports. |j
During the summer, Rear Admiral Bell has j
visited the several open ports of Japan in his !
flag-ship, the Hartford, taking with him one or
more of the other vessels of his squadron. -
He passed through the Straits of Simonosaki 1
and the inland sea, where no American man- j
of-war had been since 1863. There were ap- !
prehensions that he might meet with some
opposition in that quarter in consequence of
the rebellious attitude of the Prince of Nagote
toward the Government of the Tycoon and
the existence of war between them. He met
with none, however, and the passage was made
quietly, without holding communication with
the citizens of the disaffected province, in ac-
cordance with his determination announced to
the governor of Nagasaki before departing
from that port. This pass is an important one
to the commerce of the United States, and
the passage of our.vessels through it, during
a season of hostility, indicates that there is a
disposition on the part of the people of Japan
to reciprocate the kind feelings which we en- j
tertain toward them and to respect our flag. ■
The manifestations of the Japanese toward
Americans have been more friendly than to
any other nation. While Europeans were ex-
cluded from intercourse with them, they en-
tered into treaties with the United States and
opened their ports to our trade. It is impor-
tant in every point of view that these amicable
relations should be cultivated and sustained,
and that there should be no aggressive act on
our part to interrupt or disturb them. In the
not distant future it will be of importance to
this countxv to secure the commerce of Japan,
and we shield not permit ourselves to become
complicated in the controversies of otherPow-
ers with this peculiar people. Such is the
policy of this Department.
The Shenandoah on her way to the Asiatic
coast visited many points, after leaving the
Cape of Good Hope, unfrequented by vessels
of the United States Navy. The intercourse
between the officers and the authorities in all
instances was mutually pleasant. While at
Tamatav, in the island of Madagascar, Cap-
tain Goldsborough, in company with the United
States consul and a large number of officers of
the Shenandoah, made an official visit to the
governor of the province, by whom, surrounded
by his councilors, he w*as received in the coun-
cil chamber. The governor expressed his grati-
fication and pleasure in seeing an American
vessel-of-war for the first time in a port of
Madagascar, and offered any assistance in his
power which the vessel might require. The
treatment received from the natives was most
kind and hospitable.
Proceeding up the Arabian sea, the Shenan-
doah anchored in the cove of Muscat on the
15th of September last, where she remained until
the 18th. Immediately on the arrival of the ves-
sel an officer came on board with the compli-
ments of the Iman, to extend welcome to the
port, to offer the facilities of the place, and to
express the desire of his Highness to exchange
the customary courtesies. A salute of twenty-
one guns was fired by the Shenandoah, and
promptly returned. The commanding officer
and others of the vessel called on the Iman,
who, surrounded by the governor of the prov-
ince, the councilors of state, and several mili-
tary officers, received them in a dignified man-
ner. The Iman was particular in his inquiries
as to the health of the President and the peo-
ple of the United States, with whom he hoped
to be always on terms of peace. There are no
American residents at this place, but our com-
merce, which we desire to encourage and ex-
tend to every sea, was not absent from this
distant quarter, there being two vessels at the
time belonging to our countrymen waiting car-
goes in the cove of Muscat.
In May last the headquarters of the squadron
were removed from Macao and reestablished
at Hong Kong, which is considered the most
convenient and best adapted locality for that
purpose.
The following ports, among others, have
been visited by the vessels of Rear Admiral
Bell's command: Macao, Swatow, Amoy, Foo-
Chow, Ningpo, Shanghai, Whampoa, Canton,
New Chwang, Chee-Foo, Tang-Chow, andTas-
kee, in China; the ports of Japan; Manilla,
in the Philippine Islands ; Ambong, in Bor-
neo ; and Batavia. On her way out, the Shen-
andoah touched at Fayal, Funchal, Santa
Cruz, Porto Grande, Porto Praya, Simons-
town, Mauritius, Tamatav, in Madagascar;
Mahe, one of the Seychelles group ; Muscat,
in Arabia ; Bombay, Ceylon, Calcutta, Penang,
and Singapore.
NORTH ATLANTIC SQUADROS.
During the greater part of the year the ser-
vice required of the Navy on the North Atlantic
coast and in the West Indies has been divided
between three squadrons, but on the 1st of
November last the Atlantic coast and West
India squadronK"werc consolidated, and there-
after designated the North Atlantic squadron,
the combined forces being commanded by Rear
Admiral Palmer. The vessels are as follows:
Rhode Island, flag-ship 
O.-ceola l[j „
S.ico 
Mackinaw j" ,,
  4<
  ««
Lenapcc ^ ,4
Chieopec „
Monon^ahela  £ 44
De Soto  I „
Bienville * „
Y antic  •' 4,
Ooneraaujrh  ® „
Florida  J
Daffodil 1
Until the union of the West India and At-
lantic coast squadrons, the former was under
the command of Rear Admiral Palmer, and
the latter under Commodore Joseph Lanman.
The vessels of these squadrons, besides guard-
ing the coast, have visited the following points
outside the United States: Havana, St. Iago
de Cuba. Matanzas. Bahia Honda Cave, Car-
denas. and the principal cays and islands on
the north side of Cuba; the Anguilla group,
the Cavman islands, Bermuda. St. _ Thomas,
; Port au Prince, and Cape Haytien, in Hayti;
St. Domingo city; St. John s, and Mayaguez,
i in Porto Itico; Kingston and Port Royal, in
