1410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
first "Wisconsin volunteer infantry, on the pen-
sion-roll, with a pension at fifteen dollars per
month from March 25, 1863, to July 10, 1866.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEWIS A. HORTON.
Mr. PERHAM, from the same committee,
reported a bill granting arrears of pension to
Lewis A. Horton; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill directs an increase of pension to
the petitioner, Horton, of Newburyport, Mas-
sachusetts, who was wounded on board the
gunboat Rhode Island, from eight dollars to
twenty-five dollars per month from July 4,
1SG4, to June 6, 1866, to be paid out of the
naval pension fund.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARY B. FOWLER,
Mr. PERHAM, from the same committee
reported a bill for the relief of Mary B. Fowler";
which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Mary B. Fowler, of Cleve-
land, Ohio, on the pension-roll, at eight dol-
lars per month, subject to the provisions of the
law relative to dependent mothers of deceased
soldiers.
The bill -was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider bo laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVKIiSi: KKrOJt'l'S.
Air. PERHAM, from the same committee,
made adverse reports upon the following me-
morial and petitions, and the same were laid
on the table : memorial of John Iliclcs ; peti-
tion of citizens of Bradford county, Pennsyl-
vania ; petition of II. J. Whitman ; petition of
Lydia L. Perham.
On motion of Mr. PERHAM, the Committee
on Invalid Petitions was discharged from the
further consideration of bill of the House No.
813, to grant pensions to certain persons in
East Tennessee ; and the same was laid on the
table.
Mr. PERHAM. I wish to say that I have
one other Senate bill, but as it may possibly
lead to debate, I prefer to yield to other mem-
bers of the committee who have reports to
make. '
peter fisher.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported
a bill granting a pension to Peter Fisher; which
was read a first and second time.
WW was read. It directs the Secretary
or the Interior to place the name of Peter
Fisher, late a member of company G, thirty-
seventh legiment Iowa infantry, on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions of the pension
laws, commencing on the 24th day June, 1864
the date of his discharge.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed
Mr. LA WHENCE, of Pennsylvania, moved
to rcconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CIIAItLES VALENCE.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, from
the same committee, reported a bill for the
relief of Charles Valence; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Charles
Valence, late a private in company E, forty-
second regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, upon
the pension-roll, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, from the 8th of September, 1862, the
date of his discharge, up to the 27th of Janu-
ary, 1864, the date of the commencement of
his pension, as allowed by the pension law.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a question of order.
I wish to know whether the order of the House
by which this committee were allowed to report
fifteen Senate bills is being executed by mak-
ing these reports.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that several of the bills just passed are not Sen-
ate bills, as they were evidently House bills
reported by the committee ; but the Chair will
further state that this committee has not been
called for one month past, and may not be
called again this session.
Mr. DAVIS. I feel great reluctance to inter-
fere with this kind of business 
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
New York raises the point of order, the Chair
must decide that these reports are not in order.
Mr. DAVIS. The House is well aware that
the tax bill is pressing upon us and that we
ought to act upon it.
Mr. PERHAM. This will not take more
llian twenty minutes or half an hour; and I
hope the gentleman will not press his objec-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not wish to be discour-
teous, and I withdraw the obiection.
OBADIAH ADERTON.
Mr. LAWRENCE, ofPennsylyania, from the
same committee, reported a joint resolution
granting a pension to Obadiah Aderton; which
was road a first and second time.
The joint resolution was rend. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Obadiah Aderton, of the State of Maine, on
the pension-list, at the rate of eight dollars per
month ; payment to commcnce from the date
of the passage of this act.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the joint reso-
lution was passed ; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate insisted on their amendments disagreed to
by the House, to bill of the House No. 8*78, to
quiet the title to lands in the town of Santa
Clara, in the State of California; agreed to the
conference asked by the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon; and
had appointed Mr. Conness, Mr. Wilson, and
Mr. Fowler the conferees on the part of the
Senate.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed, without amend-
ment, joint resolution of the House No. 293,
authorizing the employment of a public vessel
for the transportation of provisions to the peo-
ple of the southern States.
DAVID COLE.
LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, also re-
ported a joint resolution for the relief of David
Cole; which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place on the pension-roll the
name of David Cole, and pay him a pension at
the rate of eight dollars a month.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly. read the third
time, and ]
HEIRS OF HENRY E. MORSE.
On motion of Mr. LAWRENCE, of Penn-
sylvania, the Committee on Invalid Pensions
were discharged from the further consideration
of Senate bill No. 038, for the relief of the
widow and children of Henry E. Morse; and
the same was laid on the table.
HEIRS OF JOHN FARIS.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for
the relief of the orphan children of John Faris;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to pay to the legally-appointed guardian of the
orphan children of John Faris, deceased, for-
merly of Henry county, Tennessee, until they
severally attain the age of sixteen years, the
pension awarded to orphan children of soldiers
killed in the line of duty; the same to be paid
under the limitations and restrictions of the
pension law.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
road a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM II. HAFER.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, from the same
committee, also reported a bill for the relief of
William II. Hafer ; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of William H. Hafer, late
of company E, second Pennsylvania cavalry,
on the pension-list, at the rate of fifteen dollars
per month ; and in the event of his death, leav-
ing a widow or orphan children, then the pen-
sion is to be paid to the widow or orphan chil-
dren under the limitations and restrictions of
the general pension law; this act to take effect
from and after its passage.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
ANN S. DUCIIMAN.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, from the same
committee, also reported a bill for the relief
of Ann S. Duchman; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Ann S. Duchman on the
pension-roll, and to pay to her the pension to
which she would have been entitled had her
late husband, lieutenant colonel of the seventy-
ninth regiment of Pennsylvania volunteers, been
killed in battle, instead of having died of dis-
ease contracted while in service; the payment
of the pension to be under the limitations and
restrictions of the general pension laws.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
CAPTAIN GEORGE W. KNABB.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, from the same
committee, also reported a bill for the relief
of Captain George W. Knabb; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to pay to the legally-appointed trustee of Cap-
tain George W. Knabb, late of company A,
eighty-eighth regiment of Pennsylvania volun-
teers, a pension at the rate of twenty dollars
per month, from the date of his discharge
from the service of the United States to the
time when he commenced receiving a pension
from the Government.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time : and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
