40
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Jamaica; Santa Cruz, St. Christopher, Nevis,
Antigua, and St. Bartholomew's, of the Lee-
ward islands; Barbadoes, Trinidad, Martin-
ique, Tobago, St. Lucia, and St. Vincent, of
the Windward islands; Demarara, in British
Guiana; La Guayra and Porto Cabelle, in
Venezuela; Cura(;oa, and the island of Nevaza.
Some of these points have seldom or never be-
fore been visited by an American man-of-war.
There has always been a vessel at Aspinwall,
prepared to give assistance and protection to the
immense numbers of our countrymen, and the
vast wealth crossing the Isthmus. A portion
of the squadron has been on the northeastern
coast, and visited Halifax, St. John's, Pictou,
the Magdaleu group, Prince Edward's Island,
and other points.
Revolutionary movements and civil disturb-
ances in Hayti and St. Domingo, which threat-
ened to place in jeopardy the lives and property
of American residents, or made them appre-
hensive of danger, have called for visitations
of our naval vessels and the exhibition of the
flag at frequent intervals in those quarters.
There has, however, been no occasion for
interference, for the rights of our countrymen
have_been respected.
Rear Admiral Palmer, in April last, was
ordered from the West Indies with a portion
of his command to the northern limits of his
station, in consequence of apprehensions then
prevalent in regard to the condition and treat-
ment of our lishermen on the eastern coast.
But the liberal and conciliatory policy of the
English Government dissipated all apprehended
difficulties, and the questions were early in
such train of adjustment that no necessity
arose requiring the presence of a naval force
on the fishing banks; other threatening ques-
tions were also quietly disposed of. During
the summer, Admiral Palmer visited Halifax
in the steamer Rhode Island, and the Winooski
in June and July made a cruise among the
fishing fleets in the Gulf of St. Lawrence. Our
citizens engaged in the fisheries were found
pursuing their avocation quietly, and good
feeling between them and their neighbors pre-
vailed. The intercourse between the offieers
of our service and the authorities at the British
ports visited was most friendly, and the former
were the recipients of gratifying attentions.
The vessels on the West India station were
instructed to exercise vigilance in detecting
slavers and preventing the slave trade, pro-
vided any lingering remains of that nefarious
traffic still existed. But no captures have been
made, and it is to be hoped this infamous trade
is extinguished.
SOUTH ATLANTIC SQUADRON.
The South Atlantic squadron, which em-
braces the southeastern coast of South Amer-
ica, and the west coast of Africa from the Cape
of Good Hope to St. Paul de Loando, is com-
manded, as at the date of the last annual
report, by Rear Admiral Godon. The vessels
are the—
Brooklyn, flag-ship 21 guns.
Juniata 15 "
Shamokin 10 "
Kansas  0 "
Nipsic  8 "
Shawmut  6 "
Wasp  3 "
Onward  3 "
The vessels of this squadron have, during the
year, visited Rio de Janeiro, Bahia, St. Cath-
erine's, C£ara, Maranham, Pernambuco, and
Santos, in Brazil; Buenos Ayres and Rosario,
in the Argentine Republic; Montevideo, Co-
lonia, and Pasandre, two hundred miles up the
Uruguay river, in Uruguay; Concepcion, in
Paraguay; St. Paul de Loando, Benguela, Lit-
tle and Great Fish bays, and other points on
the coast of Africa, the Falkland Islands, and
St. Helena.
The duties of this command have been faith-
fully and promptly performed, without any
extraordinary incident to record. The reestab-
lishment of the squadron in that quarter has
been productive of friendly and beneficial inter-
course between the officers and seamen of our
service and those of other Powers in whose
waters our vessels have appeared. Rio de
Janeiro has been selected as the headquarters
of the squadron, and at St. Paul de Loando,
which is now embraced within its limits, a joint
depot of stores and supplies for the South At-
lantic and European squadrons has been estab-
lished. It is believed that so far as the former
squadron, particularly, is concerned, the ar-
rangement will be productive of economy, and
that advantage is to flow from embracing a por-
tion of the southwest coast of Africa and the
east coast of South America in one squadron.
The saving of fuel—one of the most costly arti-
cles on our foreign stations—is a subject worthy
of the closest attention, and is one of the objects
which the Department had in view infixingthe
present limits of the squadrons. A vessel taking
its departure from some point on the southeast
coast of South America can run before the wind,
over to the African coast, follow that coast
under steam to the depot at St. Paul, and then
take the trade-winds back to the coast of Brazil.
The Juniata arrived at Rio on the 16th of
September, having made a successful cruise
to the southwest coast of Africa. The infor-
mation obtained by her goes far to confirm
the impressions that the maintenance of a per-
manent squadron on the African coast will no
longer be required. But one slaver had been
fitted out on the southern coast of Africa within
the past year, and she had been captured on the
coast of Cuba with her cargo. It was the opin-
ion of prominent officials at Loando, including
the French admiral on that station, that the
slave trade had expired, and that this blot on
civilization had become at last a matter of
history.
In assigning to the European and South
Atlantic squadrons the duties heretofore per-
formed by what was known and maintained as
the African squadron, that distinct organiza-
tion has been dispensed with, and the service
-is more economically performed.
The prevailing war betw-een the allied Pow-
ers of Brazil, Uruguay, and the Argentine Re-
public and Paraguay has rendered it advisable
to keep one or more vessels in the vicinity of
the La Plata. The flag-ship has been most of
the time in that locality, and American citizens
and interests have received due care and atten-
tion, aid and encouragement being always near
at hand and ready to be extended on their be-
half.
In April last Rear Admiral Godon ascended
the Uruguay river as far as Pasandre, some
two hundred miles above Montevideo.
NORTH PACIFIC SQUADRON.
The extensive limits of the Pacific squadron,
and the important and rapidly-increasing Amer-
ican interests on the western coast of this con-
tinent, which require to be protected, rendered
a division of the naval force advisable. By
this division the North Pacific squadron was
made to embrace the coast of North America
and the Sandwich Islands, and was placed
under the command of Rear Admiral Thatcher.
This officer hoisted his flag at San Francisco
on the Gth day of August, 1866. The follow-
ing vessels have been allotted to this squadron:
Vanderbilt, flag-ship  15 guns.
Pensacola   21 "
Saranac, (temporarily) 13 "
Suwanee 12 *'
Moliongo' 10 "
Jamestown 22 "
Lackawanna  9 "
Mohican  8 "
Itesaca  8 "
Saginaw  4 "
The Pensacola, ^lohican, and Resaca have
not yet reached their destinations, and the
Saginaw, under authority of an act of Con-
gress, is aiding the Western Union Telegraph
Company in laying a telegraphic cable on the
northwestern coast.
The vessels of the squadron have visited the
Sandwich Islands, the ports of Central Amer-
ica, Puget Sound, and Acapulco, G nay mas,
Mazatlan, San Bias, and La Paz, in Mexico.
At all times one or more vessels have been
at San Francisco, and also at Panama, ready
for any emergency, and there has been almost
constantly a vessel at or in the vicinity of
Acapulco, the most important point to our
interests on the west coast of Mexico.
In the latter part of September a convey-
ance to Honolulu in the Vanderbilt was tend-
ered to and accepted by Queen Emma, and
the vessel sailed from San Francisco on the
13th of October on that service.
A more thorough exploration of the Pacific
ocean, withaviewof correcting the charts and
thereby lessening the dangers to navigators,
is important, and our cruising vessels are ex-
pected to render themselves useful in ocean
surveying service. Under the special direc-
tion of the Bureau of Navigation, which is
intrusted with the details of such work, much
valuable nautical information may be obtained
by competent and efficient officers, who, with
the means furnished to each vessel, will be
able to correct some existing errors and estab-
lish with approximate correctness the geograph-
ical position and actual extent of many of
the dangers which are now imperfectly stated.
The cruising vessels of this squadron, when
not on special service, instead of avoiding
these reported but doubtful and ill-defined
dangers, will make it their duty to ascertain,
by actual observation and search, the exact
facts in regard to them, and report full partic-
ulars to the Department.
SOUTO PACIFIC SQUADRON*.
The South Pacific squadron extends from
Panama to Cape Horn, and includes within its
limits Australia. This squadron is under com-
mand of Rear Admiral Pearson, who, until
the division of the squadron, had charge of the
entire force in the Pacific ocean. He is to be
relieved by Rear Admiral Dahlgren, who sailed
from New York on the 1st instant. The ves-
sels composing the squadron are the follow-
ing:
Powhatan, flag-ship 22 guns.
Tuscarora 10 "
Wateree 10 "
Nyack  8 "
Dacotah  7 "
Farallones  6 "
Fredonia  4 "
The Lancaster, recently attached to this
squadron, is on her return to the United States.
The following points have been visited during
the year: Valparaiso, Callao, and the com-
mercial ports between those points ; the Chin-
cha Islands, Payta, Guayaquil, Panama, and
the Straits of Magellan.
Events transpiring on the coast of Peru and
Chili have rendered the presence of the greater
part of the Pacific squadron necessary in that
vicinity. In the absence of Rear Admiral
Pearson on a cruise to the Sandwich Islands,
war was declared and entered into between
these Powers and Spain. Information of this
fact was dispatched to Rear Admiral Pear-
son, with orders to proceed without loss of
time to Peru and Chili. These did not reach
him until his return to San Francisco. With as
little delay as possible he proceeded to execute
the orders he received, but before he arrived
at Valparaiso the Spanish fleet had bombarded
the city, inflicting great damage.
In anticipation of active hostilities between
Spain and the southern republics, whereby
American interests, and especially the ship-
ping interest at the Chincha Islands, might be
put in jeopardy, the Department had taken,
the preceding autumn, measures for reenfor-
cing our squadron in the Pacific by sending
thither a special force, consisting of the tur-
reted iron-clad Monadnock and the steamers
Vanderbilt, Tuscarora, and Powhatan, under
the command of Commodore John Rodgers.
This officer reached Valparaiso previous to the
bombardment of that city, and apprehending
the views of the Department, remained on that
