•1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
647
sibly arise in the judicial administration of the
law. Congress, by the Constitution, has power
to enact all laws necessary and proper for the
administration of the executive and judicial
departments of the Government, and nothing
can be more eminently proper than that per-
sons who have been guilty, as in this bill it is
declared, of treason, bribery, murder, or other
felony, or -who have participated in any rebel-
lion against the Government of the United
States, or have given aid, comfort,, counsel, or
encouragement to the enemies of the United
States in armed hostility thereto, should be
deprived of the privilege of appearing as offi-
cers of the Government in any court of the
United States.
It is no punishment.' The opinion of the
court that persons are guilty of any of the
offenses enumerated in this bill is no evidence
elsewhere by which those persons are to be
deprived of any right whatever. It does not
even deprive them of the power of practicing
in the vocation of attorneys or counselors, but
merely says that those persons are of such char-
acter and such known repute, based upon the
actual facts of their lives, that they are unworthy
to appear in the judicial tribunals of the coun-
try, to come in contact with the officers of the
law, to exercise an influence over the Chief
Magistrates of the land deleterious to the pub-
lic morals; and if there be five judges upon
the bench of the highest tribunal who have not
that respect for themselves to enact rules and
to enforce proper regulations by which they will
protect themselves from the foul contamination
of conspirators and traitors against the Govern-
ment of this country, then the time has already
arrived when the legislative department of the
Government should exercise its power to de-
clare who shall be officers of the Government
in the administration of the law in the courts
of the Union; and this bill is for that purpose.
I am directed by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary to report this bill, and I ask the previous
question upon it.
Mr. CHANLER. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will not force this question di-
rectly upon the House without allowing some
opportunity to this side of the House to speak
in behalf, not of the rebellion, but of the Su-
preme Court of the United States. Will the
gentleman allow me a few moments before he
presses the previous question ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will yield to the gen-
tleman from New York for five minutes.
Mr. CHANLER. 1 thank the gentleman for
his extensive courtesy. But, sir, by this bill
the whole issue upon this floor is changed. It
is not now a question of rebellion against the
Government of the United States sustained by
the Opposition upon this side of the House, as is
so often charged by the Administration party;
but we are arrayed here and called upon to
sustain the character of the Supreme Court of
the United States from the assaults of the
devil's advocate from Massachusetts. When,
sir, a Christian was to be admitted into the cal-
endar of saints the college of cardinals sat in
judgment upon the coming brother, and one
of them, arrayed in all the panoply of his office,
assuming the position of devil's advocate, ac-
cuses the unheard and unseen person of every
crime known to the catalogue of sins.
Mr. SPALDING. I call the gentleman from
New York to order. He has called the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell]
" the devil's advocate." [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must re-
peat the words excepted to, and the Chair will
then rule upon them.
Mr. SPALDING. The Globe reporters will
furnish them ; they have taken them down.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will not detain the House, but will with-
draw his point of order. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Chanler] did not say a word ;
every one agrees to that. [Laughter.]
Mr. SPALDING. Well, I will -withdraw
the point of order.
Mr. CHANLER. I must ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts to extend my five minutes.
He knows very well that the allusion I made
had no personal reference to him as an indi-
vidual, and that my remark was simply in
regard to the system of legislation followed
here, illustrated by that once adopted in the
conclave of cardinals. In placing upon him
the livery of the "father of lies" I do not say
that he is the "father of lies." I simply say
that historically he appears on this floor in the
Same character that the cardinal of Rome
assumed when he arrayed himself against a
candidate to be admitted to the calendar of
saints when, assuming the position of the devil's
advocate, he charges the candidate for admis-
sion with every crime known to the catalogue
of sins.
Now, to start from that point, I assume that
the Supreme Court of the United States stands
too high to be arraigned upon questions of
individual character, because the gentleman
himself said, as I understood him, in assailing
that institution, that it was a question of char-
acter. I claim that I was not out of order in
alluding historically to the position of the gen-
tleman, and that he was out of order, under the
rules of the House, in assailing one of the
coordinate branches of this Government upon
the sacred question of character.
Five minutes is not time enough to defend
the character of the Supreme Court. [Laugh-
ter.] I take it, sir, that when a defense of the
Supreme Court is necessary upon this floor it
will be more than a five-minutes question; and
if there is any argument deeper, broader, and
more damning against the organization of this
House it is that a man will rise here to assail
the Supreme Court, and when asked to yield
that that institution may be defended he shuts
off debate under a five-minutes rule. I leave
the gentleman in his unenviable position. Let
him go on and defend those whom he thinks
to be right and I will defend those whom I
deem to be right.
Here the hammer fell.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I would perhaps yield
further to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Chaxler,] but I think that probably the Su-
preme Court of the United States will be satis-
fied with the defense he has already made of
that body.
Mr. CHANLER. I am very much obliged to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bout-
well.]
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now yield for eight
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey,
[Mr. Rogers.]
Mr. ROGERS. I am truly sorry that a
committee of this House should consider it
right and proper to urge through questions of
so grave and momentous importance as this
without allowing anybody upon this side of the
House to be heard. I say that the only es-
sence of liberty in this country is in having the
people heard through their representatives
upon the floor of Congress. And every man
who has any regard for the right of free speech
must see that we upon this side of the House
are not allowed—and I say it with all due
courtesy to gentlemen upon the other side of
the House—that right to express our senti-
ments in behalf of two millions of voters in
this country which we ought to be allowed.
No one can expect that a question involving
constitutional principles as this does, one that
strikes at the very foundation of our judicial
system, that attempts to inaugurate this Con-
gress into a judicial body or legislative court,
can be fully discussed in the short, paltry time
of eight minutes.
This bill undertakes to override the plain
principles laid down in the decisibn of the
Supreme Court of the United States in the
case of ex parte Garland, where the test oath
was declared to be unconstitutional upon the
plain and simple ground that it inflicted a pun-
ishment for past offenses which did not attach
to them at the time of their commission. The
very object of this bill is to deprive persons of
the right and privilege of acting as attorneys
and counselors in the courts of the United
States simply because they were engaged in the
rebellion; thus attaching to that offense a pun-
ishment which did not attach to it at the time
of its commission. It also authorizes and
allows judges of the courts to condemn, with-
out trial before a jury, attorneys and counsel-
ors who make application to be admitted to
practice as guilty of treason and other high
crimes named in the bill which has been pre-
sented for the consideration of this House.
I deny the authority of this Congress, or of
any other body known to the Constitution of
this country, to deprive a citizen of the United
States, where his character, his life, his prop-
erty, and his reputation are concerned, of his
right to be tried by the tribunal guarantied to
him by the Constitution, a jury of twelve men,
to be impanneled to consider and try his case
according to the law.
This bill mistakes the Constitution in two
very material particulars. One is, that it inflicts
an additional punishment for an offense that
was not provided for at the time it was com-
mitted. The other is, that it organizes a sys-
tem of trial unknown to the courts of this coun-
try; and it establishes a judicial system through
Congress which alone ought to be and can
only be constitutionally exercised by the courts
of judicature.
Sir, an attorney or counselor is not an officer
of the Government, nor is he a State officer.
He is a mere deputy or agent appointed by a
court for the purpose of carrying on the neces-
sary functions and powers which have been
lodged in that court by virtue of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. From time imme-
morial, from the earliest days of the common
law in England down through the whole history
of jurisprudence in this cjountry, attorneys and
counselors have been appointed and commis-
sioned by the courts, holding their offices dur-
ing good behavior, and forfeiting them by any
act of misbehavior in the court. And if a man
is not of good moral character, or has been
guilty of any of the offenses named in this bill,
when he has been tried by a tribunal competent
to try the case, and has been found guilty, he
will be removed by the court.
If men of character and standing are to be
placed in jeopardy in this manner, are to be
tried without the benefit of a jury, then I will
say that liberty in this country has flown from
the luminous sphere which she has heretofore
occupied in the courts ; and nothing but des-
potism exercised by Congress is to be the rule
of action. And this outrage is to be inflicted
upon every man who cannot come up to the
test of loyalty laid down and prescribed by the
members of this honorable body. And I ap-
peal to members upon the other side of the
House that out of regard to the dignity of the
Congress of the United States, and the rights
of the freemen of this land, measures of such
momentous consequence should not be rushed
through the House in this manner without
allowing to gentlemen who oppose them any
opportunity to state the reasons of their oppo-
sition.
Sir, I will not undertake in the short time
allotted to me to discuss the constitutional
questions involved in this matter. Those ques-
tions have been fully examined in the decision
of the Supreme Court in the case of ex parte
Garland; and any member of the House who
may read that decision, if he has any regard
whatever for the supreme law of the land as
enunciated by that tribunal, cannot hesitate to
say that there is no authority lodged in this
Congress to do directly what we were unable
to do indirectly by the passage of the test oath
act, which inflicted this punishment in an indi-
rect manner upon those who had been engaged
in the rebellion.
Sir, this bill is objectionable, not only be-
cause it exceeds our constitutional authority;
it is injudicious in point of policy. We must
practice the principles of charity. Christian-
ity must rule in this country. The laws of God
mustgovern men's consciences. Toundertake
now to inflict punishment upon men in this
manner by depriving them of the means of earn-
ing a livelihood by practicing law in the courts
