THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
of justice, after they have received a full par-
don for any offenses they may hare committed,
must engender a spirit of animosity and revenge
which years will not be able to wipe out.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwellj to yield to me
for a moment.
Mr. BOUTWBLL. If the House shall sus-
tain the call for the previous question, I will
yield to other gentlemen a large part of the
hour to which I shall be entitled. I do not
intend to occupy much time myself. I call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] is now entitled to
ah hour to close the debate.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I yield five minutes to
the gentleman from. New York, [Mr. Hale.]
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, it is very diffi-
cult to judge of the merits of an important
measure like this from the mere reading by
the Clerk at the desk. The bill has not been
printed and laid before us. I endeavored to
follow the reading as closely as I could; but I
am satisfied that I failed to understand prop-
erly several important provisions of the bill.
I apprehended as the bill was read that it ap-
flied to State' courts as well as Fed&ral courts.
wish to inquire whether I am correct on that
point?
Mr. BOUTWELL. The bill applies only to
the courts of the United States; it does not
interfere with the practice of the State courts.
Mr. HALE. Ishallnotattempt, Mr. Speaker,
to discuss to any extent the constitutional ques-
tions involved in this bill. While I have no
sympathy with any feeling that prompts mem-
bers upon this floor to attack the Supreme
Court as guilty of corrupt or improper action,
I have, on the other hand, no disposition to
support any legislation which would tend to
do away with the test oath, so far as it can be
constitutionally upheld, and so far as it is ap-
plicable to what are considered, in popular
estimation, offices. But I have long been of
opinion that the test oath act covers a class
of nominal offices, like' the offices of attorneys
and counselors in courts, in regard to which
it would be the part of wisdom to repeal the
requirement of the oath, even if it were held
to be within the constitutional power of this
Congress to impobe it. I ask gentlemen whether
there is any good reason as a matter of policy
why we should insist on applying this exclu-
sion as for past acts to those offices which are
such only nominally, while they arc in fact
the exercise of a profession or employment as
completely as the practice of any other of the
learned professions or any of the mechanic
arts. It seems to me that for us now to pur-
sue the course contemplated by this bill, and
to exclude for an indefinite time—I do not
think any member of this House is inclined to
hold that the exclusion should be adhered to
perpetually—to exclude for an indefinite period
attorneys and counselors on account of past
acts, whether pardoned or unpardoned, from
the practice of their profession is not the part
of wisdom, and does not comport with the
judicious policy which Congress ought to pur-
sue toward those lately engaged in rebellion.
Now, I concede, for the purpose of argument,
that attorneys and counselors of courts may
be considered in one sense officers of the Gov-
ernment, though independently of my argu-
ment. 1 might perhaps question that. They are
undoubtedly officers of the courts. They may
perhaps be considered officers of the Govern-
ment ; but it is purely in a technical sense that
they are officers. They are considered officers
to enable the court to control them ; to exer-
cise summary jurisdiction over them as they
do over other officers of the court.
In reality it is a profession by which a man
gets his living, by which he earns his bread ; and
is it the part of wisdom, is it a policy such as
shall commend itself tons, we shall now go back
and say, notwithstanding any circumstances
which may surround the case, notwithstanding
any pardon, notwithstanding any repentance,
notwithstanding anything which should com-
mend the man to our favorable consideration,
we shall show no mercy ; and because a man
has once sinned we will say he has sinned away
the day of grace, and the, bread shall be taken
from his own and his children's mouths?
It seems to me we will be better engaged in
pursuing another policy ; and great as is my
respect for the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. BotmvELL] and the Committee on the
Judiciary, from which this bill is reported, I
am constrained to differ on this question of
policy.
There are other questions involved of
greater importance than this ; questions of un-
constitutional power, which I do not assume to
discuss, and which cannot be discussed in this
brief time. I trust the House will not, uncler
the pressure of the previous question, pass this
bill, but take some action that will give an
opportunity for discussion and consideration.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now yield to the chair-
man of the committee.
Mr. 'JOHNSON. I appeal to the gentleman
from Massachusetts to allow me three minutes.
If it be not granted I shall object to the gentle-
man farming out the floor.
The SPEAKER, it has been decided more
than once that under the rule a gentleman
holding the floor may yield for explanation.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. As a question of
policy each member will judge and act for
himself; and that question I do not propose
to discuss. I think, Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man has not been happy in drawing his parallel
between attorneys and counselors at law, who
are officers of the court, and persons engaged
in the mechanic arts. It is well known that in
all courts of the land the power has been exer-
cised to disbar members of the legal profes-
sion, prohibiting them from practicing in the
courts forimproper or criminal conduct; as, for
instance, if an attorney has willfully misled the
court or been untrue to his cliont. Any act of
that character is deemed sufficient to disbar
the attorney and render him incompetent to
practice as an attorney. I have never heard
in this countrythat a mechanic, who may have
even willfully done a bad piece of work, can be
prevented from following his trade.
Mr. HALE. I concede they are officers of
the court for the purpose of submitting them
to this summary process.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Then that question
is out of the case.
Now, how can this bill, if it becomes a law,
be enforced? I have heard among members
that that court cannot be authorized by Con-
gress to try a man in this summary way for
treason or any other offense. Sir, this bill does
not propose to clothe the court with any such
power, if a member of the bar of the Supreme
Court of the United States should be charged
with beingguilty of any crime, such as murder, .
the record of his conviction is sufficient proof.
So it is in reference to treason or any other
grade of felony.
Mr. DAWES. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman from Iowa whether the statutes of every
State do not prescribe as one of the qualifica-
tions for admission to the bar the possession of
a good moral character, and whether it is not
for the court to pass on that: and how does this
differ from the requirements in State courts.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I cannot see any
distinction between the rule which this bill
seeks to prescribe and that prescribed by the
State laws.
Mr. ROGERS. I would ask the gentleman
what construction he puts upon this part of
the decision in the case of ex parte Garland:
"The attorney and counselor, being by the solemn
judicial act of tlie court clothed with office, does not
hold it as & matter of grace and favor. The right
which it confers upon him to appear for suitors and
to argue cases is something more than a mere indul-
gence, revocable at the pleasure of the court or at the
command of the Legislature. It is a ri?ht of which
he can only be deprived by the judgment of the court
for moral or professional dclinauoacy."
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I am free to say, in
reply to the gentleman, that I can find a great
deal in that opinion of the Supreme Court that
I do not agree with.
Mr. FINCK. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. For a question.
Mr. FINCK. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts inquired of the gentleman from Iowa
whether the States did not require as a quali-
fication for the admission of attorneys to prac-
tice in the State courts ihat the applicant
should be a man of good moral character, and
the gentleman replied that he believed such
were the provisions of the laws of the States,
and that he could not see any difference be-
tween that and the proposed legislation here.
I ask the gentleman if. he would be willing to
put in this bill a provision that the applicant
should be a man of good moral character, and
let the courts decide the question.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I mean to say that
I see no difference in the principle involved.
I do not mean to say that the phraseology of
this bill is precisely that which is to be found
in the State statutes. I am talking about the
principle involved. And I wish to say here,
so far as the Supreme Court affirms in thai
decision the power to debar a man for the de-
linquencies which are there mentioned, I do
not differ from it. It is because it stopped
short of the application of the principle which
I deem to be just and right that I say I' differ
with the Supreme Court.
. The Supreme Court has decided, also, the
question of the power of the President of the
united States to pardon a citizen before or
after conviction of any offense he may have
committed against the law. Now, if it be said
that under the provisions of this bill, which
declares that a person who has been engaged
in rebellion may be debarred from holding the
office of attorney-at-law, I beg gentlemen to
remember that a very large class of cases cov-
ered by this bill have the record-proof of guilt
in the pardon of the President of the United
States. If before conviction the President has
the power to pardon them, the very applica-
tion of a person so pardoned is an admission
of guilt as surely as would be a plea of guilty
in open court.
There are other limitations in the statutes
of the several States, those which were referred
to by the Supreme Court in that part of the de-
cision read by the gentleman from New Jersey,
[Mr. Rogers.] One I may mention is the
requirement that the party applying for admis-
sion to the bar shall swear he has not been en-
gaged in the practice of dueling, has not been
a party to a duel either as principal or second.
We are seeking by this bill simply to enforce
upon a court where we find a majority unwill-
ing to carry out the laws of Congress a power
which we have a right to enforce, and which
has never before been questioned—the power
to establish rules. The Supreme Court, in the
Garland case, undertook to decide that that
court possesses the power to prescribe the rules
which are to govern it, and that Congress has
no right to interfere. Ana yet any gentleman
who will take the time and pains necessary to
an examination of the various judiciary acts of
the United States will find that there is noth-
ing in the power of the court in that regard
that does not depend upon the statutes enacted
by Congress. The statutes declare that the
courts may prescribe rules. This is the dec-
laration of Congress. Now, sir, if Congress
can clothe the courts with power to prescribe
rules, why may not the same body prescribe
rules itself? If it can do it indirectly through
the court, why may it not do it directly through
a statute ? And that is all the committee pro-
pose to do in this bill.
Mr. FINCIv. I desire to ask my friend from
Iowa whether this proposed legislation is not
retroactive in its operation ; whether it will not
have"the effect of disbarring gentlemen who are
now practicing law in the Supreme Court from
the exercise of that right?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will answer the
gentleman's question by asking another. Sup-
pose the statute of Ohio should provide, as I
