1412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
they will not extend relief to such cases under
the recent general law, and this is only to in-
clude him under the general law.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EFIIE J. HARVEY.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, fromthe same_ com-
mittee, reported a bill granting a pension to
Effic J. Harvey; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of the petitioner, widow of
Clinton D. Harvey, late acting assistant pay-
master in the United States Navy, on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions of the
pension law.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. YAN AERNAM moved to roconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsiHer be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ERNESTINE BECKER.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the same com-
mittee, reported back Senate bill No. 515,
granting a pension to Mrs. Ernestine Becker,
with a recommendation that it do pass.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to" place the name of tlio petitioner, widow of
Leopold Becker, late captain of company D,
twenty-fourth Illinois volunteer infantry, on
the pension-roll at twenty dollars per month,
to commence from May 5, 18(15, and continue
during her widowhood. *
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and 'also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NANCY ItlN'I'ON.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill for the relief of Nancy
Hintonj which was road a first and second
time.
The bill directs the payment of a pension to
the petitioner, widow of John Hinton, latepri-
vate in David's county home guard, at eight
dollars per month, to continue during her
widowhood, and in the event of her marriage
or death to be paid to the minor children of
John Hinton, subject to the conditions and
restrictions of the pension law.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed,
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. VAN AERNAM, the
Committee on Invalid Pensions was discharged
from the consideration of the petition of Wes-
ley P. Bean, and the same was referred to tko
Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr. VAN AERNAM, the same
committee was discharged from the considera-
tion of the petition and papers of Adam Gar-
lock, a revolutionary soldier, and the same were
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
ELIZABETH STALEY.
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of Elizabeth Staley; which was read a first
and second time. ,
The bill directs the placing of the name of
Elizabeth Staley, of Cincinnati, mother of
Theodore A. Jones, by adoption, who died
while a private in the second regiment Mis-
souri cavalry, in the service of the United
States, on the pension-roll, at eight dollars per
month, commencing September 17, 1864, and
to continue while she remains a widow.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SAWYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DANIEL M'MAHON.
Mr. SAWYER, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Daniel McMa-
hon; which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the payment to the petitioner,
late captain in the twentieth regiment New
York State militia, of a pension at the rate of
twenty dollars per month from June 29, 1864,
to February 27, 1860.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SAWYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THOMAS GLASGOW.
Mr. SAWYER', from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Thomas Glas-
gow ; which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the placing on the pension-
roll of the name of the petitioner, who was in
the service of the United States from Novem-
ber, 1814, till June, 1815, at eight dollars per
month, to continue during his natural life.
Mr. RADFORD. I call for the reading of
the report.
The report was read.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the House will indulge
me I will say a word in reference to this case,
although I dislike to consume the time of the
House at this period of the session with cases
of this kind.
This gentleman was formerly a constituent
of mine. His papers were made out and sub-
mitted to the last Congress before the war, and
the report which has been read is, 1 presume,
the report that was made by my colleague,
Colonel Stokes, who was then on the Pension
Committee. It was made at the session im-
mediately beforo the war, when we were so
much engrossed in trying to break up the Gov-
ernment and destroy it that we had little time
left to look after the old defenders.
I propose to the House that this old man,
who is now on the very brink of the grave, and
to whom a pension beginning now and running
forward would be little else than a mockery,
shall have his pension date back to the time
when it ought to have been granted, six years
ago. I move that the pension shall date from
the 4th of March, 1861.
Mr. RADFORD. At what rate per month
is he to be paid?
The SPEAKER. Eight dollars per month.
Mr. PERHAM. This is a subject which
has been before the Committee on Pensions a
great many times, and the committee were
unanimous, I think, in their conclusion in
reference to this case. If wo should adopt
the course proposed by the gentleman from
Tennessee, I feel that we should do injustice
to others, and I therefore trust that the com-
mittee will be sustained.
Mr. HILL. I believe the other rule was
established in the early part of the last Con-
gress. I recollect that I endeavored in my
feeble way to have the rule fixed that the pen-
sions should date from the time when they
ought to have been granted, instead of at the
arbitrary time when the bills may pass; and
the Committee on Pensions were instructed by
two or three votes of the House to adopt this
principle.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would, not interfere
with the general ruling of the committee, but
this case, I can assure gentlemen, is a peculiar
case. This old man made out his case six
years ago. A bill for his relief passed the
House, with the approval of the Committee on
Pensions, and if the Senate had not been so
much engaged in the work of treason the old
man would then have been placed on the roll
of pensioners,
The only additional proof now adduced is to
show that this old man during all the terrible
years of the war maintained his loyalty, bright
and burning, and has done so up to this time.
I trust an exception will be made in favor of
this old man, who stands, as I have said, upon
the very brink of the other world, and to whom
a pension dating from this time would be a
mere mockery.
Mr. RADFORD. I hope the amendment
will not prevail. It would establish a prece-
dent which would lead to the introduction of
innumerable bills of this character and involve
a large expenditure of time and money. I
think it is sufficient for us to pension this old
man from this time. One so old and feeble
cannot require a large amount of money. _ I
think there must be something behind this,
that there must be some heirs who expect to
reap the advantage when the old man is
gone. It would be a very dangerous precedent
for us to establish, and I trust the amendment
will not prevail.
Mr. SPALDING. It is very difficult to
resist such appeals as that made by my friend
from Tennessee. He appeals to the sympa-
thies of the House, and we would all be glad
to have this old man receive this sum which
the gentleman asks, but we all know that we
have a Pension Committee liberal to the last
degree in this matter of giving pensions, and
they with one accord, unanimously have
reported against extending the pension back
as the gentleman asks us to do. I object to it.
It would be cited as a precedent for other
cases, and if we do it in this case we must do
it in hundreds of others.
Mr. MAYNARD. Did the gentleman hear
my statement, that this case was before the
Thirty-Sixth Congress and that the bill ought
to have passed at that time? The old man
made out his case then just as he has made it
out now. It was our fault and not his that the
bill did not pass.
Mr. SPALDING. Oh, we all understand
that.
Mr. SAWYER. I demand the previous
question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Maynard's
amendment; and it was agreed to—ayes 05,
noes 42.
The bill was then ordered to engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SAWYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committe on Inva-
lid Pensions, reported back adversely the peti-
tion of John A. Milligan and thirteen others,
and the petition of William Dunham; and the
same were laid on the,table.
•VIRGINIA G. WILSON.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it pass, a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 165) for the relief of Virginia G. Wil-
son, widow of the late Captain George W. Wil-
son, with an amendment in the form of a sub-
stitute.
The substitute proposed by the committee
directs the Secretary of the Interior to cause
to be paid to Virginia G. Wilson, widow of
George W. Wilson, deceased, late captain of
company G, second Eastern Shore regiment
Maryland volunteers, $272, the amount of pen-
sion accruing to Captain Wilson between Jan-
uary 3, 1865, the date of his muster-out from
