42
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
advantageous under the circumstance, there
being no pressing necessity for this class of
vessels since hostilities have ceased, to make
temporary arrangements for storing the ma-
chinery and postpone the construction of the
hulls.
We have in our navy-yards too few ship-
houses. As a matter of economy, ships should
be built under cover. Protection from the
weather not only facilitates the work during
construction, but if retained for any period on
the stocks, adds greatly to the durability of
the ship after completion.
Fourteen ships are now in the course of con-
struction at the several yards, of which nine
are in ship-houses, and five are exposed to the
weather. Over these last temporary co vers arc
being erected.
These vessels, and others hastily built during
the war, are constructed to a great extent of
unseasoned timber, and for that reason it is
best that they should remain on the stocks a
longer period than would be otherwise required.
The vessels which are in the course of con-
struction can be launched whenever it may be
necessary to make room for others, for which
the steam machinery is being manufactured.
Four of the vessels which are now on the stocks
are iron clads, larger and much more formi-
dable than the Miantonomoh and those of her
class. The steam machinery and turrets for
these vessels are prepared and ready for erec-
tion whenever it may be considered advisable
to launch them.
In addition to the steamers which are being
constructed, or are afloat, it has been deemed
expedient to have a class of smaller vessels
which in many cases can serve the purpose of
the Government with greater economy than the
larger vessels, particularly in time of peace.
The want of a sufficient number of building-
shops, ship-houses and dry-docks has been a
serious embarrassment arid cause of delay
throughout the whole of the war. There should
be an increase of all these, for the efficiency of
the Navy depends in a great degree on having
an adequate number of cacli.
There are in the single navy-yard of Ports-
mouth, England, eleven dry-docks ; more than
three times the number that we have at all our
yards, for there is only a single permanent
dry-dock at any one yard, and but three in all
of them. With these limited means, and un-
der .these disadvantages, the Department lias
been compelled to struggle to maintain an elfi-
cient navy in a period of great and exacting
trial. Had we a war with a maritime Power,
where naval combats would be frequent, and
cruising active, the necessity for more docks
and larger yards would be great.
The supplies of timber at the different yards
have been exhausted during the rebellion, and
it will be true economy to provide an abun-
dance, so that in future emergencies the difli-
culties and embarrassments recently experi-
enced may be avoided. Our former policy,
many years since, was to make an annual
increase of ship-timber, and other countries
have wisely furnished themselves with this ma-
terial. Commodore Steedman,ina recent com-
munication from Cartliagenri, in Spain, writes:
"It is an interesting fact thatthereis still a
stock of Florida timber in this yard which
came from Florida while it was yet a colony
of Spain."
In the construction of ships-of-war iron may
ultimately, to a great extent, supersede wood ;
but such are the resources of timber in this
country that wooden vessels will, for some time
to come, constitute a large portion of our Navy.
For the construction of iron and armored
vessels, it can only be repeated that, although
our country has the material in great abun-
dance, and possesses many advantages in that
regard, we are almost wholly unprepared, in
future maritime wars the contests between the
great naval Powers for supremacy on the ocean
will be determined chiefly by iron-clad or arm-
ored ships. Our turreted vessels or monitors
will be powerful and effective for harbor and
coast defense, but in conflict with any European
Power our connt^-men will hardly be content
with merely defensive warfare.
Armored vessqjs for ocean cruising must
necessarily be of targe size, which cannot, with
the requisite strength, be secured in wooden
structures. If attempted the immense masses
I of timber must rapidly decay, and the cost re-
| suiting from deterioration will be such as no
economical and prudent nation will consent to
sustain. Ships for cruising and offensive oper-
ations must be suqji as can use sails, for no
vessel can long keep the sea under steam alone.
Such vessels as are here suggested slionld be
built ata Government establishment, forthough
private enterprise can do much in aid of the
Navy, the peculiarities of iron vessels for naval
purposes are such that private parties cannot
undertake the work unless at prices which will
cover all the outlay for tlie establishment, as
, well as the vessels, for there can be no other
customer than the Government for such work.
I In this view of the subject it is plainly the
i interest of Government to erect its own shops
i and machinery, and to possess its own estab-
lishment for the construction of its iron and
armored naval vessels. Several years of prep-
aration will be required to provide the neces-
sary appliances for such an establishment, and
a special and convenient location, with ample
area, should be promptly selected. In each
of the navy-yards a dry-dock is indispensable,
and for a steam navy there should be suitable
shops and accommodations for the repair of
vessels.
The navy-yards at Norfolk and Pensacola. ■
which were almost totally destroyed during the
war, require large expenditures to place tliem
in a condition to be efficient. They have been
occupied as naval stations since the Govern-
ment recovered possession, and some repairs
have been made at each; but the dilapidated
walls and remnants of the former estaWish-
ments remain in a condition which renders
them searcly fit for occupancy or use. This is
more particularly the case at Pensacola, where
only a few outbuildings and stables escaped
destruction. These are now converted into
temporary quarters for the officers on duty at
that station. From the limited appropriations
which have been made some progress has been
effected toward restoration at Norfolk. The
destruction at this yard was not so thorough and
j complete as at Pensacola.
The yard at Norfolk is, in a national point
of view, one of the most important, as well as
one of the best located, in the United States.
It is the only southern yard on the Atlantic
coast, is accessible in all seasons, has one of
the best harbors in the country, and is, in
every respect, favorably situated, with many
natural advantages for a naval establishment.
There is at this yard a permanent dry-dock
which, under all the disadvantages that have
existed, has been of immense service to the
Government in the repair and refitment of ves-
sels, without the delay and additional expense
that would have been incurred in sending them
further north. Since the termination of the
war, most of the machinery which belonged
there has been recovered, and portions of it
put in operation. But in order that this yard
may be placed in proper working condition, at
all compared with its former state of efficiency,
and adequate to the future wants of the ser-
vice, much yet remains to be done.
The yards at Norfolk and at Pensacola are as
essential to the Navy and the country as either
of the yards at the North, and in the event of
a foreign war we could better dispense with
one of the yards north of the Chesapeake than
with either of these. Our possession of them
during the late conflict, even in their dilapi-
dated condition, was of great value to the
Union cause. After their recovery the vessels
composing the several blockading squadrons
were not detached and sent North for ordinary
repairs, with loss of service, during their ab-
sence, of vessels and crews, but were retained
on their stations. The repairs thus effected
were made without many of the required facil-
ities, but notwithstanding great disadvantages
considerable saving ensued to the Government,
and the blockade thereby was made more effi-
cient.
The suppression of the rebellion and the
reestablishment of that peace and unity which
constitute us one country and one people make
it a duty to restore these national establish-
ments to their former efficient condition. In
so far as there was reason during the rebellion
for refusing to do this because insurrection pre-
vailed in the region where the yards are situ-
ated, that reason 110 longer exists. True, the "
expenditures will be made in States which
were in rebellion, but the rebellion has passed
away, the States are parts of the Union, and
the establishments which are to be renovated
are national in their character and of general
interest to all. Upon the Pensacola yard, even
in its present ruinous state, we must depend
for repairs and supplies for any squadron we
may employ to guard the occan outlet of the
great central valley of the Union, and of our
whole coast bordering on the Gulf. To neglect
to put that yard in proper condition would be
to neglect Iowa, Illinois, and the States North,
as well as Louisiana and Mississippi.
In the'event of a foreign war with the great
maritime Powers, our country would labor
under serious disadvantages were we without
a navy-yard or naval station in the Gulf. A
naval force of steamers—and all lighting ves-
sels must hereafter be steamers—could not be
maintained in the Gulf without frequent repairs
and supplies. With no navy-yard in the Gulf,
the disabled vessels would necessarily be with-
drawn from their station and compelled to pro-
ceed to a northern yard for refitment. Beside
the perils incident to a voyage underthe.se cir-
cumstances, with an enemy on the coast, the
services of the officers and crews, as well as
of the vessel itself, would be lost during the
time she might be absent in going to and re-
turning from a northern yard. The rebels and
the waste of war have devastated the Norfolk
and Pensacola yards, but the best interest of
the service, and the obligations of the Gov-
ernment, are not less imperative now, when
peace and union are restored, to place tliem
111 proper condition. It is to be hoped, there-
fore, that liberal appropriations will be made
for that purpose.
NAVAL DEPOT FOR IRON CLADS.
In consequence of the failure of the Senate
to act on the bill which passed the House of
Representatives for the acceptance of League
Island for naval purposes, the Government
remains without aa-pot or station for our iron
and armored naval vessels. . Most of them have
been permitted to remain in the back channel
at League Island, where they were placed after
the close of the war, as the best and most avail-
able location for their security and preservation.
It is desirable that the bill for the acceptance of
League Island, which has been unfortunately
delayed in its passage through the Senate,
should receive the early action of that body,
that the necessary appropriation may be made
for deepening the channel, preparing suitable
docks, and making other necessary arrange-
ments, at an early period, for the proper care
and protection of the large number of costly
vessels which are there in a precarious condi-
tion, and from which they are liable at any
time to be warned away by the proprietors of
the adjacent shores. The vessels lying in the
back channel are there on sufferance. Being
of iron, it is essential that they should be laid
up in fresh water, and in consequence of the
omission of Congress to provide any suitable
place, the Department selected this location
as by far the most eligible in the country for
that purpose. They are there, however, under
