1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
believe it does, that 110 person who does not
possess a good moral character "shall be per-
mitted to practice law in that State; and upon
examination a party should be admitted to
practice under this rale, and we all know these
examinations are very loosely conducted some-
times, and after being admitted it should be
discovered by the court that instead of being
possessed of a good moral character the charac-
ter of the party was infamous, does the gen-
tleman say'the court could not lawfully exclude
him from the bar?
Mr. FINCK. I will answer the question as
briefly as I can. In that case the court would
find, before they would debar the party from
practicing, that he was a man of bad character;
but in this case of Garland the case has been
already examined by the ^upreme Court and
he has been allowed to practice in that court,
and you propose now to require the Supreme
Court to go behind that decision and say that
Garland is not qualified to practice. I claim
that that is a retroactive law.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Of course it would
be retroactive, and I take it that we have the
power to make it retroactive. It issimply a rule
t: the court that persons who have been guilty
of thpse offenses shall not appear in the pres-
ence of the court as its officers. The object is
to defend the court against the presence of such
persons, to exclude criminals and "infamous
persons from the halls of justice ; and I would
like to ask the gentleman from Ohio whether
any inquiry into the reputation and character
of a party is not necessarily retroactive?
Mr. SPALDING. Always so.
Mr. FINCK. Certainly not.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Can you try a
man's character and reputation in the future?
I suppose that a man's character is that which
he is, regardless of the opinions of others, and
that reputation is the judgment of the commu-
nity in which he resides.
Sir. FINCK. I claim that the question of
character, where it is involved, must be deter-
mined by its standard at the time of inquiry,
and not what it was years before. What is it
now? is the inquiry.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. A man's reputa-
tion must be based upon his conduct and what
others say of him. A man's character is that
which he himself is, regardless of the judg-
ment of those surrounding him, and an inquiry
into either must necessarily be retroactive. I
now resign the floor to the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, if the
House will pardon me, I think that by the
record I can demonstrate concisely how Con-
gress is justified in this proceeding. The gen-
tleman from New Jersey [Mr. Rogers] was
pleased to say that this bill contemplates a new
mode of trial. I take it that no gentleman
knows better than the gentleman from New
Jersey that the provisions of this bill with
reference to an examination into the character
of a counselor in a court are in exact accord-
ance with the practice in every court in this
country and in Great Britain also, as I undrf-
stand. If it be suggested in open court that a
man has been guilty in any time past of any
act which unfits him, either according to law
or in the judgment of the court, to pursue his
profession and hold office as a practitioner in
the court, the court proceeds to inquire whether
those things are so or not, not as a criminal
is charged upon the criminal side of the court,
but merely for the purpose of reaching an opin-
ion which has only this effect, that it determines
the future standing of the party in court, but
does not affect the party anywhere else in his
rights.
Mr. ROGERS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man what, is the best proof that a man is guilty
of the offenses referred to in this bill, treason,
murder, &c. ? Can you prove it in any way
except by the production of a record of his.
conviction ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. Undoubtedly the pro-
duction of the record of conviction is the best
evidence of the guilt of the party; but that is
not the only evidence that a court may take.
It may go into an examination of charges which
have never been brought before a criminal tri-
bunal, and if the court is convinced that tHte
party is guilty it has a right to deprive him of
the privilege of practicing in the court.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts whether this bill
amounts to anything more than a statute de-
claratory of what the law now is? Every court
has a right to inquire into the character of its
officers; this House might inquire into the con-
duct of any one of its members, or of its Clerk,
or Sergeant-at- Arms, or Doorkeeper, and, being
satisfied of his guilt of the charges brought
against him, might get him aside. I would ask
if this is anything more than the embodying in
a statute of what the common law of the courts
now is?
Mr. BOUTWELL. There can be no doubt
upon that point. And I say here, upon my
responsibility, with reference to the recent de-
cision of the Supreme Court, that it is an offense
to the dignity and the respectability of the
nation that that tribunal, under the general
authority vested in it under the Constitution
and the laws, does not protect itself from the
contamination of rebels and traitors, until the
rebellion itself shall be suppressed and those
men shall be restored to their former rights as
citizens of this country. The Supreme Court,
failing in the performance of this high and Self-
protecting duty, the time has arrived when the
Congress of the United States, by whose breath
alone the Supreme Court enacts rules of any
sort or admits any man to the office of coun-
selor or attorney at its bar, should assume
exact and specific authority to declare by sol-
emn law that men who have been guilty of
murder or treason or bribery, or who have
raised their arms to strike down the Govern-
ment of their country, shall not participate in
the administration of the laws of the land until
they are absolved from their crimes.
Now, it is not enough that the Supreme Court
of this country tells us that the pardon of the
President absolves these men from their iniqui-
ties. Sir, that is not enough; the pardon of
the President may open the doors of jails and
penitentiaries; it may release criminals who
are guilty of murder or any other felony. But
while I occupy a place upon this floor never
with my consent shall the-pardon of the Presi-
dent be a certificate on which -a felon may enter
into the sacred tribunals of this land and assist
in the administration of justice. [Applause
on the floor and in the galleries. ]
The SPEAKER. Spectators in the galle-
ries must not manifest disapprobation or ap-
plause ; and the assistant doorkeepers of the
House will remove all persons offending against
its rules.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would inquire of the
Chair if it is not equally out of order for mem-
bers on the floor to applaud.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now ask for a vote.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Boutweix] allow me two
minutes upon this question ?
Mr. BO UTWELL. There are twenty gen-
tlemen appealing to me to yield, and if I yield
to one I ought to yield to all. I must decline to
yield further, though I would be glad to accom-
modate my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Johnson:]"
Mr. ROGERS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered
to be now put; and upon that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. FINCK. Upon that motion I ask the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 111, nays 40, not voting
40 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, JamesM. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,Barker, Bax-
ter, Bearnan, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine,
Boutwell, Brandegee, Broomali, Reader W. Clarke,
It has not yet been en-
Cobb.ConkKng.Cook, Cullom.Dawes, Doming, Dixon,
Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Egglestljif, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry. Grinnell, GtFiswold,
Abner C. Harding, Hayes, HigDy, Hill, Holmes,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hub-
bard, James R. Hubbell, Hulbnrd, Ingersoll, Julian,
Kasson, Kelley, Keteham, Koontz, Kuykendall,
Laflin, George V.Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch.
Marston, Marvin, Maynard, MeClurg, Mclndoe. Me-
Kee, McRuer, Mercur, Miller, Moorbead, Morrill,
Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Patterson, Perham, Pike, Plants, Price, William H.
Randall, Raymond,Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice,
Rollins, Sawyer, Schenek, Scofield, Shellabarger,
Sloan, Spalding, Stevens, Stokes, Francis Thomas,
John L. Thomas-Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam,
BnrtVan Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner, Henry J).
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Went-
worth, Williams, James I1. Wilson, Stephen I1, Wil-
son, Windora, and Woodbridge—111.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Campbell,
Chanler, Cooper, Dawson, Denison,Eldridge, Finek,
Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Hale, Aaron Harding, Hise,
Hogan, Edwin N. Hubbell. Humphrey, Hunter, John-
son, Kerr, Latham, Le Blond, Xettwk'h, Marshall,
Nicholson, Noell, Radford, Ritter, Rogers, Ross,
Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Strouse, Taber, Nathaniel G.
Taylor. Nelson Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, and Win-
field—40. '
N OT V O'l'INfl—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Arnell, Banks,
Blow, Bromwell, Buckland, Bundy, Sidney Clarke,
Culver, Darling, Davis, Defrees. Delano, Dodge, Gar-
field, Harris, Hart, Hawkins, Henderson, Asabel W,
Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Jenckes, Jones,
Kelso, William Lawrence, McCullough, Niblaek,
Phelps, Pomeroy, Samuel J. Randall, Rousseau,
Starr, Stilwell, Thayer, Robert T. Van Horn, An-
drew H. Ward, Eiihu B. Washburne, Whaley, and
Wright—40.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upoa
the table.
The question recurring on agreeing to the
substitute, it was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read the third time.
Mr. NIBLACK. I call for the reading of
the engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER.
grossed.
Mr. MAYNARD. In order to give time for
the engrossment of the bill I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was ordered to
a third reading; and on that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. ROLLINS. I move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table; and on that
motion I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. MAYNARD. That will accomplish the
same purpose.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 41, not vot-
ing 42; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Barker, Baxter,
Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham,Blaine, Bout-
well, Brandegee, Bromwell, Broomali, Bundy, Reader
W. Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Dawes, Delano,
Deming, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley,
Eliot, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Gris-
wold, Abner C. Harding, Hayes. Higby, Hill, Holmes.
Hooper, Hotchkiss, ChesterD. Hubbard, Demas Hub-
bard, John H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Hul-
burd, Ingersoll, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Kelso,
Keteham, Koontz, Kuykendall, Laflin, Latham,
George V. Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Marston, Mar-
vin, MeClurg, Mclndoe, MeKee, McRuer, Mercur,
Miller, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newell,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine,'Patterson, Perham.Pike, Plants,
Price WilliamH. Randall, Alexander H.Rice, John
H. Rice. Rollins Sawyer, Schenck. Scofield, Sloan
Spalding, Stevens. Stokes, Francis Thomas, John L.
Thomas, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Hamilton Ward,
Warner, Henry D. Washburn, Wiliam B. Washburn,
Welker, Wentworth, Williams, James F. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Campbell,
Chanler, Cooper, Dawson, Denison. Eldridge, Frock,
Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Hale, Aaron Harding, Hise,
Hogan, Hunter.Le Blond, Leftwich, Marshall, May-
nard, Niblaek Nicholson, Noell, Radford, Samuel J.
Randall, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Shanklin, Shella-
barger. Sitgreaves. Stilwell, Strouse, Taber, Na-
thaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Thornton, Trim-
ble, Trowbridge, and Winfield—41.
NOT V OTIN G—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Arnell, Banks,
Blow, Buckland, Sidney Clarke, Cullom, Culver,
Darling, Davis, Defrees, Dumont, Eggleston, Grin-
nell, Harris, Hart, Hawkins, Henderson, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey, Jenckes,
Johnson, Jones, Kerr, William Lawrence, Lyneh,
McCullough, Moorhead, Plielps, Pomeroy, Raymond,
Rousseau, Starr, Tbayer, Van Aernam, Robert X.
Van Horn, Andrew H. Ward, Elihu B. Washburne,
Whaley, and Wright—42.
So the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was ordered to a third reading
was laid on the table.
The engrossed bill was then read.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I call for the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
