1414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
by striking out the words "until the 30th day of
April, 1S67."
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Mr. Chairman, I
hope the motion to strike out will not prevail,
for I think it would, be unjust to the railroads
of the country if it should prevail. It is well
known, in the first place, that the railroads of
this country, as a general thing, do not pay the
persons who have invested in their stock. Of
all the railroads in Vermont there is but one,
from the time it was put into running condi-
tion to the present day, that has paid one single
dividend on the money which went to construct
them; and all the railroad stock in Vermont,
at any rate of the tiro great trunk lines leading
to Boston, and the two trunk lines leading to
New York, as investments are worthless. So
far as railroad stock is concerned as an invest-
ment, not only in Vermont, but as the statistics
show, in the country at large, it has not been,
and probably will not be, a paying one. Look
at some of the great lines; take the lines in
New York, take some of the northern lines
which are not trunk lines, running from East
to West, and their stock pays no dividends
while they are restricted to a fare of two or
three cents a mile.
But, sir, take the great East and West roads.
One of the greatest roads of this country is the
New York Central. It is restricted to a fare
of two cents a mile, and I undertake to say,
from my knowledge of railroads, which is very
considerable, that two.cents a mile does not in
the present state of things .pay expenses of
transportation.
I know it is said that these city roads are
monopolies ; but what is the fact? Talce, for
instance, the Sixth Avenue horse railroad in
New York city, a road that has been managed
with as much care and economy as any road in
the city, as I am informed by a credible gen-
tleman who knows whereof he speaks. In
18(1-1 they lost over forty thousand dollars which
they were obliged to make up in order to re-
lieve themselves of the burden they incurred
for running expenses that year. Their faro is
limited to five cents, and we have it under oath
by the president of the road, a gentleman whose
standing is as high as that of any man in the
city of New York, that from January 1, 1866,
to .January 1, 1867, the actual cost of running
the road was live and six hundredths cents per
passenger. The company paid no dividends
lor several years until the past year, when they
managed to pay a dividend out of the prolit,
between the fraction of a centthey are required
to pay as Government tax on each passenger
and the whole cent additional that the passen-
ger had to pay.
Now, these railroads pay a lax to the Gov-
ernment on everything they use, from the nail
that is put into the horse's shoe to the last
stroke of the painter's pencil upon the car.
And they pay these taxes witliout any expense
to the Government. They pay them without
the interposition of collector or assessor or
any officer of the Government. The Now
York Central railroad pays now and has paid
$200,000 per annum into the Treasury of the
United States.
Mr. OPSON. Will the gentleman tell us
whether the company pays it or charge it over
to their customers?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. The company itself
pays the tax which the Government imposes
upon it of_ three per cent, upon its gross re-
ceipts. Now, gas companies are upon a dif-
ferent foundation from railroad companies. I
ara not going to quarrel with gentlemen here
iii relation togas companies, but they are more
of the nature of individual or private enter-
prises for investment, while railroads are got
up for the development of the country. In
very many cases they run through regions
where they cannot pay, and are never expected
to pay.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILLIAMS. The argument of my
friend from Vermont [Mr. Woodbridob] is
entirely aside from the question—allow me to
say it—not to the purpose at all.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I am obliged to you,
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is suggested that rail-
roads are not paying investments. Grant it.
We are not quarreling about that. But what
does he find m that fact to authorize us to do
a thing that is not within our constitutional
competency?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I ask the gentleman
if he did not vote to relieve the gas compa-
nies?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I voted upon that ques-
tion as I shall on this. Now, I say to the gen-
tleman' that if the railroads are valuable enter-
prises to the people at large, and if they cannot
pay interest upon their cost under the limita-
tions imposed upon them by existing legal con-
tracts, and after paying the Government tax
then relieve them. Let the gentleman intro-
duce an amendment declaring them entitled to
exemption and that they shall not be charged.
But what does he find in that circumstance to
authorize him to transfer the burden imposed
upon them upon the shoulders of other per-
sons? Where does he find the power to make
contracts for third persons ? Is it in the Con-
stitution? Does he suppose we can take off
limitations imposed by the charter of a State
corporation or make a new contract? I said
the other evening that that was simply impos-
sible as well as unconstitutional, because it is
undertaking to make it our contract, and not
that of the parties.
Mr. ALLISON. I entirely concur with the
gentleman from Pennsylvania in his motion,
but I should like to add a provision to apply
peculiarly to horse railroads: that horse rail-
roads may be permitted to add the fraction of
a cent which the tax imposes, but they shall
only add that fraction when the party pays for
his passage on the cars, and that they shall
keep for salo at convenient points and in each
and every ear tickets at tho rate of faro only,
without adding tho tax. I shall olfer an
amendment to that effect when this amend-
ment shall have been disposed of.
Mr. DAVIS. ■ I am somewhat surprised,
Mr. Chairman, at the position assumed by the
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Williams] upon this question, in regard to
the railways. He declares that we have no
right as _ a sovereign Government to interfere
at all with any contract made between a State
and an individual or a corporation. Now, sir,
I submit that his whole action during his
membership in Congress has been in direct
violation of that principle, and that ho has been
one of those who have not hesitated to affirm
tlie power of the Government to interfere with
every State right.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Can you name one case?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes ; I could name a dozen.
Now, in respect to this question, I affirm
that the power of taxation is a sovereign power
that belongs to a sovereign Government. Sir,
I have always held that this Government
was sovereign in everything that related to its
nationality, and the power of taxation is neces-
sary for the purpose of preserving its national
character; and therefore when it imposes taxes
it may impose conditions ; it may prescribe
that the party or corporation upon whom a
tax is imposed may impose it upon its own
patrons and customers.
The CHAIRMAN. All debate upon this
clause of the bill is now closed by order of the
House.
The question being on Mr. Williams's
amendment,
Mr. POMEROY demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Williams
and Davis were appointed.
The committee divided ; but the tellers were
unable to agree upon a report.
The Chairman thereupon appointed Messrs.
Nicholson and Allison to act as tellers.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 40, noes 51.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by inserting after the word "until,"
in line one hundred and seventeen, the words
"ferries, where they occur twice in the second
proviso, and by striking out the word."
Mr. HILL. I should like some information
as to what that amendment means; it is impos-
sible to understand it.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
state the object of the amendment if there be
no objection.
No objection was made.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
state that ferry-boats are now taxed three per
cent., whereas steamboats are taxed two and
a half per cent. A great many ferry-boats,
indeed most of them, are steamboats, and a
good deal of difficulty has occurred in the de-
partment to ascertain under which tax a steam
ferry-toat should be taxed: whether it should
pay three per cent, as a ferry-boat or two and
a half per cent, as a steamboat. I propose to
solve the difficulty by placing ferry-boats on the
same footing as steamboats. That is the sole
object of the amendment.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to ask the gentleman a question.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Then I
hope the amendment will be voted down.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to insert after line
one hundred and eighteen the following:
Amend section one hundred and three by striking
out the following:' 'And whenever the addition to any
fare shall amount only to the fraction of one cent,
any person, or company, liable to the tax of two and
a half per cent., may add to such fare one cent, in
lieu of such fraction, and such person or company
shall keep for sale, at convenient points, tickets in
packages of twenty and multiples of twenty, to the
price of which only an amount equal to the revenue
tax shall be added." And insert in lieu thereof the
following:
And provided further, That whenever the addition
to any faro shall amount only to a fraction of one
oent, any person or company liable to the tax of two
and a half per cent, may add to such fare ono cent in
lieu of sucn fraction: but such person or company
shall keep for sale, without adding tho tax, at con-
vcnicntjioints, and on each and every car, tickets in
packages of five and multiples of five.
Mr. PAINE. I would ask the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Allison] if his amendment
applies to tax on railway linos other than street
railways ?
Mr. ALLISON. It is intended to apply only
to street railways.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I would inquire of
the Chair if the amendment of the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Allison] is not in direct con-
flict with the vote just had by the Committee
of the Whole ?
The CHAIRMAN. That is not for tho Chair
to determine.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Allison, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. DARLING. I offered an amendment
the other night to come in on page 8 of this
bill after lino forty-live, to which the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Ward] olijocted. I
have prepared an amendment to which I think
he can have no objection, and I therefore ask
unanimous consent to return to that portion of
the bill, for the purpose of moving an amend-
ment.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend by in-
serting after line one hundred and eighteen, on
page 10 of this bill, the following paragraph:
That section ninety-seven be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
I ask that tho Clerk read the section of tho
present law, which I propose by my amend-
ment to have repealed.
The CHAIRMAN. Reading the section
would be in the nature of debate ; and under
the order of the House debate is not in order.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The order of the House,
as I understood it, applied to the paragraph
which we have just passed upon. I do not
propose to amend that paragraph, but to in-
sert a new paragraph to succeed that one.
The CHAIRMAN. Under the order of the
House, according to the construction hereto-
fore given to such orders there can be no de-
bate until the next paragraph is read.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I would inquire if, aftei
