46
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
39th Coxg....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
   -   35 
wire and hemp rope, with a view to its more
general introduction into the Navy should the
report be favorable. It is believed that by the
use of wire instead of hemp rope, a vessel of
the A\ abash class will bo relieved of over four
tons' weight aloft, and that there will be a
i large saving in the original cost, as well as in-
creased durability in the rigging of a vessel.
The coal contracts for the current year are for
forty thousand tons delivered at Philadelphia,
at $5 61 per ton, and twelve thousand tons
delivered at New York, at ยง7 28 per ton. But
little coal has been sent abroad during the year.
Especial attention is invited to the suggestions
relative to the enlistment of seamen, both for
the naval and merchant service.
The report of the chief of the Bureau of
Construction and Repair is chiefly occupied
with the prospective wants of his department.
To place the Government dock-yards in such a
condition as the experience of the past few
years has shown to be necessary for efficient
service will l'equire the erection of a number
of new buildings. The views of the chief of
the bureau are detailed with some minuteness,
and should command attention. During the
war it became necessary to build many vessels
of unseasoned timber, but such vessels are of
short durability, and true economy will be eon-
suited by laying in for future use a large sup-
ply, particularly of oak and yellow pine timber.
Special appropriations for g, few years for this
purpose are recommended. During the year
the force in the navy-yards has been princi-
pally engaged in placing in efficient condition
the vessels which had been almost constantly
employed during the war, and but little prog-
ress has been made upon the hulls of the new
vessels.
The chief of the Bureau of Steam Engineer-
ing reports that no new work has been under-
taken during the year in his department. All
the new work under construction was com-
menced before the close of the war, and a num-
ber of engines are now completed, for which
the vessels have not been commenced. This
will be taken off the contractors' hands and
stored. The machinery for the Idaho and
Algonquin, designed by E. N. Dickerson, has
proved a failure in each case, and been rejected.
As the Navy is almost wholly a steam Navy, it
is suggested that increased facilities be afforded
for the construction and repair of steam ma-
chinery in our navy-yards, and tathis end esti-
mates, amounting to about one million and a
half of dollars, are submitted. The chief of
the bureau suggests that in view of the impor-
tance of the Engineer corps, the rank and pay
of engineer officers should be increased; also,
that the age qualification for cadet engineers
be extended to twenty-one years.
The chief of the Bureau of Provisions and
Clothing calls attention to the very great evils
of the present system of supplying a sailor with
his outfit. The market rate for the various
articles he is compelled to purchase is now so
high that when a sailor has received his advance
in money, and drawn his clothing and small-
stores, he finds a debt of about a hundred dol-
lars standing against him, which he cannot
expect to work out, after leaving a half-pay
allotment for his family, in less than a year.
The chief of the bureau recommends the erec-
tion of an additional storehouse, at a cost of
$150,000, upon the new purchase at Brooklyn,
known as the " Ruggles property.''
The chief of the Bureau of Medicine and
Surgery calls attention to the necessity for in-
creased hospital accommodations at the Naval
Academy, Annapolis, and suggests that a suffi-
cient sum be appropriated to purchase a proper
site, and to erect a hospital commensurate with
the necessities of the institution. Ho repre-
sents the hospital now in use as wholly insuffi-
cient for the present number connected with
the Academy. lie also urges an appropriation
of $150,000 additicnal to the amount already
appropriated to build a hospital at Mare Island,
improvements at the navy-yards, the present
condition of the work, and liis views of future
wants. The expenditures for permanent im-
provements were necessarily small during the
last four years, and now that the war is closed,
it is thought to be souud policy to supply many
of the wants and correct the defects which a
state of war has developed. The Portsmouth
yard has been extended by the purchase of
Seavey's Island, and arrangements have been
made, subject only to a grant of jurisdiction
by the New York Legislature, for extending
the Brooklyn yard by incorporating into it
property known as the Ruggles estate. The
means for executing work at the Philadelphia
yard are very limited, and, in consequence of
the want of shops and machinery, large quan-
tities of work have been done in private estab-
lishments which could have been performed
more economically and perfectly in the navy-
yard had the facilities existed. It is also rec-
ommended that the Washington yard be ex-
tended by the purchase of additional property.
Fourteen beneficiaries have been admitted to
the Naval Asylum during the year, nine have
died, and one has been sent to the Insane Asy-
lum. Total number on the rolls, including
officers and attendants, one hundred and
seventy-two; expenses, $62,282 58.
The Bureau of Navigation has under its im-
mediate supervision the Naval Academy, Naval
Observatory, Hydrograpliic Office, Nautical
Almanac, and the school for naval apprentices,
and a survey of operations in each of these
departments is given in the report of the chief
of the bureau. The subject of the local devia-
tion of compasses, arising from the use of large
quantities of iron in the construction of ves-
sels-of-war, is occupying the attention of the
bureau, and the results of some important
observations will soon be made public. To
collect data for this purpose, an officer was
especially sent to San Francisco in the iron-
clad Monadnock. A hydrograpliic office has
been established in this city, under authority
of an act of Congress passed at its last session.
It will be the central depot from which charts,
Bailingdirections, and nautical books in general
will issue. The new buildings for the Naval
Academy authorized by Congress will soon be
commenced ; other improvements have been
completed. The Superintendent of the Naval
Observatory reports that there has been added
to the instruments of that institution a great
transit circle, which restores the Observatory
to the rank of a first-class institution, and will
largely extend its sphere of usefulness. The
result thus far of the naval apprentice system
has not, in the opinion of the chief of the
bureau, disappointed the expectations of its
most sanguine advocates.
The chief of the Bureau of Ordnance reports
the sale, during the past year, of unserviceable
cannon and surplus powder to the amount of
$337,364. Other ordnance material which the
close of the war has left on hand, and is not
needed for the present or prospective wants of
the squadrons, will be disposed of. He states
that the most satisfactory results have been
attained with guns cast either solid or hollow,
and nothing has transpired abroad, in the ef-
forts to produce a steel or steel and wrought-
iron gun better than ours, to induce a tear
that cast-iron ordnance will be surpassed in
any essential of endurance, either as smooth-
bore or rifles. In gun-carriages a decided
improvement lias been made in the substi-
tution ot iron for the cumbersome wood ones
so long in use, and a carriage has recently
been designed upon which a fifteen-inch gutf-
can be safely handled in any weather in which
an action may be fought at sea.
The chief of the Bureau of Equipment and
Recruiting reports that seven hundred and
thirty-one tons of hemp, of a value of $21)0,489,
have been used at the Government ropewalk at
Charlestown. A board has been organized to
examine and test the comparative strength of
to answer the growing necessities of that distant
station. He represents that the building in
which the naval laboratory is carried on is small,
and so inconvenient as to seriously embarrass
its operations; that the machinery, apparatus,
manufacturing department, store-rooms, pack-
ing and dispensing rooms, are all crowded in
one small building. He submits an estimate
of $80,000 for additional laboratory accommo-
dations. Interesting tables connected with the
casualties of the Navy during the rebellion,
and showing its sanitary condition, are given.
The number of persons wounded during this
period was 4,030, of which 8,206 were from
gunpowder, 456 were scalded in battle, and 308
drowned in battle. The casualties incident to
servicc in the Navy, not connected with battle,
during the same time, were 2,070. The aggre-
gate number of deaths in the Navy from casu-
alties of'all kinds during the rebellion was 2,272,
as follows: from gunshot fractures, 495 ; from
gunshot flesh wounds, 1,300 ; from incidental
casualties, 373 ; died in rebel prison-pens, 1)5.
The colonel commandant of the Marine corps
reports that at his annual inspection he found
good order and discipline sufficiently marked
to reflect credit upon both officers and men.
One half of the strength of the corps is attached
to vessels upon foreign service ; the remainder
is employed in guarding the navy-yards and
naval magazines, and being instructed in the
duties of soldiers. No difficulty is experienced
in getting a sufficient number of recruits, and
of a better alass than formerly. The command-
ant of the corps recommends that new barracks
be erected in Washington to displace those at
present occupied, which were erected in 1805,
and besides being dilapidated and not adapted
to the health and comfort of the men, are con-
sidered wholly inadequate for the wants of the
service. It is also recommended that steps be -
taken towards securing a convenient site for
marine barracks at Norfolk, where there are
no suitable accommodations for the marines.
Attention is called to the fact that, although
the corps is a military organization numbering
some thirty-six hundred men, its commandant
holds but the commission of a colonel. Strong
interest is felt that the grade of brigadier gen-
eral should be conferred upon the highest officer
in a corps whose numbers and service would
seem to justify it, particularly at a time when
so many Army officers are honored with that
position.
CONCLUSION.
I have, in this report, presented to you, and
stated for the information of Congress, the
present condition of our naval force at home,
where its preparation for efficiency is still pro-
ceeding, though on a properly reduced scale,
and its arrangements and operations abroad,
where, following in the track of our expanding
commerce, it keeps faithful watch over our
national interests and honor. I have added to
this description such suggestions as I deemed
most worthy of favorable consideration, look-
ing, with a due observance of economy, to fur-
ther improvement of its organization. The
calm which succeeds the great tempest through
which our country has passed gives me the
gratifying opportunity, while stating the move-
ments of our naval force in distant seas, to
suspend for this year the five times resumed
narrative of its mighty growth and ever-memo-
rable achievements. Yet in closing this re-
port, I again exhort the Government and the
country to realize promptly and practically
that the maintenance of our Navy in an ampli-
tude of power adequate to any emergency is
intimately blended with our hopes of lasting
peace, with the augmentation of our vast com-
mercial enterprise and prosperity, and, above
all, with that grand and imposing naval renown
which has come in our age to be manifestly
the surest and the cheapest defense of a great
nation. GIDEON WELLES,
Secretary of the -\ac;/.
To the President.
