1866,3,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
4*?
Senate & Ho. oe Keps.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
39th Cong....2d Seta.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Department of the Interior,
■ Washington, D. C., November 19, 1808.
: * Sir: I have the honor to submit the follow-
ing exhibit of the operations of this Depart-
ment,' and' of the various and diversified inter-
ests ^connected with the branches of the public
service committed to its supervision.
Daring the fiscal year ending June 30, 1866,
public land's were disposed of as follows:
Acres sold for cash  388,294.15
" entered under the homestead acts...l,892,510.80
, located with military warrants  403,180.00
approved to States as swamp 1,199,658,27
approved to States for railroads  94,596.99
located with agricultural collcge
scrip    051,066.60
4,629,312.87
-During the same period 0,423,984.18 acres
were offered fpr sale. The cash receipts from
sales and other sources were $824,645 08. The
number of homestead entries exceeded that of
the preceding year by more than sixty per
cent.
There are sixty-one land districts and ton
surveying departments. During the past year
surveying operations have been prosecutcd
with energy in Minnesota, Dakota, Kansas,
Nebraska, Colorado, California, Oregon, Ne-
vada, and Washington, but have been deferred,
on account of Indian hostilities, in New Mex-
ico and Arizona. The anomalous condition of
affairs in Utah has prevented any surveys there
since the year 1857. At that date 2,500,000
acres had_ been surveyed. In order that they
may be disposed of, it. is recommended that a
land district be created in that Territory.
The entire amount of the public domain is
1,465,468,800 acres, of which 474,100,551 acres
have been surveyed.
The attention of Congress is again respect-
fully invited to the expediency of making early
provision for the adjustment of claims to land
situate in New Mexico and Arizona, arising un-
der the laws of Spain or Mexico. The act of
July 22, 1854, dirccts the surveyor geuernl to
ascertain the nature and extent of such claims
under the laws, usages, and customs of Spain
or MexicOj and to make a full report on all
such as originated before the cession of the
territory to the United States by the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo. Congress reserved the
right to confirm, by its action, bona fide plants,
and to give full effect to the stipulations of that
treaty. Until such action, (he lands covered
by those claims are reserved from sale or other
disposal by the Government. The act does not
apply to that valuable region of country ac-
quired by the treaty concluded at Mexico, De-
cember SO, 1858. Good faith and sound policy
require the separation from the public domain
of" private properly held by an incipient and
unperfected right, or by a complete title, under
a grant of the Government which preceded
us in the exercise of jurisdiction and sover-
eignty over the soil. The confirmation of a
private claim secures to the party a valid title.
The location of his land, when ascertained by
authentic surveys and noted upon our records,
identifies the property of the United Status,
and facilitates the disposal of it. The author-
ity of the surveyor general should extend to
the lands ceded by the later treaty; and by
a special tribunal created for the purpose, or
through the action of the courts, all grants of
this character could be definitely and finally
disposed of.
The boundary between New Mexico and
Colorado, as well as that between California
and Nevada, should be permanently estab-
lished, and the limits between Florida and,
Georgia finally adjusted.
It has been the cherished policy of the Gov-
ernment to assure upon the most liberal con-
ditions to the actual settler a title to his home
and improvements. His preference right of
purchase is not confined to lands which were
surveyed at the time of his settlement; nor is
he required to pay for them, or for those sur-
veyed but unoffered, until the day designated
by the President's proclamation for the public
sale. Differences of opinion exist as to the
applicability to particular localities of some
of the acts of Congress prescribing the period
within which the declaratory statement for un-
surveyed lands must bo filed. No distinction
ought to be made in regard to the time allowed
for the payment for unoffered lauds and those
which have been offered. I concur in opinion
with the Commissioner of the General Land
Office as to the changes that might bo advan-
tageously made in existing preemption laws.
They also should bo greatly simplified and
rendered more uniform in their operation. In
this way controversies such as hare been occa-
sioned by incongruous and conflicting provis-
ions will be avoided, and the benefits of this
wise and just policy effectually secured.
The right of the preemptor attaches from the
date of his actual personal settlement; that of
the homestead settler from the date of his entry
at the local land office. The latter is confined
to surveyed lands. In either ease the title may
be consummated by a full compliance with the
terms and conditions imposed by the law under
which it was initiated. A party who has set-
tled, with a view to preemption, upon a partic-
ular tract, and thus excluded all others from
acquiring a right thereto, should not bo per-
mitted to abandon his original claim and enter
the land under the homestead law. Such a
privilege would, in many instances, inevitably
lead to great abuse. The modes prescribed
for acquiring title to land by these enactments
essentially differ; and if the claimant under a
preemption law fails to perform the condition
which it enjoins, lie should incur the conse-
quences of such failure.
Authority should be given to the head of the
Department to close up the local office, and
transfer its archives, where the lands in a State
are nearly all disposed of. The powers vested
in the local oflicers might be conferred upon
the Commissioner of tlu> General Laud Office,
to enable him to give title on the sale of the
remaining tracts.
A few tracts have been entered in California
at tho minimum price of twenty dollars per
acre, under the supplemental act of March 3,
1805, for the disposal of coal lands. Tho pro-
priety of reducing this minimum, where the
coal is of inferior quality, and cannot be ob-
tained withoijt difficulty, is submitted for con-
sideration. The area of the coal lands of tho
United States is estimated at two hundred
thousand square miles.
Land offices luue been reopened in Florida,
Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Arkan-
sas. By the act approved Juno 21, 1800, pub-
lic lands in these Slates are reserved exclusively
for homestead entries; and for the period of
two years from the date of its passage only-
eighty acrcs can be entered by one person. The
opinion of the Attorney General that patents
for land sold under the revenue laws must is-
sue fiom the General Land Office V,ii 1 govern
the. action ot'tlie Department.
The law forbids any incumbent in the Gen-
eral Land Office to purchase public lands. I
suggest the propriety of extending it so as to
include every officer in any way connected with
the administration of the laws relating to them.
The grant to Iowa for the improvement of
tho Des Moines river has been fully satisfied.
It embraced 83o,079.90 acres.
There still remain unsold seventy-seven lots,
situated within the Fort Howard reserve, in
Wisconsin. They will be disposed of in ac-
cordance with the act of July 4, 1806.
Up to June 30, I860, 43,204,774 acres of
swamp lands had been patented to the several
States, and the aggregate indemnity to them on
account of such lands sold or otherwise dig-
posed of by the United States was, in cashf
$697,201 37, and, in other lands, 478,036.93
acres. It is recommended that the time for
making selections of such lands be limited to-
two years after the official plat is received at
the local office, and that the purpose of Con-
gress in relation to this subject be explicitly
declared.
' Instructions have been issued to the surveyor
general and the local officers in California to
give full and summary effect to the provisions
of the act of July 23, 1866, "to quiet land
titles in California."
The registers and receivers act as agents of
Government to prevent trespassers on the pub-
lic lands from removing timber therefrom. By
imposing fines, and compelling the offenders to
enter tho tracts trespassed on, the Government
lias been, to a considerable extent, protected
in its rights. A bona fide settler is allowed to
appropriate the timber On his claim only so far
as may bo necessary for indispensable uses.
The Commissioner presents the importance
of promoting by legal enactments the planting
and growth of trees on the public domain,
and he suggests the mode by which that object
may be accomplished.
Under the donation laws, patents for 1,282,-
423.93 acrcs of land in Oregon have been
issued. Additional legislation is recommended
to enforce the survey of donation claims on
which settlement was mado prior to the public
surveys.
Twelve hundred Indian patents were issued
during the last fiscal year, for 298,256 acres
of land.
Attention has beer, repeatedly invited by this
Department to the immense value of the de-
posits of precious metals within our territorial
limits. The mineral lands on the Pacific slope
belong to the Government, but it has not pro-
vided for tho disposal of the*&F, or for the de-
velopment of the treasure which they contain.
In the absence of legislation by Congress, and
with its tacit consent, these mines have been
worked by individuals, vast expenditures made,
andaspecies of possessory right acquired which
has been recognized by State laws, and main-
tained and vindicated by State tribunals. The
act of February 27,1805, declares that no action
in the courts of the United States for the re-
covery of any mining title, or for damages
thereto, shall bo affected by tho fact that the
paramount title to the land on which such
mines arc is in the United States, and the Su-
preme Court has held that mining interests,
apart from the fee-simple rights in the soil by
patent, existed before that act, with the implied
sanction of the Federal Government. The ex-
ploration and working of these mines have
largely contributed to the national wealth, and
our legislation should, I submit, be controlled
to some extent by existing rights and inter-
ests, which arc the legitimate results of our
policy of inaction. The wisdom of Congress
can devise measures which, by placing this vast
interest under tho control of positive law, will
render it tributary in a greater degree to the
public prosperity.
Copious details are furnished and many top-
ics connccted with the public lands ably dis-"
cussed in the interesting and elaborate report,
of the Commissioner.
By reason of the increased rates of pension,
more than §33,000,000 will be required for
this branch of tho service during the next, fiscal
year.
Samuel Downing, of Edinburg, Saratoga
county. New York, is the only surviving sol-
dier of the Revolution. His name was inad-
vertently omitted in the last annual report of
the Pension Bureau to this Department.
The names Of 931 widows of revolutionary
soldiers^ appear on the pension-rolls at the
close of tho last fiscal year.
The invalid pensioners disabled in the wars
