1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1417
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 293) authoriz-
ing the employment of a public vessel for the
transportation of provisions to the people of
the southern States.
message from the senate.
A message from, the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the amendments of the House to the
amendments of the Senate to House bill No.
1143, to provide for the more efficient govern-
ment of the late insurrectionary States.
It further announced that the Senate had
concurred in the amendments of the House to
bills of the following titles:
A bill (S. No. 513) granting a pension to
Patrick Meehan; and
A bill (S. No. 602) granting a pension to
Ezra B. Gordon.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed House bill No. 607, to amend an act
granting the right of way over the military
reserve at Fort Gratiot, Michigan, without
amendment; and that it had passed House joint
resolution No. 266, granting certain public
property to the State of Ohio, with an amend-
ment, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
hour of meeting.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, by -unanimous
consent, it was
Ordered, That from and after to-morrow, the 22d
instant, the House shall meet daily at eleven o'clock
a. m.
MISSISSIPPI TUBULAR BRIDGE.
On motion of Mr. ALLEY,'Senate bill No.
421, to authorize the construction of a sub-_
merged tubular bridge across the Mississippi
river, at the city of St. Louis, was taken from
the Speaker'stable, and read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill was read at length. The first
section empowers the Mississippi Submerged
Tubular Bridge Company, a corporation or-
ganized under the laws of the State of Mis-
souri, to construct, maintain, and operate a
submerged iron tubular bridge across the Mis-
sissippi river, between the city of St. Louis,
in the State of Missouri, and the_ city of East
St. Louis, in the State of Illinois, subject to
all the conditions contained in said act of incor-
poration and not inconsistent with the provis-
ions of this act. And in case of any litigation
arising from any obstruction, or alleged ob-
struction, to the free navigation of said waters
the cause maybe tried before the District Court
of the United States of any State in which any
portion of said obstruction or bridge touches.
The second section provides that any bridge
built under the provisions of this act shall be
tubular in construction, and sunk below the bed
of said river, so that the top of said structure
shall be below the bed of the channel of tlie
Mississippi river, and so that the same shall in
no wise interfere with or obstruct navigation
when completed, or prevent a safe and expe-
ditious transit for all classes of vessels upon said
river during construction.
The third section provides that any bridge
erected under the provisions of this act shall
be a lawful structure, and shall be recognized
and known as a post route, upon which no
higher charge shall be made for the transmis-
sion over the same of the mails, the troops,
the munitions of war of the United States,
than the rate per mile which the railroad com-
panies terminating at either end receive lor
such services.
The fourth section provides thn.t no exclu-
sive right or privilege shall ever be granted to
any of the steam railroads now concentrating
at St. Louis or Bast St. Louis by the said bridge
company to use the same^ but it^ shall be equally
open to all, under such regulations and at such
charges as may be fixed, not to exceed those
now charged by the Wiggings Ferry Company.
The bill was then read the third time, and
PaMr.dALLEY moved to reconsider the vote
Mr. SCIIENCK. I move that the amend-
ments of the Senate be non-concurred in; and
that the House ask the appointment of a com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses uxjon this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
rights of volunteers.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the House
took from the Speaker's table and proceeded,
by unanimous consent, to the consideration of
the amendments of the Senate to the bill of
the House No. 1134, declaring and fixing the
right of volunteers as a part of the Army.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the amend-
ments of the Senate be non-concurred in ; and
that the House ask the appointment of a com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses upon this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. DAVIS, (at
ten o'clock and ten minutes p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas: Resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Kansas, requesting Con-
gress to submit an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States providing that the Senators
from each State shall be chosen directly by the.qual-
i&ed electors thereof."
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The petition
of John Lewis and others, clerks in the Boston post
office, that rent of homestead shall be deducted in
estimating the amount ot their incomes subject to
taxation.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of William Lamey
and 28 others, citizens of Herkimer county, New
York, praying for a reduction of tax on leather.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of the Maine His-
torical Society, asking for the purchase of library of
Peter Force.
By Mr. MYERS : The petition and claim of the
widow of Frederick A. Whitfield, late acting third
assistant engineer in the Navy, for pension.
By air. SCHENCK: The petition ot Lot S. Bay-
less, aammis'trator of Lieutenant Marcus Bayless,
deceased, praying compensation for the military ser-
vices of said officer.
Also, the petition of soldiers of the war of 1812, for
the passage of a law granting thom pensions.
By Mr. SLOAN: The petition of II. S. Conger and
49 others, stockholders in national bank and citi-
zens of Wisconsin, protesting against interference
with the rights of said bank and the petitioners.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of Daniel Severy,
Isaac Ayres and 48 others'; also, of Nicholas Hill and
80 others, all citizens of St. Joseph county, Michigan,
asking that the five per cent, tax on manufactures
be removed.
Also, the petition of Mervin Pennel and 22 others,
citizens of Berrien county, Michigan, praying Con-
gress to take measures for the impeachment 01 the
President
By Mr.'VAN HORN, of New York: The petition
of cigar manufacturers of Lookport, New York, ask-
ing a specific tax of five dollars per thousand on
C1§yMr. WILSON, of Iowa: The remonstrance of
John W. Ellis and others, of Bloomfield, Iowa,
against legislation depreciating or unsettling the
established national currency.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 21, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Botntox
On motion of Mr. ALLEY, the reading of
the Journal of yesterday was dispensed with by
unanimous consent.
MAJOR a. S. BLOOM.
Mr McKEE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Major A. S. Bloom,
late major of the seventh Kentucky cavalry;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION AND BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled bills and a joint reso-
lution-of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 589) for the relief of
Delia A. Jacobs, late Delia A. Fitzgerald;
An act (H. R. Ne. 219) for the relief of
Catharine Mock;
An act (II. R. No. 7G0) for the relief of
James C. Cook; and
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to recon-sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
compound-interest notes.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. In ac-
cordance with the instructions of the House, I
am directed by the Committee of Ways and
Means to report a bill to provide ways and
means for the payment of compound-interest
notes.
Mr. PRICE. I ask that the bill be read be-
fore I raise a point of order upon its reception.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
receive on deposit compound-interest notes,
with the accrued interest, as a temporary loan,
and to issue therefor certificates as provided
by section four of the act approved June SO,
1864, bearing interest at a rate not exceeding
three and sixty-five hundredths per cent, per
annum, principal and interest payable in law-
ful money on demand. And said certificates
may constitute and be held by any national
bank holding or owning the same as a part of
the reserve provided for in sections thirty-one
and thirty-two of the act to provide a national
currency, approved June 3,1864; provided, that
not less than two fifths of the entire reserve of
such banks shall consist of lawful money of the
United States ; and provided further, that the
amount of such temporary certificates at any
time outstanding shall not exceed §100,000,000.
The second section provides that the first
proviso of the act entitled -'An act to amend
an act entitled 'An act to provide ways and
means for the support of the Government,'
approved March, 3, 1865," approved April 12,
1860, be, and the same is hereby, repealed ;
and the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
prohibited from retiring and canceling any
of the United States notes commonly called
•'greenbacks" during the current year.
Mr. PRICE. I rise to a question of order.
The point of order is that this bill not only
covers the instructions given to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means under the resolution
of my colleague, [Mr. but it goes
beyond and introduces a measure that has
been twice checked by the action of this House
within the last two days.
Now, I will say to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hooper] that I willnot object
to the introduction of this bill, if he will
allow an amendment to be offered to it and
considered by the House. I only want a fair
consideration of this questionand then if
the House is in favor of burdening the coun-
try with $3,000,000 a year more in the way
of interest, they can do so.
The SPEAKER. It is for the House to
determine whether this bill is in_ accordance
with its instructions. The Clerk will read from
page 74 of the Digest.
The Clerk read as follows:
"When any motion or proposition is made, the
question, 'Will the House now consider it; shall
not be put, unless it is demanded by some member,
or is deemed necessary by the Speaker. ^ u '
"And it is competent for a member to raise the ques-
tion of consideration upon a report, even though a
question of orivilege is involved m the report.
[Journal 1, 34, pp. 1083,1085.]
The SPEAKER. The resolution of the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Gkixnell] was gen-
eral in its character ; if the recollection ot the
Chair is correct, it did not specify any partic-
ular bill. The Committee of Ways and Means
were instructed to report some measure to stop
the curtailment of the currency. The gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Price] insists that his
bill is not in accordance with those instructions
of the House. But even if it involved a ques-
tion of privilege the House would have the
right to determine that question for itselt. llie
question is. Will the House consider and re-
ceive thia bill asm accordance with the instruc-
tions of the Committee of Ways and lVeans.
Mr. BROOMALL. Is this bill open to ob-
^The1 SPEAKER. It is, upon the point of
order made by the gentleman from Iowa, IMr.
Price.]
