1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
853
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is, un-
less the gentleman gives his reasons for desir-
ing to be excused.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Am I compelled to give
them verbally? Can I not send them to the
Clerk's desk? I have an elaborate article pre-
pared on the subject. [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I will
say to the gentleman that I objected out of def-
erence .to himself.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I was not aware the
gentleman had so much regard for me.
Mr. HILL. I suppose the gentleman places
it upon the ground that he is not tc> give his
reasons upon compulsion.'
Mr. INGERSOLL. Although they should
be as thick as blackberries I would not do it.
^Laughter.] J
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that the
gentleman can give his reasons for asking to
be excused, buthe cannot have them read with-
out permission of the House.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I suppose I can read
them myself?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, sir, on some more
happy occasion perhaps the House will' hear
them. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would like to know
what occasion that will be. [Laughter.]
Mr. B1NGHAM. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 27,
noes 68.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Would it be in order
to have the President's message read? [Laugh-
ter. ]
The SPEAKER. It would not; no busi-
ness can be transacted during the pendency of
the call of the House.
Mr. KASSON. Is there a quorum present?
The SPEAKER. There is.
Mr. KASSON. Then I move to suspend
further proceedings under the call for the pur-
pose of proceeding with the business of the
House.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. GRINNELL. I ask if it is in order to
move that the Speaker appoint an assistant
Sergeant-at-Arms so that members may be
brought in with greater facility ?
The SPEAKER. The Sergeant-at-Arms has
power to appoint special messengers under the
rule of the House.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I nse to a question of
order; whether it is in order for lunch to be
distributed on the desks of members during
business hours. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman insist
upon the point of order?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I make it in good faith.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that it is
not in order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I then ask that the
order be carried into execution.
The SPEAKER. The Doorkeeper will
execute the order.
Mr. HILL. Does that rule extend to ap-
ples? I am interested, as I have just sent for
half a-dozen. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move that the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary [Mr.
Wilson, of Iowa] be excused out of defer-
ence to his position as chairman of that com-
mittee, and also taking into consideration his
age. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not
himself asked to be excused.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, hav-
ing finished my lunch, I ask that the order of
the House be enforced and that the articles be
removed. [Laughter. ]
Mr. RADFORD. Mr. Speaker, I want to
know if the freedman yonder is'a member of
the House; if not, I ask that the floor may be
cleared. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. He is one of the employes
of the House, and therefore entitled to be
present.
Mr. RADFORD. Mr. Speaker, ia good
faith now I propose that the House adjourn ;
and on that motion I call the yeas and nays.
On ordering yeas and nays there were—
ayes nine.
Mr. LYNCH. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Lynch and Radford.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 2, noes 3. [Laughter. ]
The SPEAKER. One fifth having voted in
the affirmative, the yeas and nays are ordered.
[Laughter.]
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 13, nays 89, not voting
89 ; as follows: #
YEAS—Messrs. Baker. Bergen, Bingham, Camp-
bell, Cooper, Denison, Glossbrenner, Hale, Edwin
N. Hubbell, Ketcham, Miller, Rogers, and Trim-
ble-!:;.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Aneona, Delos K. Ashley,
Banks, Boutwell, Beyer, Brandegee, Broomali. Buck-
land, Reader W.Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom. Delano,
Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eldridge,
Eliot, Ferry, Finek, Grinnell, Abner C. Harding,
Hawkins, Hayes, Higby, Hill, Hogan, Holmes, Hoteh-
kiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John H.
Hubbard, Hulburd. Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Ju-
lian, Kasson, Kelso, Kerr, Koontz, Laflin, George V.
Lawrence, Le Blond. Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Mar-
shall, McClurg, Mclndoe, Mereur, Morris, Myers,
Newell, Niblaek, Nicholson. Noeli, O'Neill, Paine,
Perham, Price, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Wil-
liam H. Randall, Raymond, Sehenck. Scofield,
Shanklin, Shellabarger, Sloan, Spalding, Strouse,'
Taber, Nelson Taylor, Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Welker, Wentworth, Wha-
ley, Williams, James F. Wilson, Winfield.and Wood-
bridge—89.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Barker, Baxter,
Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Blaine, Blow, Brom-
well, Bundy, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Coukling. Cul-
ver, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Defrees, Deal-
ing, Dumont. Eggleston, F&rnsworth, Farquhar,
Goodyear, Griswold, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hart,
Henderson, Hise, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, James
R. Hubbell, Humphrey, Johnson, Jones. Kelley,
Kuykendall, Latham, William Lawrence, Lettwich,
Marston, Marvin, Maynard, McCullougn, McKee,
McRuer, Moorhead. Morrill, Moulton.Orth, Patter-
son, Phelps, Pike, Plants, I'omeroy, Alexander H.
Rice, John H. Rice, Ritter, Rollins, Ross, Rousseau,
Sawyer, Sitgreaves, Starr, Stevens, Stilwell, Stokes,
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John
L. Thomas. Thornton, Robert T. Van Horn, Andrew
H. Ward, Hamilton Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Henry D. Washburn, William B.Washburn,
Sfeephon F. Wilson, Windom. and Wright—89.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The Sergeant-at-Arms here appeared and
announced that in obedience to the warrant of
the Speaker he had arrested and produced at
the bar of the House, Mr. Okth, of Indiana.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Okth, you have been
absent from this House without its leave.
What excuse have you to render for your
absence ?
Mr. ORTH. I do not know that I have any
very good excuse to offer to this House. I
remained here until I was satisfied that I would
have a very late dinner if I got any at all. I
trusted to the good sense of this House to soon
adjourn; but 1 must confess that my confidence
was misplaced, although I set the example my-
self of leaving the House. And I will also say
that I saved the Sergeant-at-Arms from any
unnecessary traveling, because I was arrested
by him near the door of the House.
Mr. KOONTZ. I move that the gentleman
from Indiana, Mr. Orth, be excused upon the
payment of the usual fees.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to amend by
adding the following:
And being subjugated he shall submit to suffrage
without regard to race or color and shall take the
test oath. [Laughter.j
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is not in order.
The question was taken ; and the motion of
Mr. Kooxtz was agreed to.
The Sergeant-at-Arms also announced that
in obedience to the warrant of the Speaker he
had arrested and now produced at the bar of
the Honse, Mr. Hise, of Kentucky.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Hise, you have been
absent from this House without its leave. What
excuse have you to render for your absence?
Mr. HISE. May I inquire, being new to
legislative forms and proceedings, what will be
the penalty if I have no sufficient excuse to
render for my absence?
The SPEAKER. It is withimthe discretion
of the House. The visual penalty is the pay*
ment of fees to the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. HISE. I have the floor for a few mo-
ments, I suppose, for the purpose of rendering
my excuse.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
floor for the purpose of stating his reasons for
his absence.
Mr. HISE. I did not leave the Chamber
until after the usual hour of adjournment; it
was a few minutes after four o'clock before I
left. I was very much fatigued by close atten-
tion for some hours to the proceedings of the
House. I was also somewhat dispirited, I ac-
knowledge, with the appearance of things in
the House as I left it. f. perceived that a bill,
constituting, I supposed, one of a series of
measures, had been brought into the House,
and the supporters of the bill called for this
extraordinary previous question, denying the
privilege of discussion upon the subject. It
was a bill which, with its confreres and asso-
ciate measures, in my deliberate judgment,
makes an assault upon one of the main pillars
of this Government, and strikes down one of
the corner-stones of our political fabric.
Mr. KOONTZ. I rise to a question of order.
Is the gentleman in order in thus making a
speech upon this occasion?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the
Chair the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Hise] is not in order. The gentleman must
state his reasons for his absence without leave.
The opinion of the gentleman upon a pending
bill is not a reason for absence; it is a good
reason for his remaining in the House. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. HISE. I think I can show that my
remarks are pertinent.
Mr. LE BLOND. Is it not a good reason
why a member should leave the House that he
sees that one of the arms of the Government is
being assailed? [Cries of •'Order!" "Or-
der!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is out of
order.
Mr. HISE. When I left the Chamber I
thought I perceived that my further presence
here would be unnecessary and unavailable. I
was not willing to be present and see a meas-
ure of that description 
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the
gentleman is out of order.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move that the time
of the member from Kentucky [Mr. Hise] be
extended. [Great laughter.]
Mr. HISE. I was proceeding to show the
motives and reasons why I absented myself.
Be they good or be they bad, still they are
the reasons I have for leaving the Chamber as
I did : and they constitute the excuse, and
almost the only excuse, I have to offer. I had
heard the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Boctweli.] get up on this floor and proclaim
and declare the most monstrous and horrible
opinions that ever had been uttered either in
or out of this House. [Cries of "Order!"
"Order!"]
The SPEAKER. It is clearly not in order
for the gentleman to indulge in strictures upon
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boot-
well,] or any other gentleman, in rendering
his excuse for being absent without leave.
Mr. SLOAN. Is it not the duty of the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Hise] to take
his seat after he has been called to order until
he has the leave of the House to proceed ?
The SPEAKER. After the Chair has ruled
that a member is out of order in his remarks
the Chair has nothing further to do in the
matter. It is for a member, if he desires it,
to insist that the member called to order shall
take his seat until leave is given by the House
for him to proceed in order.
Mr. HISE. I was merely remarking that I
had heard opinions declared and views an-
nounced in regard to the structure and form of
Government 
' The SPEAKER. These remarks of the gen-
tleman are clearly out of order.
Mr. HISE. Well, I will (state that I thought
