1418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Mr. PIKE. The resolution of the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Grinnell] expressly
named the "currency called greenbacks,"
and the action of the committee was limited
to that.
Mr. HILL. I desire to make a motion to
recommit this bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Indiana it is not before the
House, and cannot be recommitted.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. If the
Clerk will read the second section I think the
House will perceive it is precisely in accord-
ance with our instructions.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask that the bill
be reported.
The bill was again read.
The SPEAKER. The question having been
made, the House will determine whether it
will accept this bill as the report of the com-
mittee under the instructions of the House or
not.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The sec-
ond section covers the resolution of the House
of the 4th instant. It was then resolved that
the public interest demands there shall not
during the coming year be any reduction in the
amount of outstanding United States notes,
commonly called "greenbacks;" and further,
that the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
structed to report such bill as may be neces-
sary on this subject. The committee have
reported that second section to cover the whole
ground. 1 do not propose to call the previous
question on the bill; and if the House should
prefer to see the bill in print, I do not object
to it going over till to-morrow to bo printed
and made the spceial order.
The SPEAKER. if the committee had re-
ported back the seoond section and then moved
the remaining portion as an amendment it
would have been in order.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The com-
mittee of Ways and Means reports this bill.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman reports
this bill for reference, then it is in order.
Mr. HILL. I rise to a point of order. Is
it in order when the committee has been in-
structed to report a certain bill to report an
entirely different one?
The SPEAKER. It is for the House to
determine whether they have done so or not.
The committee report that under the order to
report a bill for the curtailment of the cur-
rency this bill is necessary. It is for the House
to decidc.
Mr. HILL. If it be in order, I move that
this report be not received as a response to our
resolution ; and that they now be instructed to
report a bill with the first second stricken
out.
The .SPEAKER. The point will bo submit-
ted to the House whether it will or not receive
this reportin response to its order.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. T suggest the com-
mittee modify the bill by striking out the sec-
ond section. Then if it is desired they can
move the other portion as an amendment.
Mr. THAYER. I rise to a point of order.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means has not the right to report at any time
except for reference. If this is for reference
it is m order; if not it is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
stated the Committee of Ways and Means have
been instructed to report a certain bill. They
have reported this bill, and it is for the House
to determine whether it is in accordance with
their instructions or not.
Mr. THAYER. Have they the right to
report at the present time?
The SPEAKER. They have, under the
instructions of the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order. Either the Speaker's chair should be
removed to the center of the Hall, or mem-
bers should be prevented from crowding into
the area. [Laughter.].
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen will resume
their seats.
Mr. PRICE. I made the objection to the
bill because there are some things in it not
according to the instructions of the House.
And in my judgment the majority of this
House are not prepared to put this upon the
country at this time without consideration,
without debate, and without opportunity to
amend it. I will, however, withdraw my objec-
tion and let it be considered now, for it might
as well be considered now as at any other time.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I wish to
say the committee considered two things com-
ing together. The instructions of the House
had reference to the withdrawal of compound-
interest notes, and we thought their withdrawal
would be a sufficient reduction. We believed,
and I think properly, the two subjectscame
together and ought to be reported in the same
bill. The second resolution is in entire con-
formity to the resolution of the House, and the
first truly belongs to and is connected with it.
Both carry out fully the instructions of the
House.
Mr. PIKE. The House will recollect a prop-
osition of this sort came- from the Senate, and
was referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts.^ If the
gentleman will permit me to correct him I will
say it is different.
Mr. PIKE. It is in relation to six per cent,
compound-interest notes.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. There
was a bill from the Senate having relation to
these notes.
The SPEAKER. The question of the pri-
ority of business is not debatable. The Chair
has allowed this conversation to progress so
that the House might vote intelligibly.
Mr. LYNCH. 1 ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to accept an amendment to the
first section.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before the
House.
Mr. HILL. I wish to understand the exact
position in which the bill now stands, with a
view to bringing it before the House for action.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again state
that the objection being made that this is not
in conformity to the instructions of the House,
the question is, Will the House receive it as
such ?
Mr. PRICE. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is it now in order to
move to strike out the first section of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It is; the objection being
withdrawn.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make
that motion.
Mr. BROOMALL. I renew the objection.
The SPEAKER. The question then is
whether the bill will be received as in accord-
ance with the instruction of the House.
The motion to receive the bill was agreed
to—ayes 61, noes 39.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
the House is not really acquainted with the
provisions of this bill, but that when gentlemen
come to understand it entirely there will be no
opposition to it. In my opinion it meets the
views of the gentlemen who most object to it.
1 therefore propose that the bill be printed and
made the special order after the reading of the
Journal to-morrow, so that members can have
time to understand it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if that is agreed to it will come up after the
final disposition of the indemnity bill, which,
by unanimous consent, has been made the
special order from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. KELLEY. I object to its being a special
order.
The SPEAKER. The House can make it
the special order.
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone
till to-morrow can be adopted by a majority,
but the motion to make it the special order
requires a two-thirds vote.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If that motion is
carried, I understand it will not probably be
reached at all this session.
The SPEAKER. Probably not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I hope the
motion will be voted down.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. In that
case I withdraw the motion.
The SPEAKER. The bill is before the
House, and the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hooper] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, the object of this bill is to provide
the means for taking up the compound-interest
notes which fall due during the present year.
There are various ways in which they may be
met. The Secretary of the Treasury has
power under existing law to exchange one
form of indebtedness for another ; that is, he
may provide the means for taking up these
notes by the issue of five-twenty bonds or of
seven-thirty Treasury notes ; or he may increase
the issue of United States notes, known as
greenbacks, to the extent of $50,000,000. He
has express authority for doing either of these;
but if he chooses the latter we would still have
to provide other means to take up the excess
of these notes beyond $50,000,000.
The whole amount of compound-interest
notes outstanding is $140,000,000, making, with
the addition of the interest, about one hundred
and seventy .millions, all of which comes due
in the course of the fiscal year. This bill,
therefore, proposes to facilitate the taking up
of these notes by allowing them to be exchanged
for temporary loan, bearing interest at a rate
not exceeding three and sixty-five hundredths
per cent.
The committee were of opinion that the
banks that held these compound-interest
Treasury notes would be very glad to ex-
change them for these certificates, as provision
is made in this section for their making the
same use of them that they now make of the
compound-interest notes, that is, holding them
as part of their reserve.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to ask
the gentleman to explain what reason has
induced the Committee of Ways and Means to
recommend a departure from the principle of
the banking law, by which the banks are re-
quired to hold in reserve "lawful money."
Why is it that that committee now recommend
that certificates bearing interest and not being
a legal tender may be held by the banks in
reserve for the redemption of their circulation?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
state in reply that under the law, the banks in
cities where there is an Assistant Treasurer of
the United States can hold these certificates
as part of their reserve now; and certificates
of this character have been used for this pur-
pose, bearing, however, a higher rate of inter-
est than what is now proposed. They were
used by the banks for the purposes of the
clearing-house.
The banks held such certificates as a part of
their reserve. I will call the attention of the
gentleman to another fact, that these certifi-
cates are payable on demand; so that the
banks can at any time call upon the United
States Treasury to exchange them for lawful
money.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Thatmay be very well
in cities where there are Assistant Treasurers
of the United States, but how will it be with
the country banks ? The holders of the bills
of a bank present them for redemption, and
the bank is holding these certificates, which are
not legal tender and which cannot be used for
the redemption of its notes. The holders of
its bills, therefore, cannot receive from the
bank the amount of their bills until the bank
can send to some office of the Government
and have these certificates exchanged for legal
tender, and in the mean time the credit of the
bank is destroyed, and it goes into liquidation
merely because it has not in its hands the legal
tender required by the banking act to be held
in reserve.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
