654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
I perceived that if I remained in this Chamber
there was no hope that I could obtain the exer-
cise of the privilege of responding' to those
opinions, or of making known my opposition
to the monstrous measure now before the House.
I furthermore state that in connection with that
I was wearied and fatigued with my attendance
here, and I thought that perhaps my personal
presence was not material or necessary in any
way, either to prevent the adoption of that
measure or to give the opposition to its adop-
tion any aid or assistance. I perceived that
there were motions to lay on the table, to ad-
journ, and other motions by which the session
of the House would be protracted to a very
unreasonable hour in the night. And as I had
done my usual duty, and had performed my
usual amount of labor during the day, I hoped
that I might retire without any prejudice to the
public service.
Mr. GRINNELL. Is it in order to move
that the gentleman have leave to print the re-
mainder of his remarks?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not, as
the reasons the gentleman is giving are to in-
fluence the action of the House at this time.
Mr. SPALDING:. I would inquire if the
gentleman left with the intention of again re-
turning ?
Mr. HISE. I left with the intention of re-
turning to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Mr. LE BLOND. I move that the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Hise] be excused
upon the payment of the usual fees.
Mr. HISE. I came here immediately upon
the summons of the officer without any delay,
and here I am. [Laughter.]
. Mr. PRICE. As a reason for excusing the
gentleman it may be urged that he gives the
same reasons for absenting himself to-day that
the members of the southern confederacy gave
for absenting themselves in 1860.
Mr. RADFORD. I call the gentleman to
order.
The SPAEKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Price] is not in order in the remarks he
is" making.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Le Blond, that Mr. Hise be excused upon the
payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to move an
amendment to the motion of my colleague,
[Mr. Lb Blond.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is too late;
the motion of his colleague [Mr. Le Blond]
has been agreed to.
Mr. "WILSON, of Iowa. I move to recon-
sider the, vote by which the motion to excuse
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Hise] was
agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Upon
that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order: whether this business can be done
while the order is being executed for a call of
the House ?
The SPEAKER. What rule prohibits it ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I inquired of the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. That is the exact way in
which the call proceeds. The motion to re-
consider is of course in order, and it may be
laid on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Suppose there is no
quorum present?
The SPEAKER. The call of the House
presumes there is not a quorum present.
Mr. STROUSE. I ask unanimous consent
to excuse my colleague, Mr. Denison, from
further attendance at this sitting, as he is indis-
posed.
No objection was made.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a point of order.
Gentlemen who are supposed to be in the cus-
tody of the Sergeant-at-Arms are occupying
their seats in this Hall. I ask if that is per-
missible.
The SPEAKER. It is not; gentlemen who
are under arrest cannot occupy their seats
until they are discharged from custody.
Mr. WENTWORTH. ' I would inquire what
effect the decision of the Supreme Court has
upon these arrests ? [Laughter. ]
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not aware
what effect that will have.
The question being taken on the motion to
lay on the table the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the House excused Mr. Hise on
payment of the usual fees, it was decided in
the negative—ayes 48,* noes 53, not voting
90 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aneeria, Delos E. Ashley, Baker,
Banks, Bergen. Bingham, Boyer, Buckland, Camp-
bell, Cooper, Eldridge, Eliot, Farquhar, Finek, Gloss-
brenner. Hale, Abner C. Harding. Hogan, Hotehkiss,
Chester D. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbelt, Hunter,
Kerr, George V. Lawrence, Le Blond, Loan, Lynch,
Marshall, Miller. Niblack, Nicholson. Noell, Rad-
ford, Samuel J. Randal], William H. Randall, Ray-
mond, Hitter, Rogers, Scofield, Stilwell', Strouse,
Taber, Nelson Taylor, Francis Thomas. Trimble.
Wentworth, Whaley, and Winfield—48.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Brandegee, Reader W.
Clarke, Cobb, Cullom, Delano, Deming, Dixon, Bodge,
Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Ferry, Gntmeli, Griswold,
Hawkins, Hayes. Higby, Hill, Holmes, Hooper, De-
mas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll,
Jenekes, Julian, Kelso, Ketcham, Kooniz, Laflin,
Longyear, MeClurg, Melndoe, Mercur, Morris, Myers,
Newell, Orth, Paine, Perham, Price. Rollins, Sawyer,
Schenck, Shcllabarger. Sloan, Spalding, Upson, Wel-
ker. Williams. James F. Wilson, and W oodbridge—53.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Barker, Baxter,
Beaman, Benjamin,Bidwell, Blaine, Blow, Boutwell,
Broomall. Chanler, Sidney Clarke. Conkling, Cook,
Culver, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Dcfrees,
Denison, Dumont, Eggleston, Farnsworth, Garfield,
Goodyear, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hart, Henderson,
Hise, Ashael W. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Hum-
phrey, Johnson, Jones, Kasson, Kelley, Kuykendall,
Latham, William Lawrence, Leftwieh, Marston. Mar-
vin, Maynard, McCullough. MrKMcRuer, Moor-
head, Morrill, Moulton, O'Neill, Patterson, Phelps,
Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Alexander H. Rice, John II.
Rice, Ross, Rousseau, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Starr,
Stevens, Stokes, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thayer, John
L. Thomas, Thornton, Trowbridge, V an Aernam. Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Andrew H. Ward,
Hamilton Ward, Warner,ElihuB.Washburne, Henry
D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Stephen F.
Wlson, Windom, and Wright—90.
So the motion was not laid on the tabic.
The question recurred on the motion to re-
consider the vote by which Mr. Hise was
excused on payment of the fee.
Mr. SCHENCK. Upon that motion I desire
as a reason for the vote I shall give to have
some of the language used by the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Hise] read from the
Clerk's desk. I hope the reporter will be called
upon to read his notes.
Mr. RADFORD. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman has no right to present his views
at this time.
The SPEAKER. It is in the province of the
gentleman from Ohio, on the motion to recon-
sider, to state why the gentleman from Ken-
tucky should not be excused on the payment
of the fee. That motion opens the whole ques-
tion, the motion to lay it on the table being
rejected
Mr. SCHENCK. Tf the motion to recon-
sider shall prevail, I propose to move some fine
by way of amendment to the motion to dis-
charge the gentleman on payment of the usual
fee, because I think a fine ought to be imposed.
I think when a member is called upon to pre-
sent his excuse for his absence and he takes
advantage of that opportunity to announce se-
cession doctrines on this floor and to abuse the
chairman of the committee who reported the
bill under consideration, he ought to be made
an example of. And I ask, as a reason for the
vote which I shall give, and in illustration of
the remarks which I shall make, first for the
reading of this extract from the notes of the
reporters, which I send to the Chair, contain-
ing what he said about Mr. Boutwell.
The Clerk read as follows:
" I have heard the gentleman from Massachusetts
get up on this floor and proclaim and declare the
most monstrous and horrible opinions that ever had
been uttered either in or out of this House.''
Mr. SCHENCK. I also ask that the re-
marks made by the gentleman previous to that
shall be read from the notes of the reporters.
I am willing," however, to rest the case upon
this attack made upon the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell,] who intro-
duced the bill; an attack made by the gentle-
man from Kentucky under cover of an excuse
for his absence. I call the previous question
on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope not; I desire to
make some remarks upon the question.
Mr. LE BLOND. Can. the previous question
be ordered when the House is carrying out an
order for a call of the House, when the Speaker
has already announced that that presupposes
there to be a minority of this House present ?
The SPEAKER. Upon all the questions
growing out of a call of the House, and arising
from the power of the House over its absent
members, the previous question and a motion
to lay upon the table are in order under the
rules of the House.
Mr. LE BLOND. I hope my colleague will
withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion. I would like very much to be heard for
a moment in reply to my colleague.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish simply to say that
I have no desire myself to debate this matter,
and no desire to hear it debated. I leave the
case just where it was, that, in the exercise of
the privilege to give an excuse for his absence,
the gentlemen from Kentucky, at least, what-
ever may be thought of anything else he said,
took advantage of the occasion to attack a
member of this House, and that is the reason
why I shall vote to reconsider in order to afford
an opportunity to see whether the House will
not impose a further punishment than the easy
and lenient course of merely discharging the
member on payment of costs.
Mr. HALE. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] if he claims
that the language of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky as read from the Clerk's desk is unpar-
liamentary.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do claim it to be unpar-
liamentary, but that is not the point I make.
I present it as aproofofthefactthat he availed
himself of the opportunity to assault one of
the members of this House, denouncing him
as having uttered the most monstrous and hor-
rible opinions he ever heard expressed here or
anywhere else.
Mr. HALE. Then I would ask the gentle-
man would it be right in his judgment to im-
pose a fine upon a member of this House for
language which was not unparliamentary ? And
that being the question, I wish to submit the
question to the Speaker whether the language
of the gentleman from Kentucky was unpar-
liamentary.
The SPEAKER. That is not a question
for the ruling of the Chair on this proposition.
It is within the province of the House to de-
cide what penalties it will inflict upon its absent
members.
Mr. HISE. Will the gentleman yield tome?
Mr. SCHENCK. Not to make a speech on
this question. I will move myself to allow the
gentleman to respond hereafter, when a motion
is made to impose any further punishment
upon him; but I do not want him to argue this
question.
Mr. HISE. I never yet understood, may it
please the Speaker and the House, that to
characterize the opinions of a member of a
legislative body as monstrous, as untenable, as
opinions which, if carried out into practice,
would be subversive of the character of the
Government of the United States, could be
properly construed into personal abuse. Po-
litical, constitutional, and legal opinions ex-
pressed upon the floor of this House, in the
course of the transaction of the public business,
are fair subjects for criticism and remark. The
words 11 monstrous," "extraordinary," and
"horrible," are terms and expressions by '
which the extent and degree of our opposition
to those opinions may be made manifest. That
does not amount to personal abuse. How
often have gentlemen upon the other side of
the House characterized gentlemen upon this
side as "traitors" and "rebels" and "cop-
perheads," and characterized their principles
