1867.
THE'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
655
and views as "falacious," as the views of
'' factionists," as the views of1' secessionists,''
as "revolutionary," "rebellious," and all
that, without even being called to order for it?
Now, I intended no personal disrespect to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, none what-
ever ; but I looked upon him as being an edu-
cated man, and as belonging to that extreme
latitudinarian school of politicians which en-
courages and entertains views somewhat similar
but not Dearly as ultra as the views which he
seemed to express to-day. The views which
he expressed to-day tended, it seemed to me.
simply to this : that the legislative department
of this Government is supreme, and that the
executive and judicial departments are sub-
servient, to be ruled by it without regard to
constitutional checks and limitations on their
power. That, I thought, was the tendency of
his views, and I characterized them as mon-
strous, but I did it with no intention of per-
sonal disrespect toward the gentleman, none
whatever.
I brought it in in connection with my excuse
for my absence, and I really and conscientiously
believe I was not out of order in reverting to his
remarks to-day in making my excuse. What
effect must it not have had upon a man of my
political opinions to hear such views expressed
upon this floor? Sir, it saddened me. It pro-
duced a feeling of melancholy and sadness
. which I could not control. I had no chance to
speak, and no opportunity of expressing my
views or explaining my position to the House.
There was a struggle apparently going on, on
the one side for delay, in the hope of getting an
opportunity to discuss hereafter this most im-
portant and dangerous measure, and upon the
other side to maintain their position in passing
this measure without discussion or debate,
so that the eoantry may not be enlightened in
regard to it, though we may be. I had no
intention to be out of order ; but in this state
of mind and feeling, when I had been here
desiring to speak and hoping to get an oppor-
tunity to speak and express my strong and
indignant opposition to the'doctrines expressed
by that gentleman and their tendency, and
despairing of that opportunity and having ex-
hausted myself by my anxiety and atteution
to business, after the hour of four o'clock had
arrived, inasmuch as my age and time of life
make it necessary that I should have some
repose, I retired from the Chamber without
intending any disrespect to the House or to
the authority of the House, and the very
moment the Sergeant-at-Arms came to me and
notified me that there was a call of the House
and that my presence was demanded, I came
" up here.
The gentleman from Ohio is totally mistaken
in supposing that 1 have voluntarily gone out
of my way to indulge in any personal abuse of
the gentleman from Massachusetts. I adverted
to his opinions only to show the great anxiety
I had to respond to them and oppose them. I
despaired of an opportunity of doing so, and in
that way, my mind and feelings being affected
by the scenes that occurred here to-day, I re-
tired from the Chamber unfl^r the idea that my
presence would be of no service to my side of
the House, that no opportunity for discussion
would be allowed, and that the vote would not
be taken this afternoon.
Now, sir, I never have departed and I never
will depart from the subject-matter in hand. I
desire to treat all subjects before the House in
a legitimate, fair, and argumentative manner.
It has been my habit all my lifetime, when I
have been called- to the discussion of any sub-
ject, either in legislative halls before the people
or at the bar, to confine myself to the subject-
matter in hand. I have never allowed myself
to go out of the way and indulge in personal
abuse of men opposed to me, either in the Legis-
lature, before the people, or at the bar. There-
fore, if the gentleman understood' me as de-
signedly or voluntarily going out of the way
and departing from the proper rules of deco-
rum in making the allusion 1 did to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutweli,,] he
misunderstood my motives at least, if he did
not put a wrong construction upon what I said.
I care but little about being fined. I suppose I
have furnished about as good and reasonable
an excuse for my departure from this Chamber
as any other delinquent who was absent when
the roll was called.
Mr. SCHENCK. After having yielded to
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Hise] to
make his explanation of his motives and pur-
poses, I feel it due to myself as well as to the
House to be a little more explicit in presenting
the point raised by the question now pending.
In objecting to the language used by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky in presenting his excuse
for absence from the House, I do not wish to
be understood as construing it to be a personal
assault prompted by personal hostility or en-
mity in any shape toward the gentleman from
Massachusetts. The grorfnd I take is this:
the gentleman was absent at the call of the
roll; he was sent for; was arrested and has
been brought to the bar of the House by the
Sergeant-at-Arms, and has been called upon
for his excuse for his absence. In making
that excuse he assigns as a reason for his ab-
sence that while he was here he had heard
such monstrous doctrines, such horrible opin-
ions expressed by^the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts that he was so saddened and dispir-
ited that he left the House, because he had
become satisfied, from the course of proceed-
ing here, that such was the tyranny of this
House he could not exercise his rights here as
a Representative.
Now, I do not think I have overstated his
language, and before I take my seat I may ask
for the reading from the Globe reporter's notes
of the language he did use. My objection is
not so much to an attack upon a particular
member, as to his characterizing the opinions
of that member as horrible in connection with
his reasons for leaving the House, and his con-
clusion that this House was a tyrannical body,
in which he could not exercise his rights as a
member. That I claim to be an arraignment
of the majority of this House, under color of
giving an excuse for his absence. That is the
point I desire to have presented here. But
the gentleman makes such disclaimer of mo-
tives that I hardly know whether to insist upon a
reconsideration of the vote excusing him or not.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Will the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] yield to me for a
few moments?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I did not hear the re-
marks of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Hise] when he was making his explanation
to the House, nor did I know what he had
said until the words were reported from the
Clerk's desk. I certainly should not have felt
particularly aggrieved by the remarks which
the gentleman made. I myself indulge in
great frankness of expression about measures,
and sometimes abont'men; and no doubt I
am oftentimes under the necessity of soliciting
the charity of others to put the most favorable
construction upon what I may say; and I am
always disposed to put a similar construction
upon what is said by others.
I trust the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Scijenck] will not press this matter upon the
ground of any personal regard which I know
he entertains for myself. If he supposes that
the course of remarks of the gentleman from
Kentucky in any way infringes the rights of a
majority of the House, that is a question with
which I have no more concern than any other
member of this House. The House will vin-
dicate its own rights and privileges of course.
Now, I desire to make a remark a little out-
side of this preseut matter, which is somewhat
personal. The Committee on the Judiciary
commenced reporting this morning. It has
but two hours of the time of the House now,
and will probably have no more of the time of
the House during this session. It had several
important measures which it desired to report
and to have passed, if such should be the judg-
ment of the House.
Our friends on the other side of the House
I think ought to consider, when they express
the idea that we exercise some tyranny in press-
ing these measures, that we have only two
hours at our command for the purpose of bring-
ing before this body, and soliciting its favor-
able action upon them, all the measures which
have been submitted to the Judiciary Com-
mittee. Now, if we allow gentleman to indulge
in great latitude of discussion, the business of
the House, so far as it is in the hands of the
Committee on the Judiciary, would soon be at
an end. I- think that ought to be a reason why
a member of the Judiciary Committee reporting
a measure should be excused from the charge
of exercising any tyrannical force over the
minority.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I want to inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bout-
well, ]*if he considers that any fair or reason-
able opportunity for debate has been granted
to gentlemen upon this side of the -House to
make such remarks and argument as the char-
acter and importance of the subject would
require of members of any deliberative body?
Mr. BOUTWELL. If the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] asks me whether
I think the brief time, something less than two
hours, which was accorded to the discussion
of this subject this morning, is the time that
should be given to a question of this sort, I
say frankly that in my judgment/it is not suf-
ficient time.
But if he asks me whether, under the rule
of this House, by which the Committee on the
Judiciary as well as the members of the House
are bound, it was reasonable for the Committee
on the Judiciary to give more time than was
given this morning, then I must say that I
think we gave all the time which, with reference
to the business in'our charge, we had a right
to give. But the gentlemen on the other side
will recollect that two of the three persons who
first addressed the House on the pending bill
were gentlemen on the other side, and that
then I gave way to my colleague upon the
committee, its chairman, the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] to speak for a few minutes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The remark made by the
gentleman from Massachusetts is subject to
misapprehension. He stated the committee
had two hours to report, and seemed to indi-
cate that was all the time which could possibly
be devoted to the discussion of these measures.
I understand the rule to be they may report in
that time and' that it gives as much time as
the House may wish for the discussion of any
question. It is not necessary they should be
all discussed and passed in two hours.
Mr. HISE. I simply rise for the purpose
of responding to the few remarks made by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bout-
well,] and I hope in the same temper which
he has exhibited. Of course I have no per-
sonal acquaintance with him, not the least. I
do not know what his name is. All T know is,
his appearance and manner in the discussion
of this subject have made a favorable impres-
sion on my mind as to his being a gentleman
of cultivated intellect and of superior educa-
tion and attainments, a gentleman of courtesy
and kindness. I had not the slightest inten-
tion to impute to him any intentional depart-
ure from what was proper, but only alluded
to him as belonging to the latitudinarian school
of politicians.
Therefore so far as the gentleman from Ohio
has based his motion for inflicting an addi-
tional pecuniary fine upon me on the ground I
went out. of my way to abuse the gentleman
from Massachusetts, he is entirely mistaken.
I did not intend any personal abuse. In the
few remarks I submitted a few moments ago,
I did not go out of my way violently to charac-
terize the attempts of that gentleman as horri-
ble and extraordinary. It was in my way to
do so on my privilege in making an excuse for
my absence from the House. I did not make
it personal. I thought it was pertinent, for
part of my excuse was that we were denied all
expression of our views, while those ou the
