1866.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
49
39th Cong....'2d Sess.
• Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
ficers. They receive a fixed compensation,
without regard to the oases submitted to them.
The amount of the judge's emoluments for this
special service depends upon the number of
appeals to him, and that may be increased or
diminished by the character of his decisions.
He is thus placed in a position which no judi-
cial officer should be compelled to occupy.
The act of March 3, 1849, establishing this
Department, directed ''the Secretary of the
Interior to exercise and perform all the acts
of supervision and appeal in regard ■ to the
office of Commissioner of Patents theretofore
exercised by the Secretary of State." Subse-
quent legislation has not changed the connec-
tion then created. The Commissioner being
thus subordinate to and under the control of
this Department, should, as is now required
of the other officers who sustain the same re-
lation to it, submit to the Secretary a detailed
report of the condition and operations of his
bureau. The act of 1837, directing him to
report to Congress, was passed when the Pat-
ent Office was under the supervision of the Sec-
retary of State, who makes no annual report to
the President of the United States for trans-
mission to that body. The reason for the
present exceptional regulation no longer ex-
ists, and I recommend that Congress order
the Commissioner to make his annual report
to the Secretary of the Interior.
On the Gth instant the Union Pacific railroad
was completed to a point twenty-three miles
west of the hundredth meridian of longitude,
being two hundred and seventy miles distant
from Omaha. The want of a railroad connec-
tion from Omaha eastward has retarded the
transportation of the iron and equipments of
the road and compelled the company to rely
upon shipments by the Missouri river, at such
times as the state of the navigation permitted.
The difficulty will be removed by the construc-
tion of the railway from Clinton to Council
Bluffs, which, it is believed, will be completed
next spring.
The company Have constructed all their depot
buildings at Omaha. The arrangement and
extent of their grounds and permanent fixtures
are on a scale adapted to our vast and increas-
ing traffic between the western and eastern
shores of the continent. The road has been
built of such excellent materials, and in so
substantial a manner, as to elicit repeated ex-
pressions of commendation from the Govern-
ment directors and commissioners. There can
be no better evidence of the fidelity with which
the company have met the requirements of
Congress than the fact that the.commissioners
have in no instance refused to accept any por-
tion of the road presented to them for exam-
ination.
The company have not filed a map showing
the permanent location of the road beyond a
point three hundred miles west of Omaha,
surveying parties have been actively engaged
in ascertaining the most direct and practicable
route, taking Julesburg, on the South Platte,
at the mouth of Lodge Pole creek, about three
hundred and seventy-five miles west of Omaha,
as a starting point, and have furnished a state-
ment of the comparative distances, quantities,
and gradients of three lines—one via Cache la
Poudre and Antelope pass, one via Camp Wal-
bach and Crow creek, and the other via Lodge
Pole creek, Camp Walbach, and Cheyenne
pass. It is expected that the definite loca-
tion of this part of the road will not be long
deferred.
The company report that in April, 1865, their
engineer commenced an extended reconnois-
sance of the country east of Great Salt Lake,
with a view to find a practicable route over the
Wasatch mountains to Green river via Spanish
Fork and the Uinta. After ascending- the
Spanish Fork to its head-waters, he explored
the whole district of country lying between the
hundred and tenth and hundred and eleventh
meridians of longitude, and between the par-
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 4.
allels of forty degrees and forty degrees and
thirty minutes of latitude. The result of these
examinations satisfied him that such a route
could not be found.
The survey of the line by the way of the val-
ley of the Sweetwater, the South pass of the
Rocky mountains, and the valley of Black's
Fork of Green river was then commenced. It
established the important fact that the summits
of all the passes, of which surveys had been
made in the great ranges of those mountains,
have very nearly the same altitude above tide-
water. Further examinations were made by
the company's engineer in that region, the
details of which have not been furnished to
the Department.
One of the most important of this company's
surveys extends from Great Salt Lake west to
the Humboldt valley, between the hundred and
fifteenth and the hundred and sixteenth me-
ridian of longitude, traversing the Great Amer-.
ican desert. Although incomplete, it has re-
sulted in the discovery of a line, with grades
not exceeding sixty feet per mile, from Great
Salt Lake City to the valley of the Humboldt,
across the Humboldt range of mountains, a
distance of two hundred and eight miles. For
about one hundred and fifty miles across the
desert no fresh water was found by the engi-
neer. He is satisfied, however, from his ex-
aminations, that it can be obtained in the
passes over Cedar mountain, on the eastern
side of the desert, and the first range west of
the desert, leaving only sixty miles without
fresh water. The soil is admirably adapted to
a fine hard road-bed. The results of the sur-
vey are satisfactory to the company, and show
that the difficulties to be overcome are much
less formidable than were anticipated.
The company report that the amount act-
ually expended on the road in money is
$9,690,082 01. Of this amount $3,113,221 25
have been derived from the sale $3,280,000 of
Government bonds, §3,901,857 01 from loans,
and $2,508,725 from stock subscriptions. This
amount does not embrace the indebtedness to
the contractors for the first two hundred and
forty-six miles of road, extending from Omaha
to the one hundredth meridian. Their con-
tract expired by the completion of this part of
the line, and when the whole indebtedness of
the company is adjusted the entire expendi-
ture, including a million of stock which the
contractors agreed to take, will not fall short
of $12,600,000. The amount of the company's
loan is $3,668,213 95. To meet this debt it has
$5,480,000 of its first mortgage bonds unsold,
and $560,000 of Government securities.
The amount of bonds actually executed is
$3,560,000. The company is entitled to issue
the following amounts: first, for two hundred
and forty miles of road accepted by the Gov-
ernment, $3,840,000; second, for one hundred
miles in advance, $1,600,000, making a total
of $5,440,000.
None of these bonds have been offered for
sale. They are made, by the act of Congress,
a lien prior to that of the Government, and it
was deemed advisable to wait, before negotiat-
ing them, until the work had made such prog-
ress as to give to the public the assurance that
its successful completion was no longer a mat-
ter of doubt. They have, therefore, been used
to a limited amount as a basis for temporary
The rolling stock on the road consists of
twenty-one locomotives, one hundred and fifty-
six flat, forty-six box, thirty-five hand, and five
passenger cars.
The Union Pacific Railway Company, east-
ern division, have constructed their road to
Fort Riley, one hundred and thirty-five miles
west of the Missouri river, of which one hun-
dred and thirty have been accepted by the
Government, thus giving a continuous line ot
railroad and telegraph four hundred and eignt-
I eeu miles west of St. Louis. , ,
I They have alio constructed a branch road,
thirty miles in length, from Lawrence to
Leavenworth, which affords them another line
of communication to the Missouri river.
The company report that the present equip-
ment of the road is as follows: nine locomo-
tives, ten first-class passenger, three baggage
and express, one hundred and one box, ninety-
®>ur flat, and twenty-seven hand cars. They
have also purchased eight locomotives, five
passenger, fifty flat, twenty stock, and four hand
cars, have supplied the road with the requisite
stations, depots, and water-tanks, and com-
menced the construction of machine-shops and
round-houses at Wyandotte and Lawrence.
Iron, weighing fifty-six pounds to the linear
yard, and sufficient to construct one hundred
and sixty additional miles of road, with sidings,
has been purchased and will be delivered
monthly until next April. Contracts have been
made to complete the road two hundred and
fifty miles beyond Fort Riley by the 31st day
of December, 1867.
The traffic of the road is already consider-
able, and gives promise of great increase in
the future. The gross receipts of one hundred
and five miles of main line and thirty miles of
branch road, for the month of September, were
$42,000.
The commissioners, under date of November
28, report that they have examined, and they
recommend the acceptance of, an additional
section of the road of the Central Pacific Rail-
road Company of California, making a distance
of seventy-four miles from Sacramento. The
company report, under date of the 13th ultimo,
that they have constructed an additional section
of twenty miles, reaching at the terminus an
elevation of about sixty-one hundred feet above
tide-water at Sacramento. A force of ten
thousand men is now engaged in grading the
next two sections; the ties are redwood, equal
to cedar in durability, and number about
twenty-five hundred to the mile and the cul-
verts are constructed of granite or other hard
stone, except in the valley, where hard-burnt
brick is substituted, as stone could not be pro-
cured. The bridges are made of the best
quality of red fir. The drainage is ample, and
die road well ballasted with gravel and broken
rock. The grades are necessarily high. The
maximum authorized by law has been reached
for a distance of three and one half miles.
There is no difficulty in operating these por-
tions of the road. The passenger trains make
twenty-five and the freight trains twelve miles
per hour.
There are on the road, or in transitu, thirty
locomotives and six hundred and seventy-one
cars. The company have in Sacramento the
machinery for a large machine and repair shop,
including a powerful horizontal engine for fur-
nishing the driving power. The shop is in
process of erection, and the company expect
soon to be able to build locomotives and cars
equal to those furnished in the eastern States.
The tunnels have been constructed sufficiently
wide to accommodate double tracks. A full
force is at present employed in constructing a
tunnel sixteen hundred feet in length at the
summit of the Sierra Nevada, and one of nine
hundred feet in length seven miles east of that
point. " . ii
Examinations and surveys indicate the val-
ley of the Humboldt as the most advantageous
route through the State of Nevada.
The company expect to reach, during next
year, the Big Bend of the Truckee river, to
which point the road has been permanently
located, a distance of one hundred and ninety-
five miles from Sacramento. They allege that
their expenditure exceeds $12,000,000, and
they entertain no doubt that the _ road will be
completed to Salt Lake City during the year
1870
The Atchison and Pike's Peak Railroad _
Company have completed forty miles of their
road west from Atchison. The company re-
port they have on hand six locomotiYei,
