656
lOT CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
other side of the Chamber had opportunity to
enunciate their doctrines. I was affected by
a feeling of sadness and melancholy; I was
fatigued and went out, not supposing the vote
would be taken until to-morrow, when we could
place ourselves upon the record against this
. most monstrous measure.
I did not use the word tyrannical in regard to
•this House. At the same time permit me to
be frank enough to confess that to me the
course taken seems to be arbitrary in the ex-
treme ; that is, for gentlemen to get up a
measure of that sort, the tendency of which,
the true construction and understanding of
which, cannot come to us at the moment, and
after they have said what they want to say to
rally their own party then to close the discus-
son, so' that we cannot tell the country and
Our constituents what we think on the subject.
I am not experienced in legislation. I never
was in Congress before, although I was in the
State Legislature. No such practice ever at-
tained there. I am not familiar with the rules,
and it requires time, especially with old men
who do not learn so fast, to find out these
rules. I was taken thoroughly and completely
by surprise by the demand for the previous
question, by which a man who introduces a
measure presents it at the Clerk's desk, makes
an eulogy of the measure, and then forces it
through without discussion on our part to en-
lighten our constituents on the subject. It
seems to me to be arbitrary, though the gen-
tleman says he does not think it to be arbi-
trary. Gentlemen on the other side may be
generous in their personal character, but I
.must say they appear to act tyrannically in the
way they force these measures through with-
out proper consideration.
Now if a young member sees a thing in this
light I think he ought to be'exeusesl. [Laugh-
ter.] So it looks to me. I have been on this
floor something like eight weeks and'have been
endeavoring to get the floor and to be heard on
every important question that has come up be-
fore the House. I have been fuming and fret-
ting, being compelled all the time, with emo-
tiong swelling in my bosom, and thoughts pour-
ing into my brain, to hold my peace and say
not a word. [Laughter.] Now this looks to
me very unlike free discussion. . I am aware
the majority of the House are not liberal.
Mr. HILL. Will the gentleman allow me a
single question ?
Mr. HISE. Yes, sir.
Mr. HILL. Am I mistaken in saying that
he has already occupied four hours1 of the
time of the House for discussion at the pres-
ent session? Such is my impression—that one
speech of his occupied some three hours and
another one.
Mr. HISE. I will frankly confess that
probably I have consumed about three hours
and a half, two and a half of which were
occupied in the discussion of the President's
message in Committee of the Whole, when it
is supposed that young members might be quite
discursive and immethodical in the presenta-
tion of their views. But it will be observed
that notwithstanding I had, under the practice
and rule of the Committee of the Whole, that
latitude of discussion, I confined myself in a
close and what I believe'to have been a logical
argument on the sole question of the constitu-
tional right of the southern States to represent-
ation on this floor. I did not wander from it
for a moment. There were other measures,
-it is true. For instance, the bill introduced for
the disfranchisement of the southern States by
depriving them of their political right of repre-
sentation, and at the same time of their right
to their due weight in the election of President
of the United States.
Mr. HILL. Will the gentleman allow me a
question ?
Mr. HISE. Not till I have answered the
gentleman's first question. [Laughter.] On
another question I got the floor on the recon-
struction bill. I had a word to say and was
cut off right in the midst of my argument.
[Laughter.] I had barely time in the one
hour allowed me by what is called the hour
rule to set forth the basis of the argument I
intended to make on the subject when down
came the hammer. [Laughter. ]
Mr. GRINNELL. I rise to a point of
order, whether the gentleman is speaking-under
the hour rule now. [Laughter. J
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is speak-
ing under the hour rule.
Mr. HISE. On another occasion some gen-
tleman was kind enough to allow me, as I un-
derstood fifteen minutes. It turned out it was
only eight minutes, so that in the very midst
almost of my first sentence down came the
hammer. [Laughter.] That is about all the
opportunity I have had for public discussion
upon the floor of a Republican Congress or of
a Congress of a republican Government. So
it goes. [Laughter.]
Now, in respect to my friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck,] I think he ought to consider
my age and my inexperience as a member of
this body. But, sir, 1 have no idea the gentle-
man was in earnest—not the least; because if
he was in earnest, and the proceedings of this
House are to be stopped during their progress
by calling a member to order for using abusive
epithets, and a motion is to be made that a fine
shall be imposed upon ger^lemen for the use
of unbecoming and improper language, why,
sir, we would have a fund in the Ireasury be-
fore the end of the session, provided gentlemen
paid their fines in all cases, that would pay all
the contingent expenses of the House. [Laugh-
ter.]
I am sure that if gentlemen here were to bo
punished for all their personal abuse and for
all their violations of order by the use of invec-
tives and abusive epithets, as the gentleman
proposes to punish me by the infliction of a
fine, why it would make a sum total that would
relieve the distress of all the poor, black and
white, in the city of Washington during this
winter. That is my opinion.
Having said thus much, I have nothing more
to say, unless the gentleman will learn to un-
derstand what we mean by liberality and cour-
tesy, and consent that this measure now before
the House be postponed to some day certain
for the purpose of discussion, and enable me
to add two other hours to the four that I have
already occupied. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 was about to bring this
matter, I thought, to a close, and an amicable
one, when I yielded the floor for a moment to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bout-
well.] I have already stated to the House
that I did not put the vote which I propose to
give upon reconsideration—for I have made no
motion—upon the ground of the personal attack
made upon the gentleman from Massachusetts,
but upon the ground that what was said about
the gentleman from Massachusetts was inci-
dental to an explanation made by the gentle-
man from Kentucky, in which he arraigned
this House, as I thought, for its tyrannical
course; whether he used that precise word or
not I do not know, under the pretext of giving
an excuse for his absence. The gentleman
from Kentucky has made, however, so frankly
and so fully, I think I may say, an explanation
of his entire want of personal animosity to-
ward anybody upon this side of the House, and
that his disposition to' arraign the House as
tyrannical was only Pickwickian, that I feel
bound to accept that explanation, and for one
I shall not press the motion to reconsider
further, and I hope the House will take into
consideration, as I do, the want of experience
of the juvenile member from Kentucky, which
he has pleaded here. I am disposed, for one,
to accept that explanation and be satisfied:
and if the House will excuse me for having
turned the faucet on this occasion, I promise
never to set it running again. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. In order to close
the faucet I withdraw the motion to recon-
sider.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar
of the House, and reported that in obedience
to the warrant of the Speaker he had arrested
and had in custody at the bar Messrs. Morrill,
Plants, Hubbell, of Ohio, McRotr, Stil-
weI/L, Anderson, of Missouri,-JPike, Beams.it,
Egglestojj-, Goodyear, Starr, Bidwell, Bax-
ter, and Washbtjrn, of Indiana.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Morrill, you have
been absent from the House without its leave.
What excuse have you to render for your ab-
sence ?
Mr. MORRILL. I think, Mr. Speaker, that
if you will examine the record you will find that
I was absent with the leave of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Ways
and Means has a right to sit during the sessions
of the House. If the committee was in session
the gentleman had a right to be absent. When
a gentleman wh<5 is on that eommittcc desires
to vote the Chair always presumes that he was
absent on official business; but on a call of the
House that permission does not apply unless
the gentleman himself states that he was absent
in attendance on the committee.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no other excuse to
offer.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move that the gentle-
man be excused on payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Egglestojt, you have
been absent from the House without its leave.
What excuse have you to render for your ab-
sence?
Mr. EGGLESTON. At the place where I
am taking my meeds I find that the boarders
fare best who get there early. The first table
is always the best. I was very hungry, and
did not think that we should get a vote upon
this bill, so I went down to get my dinner and
was arrested at my boarding place. That is
the only excuse I have to offer.
Mr. ROLLINS. I move that the gentleman
be excused on payment of the uSual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
■ The SPEAKER. Mr. Goodyear, you have
been absent from the House without its leave.
What excuse have you to offer for your ab-
s6dc6?
Mr. GOODYEAR. My only excuse is that
I had an engagement in the city at six o'clock,
and went down for the purpose of meeting it.
I was about coming back when the Sergeant-
at-Arms notified me that I was wanted.
Mr. RADFORD. I move that the gentle-
man be excused on payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Stilwelt., you have
been absent from the House without its leave.
What excuse have you to offer for your ab-
scncc ?
Mr. STILWELL. About half past four
o'clock, the usual time for adjournment, I left
the House, being quite hungry. I went to my
hotel to get my dinner, expecting to return
afterward if the House should remain in ses-
sion. While at the hotel I was called for by
an officer of the House and brought up here in
a carriage—a mode of conveyance which I do
not often use.
Mr. ING-ERSOLL. Would it not be in order
to move that all#the culprits at the bar be
excused en masse? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot recog-
nize that they are culprits. They are members
who have been absent from the session of the
House without leave. Each gentleman has the
right to render his excuse. Some gentlemen
may have been absent on account of illness.
Mr. JULIAN. I move that my colleague,
Mr. Stimv-ell, be excused on the payment
of the usual fine.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Beamax, you have
been absent from the House without its leave.
What excuse have you to render for your
absence?
A Member, (to Mr. Beaman.) Throw your-
self on the mercy of the court.
Mr. BEAMAN. No, sir: I propose to jus-
tify my conduct. Mr. Speaker, I am not en-
tirely satisfied that I have been disobeying or
disregarding any of the rules of this House in
