1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1421
directing tliatthe deposits in the different banks
in the country should be divided among the
people pro rata. That would have been a nice
thing for those people who would have received
any of the money ; but so far as my informa-
tion goes the resolution did not pass.
Now. the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Hotchkiss] proposes that the banks shall keep
their reserve fund in five-twenty bonds. Sir,
what is the reserve fund for? Every man who
has ever seen even the outside of a bank knows
that this reserved fund is to pay the claims of
depositors and bill-holders. A depositor comes
into the bank and says that he wants to draw
his deposits. He draws his check, stamps it
properly, and lays it down on the counter.
Now, will he be satisfied if the cashier hands
him a five-twenty bond? Certainly not; he
wants something he can circulate as money.
The next man who comes in holds in his hand
$1,000 of the circulation of that bank, which
he wants to have redeemed. Now, will the
bill-holder be satisfied with a five-twenty bond ?
Now, I am willing to concede that the gen-
tleman from New "iork [Mr. Hotchkiss] is a
first-rate lawyer; but I say he does not know
everything about banking or he woijld not
make such a proposition.
Mr. Speaker, 1 am opposed to that provis-
ion of the bill which looks to the repeal of
the law which authorizes the retirement of
$4,000,000 of the currency per month. As I
have already said, I propose that these com-
pound-interest notes shall be redeemed with
legal-tender notes, which, for the sake of argu-
ment only, I will admit would put that much
more in circulation upon the country. I say
I admit that only for the sake of argument,
for there is not even a moderate business man
who does not know that when these compound-
interest notes are replaced by legal tenders
the amount of circulation is very little, if any,
increased ; nothing worth talking about. The
banks are compelled to put in their reserve
fund the legal tenders which are issued in place
of these compound-interest notes; so that that
really works no inflation of the currency.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I must
now resume the floor.
Mr. PRTCE. The gentleman is a banker,
and certainly he will keep his contract with
me. .
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I yielded
to the gentleman for ten minutes.
Mr. PRTCE. I certainly have not spoken for
ten minutes.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
the gentleman has used up his time.
Mr. PRICE. If I have, a portion of it has
been taken up by gentlemen who interrupted
me. , _ ...
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I -will
yield to the gentleman two minutes more.
Mr. PRICE. I thank the gentleman for his
courtesy. Sir, this country must look forward
to an ultimate resumption of specie payment.
And where the receipts of the Government
exceed the expenditures, as they have done
during the last year, we can very safely prepare
to return to specie payment at some future day,
I grant you we cannot contract the currency
very much at this time; and I do not propose
by any action to contract the currency so as to
create any disturbance in the commercial or
other values of the country.
But with the tax list before us, showing an
excess of receipts of $200,000,000 over the
expenditures, we can relieve the tax-payers
of the country at least $150,000,000 a year by
a reduction of the taxes. That will leave us
$50,000,000 with which to retire the currency,
and in that way we will in time bring down
the $900,000,000 of currency which we now
have to some point where we may look for an
ultimate resumption of specie payment. Now,
this can be done in this way without any check
upon or interference with the business of the
country, and in no other way. Now, if we
retire those compound-interest notes and
replace them with five-twenty bonds, and
" also retire $48,000,000 of the currency per
year, there will be a contraction this year
of $148,000,000.
I know "the country is not prepared for
that, and will not agree to it. If we will in
this bill strike out the clause requiring the re-
peal of the law which now authorizes a con-
traction of $4,000,000 per month, and will
authorize the issue of legal-tender notes for
for this purpose and no other, to take the
place of the compound-interest notes as they
tall due and no faster, the country will move
on in that tide of prosperity which has char-
acterized it for the last few years.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield five minutes to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Egglestox.]
Mr. EGGLESTON._ Mr. Speaker, I have
been somewhat surprised at the views which
have been expressed by several gentlemen on
this important subject. It strikes me that this
is a very simple proposition; and if every
gentleman here would divest himself of all
biasing influences outside and inside of this
House, and of his own private feelings on the
subject, he could come to a correct conclusion
without any trouble.
What is this question? In the first place,
the national banks of the country are required
by your banking law to keep a certain amount
upon deposit to protect the depositors and
other creditors of the banks. It requires about
one hundred million dollars to supply the
national banks with the amount which they are
thus by law required to keep on hand. Of
these hundred millions now proposed to be
redeemed nearly ninety millions are locked up
in the vaults of the banks, drawing six per
cent, interest. Those notes become due during
this year, and we are bound to provide for
their redemption. The object of this bill is to
provide the ways and means of meeting those
notes.
It is urged that if we redeem those notes
with legal-tender notes wo shall increase the
volume of the currency. But, sir, tliis is im-
possible, because as soon as these notes become
due and the interest upon them ceases the
banks must put something else in their places.
If they cannot obtain interest-bearing notes in
their places they must accept legal tenders and
put them in their vaults in place of these com-
pound interest notes. Now, sir, the object of
the proposition of my friend from Massachu-
setts [Mr.'Hooper] is to give these banks in
return for their compound-interest notes cer-
tificates bearing three and sixty-five hundredths
per cent, interest. But I say let us give the
people the legal-tender notes. Let us author-
ize the issue of $100,000,000 of legal-tender
notes, and as fast as the compound-interest
notes mature let the Secretary of the Treasury
redeem them with legal tenders. These will
go into the vaults of the banksm place of the
others, and there will be no increase of the
volume of the currency.
But it is said that these compound-interest
notes are held as an investment. Now, Mr.
Speaker, I have only to say that if any per-
sons are holding these notes as an investment
they are very "green," for they can do much
better with other kinds of securities.
I hope, Mr. Speaker, that the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
tenh] will prevail, so that the people will be
saved the payment of interest upon the cer-
tificates which the gentleman from Massachu-
setts proposes shall be issued.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield two minutes to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Hotchkiss.] ,
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Mr. Speaker, I might
have claimed the floor, I suppose, upon a ques-
tion of privilege to answer that portion of the
language of the gentleman from Iowa which
was addressed to me. He says tliatl arn a good
lawyer, but a poor banker. Now, sir, I do not
profess to be a banker; the gentleman does.
I want to ask him how these moneys are to be
applied for the benefit of the depositor, when
the law requires that they shall he m the vaults
of the bank perfectly idle. The language of
the law is that they shall be there " at all
times." ' In the second place,' these banks of
$100,000 capital generally have on deposit
one, two, or three hundred thousand dollars.*
Now, if this twenty-five per cent, is there
security for the depositors, the depositor
is not entitled to more security than the bill
holder. When this banking law was enacted
and amended in the Thirty-Eighth Congress
I stood almost alone in the Republican party,
there being with me only a few friends like
my colleague from New York, defending the
privileges of the community to tax these banks
and to make them carry a portion of the bur-
dens of the Government. I would like to
know where my friend from Iowa was then ;
whether he voted as a friend of the people or
of those banks on that occasion. There can
be no earthly objection to the banks holding
these five-twenty bonds to the extent of twenty-
five per cent. They do not pay them out. They
may as well have interest upon them as for-
eign bond-holders. It is better for the coun-
try they should remain there in so far as they
save our bonds from going abroad, and the
annual export of gold to pay the interest on
those bonds. It is a suicidal policy, and if
the defendants in this case could be heard as
well as the plaintiffs, I have no doubt this
House could be convinced to allow these
banks to hold these bonds. Let them go into
the market, if they choose, and buy bonds.
They take them and hold them in reserve
instead of holding "greenbacks" in reserve.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield to the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. GRIN NELL. I only wish to say that
I am satisfied with the report of the committee
as proposed to be amended by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs ;] and I
think it will be satisfactory to the country,
and is as good as anything we can expect to
get.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, demanded
the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I hope
it will not be seconded.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
55, noes 55.
Mr. THAYER demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Hooper, of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Randall, of Pennsyl-
vania, were appointed.
The House again divided; and there were—
ayes seventy-two, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be
put. .
Mr.- HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise
under the rules to close the debate. I will
not presume to occupy the time of the House
in further discussion of this bill, except simply
to say I look upon the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Stevexs) as
one producing inflation of the currency. The
certificates as proposed in this section I think
would not have that effect. So far as these
banks hold these compound-interest notes as
part of their reserves, they would be merely
substituted for the certificates which are au-
thorized. It would be exchanging the com-
pound-interest notes bearing six_ per cent,
interest for certificates at a rate of interest not
exceeding three and sixty-five hundredths.
My own impression is, the Secretary would
not issue them over three per cent. I now
yield to my colleague on the committee.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say a word or two in defense of the first sec-
tion of this bill so far as it is regarded as a bill
in favor of national banks. The proposition
is simply to exchange certificates of indebted-
ness for compound-interest notes; and we are
told it is a mere device for the purpose of en-
abling the banks to receive interest. On the
contrary, I regard it to a certain extent as a
measure of contraction in the direction where
we should have contraction. It is known by
this House, under existing laws, the country
banks so called, that is, the banks outside of
the city of New York or nearly all of them.
