1'867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
657
being absent in this instance without leave.
During the Thirty-Seventh and the Thirty-
Eighth Congress I was absent only three days,
and in those instances my absence was in con-
sequence of serious sickness in my family.
During the last session I was absent, I think,
three days at one time, and afterward about
two weeks, in consequence of sickness. I
make these remarks for the purpose of calling
the attention of the House to the fact that, as
I suppose, I know more of the common law of
this House than most other gentlemen here
present. During all these six years I have
observed closely the proceedings of this House,
and I have discovered that we are in the habit
of having a very questionable quorum during
a great portion of the time. In view of this
fact, Mr. Speaker, that we are, day after day,
week after week, and month after month with-
out a quorum, you and my fellow-members will
readily perceive that I had good reason to sup-
gose it had become the common law of this
[ouse not to' punish anybody for so purely
fictitious a violation of the rules.
Having made this statement, I do not, as
my friend has suggested, "throw myself on
the mercy of the court," but I suggest that
those gentlemen who can show a clearer and
a better record than I can will be very proper
judges as to the condign punishment to be
inflicted npon me.
Mr. NIBLACK. In consideration of the
gentleman's good behavior, I move that he be
excused upon the payment of the usual fees.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Mr. Speaker, I think
that no fine should be imposed upon the gentle-
man from Michigan. He lias within'tfiis ses-
sion handed over to the Treasurer of the
United States more than $500, which he was
justly entitled to retain——
Mr. BEAMAN. I call the gentleman to
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Michi-
gan is still under arrest, and cannot call a mem-
ber to order.
Mr. BEAMAN. I am on my defense ; and
I submit that I have a right to defend myself.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman, while
under arrest and before his case is decided,
cannot call a member to order.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. That the gentleman
from Michigan has been conscientious in this
matter no one can doubt, though he has shown
himself more sensitive than other gentlemen
of the House.
Mr. BEAMAN. Has the gentleman the
right to slander the members of this House?
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I move to amend the
motion of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Niblaok] by striking out the provision for the
payment of the usual fees.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Niblack, it was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Anderson, you have
been absent from the House without its leave.
What excuse have you to render for your
&|}S611C6 ?
Mr. ANDERSON. I do not know, Mr.
Speaker, that I h&ve any very good excuse. I
have observed, sir, that in this city a gentle-
man must be on time if he wants to get any-
thing to eat. I stayed here until half-past four
o'clock watching the bad conduct of my Dem-
ocratic friends until I became so thoroughly
disgusted that I thought I would retire.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I eall the gentleman to
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldridge] excepts to the remarks
of the gentleman from Missouri. The Chair
thinks that they are not in order.
Mr. ANCONA. I move that the gentleman
from Missouri be excused on the payment of
the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Pike, you have been
absent from the House without its leave. What
excuse have you to render for your absence?"
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 42.
Mr. PIKE. I have no special excuse.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move that the gentle-
man be excused upon the payment of the usual
fees.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman was
so frank in his response to the Chair that I
move to amend the motion by striking out the
provision for the payment of the usual fees.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. HIGBY. If we adopt that amendment
all the rest of the prisoners will make the same
response that they may get off without paying
anything. [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amend-
ment so as to provide for the payment of half
the usual fees.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I withdraw the
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The amendment being
withdrawn, the amendment to the amendment
falls.
The motion of Mr. Broomall was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I rise
to a privileged question. I wish to know from
the Chair what is the amount of the usual fines.
The SPEAKER. That is not a privileged
question. The Chair will state, however, that
the amount is not very large. The members
interested will readily ascertain the amount.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I would
like to know whether this fund goes into the
Treasury of the United States or into the hands ,
of officers of this House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will find
all the information he desires on this subject
on page 176 of the Digest.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Well,
I will not press the inquiry.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Plants, you have
been absent from the House without its leave.
What excuse have you to render for your
absence?
Mr. PLANTS. I believe I have no sufficient
excuse. I think, however, I shall have to put
in a plea to the jurisdiction of th'e court. I left
the House, I acknowledge, for the purpose of
fulfilling a previous appointment; but I came
back promptly, without any notification and
without any compulsion. I was not brought
back in a carriage nor under any warrant. I
went away quietly and voluntarily, and I came
back in the same manner. I knew nothing of
all these proceedings until I was met at the
door by an officer of the House and informed
that I was under arrest, "^hen I left I sup-
posed there was no special reason why I need
remain. I have no other excuse to present.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I move that
the gentleman be excused on the payment of
the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. McRuer, you have
been absent from the House without its leave.
What excuse have you to offer foryour absence?
Mr. MoRUER. None. [Laughter. 1
Mr. MORRIS. I move that the gentleman
be excused on the payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. James R. Hubbelt,,
you have been absent from the House without
its leave. What excuse have you to render for
your absence ?
Mr. HUBBELL, of Ohio. I remained here
until half past four o'clock, when it was un-
derstood that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Botjtwell] would make'a motion
to adjourn, which would be adopted. I re-
mained in the House until the motion to adjourn
was made. I then left supposing that the
House would adjourn immediately. This is all
the excuse I have,to present.
Mr. FINCK. I move that my colleague be
excused on the payment of the usual fine.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Stare, you have,
been absent from the House without its leave.
What excuse have you to render for your
&bsfinc6?
Mr. STARR. Mr. Speaker, I ask to bef
discharged from arrest on the ground of my
privilege as a member. The Constitution pro-
vides that members shall be privileged from
arrest while going to and returning from the
sessions of the House. [Laughter.] I had
been home, and was returning when I was
arrested. [Renewed laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point raised by the gentleman. The same'
Constitution which the gentleman has quoted
provides that less than a quorum of either
House shall have the power to compel the
attendance of absent members. The House i
has prescribed this method of compelling their
attendance.
Mr. STARR. There was no compulsion
necessary in my case. I was at the door desir-
ing to come in.
Mr. MILLER. I move that the gentleman
be excused on the payment of the usual fees.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a question of
orde*. Is it not competent for the Speaker to
issue a general amnesty proclamation to all
these culprits? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The motion of Mr. Miller was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Bidwell, you have
been absent from the House without its leave.
What excuse have you to render for your
3rl)sqllc6 ^
Mr. BIDWELL. Early in the day I notified
my committee of a meeting to-morrow morn-
ing. It was necessary that I should have time
to prepare certain papers in order to be ready
for the meeting of the committee.
That is my main reason. The next reason
is that I saw it was'a question of filibustering,
and being no filibuster, having no sympathy
with filibustering, I did not think I could do
any good by remaining, especially as I sup-
posed the House would adjourn. That is all
of my excuse.
Mr. MILLER. I move that the gentleman
be excused on payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Baxter, you have
been absent from the House without its leave.
What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. BAXTER. I have no excuse to offer.
Mr. PERHAM. I move the gentleman be
excused on payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Washburn, of In-
diana, you have been absent from the House
without its leave. What excuse have you to
offer?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I remained
here until half past four, and supposed the
House was about to adjourn when I left.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I move the
gentleman be excused on payment of the usual
fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SQHENCK. Will it be in order to
move that the fees paid by absentees shall be
devoted to pay for the dinners of the members
who have remained? [Laughter.]
Mr. HPGAN. That is right.
The SPEAKER. The fees are provided for
in the statutes, and an order of the House ean-
not suspend the operation of the statutes.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Hart, you have been
absent from the House without its leave-.
What excuse have you to offer ?
Mr. HART. I have no excuse. I remained
here until five o'clock, and aided in filibuster-*
ing until the gentleman from Massachusetts
voted for the adjournment three times, and
then I left, supposing the House would soon
adjourn.
Mr. RADFORD. I move that my colleague
be excused on the payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Warner, you have
been absent from the House without its leave.
What excuse have you to offer ?
Mr. WARNER. No excuse. I remained here
until I thought all of us ought to be at home.
Mr> DEMING. I move that my colleague
be excused on the payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
