658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
The SPEAKER. Mr. Barker, you have
been absent from the House without its leave.
What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. BARKER. None. -
Mr. BROOMALL. I move that my colleague
be excused on payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Maynard, you have
been absent without leave of the House. What
excuse have you to offer?
Mr. MAYNARD. It was important to my
personal matters I should spend the evening
id my room writing. I left at a pretty late hour
and took one of my colleagues on the other
side with me; and as an appeal to the magna-
nimity and generosity of the House I will say
I gathered up a distinguished gentleman of
Massachusetts, whom I have here to exhibit.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MORRIS. I move the gentleman be
excused on payment of the fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Rice, of Massachu-
setts, you have been absent from the House
without its leave. What excuse have you to
offer?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I retired to
the room of the Committee on Naval Affairs
when I supposed the final vote was being taken
on the adjournment, and after some twenty
minutes went home. Finding the House had
not adjourned I returned voluntarily, and am
not under arrest, so far as I know.
Mr. CULLOM. I move that the gentleman
be excused on payment of fees.
The motion wag agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to dispense with all
further proceedings under the call.
Mr. FINCK demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken ; it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 74, nays 55, not voting
G2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Delos R. Ashley, Baker,
Baxter, Bingham, Boutwell, Brandegec, Auckland,
Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cullom, Dawson,
Delano, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Eckley, Eliot, Far-
quhar, Goodyear, Griswold, Hale, Hawkins, Hayes,
Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Chester I). Hub-
bard, Demas Hubbard, John II. Hubbard-, Edwin
N. Hubbell, James R. Hubbell, Hunter, Ingersoll,
Jenckes. Julian, Kasson, Kelso, Ketcham, Koontz,
Lallin, George V. Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, Marshall,
Marston, ,Maynard, McCIurg, Mclndoe. Mereur,
Miller. Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Paine, Pike, Price,
William II. Randall, Raymond, Scofield, Shellabar-
ger, Sloan, Spalding. Francis Thomas, Trowbridge,
Van Aernara, Burt Van Horn,Henry 1). Washburn,
Welker, Whaley, James F. Wilson, and Winfield—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Banks, Barker,
Beaman, Bergen, Bidwell, Boyer, Broomall, Camp-
bell, Cook, Cooper, Deming, Driggs, Eggleston, Eld-
rsdge, Ferry, Finck, Glossbrenner, Grirmell, AbnerC.
Harding, Hart, Higby, Hise, Hogan, Humphrey,Kerr,
Le Blond, Longyear, McRuer, Morris, Niblack.Nich-
olson, Noell, Orth, Perham, Plants, Radford, Samuel
J. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Ritter, Rogers, Rol-
lins. Sawyer, Sehenck, Shanklin, Starr, Stilwell,
Strouse, Nelson Taylor, Trimble, Upson, Warner,
Wentworth, and Williams—55.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Arnell,
James M. Ashley. Baldwin. Benjamin, Blaine. Blow,
Bromwell. Bundy, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Culver,
Darling, Davis, Dawes, Defrees, Denison, Dumont,
Farnsworth, Garfield, Aaron Harding, Harris. Hen-
derson, Holmes, Asahel W. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Johnson, Jones, Kelley, Kuykendall, Latham, Wil-
liam Lawreneo, Leftwich. Marvin, McCullough, Mc-
Kee, Moorhoad, Morrill, Moulton, Patterson, Phelps,
Pomeroy, Johnll. Rice, Ross, Rousseau, Sitgreaves,
Stevens, Stokes, Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thayer,
John L. Thomas, Thornton, Robert T. Van Horn,
Andrew II. Ward, Hamilton Ward, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, William B. Washburn, Stephen F. Wilson,
Windom, Woodbridge, and Wright—02.
So all further proceedings under the call
were dispensed with, and the doors were re-
opened.
The question recurred on the motion that
the bill be laid on the table, on which the yeas
and nays had been ordered.
Mr. FINCK. I move that the House ad-
journ, and on that I demand the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes twenty-five.
" Mr. BROOMALL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Bkoojiali, and Hise.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-two ; noes not counted.
So (one fifth of the members present having
voted in the affirmative) the yeas and nays
were ordered.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, it was decided in the negative—ayes
84, noes 99, not voting 58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Beaman, Bergen, Bidwell,
Boyer, Campbell, Conkling, Cooper, Finck, Gloss-
brenner, Goodyear, Hale, Aaron Harding, Hart, Hise,
Holmes, Edwin N. Hubbell, Hunter, Kuykendall,
Marshall, McRuer, Morrill, Nicholson, Samuel J.
Randall, Ritter, Scofield, Shanklin, Stilwell, Taber,
Trimble, Trowbridge, Andrew H. Ward, Whaley, and
Winfield—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Baker, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Bout-
well, Brandegee, Bromwell, Br0"mall, Buekland,
Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Cook Cullom, Dawson,
Delano, Deming, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs,
Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot, Farquhar, Ferry, Grinnell,
Griswold, Abner C. Harding, Hawkins.Hayes, Higby,
Hill, Hogan, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard,
Deinas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James R. Hub-
bell, Hulburd, Jenckes, Julian, Kasson. Kelso,Kerr,
Ketcham, Koontz, Lafiin, George V. Lawrence, Le
Blond, Loan. Longyear, Lynch, Marston, Maynard,
McClurg, Mclndoe, Mereur, Miller, Moorhead. Mor-
ris, Moulton, Myers, Newell, Niblack, Noell, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Perham, Plants, Price, Radford, Wil-
liam H. Randall, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice,
John II. Rico, Rollins, Sawyer, Sehenck, Shella-
barger, Sloan, Spalding," Starr, Strouse, Francis
Thomas,Upson,Van Aernam, Burt VanHorn, War-
ner, Henry D. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Wil-
liams, and James F.Wilson—99.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Arnell,
James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Bingham, Blaine, Blow,
Bundy, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Culver, Darling,
Davis, Dawes, Defrees. Denison, Dumont, Eldridge,
Farnsworth, Garfield, Harris, Henderson, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Johnson, Jones,
Kelley, Latham, William Lawrence, Leftwich, Mar-
vin, McCullough, McICee, Patterson, Phelps, Piko,
Pomeroy, Rogers, Ross, Rousseau, Sitgreaves, Ste-
vens, Stokes, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor,
Thayer. John L. Thomas, Thornton, Robert T. Van
Horn, Hamilton Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom,
Woodbridge and Wright—58.
So the House refused to adjourn^.
The question recurred on the motion, to lay
the bill on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that when the
House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Thurs-
day next.
Mr. HILLs The House having once refused
to-day to adjourn to meet on Thursday next, I
inquire if it is again in order to make it.
The SPEAKER. It is in order, having been
renewed at a subsequent stage after the vote
has been taken on a motion to adjourn.
Mr. RADFORD. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. PAINE. I call for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Plants and Htxter.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes thirty-one; noes not counted.
So (one fifth of the members present having
voted in the affirmative) the yeas and nays
were ordered.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask to bo excused from
voting.
Mr. RADFORD. I demand the jeas and
nays on excusing the gentleman.
The SPEAKER. The question cannot be
taken by yeas and nays to excuse a member
from voting on a motion to adjourn.
Mr. FINCK. I move that the House now
take a recess till ten o'clock to-morrow morn-
ing.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that, because a motion to adjourn till a
day fixed has priority.
Mr. ANCONA. I move a call of theHouse,
and on that I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. ROGERS. Upon that motion I ask to
be excused from voting ; and upon that I call
for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain the motion ofthegentlaman ; otherwise, as
members will see, during the pending of a mo-
tion to adjourn, or of any question growing
out of it, a hundred members might ask to be
excused from voting, and the yeas and nays
might be ordered in each case, and so piled up
that the House could not adjourn even if a
majority should wish to do so. Therefore the
Chair cannot entertain the motion of the gen-
tleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Rogers.]
Mr. WILSON\ of Iowa. 1 desire to say to
the House that if there can be a general un-
derstanding by which a vote can be had upon
this bill after the reading of the Journal to-
morrow, or say at the end of the morning
hour, I think a motion to adjourn would be
consented to by this side of the House.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. With
one hour allowed for debate.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will restate my
proposition in the original form in which I
proposed it. It is that if we can have a general
understanding that the House will come to a
vote upon this bill to-morrow immediately after
the reading of the Journal, I will move to ad-
journ.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The vote to-morrow to
be taken without any debate whatever?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. No debate would
be in order, for the previous question is now
pending.
The SPEAKER. That would require unan-
imous consent.
Mr. FINCK. I object.
The question was upon the motion for a call
of the House, upon which the yeas and nays
had been demanded.
Mr. GRINNELL. I call for tellers upon
ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and' Messrs. Grisnell
and IvEr.ii were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes twenty-seven; noes not
counted.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of the last
vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BOYER. Is a motion to adjourn now
in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not, because the
pending motion to fix the hour to which the
House will adjourn takes precedence of the
motion" to adjourn.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 19, nays 109, not voting
63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Bidwell, Boyer,
Campbell, Dawson, Eldridge, Finck, Glossbrenner,
Aaron Harding, Hise, Hunter, Kerr, Shanklin, Stil-
well, Trimble, Andrew H. Ward, Warner, and YVin-
field-19.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
lev, Baker, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Ben-
jamin, Bingham, Boutwell, Brandegee, Bromwell,
Broomall, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook,
Cooper, Cullom, Deming, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot, Farquhar, Good-
year, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Abner C. Hard-
ing, Hart, Hawkins, Hayes, Higby, Hill, Hogan,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Chester D.Hubbard, Demas Hub-
bard, John H. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James
R. Hubbell, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian,
Kasson, Kelley, Kelso, Koontz, Kuykendall, Laflin,
George V. Lawrence, Le Blond, Loan, Longyear,
Lynch, Marston, Maynard, MeClurg, Mclndoe, Mc-
Ruer, Mereur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris,
Moulton, Myers, Newell, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pilte, Plants, Price,
Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice,
John II. Rice, Ritter, Rollins, Sawyer. Schenck, Sco-
field, Shcllabarger, Spalding, Starr, Strouse, Taber,
Nelson Taylor, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Henry D. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Williams,
James F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—109.
NOT V OTIN G—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Arnell, J ames
M. Ashley, Baldwin, Blaine, Blow, Buekland, Bundy,
Chanler, Sidney Clarke.Culver, Darling,Davis,Dawes,
Defrees. Delano. Denison, Dumont. Farnsworth,
Ferry, Garfield. Harris, Henderson, Holmes, Asahel
W. Hubbard. Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Ketcham,
Latham, William Lawrence, Leftwich, Marshall,
Marvin, McCullough. McKee. Patterson, Phelps,
Pomeroy, Radford, William II. Hand ail, Rogers,
Ross, Rousseau, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Ste-
vens, Stokes, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thayer, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trowbridge,
RobertT. Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Ehhu B. ash-
burne, William B. Washburn, Whaley, Stephen i.
Wilson, Wmdom, and Wright—63.
So a call of the House was not ordered.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, said: I de-
sire to state that Mr. Hexdeusox is so unwell
as to be unable to leave his room.
Mr. FINCK. I wish now to submit a propo-
sition to the House. We on this side of the
House appreciate very fully that we are unable
to resist the final passage of this bill; and we
have not sought during the day to interrupt the
proper business of legislation, except for the
purpose of obtaining an opportunity to be
heard upon the bill: and we now say to the gen-
tlemen who have the charge of the bill that if
