1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
142S
banks using their reserve by issuing bonds pay-
able on demand instead of United States notes.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I will modify my amend-
ment by limiting the amount to $100,000,000,
and providing that the notes so issued shall
bear no interest.
Mr. LYNCH. As that is exactly my own
proposition of course I shall not object to it.
message i'rom the president.
A message in writing from the President
of the United States was communicated to the
House, by Colonel William G- Moore, his
Secretary.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the
following title; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 607) to amend an act
granting the right of way over the military
reserve at Fort Gratiot, Michigan.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
insisted on its amendments to the bill of the
House No. 598, to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
and asked a committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon;
and had appointed Mr. Poland, Mr. Morgan,
and Mr. McDougall as the conferees on the
part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted upon its amendments to the bill
of the House No. 811, for the relief of certain
drafted men, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agreed to the conference
asked by the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon; and had appointed
Mr. Wilson, Mr. Cowan, and Mr. Nesmith
the conferees on the part of the Senate.
compound-interest notes again.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield five minutes to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Davis.]
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, the business men
all along our eastern coast and in the great
cities of the West are looking with intense
inxiety to the action of Congress in relation to
the financial affairs of the country. And the
apprehension is broad-spread that we will do
something during this session toward a further
expansion of the currency. 1 hope that we
will show that such an anticipation is not well
founded.
If I am right in my judgment of the propo-
sition before the House, the Committee of Ways
and Means do not propose to expand the cur-
rency, but they propose rather a moderate and
reasonable contraction. I think their plan of
allowing interest-bearing certificates of indebt-
edness to be substituted for these compound-
interest notes is only an act of justict! toward
the banking institutions from whose reserves
they will be taken. It has been stated here
that we shall be giving a great gratuity to the
banks by allowing them to keep on hand these
interest-bearing certificates instead of these
compound-interest notes. Now, I say itwould
be unjust to do otherwise. This Government
received a full consideration for these com-
pound-interest notes when they were issued.
And are these institutions to receive nothing
by way of interest upon the capital which they
advanced to the Government at the time of its
sorest need?
We are in this matter but following the ex-
ample set by many of the States. In the State
of New York, years ago, a banking system
was established by which the banks o-f the State
were permitted to lock up the stocks of the
State as security for their issues. And the
banks received interest upon every dollar of
that stock from the State. And so it has been
in other States. I believe the principle is a
correct one, and that we ought to apply it here.
And by the issue of these three per cent, cer-
tificates we will satisfy the just expectations of
the country, and not injure its interests.
Mr. HOOPER. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] for five
minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, several gen-
tlemen seem to missapprehend my proposition,
and I desire to explain it.
There is at present outstanding a certain
amount of six per cent, compound-interest
notes. One hundred million dollars of these
will in a short time fall due ; and I propose to
substitute for them as they mature greenbacks
bearing no interest. The proposition of the
Committee of Ways and Means is to issue
in lieu of the compound-interest notes certifi-
cates bearing interest not exceeding three and
sixty-five hundreths per cent. Now, why
should we not redeem these compound-interest
notes with legal tenders? Why should we pay
an interest of three and sixty-five hundredths
per cent, when we can as well pay legal tenders
bearing no interest?
Gentlemen talk about "inflating the cur-
rency." How shall we "inflate the currency"
by redeeming these compound-interest notes
with greenbacks? We simply pay dollar for
dollar. I cannot understand why gentlemen
should call this " inflating the currency." By
the adoption of the proposition which I sub-
mit, the Government will save $6,000,000 a
year, which it now annually pays in the form
of interest.
I admit that if we exchange these com-
pound-interest notes for certificates bearing
three and sixty-five hundredths per cent, inter-
est it will be a good thing for the banks. I have
no animosity against those institutions) hut
we are legislating here for the good of the
country and for the interests of the national
Treasury. My proposition if adopted will
save over that of the committee the yearly
interest on $100,000,000 at three and sixty-
five hundreths per cent.; while it will save
$6,000,000 now annually paid in the shape of
interest. It appears to me that I could not
make this plainer if I were to talk a thousand
years; so 1 will sit down.
Mr. DODGE. I wish to put a single ques-
tion to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens.] The banks are holding
$90,000,000 of these compound-interest notes.
There are in circulation $140,000,000.^ There
are §50,000,000 unaccounted for. If $140,-
000,000 of greenbacks are now issued, the
banks will receive $90,000,000, while $50,-
000,000 will go to redeem the compound-inter-
est notes held by individuals. Thus you will
have added $50,000,000 to the greenback cir-
culation.
Mr. STEVENS. I restrict the amount to
be issued to $100,000,000.
Mr. DODGE. Still the proportion will be
the same. Now, the gentleman will remem-
ber, I am sure, how this country was agitated
years ago when it was proposed to withdraw
the 
Mr. STEVENS. I merely wish to say to
the gentleman that it is impossible for any
arithmetic to make one dollar count more than
one. We redeem an interest-bearing debt and
its accrued interest by paying dollar for dollar.
Certainly this does not increase the amount of
the circulatfon ; but it diminishes the burdens
of the nation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Inowyield
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding.]
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, I suppose
that we all know enough of the sense of this
House to know that one of the other of these
two propositions will be adopted. It is con-
ceded that for the $100,000,000 of compound-
interest notes which are to be paid off during
the ensuing twelve months we shall put in the
vacancy either certificates bearing three and
sixty-five hundredths per cent, interest or
Treasury notes, commonly called greenbacks.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it seems to me to be
a specious argument to say: "We had better
redeem these compound-interest notes with
greenbacks, because these bear no interest. If
you redeem these notes with certificates bear-
ing interest at the rate of three and sixty-five
hundredths par cent, it is so much money
needlessly taken from the Treasury." Sir,
there is another consideration. We do not
wish, we all say, to expand the currency;
neither do we wish to contract the currency to
the injuring of business men. Will these three
per cent, certificates enter into the currency ?
Can they do so ? If the banks hold them, can
they issue them as a circulating medium to
pass in the community from hand to hand?
No sir. But if we pay over to the banks
$100,000,000 of Treasury notes, then, when
they find themselves, as they often do, short
of currcncy, out will go these greenbacks, and
the currency will be to that extent expanded.
It may be in violation of the law, but the
temptation will be so great the law will be vio-
lated, and in spite of us the currency will be
thus extended. That is the objection in my
mind.
Mr. PRICE. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. SPALDING. Icannot; the gentleman
lias had his time, and I have only five minutes.
That is the objection in my mind. I think it
better for the Government to pay three per
cent, interest on these certificates and let the
banks hold them in lieu of Treasury notes, than
to issue Treasury notes to the same extent,
which may enter into circulation and thus ex-
pand it to the injury of the credit of the coun-
try and the increase of the present enormous
high price of living. That is my objection.
I will vote first for the proposition as it
comes from the committee, for I think it is
best for the country; and then, if that fails, I
will take the $100,000,000 in " greenbacks."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
now yield five minutes to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall.]
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, I desire to state in the short time
allotted to me the reason why I shall support
the proposition of my colleague, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] and it is this : at that point I consider
$100,000,000 of issue is neither a contraction
nor an expansion of the currency.^ The banks
of the country hold $90,000,000 in reserve of
these compound-interest notes, and this pro-
vides for the issue of $100,000,000 of legal-
tender notes to take their place. Now, these
legal-tender notes do not go into circulation,
but go into the reserve funds to supply the
place of the compound-interest notes, which
the banks are now holding, I think, without
authority of law. This is a plain businessmat-
ter,' and there are not ten individuals on this
floor, if it were a business transaction of their
own, who would not be in favor of following
the plan as suggested by my colleague.
I hope that amendment will be adopted, and
I shall vote for it, because it is at the point
where the Senate now stands, leaving the con-
traction of the currcncy, as it is under existing
law, at $4,000,000 per month. I vote for it as
an economical transaction on the part of the
Government, for, mark you, if the proposition
of the committee is adopted it will cost the
Government next year $5,000,000, which the
Government is in no manner called upon to pay,
and which I think the House should, by the
adoption of the amendment of my colleague,
save to the tax-payers of the country. 1 am
opposed to giving this gratuity to stock-hold-
ers of banks, to the pecuniary loss of the peo-
ple. As one Representative of the people 1
am unwilling to do any such thing. _
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I tlunk
the debate on this bill has gone far enough,
and I propose to close it witli the remark that
the certificates as proposed by the committee
would be held by the banks in the place ot
compound-interest notes, and would not i°r1^
part of die circulation; whereas the hundred
millions of '''greenbacks" would be so much
expansion of the currency,
saved, as gentlemen say
There would be
about three million
