54
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 26
Senate & Ho. of Keps.
Report of the Postmaster General.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
the post offices and mail service of the New
England States, are in the hands of the en-
graver, and will be ready for distribution and
sale early this winter.
The amount of fines imposed and deductions
made from the pay of contractors for failures
and other delinquencies during the year was
$62,956 48, and the amount remitted for the
same period was $6,654 39, leaving the net
amount of fines and deductions $56,302 09.
A table is annexed showing the number,
description, and cost of mail bags, locks, and
keys purchased during the year; the amount
expended for mail bags of all kinds being
$63,627 50. This, compared with the expend-
itureoftheprecedingyear, ($91,715 86,) shows
a curtailment of $38,088 36.
FOREIGN MAIL SERVICE.
The aggregate amount of postage, sea, in-
land, and foreign, upon the correspondence
exchanged with foreign countries, was
$2,289,219 30, beinganincreaseof$469,290 70,
as compared with the previous year. Of this
amount $1,840,800 92 accrued upon the mails
exchanged with Great Britain, France, Prussia,
Bremen, Hamburg, and Belgium; $328,341 33
on mails exchanged with the British North
American Provinces, and $120,077 75 on the
correspondence transmitted to and from the
West Indies, Mexico, Central and South
America.
The transatlantic mail steamship lines em-
ployed in the service of foreign Governments
conveyed mails, the postages on which amounted
to $975,109 23; and those employed in the
• service of this Department conveyed mails, the
postages on which amounted to $865,691 69.
The United States portion of the postages
upon the correspondence exchanged with Great
Britain and the continent of Europe amounted
to $775,647 59; with the British North Ameri-
can Provinces, $188,883 53; with the West
Indies, Mexico, Central and South America,
$120;077 05.
The number of letters exchanged in the mails
with foreign countries was 9,430,546 ; of which
4,886,916 were sent from and 4,543,630 re-
ceived in the United States. Of this number
8,564,847 were exchanged with European coun-
tries, an increase of 1,851,330 over the num-
ber exchanged in 1865.
The number of newspapers sent to foreign
countries was 2,804,442, and the number re-
ceived from foreign countries 1,381,724, mak-
ing a total of 4,186,166. Of this number
3,828,135 were exchanged with Europe, being
an increase of 29,157 on the number in 1865.
The increased correspondence with foreign
countries, particularly with the continent of
Europe, during the year, is unprecedented,
amounting to more than twftnty-five per cent,
as compared with the previous year.
The cost of transatlantic mail service per-
formed by steamships employed by this Depart-
ment, under the provisions of the existing law,
which allows the sea and inland postage to
American and the sea postage only to foreign
steamers, was $525,307 46.
The cost of ocean transportation of mails to
and from the West Indies, by steamers receiv-
ing different rates of compensation within the
limit of the postages, was $57,871 69, being
$20,742 32 less than the amount of United
States postages upon the mails conveyed.
The amount paid for sea and isthmus trans-
portal ion of the mails exchanged with Cen-
tral and South America, via Panama, was
$17,377 45. '
The excess of postage collected in the United
States upon the correspondence exchanged
with Great Britain and the continent of Europe
was $500,627 76; causing balances against the
United States on settlement of the international
.postage accounts, amounting in the aggregate
to-$278,714 19.
A liberal postal convention has been con-
cluded with the kingdom of Italy, which adopts
the leading reforms in international postal
intercourse recommended by the postal con-
ference held at Paris in May, 1863. It was
neg<jfciated and signed at Turin on the 8th of
July, 1863, and the ratifications thereof were
formally exchanged at Florence on the 14th of
June, 1866. This convention, a copy of which
is annexed, will be carried into execution as
soon as notice is received from the Post Depart-
ment of Italy of the route or routes of transit
by which the exchange of correspondence in
closed bags can be effected.
Notice was given by the British Government,
under date of July 25, 1866, of its purpose to
terminate the existing postal convention be-
tween this country and the United Kingdom on
the 1st of January, 1868, simultaneously with
the expiration of the mail-subsidy contract
with the Cunard line; accompanied with an
assurance of the desire of that Government to
conclude a new convention on a more liberal
basis, reducing the present rates of interna-
tional postage and granting enlarged mail facili-
ties. The necessary steps were at once taken
to accomplish that object, and I have the satis-
faction of announcing that a preliminary basis
for a new postal convention has been agreed
upon by the two Post Departments, reducing
the international charge on a single letter
from twenty-four to twelve cents; admitting
into the mails printed matter of every kind,
and patterns of merchandise, at such rates as
the dispatching country shall establish ; and
granting to each country, reciprocally, the
right to transmit correspondence in closed
bags, or in the ordinary mails, through the
other, at the same rates of charge paid by the
inhabitants of the country through which the
correspondence is forwarded.
The principal advantages of the new arrange-
ment may be briefly stated as follows :
1. A reduction of the international letter
postage to one half of the existing charge.
2. The removal of all tcstrictions upon the
exchange of printed matter in the mails at
reduced postage charges.
3. The compulsory prepayment of postage
upon letters and other mail matter, avoiding
entirely the keeping of complicated postage
accounts upon international correspondence.
4. A reduction of postage with all other
countries to and from which correspondence
is transmitted in the British mail, or in closed
bags through the United Kingdom.
5. The establishment of uniform and reason-
able charges for the sea and territorial transit
of correspondence in closed mails; and granting
to each Post Department the right to make use of
all mail communications established under the
authority of the other, for the dispatch of cor-
respondence, either in open or closed mails,
on the same terms as those applicable to the
inhabitants of the country providing the means
of transmission.
6. The postage of all international letters to
belong wholly to the dispatching country, and
no charge whatever to be made by the receiv-
ing country on delivery.
7. Each Post Department to make its own
arrangements for the dispatch of mails to the
other, by well-appointed ships, sailing on stated
days, and to pay the owners of such ships for
the conveyance of the mails which it dis-
patches.
No time has yet been agreed upon for car-
rying the new convention into operation, but
it is confidently expected that the British Office
will consent to name as early a date as practi-
cable, that the public may receive, without
unnecessary delay, the benefit of the reduced
rates of postage, as well as of more frequent
means of mail communication between the two
countries.
The postal convention with Venezuela re-
ferred to in the last report was executed on
the part of Venezuela on the 26th of June,
and went into operation on the 1st of October
last.
Negotiations have been commenced with the
Post Department of Brazil, for a postal con-
vention to regulate the exchange of correspond-
ence with that empire, by means of the direct
line of subsidized mail packets plying between
New York and Rio de Janeiro, via St. Thomas,
Para, Pernambuco, and Baliia. The draft of
articles submitted by this Department as the
basis of the convention proposes the establish-
ment of low rates of postage both upon letters
and printed matter, the avoidance as far as
practicable of postage accounts between the
respective Post Departments, and adopts the
leading improvements recommended by the
Paris international postal conference. A copy
of the contract for the mail service to Brazil,
which was executed by the United States and
Brazil Mail Steamship Company on the 29th
of August, 1865, is annexed hereto.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company, of
New York, to which was awarded the contract
for the China mail service, authorized by the
act of February 17, 1865, has executed a con-
tract for that service, a copy of which is an-
nexed. The high reputation of this company,
their experience and undoubted resources, and
the zeal and energy which they have manifested
in making preparations for the service, afford
a guarantee of the success of this great national
enterprise to extend and develop American
commerce, by obtaining control of the vast
and constantly increasing trade of Japan, which
the advantages of our geographical position
should enable us to possess.
The contract is for monthly trips between
San Francisco and Hong Kong, touching at
the ports of Honolulu in tne Sandwich Islands,
and Yokohama (Kanagawa) in Japan, both on
the outward and inward passages, by a line
of first-clas3 American sea-going .side-wheel
steamships of not less than three thousand
five hundred tons burden, Government meas-
urement, and of sufficient number, not less
than four, to perform the stipulated service.
The Great Republic, the first of the new
steamships building specially for this service,
was launched at New York on the 8th of No-
vember instant, is now receiving her machin-
ery, and is expected to be ready for sea about
the 1st of May, 1867. She will register over
4,100 tons, Government measurement, or 1,100
tons more than the minimum tonnage named
in the law; her extreme length is 380 feet,
extreme breadth 50 feet, depth of hold 50 feet,
and her draught when ordinarily loaded will
be 21 feet. The second steamship, of similar
size and proportions, is to be launched early
in December of this year, and will be prepared
for service about the 1st of July,- 1867; and
the machinery for two others of like dimen-
sions is in course of construction. An inspec-
tion of the hulls and machinery of these ships,
as well as a general knowledge of the prepara-
tions making by the contractors, has satisfied
me that every possible exertion is being used
to fulfill the requirements of the law and con-
tract.
The company have tendered their first-class
steamship Colorado to take the mails from San
Francisco on the 1st of January, 1867, the day
named in the law. This ship, which has been
withdrawn from the Panama and San Francisco
line to_ prepare her for service on the China
route, is of the required tonnage, and will, it
is believed, fully comply in other respects with
the terms of the law and contract, although the
report of her inspection by a naval constructor,
under instructions lately given by the Secretary
of the Navy, has not yet been received.
In the building of steamships for this line
the contractors encountered a practical diffi-
culty, arising out of two conflicting conditions ;
first, the necessity of constructing ships that
could make the long voyage of 7,087 miles be-
tween San Francisco and Hong Kong, by the
route named in the law, with safety and suc-
cess, as regards the main object for which
Congress authorized the establishment of the
