660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22
i
R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Bidwell,
Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Bundy, Chanler, Sidney
Clarke, Cullom, Culver, Darling, Davis, Daw^s, Daw-
son, Defrees, Deming, Denison, Dumont, Farns-
worth, Garfield, Griswold, Aaron Harding, Harris,
Hart, Henderson, Ilill, Hise, Holmes, Hooper, Hotch-
kiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, James li. Hu¥bell, Hul-
buru, Humphrey, Hunter, Johnson, Jones, Latham,
William Lawrence, Leftwieh, Marshall, Marvin, Mc-
Cuilough, McKee, Orth, Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, John
H. Rioc, Ross, Rousseau, SStgreayes, Sloan, Stevens,
Stilwcll, Stokes, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thayer, John
L.Thomas, Thornto.©, .Trowbridge, Robert T. Van
Horn, Andrew H. "Ward, Hamilton Ward, Elihu B.
Washburne, William B. Washburn, Well:er, Went-
wortli, Whaley, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and
Wright—77. -
So the appeal was laid upon the table.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask to be excused from
voting on the pending question j and demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANCONA moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved that when the
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Friday next, and demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. BENJAMIN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Benjamin and
Mr. Nicholson were appointed.
The House divided > and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-six.
So (more than one fifth of those present hav-
ing voted in the affirmative) the yeas and nays
were ordered.
Mr. FINCK moved to strikeout "Friday"
and insert "Thursday," and demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FINCK. I move there be a call of the
House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Rollins
in the chair.) It is not in order.
Mr. FINCK. I appeal.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
cannot entertain the appeal.
The question was taken; and it-was decided
in the negative—yeas 3? nays 93, not voting 95;
as follows:
YEAvS—Messrs. Bergen, Boyer, and Niblaek—3.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Delos R. Ashley,
Baker, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Bingham,
Boutwell, Brandegee, Bromwell, Broomall, Buck-
land, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cul-
lom, Delano, Deming, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eclsloy, Egsleston, Farquhar, Ferry, Gloss-
brenner, Grmnell, Griswold, Hale, Abner C. Hard-
ing, Hawkins, Henderson, Higby, Hotchkiss, Chester
D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Ivelley, Kelso,
Ketcham, Kuykendall, Laflin, George V. Lawrence,
Longyear, Lynch, Marston, McClurg, Mclndoe, Mc-
Iluer, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris,
Moulton, Myers, Newell, Nicholson, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Patterson, Perham, Plants, Price. William H'.
Randall, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Ritter,
Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shellabarger,
Spalding, Starr, Francis Thomas, Upson, Burt Van
Horn, Warner, Henry D. Washburn, Weiker, James
F. Wilson, and StephenF. Wilson—02. .'
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Beaman, Bid-
well, Blaine, Blow, Bundy, Campbell, Chanler, Sidney
Clarke, Cooper, Culver, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Daw-
son, Defrees, Denison, Dumont, Eldridge, Eliot,
Farnsworth. Finck, Garfield, Goodyear, Aaron Hard-
ing, Hart, Hayes. Hill, Hise, Hogan, Holmes, Hooper,
Asahel W.Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James R.
Hubbell, Humphrey, Hunter, Johnson, Jones, Kas-
son, Kerr, Koontz, Latham, William Lawrenee, Le
Blond. Leftwieh, Loan, Marshall, Marvin, Maynard,
McCuilough, McKee, No.ell, Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy,
Radford, Samnel J. Randall, Raymond, Rogers, Ross,
Rousseau, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Stevens, Stil-
well. Stokes, Strouse, Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Nelson Taylor. Thayer, John L. Thomas, Thornton,
Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van
Horn, Andrew H.Ward, Hamilton Ward, Elihu B.
Washburne, William B. Washburn, Wentworth,
Whaley, Williams, Windom, "Wmfield, Woodbridge,
and Wright—96.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BE ftG-EN. I move a call of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not in
order during the pending of a motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will not entertain such an appeal pending the
question on the motion to adjourn, otherwise
the House might remain in session against the
will of the majority.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. The mo-
tion to adjourn having been voted down, and
there appearing to be no quorum present, at
what other time would a call of the House be
proper if not now?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion
that has been just voted down was to adjourn
till Thursday next; the pending motion is
simply to adjourn, and no call of the House can
now be entertained.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, Does the Chair decide
that a call of the House is not in order on the
motion to adjourn to a day certain?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
decides that a call of the House is not in order
during the pendency of a motion to adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the Chair decide
that the House can fix a day to which it will
adjourn ether than to-morrow without a quo-
rum?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Less than a
quorum can adjourn simply ; it requires a quo-
rum to adjourn till some other day. The mo-
tion pending is to adjourn, on which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn-, it was decided in the negative—yeas
8, nays 73, not voting 110; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Farnsworth, Hale, Hogan, McRuer,
Miller, Niblaek, Nicholson, and Taber—8.
NA"i S—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, DelosR. Ashley,
Baker, "Ranks, Baxter, Benjamin, Brandegee, Broom-
all, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cullom
Detainer, Dixon, Dodge, Donneliy, Eggleston, Eliot,
Farauhar, Ferry, GrinneH, Griswold, AbnerC.Hard-
ing. Hawkins, Higby, Hill, Hotchkiss, Chester D.
Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hul-
burd, Jenckes, Julian, Kelley,Kelso, Ketcham, Laf-
hn, George V. Lawrence, Longyear, Lynch, McClurg,
Mclndoe, Mercur, Mooi head, Morrill, Moulton, My-
ers, Newell, O'Neill,Orth, Paine,Patterson,Perham,
Plants, Price, William II. Randall, Raymond, Al-
exander II. Rice. John H. Rice, Rollms, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scofield, Spalding, Starr, Upson, Van Aer-
nam, Burt Van Horn, Henry D. Washburn, Weiker,
and James F. Wilson—-73.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Aneona, Ar-
nell, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Barker, Beaman,
Bergen, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Boutwell,
Boyer, Bromwell, Buc-kland, Bundy, Campbell, Chan-
ler, Sidney Clarke, C\>oper, Culver, Darling, Davis,
Dawes, Dawson, DciYees, Delano, Denison, Driggs,
Dumont, Eckley, Eldiidge, Fmok, Garfield, Gloss-
brenner, Goodyear, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hart,
Hayes, Henderson, Hise, Holmes, Hooper, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Edwin N. Hub bell, Ja m esR.Hub bell, llum-
Sbrey, Hunter, Inger&oll, Johnson, Jones, Kasson,
ierr, Koontz, Kuykendall, Latham, William Law-
renee, Lc Blond, Lettwich, Loan, Marshall, Marston,
Marvin, Maynard, McCuilough, McKee, Morris, No-
ell, Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Radford, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, Ritter, Rogers, Ross. Rousseau, Shanklin,
Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Stevens, Stilwcll,
Stokes, Strouse, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thorn-
ton, Trimble, Trowbridge, Robert T. Van Horn, An-
drew H. Ward, Hamilton Ward, Warner, Elihu B.
Washburne, William B. Washburn, Wentworth,
Whaley, Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom,
Winficld, Woodbridge, and Wright—110,
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, (at ten
o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.,) moved a
call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was accordingly called, and the
following members failed to answer to their
names: *
Messrs. Anderson, James M. Ashley, < Baldwin,
Blaine, Bromwell, Bundy, Chanler, Davis, Dawes,
Defrees, Dumont, Garfield, Aaron Harding, Hart,
Holmes, Hooper, Edwin N. Hubbell, James R. Hub-
bell, Kasson, Latham, George V. Lawrence, Left-
wieh, Loan, Marshall, Marvin, Maynard, McCui-
lough, McKee, Moorhead, Phelps, Pomeroy, Ross,
Rousseau, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Stilwcll, Stokes, Na-
thaniel G. Taylor, John L. Thomas, Thornton,
Andrew H. Ward, Hamilton Ward, William B.
Washburn, Wentworth, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood-
bridge, and Wright.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a privileged motion:
that the House do now adjourn.
■ The question being put, there were—ayes
23, noes 52.
Mr. ANCONA demanded tellers.
Mr. BROOMALL. I desire .to submit a
proposition that I think ought to meet the
approbation of the House.
Several Members, No compromise.
Mr. BROOMALL. Hear my proposition.
Certain gentlemen on the other side desire to
be heard on the pending bill, and it seems to
me but fair that they should have an opportu-
nity. I therefore propose that the vote be
taken at onee upon fthe bill, and that those
gentlemen be allowed to print their remarks !
in the National Intelligencer at their own ex-
pense. [Great laughter.}
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is as much as yon
could expect from that gentleman.
Mr. BROOMALL. Is the proposition
accepted?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Oh, of course it is
accepted. [Laughter.] ' - •
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ketcham
and Ancoxa were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 20, noes 60.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The doors of the Hall were then closed, and
the Clerk proceeded to call the list of the
absentees for excuses:
George W. Anderson. No excuse offered.
James M. Ashley. No excuse offered.
John D. Baldwin. No excuse offered.
James G. Blaine. No excuse offered.
Henry P. H. Bromwell. -No excuse of-
fered.
Hezekiah S. Bundy. No excuse offered.
John W. Chanler. No excuse offered.
TnoMAS T. Davis. No excuse offered.
Henry L. Dawes. No excuse offered.
Ebenezer Dumont.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. General
Dumont is sick and unable to be present. I
move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
James A. Garfield.
Mr. GRINNELL. I present the same ex-
cuse on behalf of G^peral Garfield that was
presented before by General Schenck, his
family difficulties. I move that he be excused,
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not think General
Garfield is very sick. He has certainly had
time to get well, and to say that he has diffi-
culties in his.family is an imputation which
the gentleman from Iowa ought to withdraw.
[Laughter.]
The question was taken on Mr. Qrinnfjj,' s
motion, and it was sustained.
Aaron Harding.
Mr. RITTER. My colleague, Mr. Harding,
being quite unwell, retired to his lodging a
few moments ago, and I hope the House will
excuse him. I move that he be excused.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
63, noes 30.
Mr. FINCK. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. LE BLOND. I call for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Grinnei-l
and Boyer were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-,
ported—ayes 26, noes 2.
So (one fifth of those present voting in the
affirmative) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 10, not voting
94; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Delos R. Ashley,
Baker, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin,
Bingham, Boutwell, Boyer, Ruckland, Campbell,
Cobb, Cook. Cooper, Cullom, Dawson, Delano, Dixon,
Dodge, Donnelly,Driggs, Eckley,Eggleston, Eldridge,
Eliot, Ferry, Glosdbrenner, Grinnell,Hawkins, Hayes,
Higby, Hill, llogan, Chester D. Hubbard, John
H.Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Ketcham,
Koontz, Laflin, Longyear, Lyneh^ MeClurg, Mcln-
doe, MeRuer, Mercur, Miller, Morrill, Morris, Moul-
ton, Newell, Niblaek, Nicholson, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Plants, Price, Sam-
uel J. Randall, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, Ritter,
Rollins, Schenck, Shellabarger. Starr, Strouse, rabpr,
Nelson Taylor, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Warner, Henry D. Washburn,
Weiker, Whaley, Williams, and James F.Wilson—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Bergen, Finck, Goodyear, Hun-
ter, Le Blond, Noell, Rogers, Sawyer, Shanklin, and
Trimble—10.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Bidwell, Blaine,
Blow,Brandegee,Bromwell,Bioomall, Bundy, Chan-
ler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, (Jonkhng, Cul-
ver, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Dcirees, Deming, Deni-
son, Dumont, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Garfield, Gris-
wold, Hale, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Harding,
Harris, Hart, Henderson, Hise, Holmes, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard,
Edwin N. Hubbell, James R. Hubbell, Ilulbutrd.
Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Ka«son, Kelley, Kelso
Kerr, Kuykendall, Latham, George V. Lawrenee
William Lawrence, Leftwieh, Loan, Marshall, Mar-
ston, Marvin, Maynard, McCuilough, McKee, Moor
head, Myers, Phelps, Pomeroy, Radford, William H,
Randall, John Ijf. Rice, Rose, Rousseau, Scofield
