1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
661
Sitgreaves, Sloan, Spalding, Stevens, Stilwell, Stokes,
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John
L. Thomas, Thornton, Robert T. Van Horn, Andrew
H. Ward, Hamilton Ward, Elihu B. Washburne,
William B. Washburn, Wentworth, Stephen F. Wil-
son, Windom, Winliffld, Woodbridge, and Wright—94.
So Mr. Harding, of Kentucky, was excused
from farther attendance during to-day's ses-
sion.
Mr. SPALDING, I move that further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. ANCONA. X call, for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Mr. NOELL (at eleven o'clock and fifty
five minutes p. m.) moved that the House
adjourn.*
The question was taken; and upon a division,
there were—ayes 32, noes 58.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Spalding, that further proceedings under
the call bo dispensed with.
Mr. SPALDING. I withdraw that motion.
The Clerk' resumed the call of the list of
absentees for excuses.
Roswell Haet. No excuse offered.
Sidney- T. Holmes. No excuse offered.
Samuel Hooper.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Hooper, of Mas-
sachusetts, is a member of the Committee of
Ways and Means, which committee has leave
to sit during the sessions of the House. He
left the House a short time ago, saying that
as a sub-committee he had to prepare a mat-
ter for the committee by the time it meets to-
morrow. I therefore move that he be ex-
reused.
The motion was not agreed to.
Edwin N. Hubbell. No excuse offered.
James E. Hubbell. No excuse offered.
John" A. Kasson. No excuse offered.
George R. Latham. No excuse offered.
George V. Lawrence. No excuse offered.
John W. Leftwich.
Mr. COOPER. My colleague, Mr. Left-
wich, is in very feeble health, and has been
for some weeks past.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. He is perfectly well, I
know. [Laughter.] He has been here a long
time to-day.
Mr. COOPER. I move that my colleague,
Mr. Leftwich, be excused.
Mr. ROGERS. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. GRINNELL. I call for tellers on
ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Rogers
and Price were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-three; noes not counted.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of the last
vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRINNELL. I ask leave to make a
statement. I understand there will be no obj ec-
tion to taking a vote to-morrow without any
dilatory motions. Therefore I move that the
House now adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. W e have
made no such proposition.
Mr. FINCK. There is no such under-
standing.
Mr. GRINNELL. Then I withdraw my
motion to adjourn.
' Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to make a
motion. It is now after midnight 
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Rollins
in the chair.) Debate is not in order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am satisfied we will
reach a .vote sooner 4>y an adjournment till
to-morrow.
Mr. SCHENCK. How does the gentleman
know that? We have no assurance to that
effect from the other side.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not want any more
assurance than I have.
Mr. UPSON. You have enough already.
[Laughter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I make the motion that
the House adjourn.
Mr. ANCONA. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ancona
and Trowbridge were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 46, noes 51.
So the Hduse refused to adjourn.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to ask
unanimous consent to be excused from further
attendance on the session of the House to-night.
I have been unwell all day. I received an in-
jury this morning from a fall, and it has been
with the utmost inconvenience that I have
remained here.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there be
no objection, the gentleman from Iowa will be
excused.
There was no objection.
Mr. SPALDING. I also ask unanimous
consent to be excused from further attendance
to-night.
Several Members objected.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Cooper, that Mr. Leftwich be excused; on
which the yeas and nays had been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 10, not voting
103; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Delos R. Ashley,
Baker, Banks, Baxter,Beaman, Benjamin, Boutwell,
Boyer, Buckland, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Conk-
ling, Cook, Cooper, Cullom, Dixon. Donnelly, Driggs,
Eckley, Eliot, J?erry, Grinnell, Abner C. Harding,
Hawkins, Hayes, Higby, Hill, Hogan, Chester D.
Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John H, Hubbard, Hul-
burd, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Julian, Ketcham, Laflin,
Longyear, Lynch, McClurg, McIndoe,McRuer,Mer-
cur, Miller, Morris, Moulton, Newell, Nicholson,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham,Plants, Price, William
H. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Ritter, Sawyer, Stael-
labarger, Spalding-, Starr, Strouse, Taber, Nelson
Taylor, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam. Burt Van
Horn, Henry D. Washburn, Welker, and Whaley—172.
NAY S—Messrs. Barker, Bergen, Bidwell, Dawson,
Eldridge, Farquhar, Fiiick, Glossbrenner, Goodyear,
Koontz, Kuykendall, Le Blond, Niblack, Shanklin,
Trimble, and Warner—16.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Bingham, Blaine,
Blow, Brandegee.Bromwell, Broomall, Bundy, Camp-
bell, Chanler, Sidney Clark, Culver, Darling, Davis,
Dawes, Defrees, Delano, Demiag, Denison, Dodge,
Dumont, Eggleston, Farnsworth, Garfield, Griswold,
Hale, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hart, Henderson,
Hise, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss. Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James R. Hubbell, Hum-
phrey, Hnntrr, Johnson, Jones, Kasson, Kelley,
Kelso, Kerr, Latham, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Leftwich, Loan, Marshall, Marston, Mar-
vin, Maynard,McCullough, McKee, Moorhead, Mor-
rill, Myers, Noell, Patterson, Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy,
Radtord, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, John H.
Rice, Rogers, Rollins, Ross, Rousseau, Schenck,
Scofield, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Stevens, Stilwell, Stokes,
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John
L. Thomas, Thornton, Robert T. Van Horn, Andrew
H. Ward, Hamilton Ward, Elihu B. Washburne,
William B. Washburn, Wentworth, Williams, James
F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Winfield,
Woodbridge, and Wright—103.
So Mr. Leftwich was excused.
Mr._ BOUTWELL. Believing that by ad-
journing now we shall save the legislative day
to-morrow, T move that the House adjourn.
Mr. EGGLESTON. On that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 48, nays 55, not voting
88 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Allison, Ancona, Bergen, Bidwell,
Boutwell, Boyer, Campbell, Conkling, Cooper, Daw-
son, Dodge, Eckley, Eldridge, Finck, Glossbrcnner,
Goodyear, Hawkins. Hogan, John H. Hubbard, I-Iul-
burd, Humphrey, Hunter, Julian, Kerr, Ketcham,
Kuykendall, Laflin, Le Blond, Marston, McRuer,
Miller, Morrill, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Samuel
J. Randall, Alexander H. Rice,' Ritter, Rogers,
Shanklin, Spalding, Strouse, Taber, Nelson Taylor,
Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, and Whaley—4S.
NAYS—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Baker, Banks,
Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin. Buckland,
Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Delano, Don-
nelly, Driggs. Eggleston, Eliot. Fatquhar, Ferry,
Grinnell, Abner 0. Harding. Hayes, Higby, Hill,
Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard,
Kelso, Koontz, Lynch, McClurg, Mclndoe, Mercur,
Morris, Moulton, Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Per-
ham, Plants, Price, William II. Randall, Rollins,
Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shellabarger, Starr, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Warner, Henry D. Wash-
burn, \Velker, and Williams—55.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames. Anderson,
Arnell, James M. Ashley,Baldwin, Bingham. Blaine,
Blow, Biandegee.Bromwell, Broomall, Bundy, Chan-
ler, Sidney Clarke, Culver, Darling, Davis, Dawes,
Defrees. Deming, Denison, Dixon, Dumont, Farns-
worth, Garfield, Griswold. Hale, Harding, Harris,
Hart., Henderson, Hise, Holmes, Hooper, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James B>. Hubbell,'
Ingersoll, Jenekes, Johnson, Jones, Kasson, Kelly,
Latham, George V.'Lawrcnce, William Lawrence,
Leftwich, Loan, Longyear, Marshall, Marvin, May-
nard, McCullough, McKee, Moorhead, Myers, Pat-
terson, Phelps, Pilce, Pomeroy, Radford, Raymond,
John H. Rice, Ross, Rousseau, Sitgreaves, Sloan,
Stevens, Stilwell, Stokes, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thorn-
ton, Robert T. Van Horn, Andrew H. Ward, Ham-
ilton Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, William B.
Washburn. Wentworth, James F. Wilson, Ste-
phen F. Wilson, Windom, Winfield, Woodbridge,
and Wright—88.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk
will proceed to call the roll of absentees for
excuses.
Benjamin P. Loan. No excuse offered.
Samuel S. Marshall. No excuse offered.
James M. Marvin. No excuse offered.
Horace Maynard. No excuse offered.
Hiram McCullough. No excuse offered.
Samuel McKee. No excuse offered.
James K. Moorhead. No excuse offered.
Charles E. Phelps. No excuse offered.
Theodore M. Pomeroy. No excuse offered.
Lewis W. Ross. No excuse offered.
Lovell H. Rousseau. No excuse offered.
Charles Sitgreaves. No excuse offered.
Ithamar C. Sloan. No excuse offered.
Thaddeus Stevens.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that Mr. Stevens
be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Thomas N. Stilwell. No excuse offered.
William B. Stokes. No excuse offered.
Nathaniel G. Taylor. No excuse o'ffered.
M. Russell Thayer.
Mr. HOGAN. It has been stated that Mr.
Thayer is detained at home by sickness in his
family, and I therefore move that he be ex-
cused.
The motion was agreed to.
Francis Thomas.
Mr. ECKLEY. I move that Governor
Thomas be excused. He is old and I believe
not very well.
Mr, SHELLABARGER. I hope that will
be agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion
is agreed to.
Mr.'LE BLOND. I demanded the yeas and
nays before the Chair announced the motion
was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is too late.
Mr. LE BLOND. I appeal.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
refuses to entertain the appeal.
Mr. LE BLOND. Upon what authority?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
has made its decision ; gentlemen will resume
their seats.
Mr. LE BLOND. I will resume my seat
when my rights are guarantied and not short
of it. I appeal from the decision of the Chair,
and demand the question shall be put to the
House.
The SPEAKER pro tempori. The occupant
of the chair refused to entertain an appeal for
this reason: there are certain questions which
the Chair must decide absolutely. Where three
or four gentlemen rise and claim the floor the
Chair must determine which gentleman is en-
titled to it, and there is no appeal. And the
Chair must decide in reference to gentlemen
rising in time to demand the yeas and nays, and
there is no appeal.
The gentleman has the right to move to re-
consider the vote if he thinks his right has
been infringed.
Mr. LE BLOND. Then, Mr. Speaker, I
move to reconsider the vote by which the gen-
tleman from Maryland was excused.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That motion
is in order; but the decision of the Chair was
correct in declining to receive the appeal of
the gentleman after the Chair had declared that
the gentleman from Maryland was excused by
a vote of the House.
Mr. LE BLOND. With all respect I think
the Speaker of the House would have done
it. [Laughter. ]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman moves to
