66
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 26,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Postmaster General.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
of which 1,124 were issued to replace originals
lost in the mails or otherwise, 296 wece in lieu
of" orders invalidated by age, and 12 to replace
orders illegally indorsed.
The sum of $2,710,685 53, being surplus
funds accruing at the smaller offices from the
transaction of the money-order business, was
transmitted to first-class offices used as depos-
itories, either by national bank drafts or in
registered packages by mail. The receipts
and expenditures for the last fiscal year, as
adjusted and reported by the Auditor, were as
follows, namely:
Receipts :
Pecs on orders issued 935,799 9S
Premium received on exchange  3 03
35,803 06
Expenditures :
Commissions to postmasters $11,432 49
Clerk hire    14,910 50
Books and stationery  1.224 59
Premium paid on draft  25
Miscellaneous, including furni-
ture aud fixtures   563 44
Remittances lost in the mail  533 00
  28,664 27
Excess of receipts over expenditures.  7,133 79
This sum represents the gross amount of
revenue derived from the transaction of
the money-order business for the past
year, and if we deduct therefrom the
amount of the deficiency in the receipts
as compared with the expenditures dur-
ing the period of eight months ending
July 1,1865, as stated in the last annual
report, namely  7,047 97
There remains the sum of.  $90 82
as the proceeds of the system from its commencement
up to the close of the last fiscal year.
The cost of blanks for postmasters, which are
furnished by the department of public print-
ing, is not included in the foregoing statement
of expenditures.
The present charge or fee established by law
for an order of twenty dollars or less is ten
cents, and for an order exceeding twenty dol-
lars, twenty-five cents. These rates are defect-
ive in this respect, that an applicant who
desires to remit any sum under forty dollars
could do it more cheaply by two orders than
by one, inasmuch'as two orders for twenty dol-
lars each would cost him but twenty cents,
while for a single order of forty dollars he
would have to pay twenty-five cents. The
manifest tendency of this state of things is to
augment unnecessarily the number of orders
issued, involving a waste of time and of clerical
labor at both the issuing and paying oifices, as
well as increasing the liability to error. The
adoption of an additional rate of fifteen cents
for all orders of more than ten, but not exceed-
ing thirty dollars, without any chatige of the
present fee for orders of ten dollars or less, or
for orders exceeding thirty dollars, would rem-
edy the defect in question, and promote expe-
dition and accuracy in the transaction of the
business.
At some post offices, particularly those lo-
cated at centers of trade and commerce, the
number of orders paid very greatly exceeds the
number issued, so that the payment of orders
constitutes the chief business of these offices,
- and as the postmaster's compensation for pay-
ing orders, being one eighth of one per cent,
on the amount thereof, is much less than for
issuing them, for which he receives one third
of the fees, it is recommended that the com-
mission for paying orders be increased from
one eighth to one fourth of one per cent., so
as to afford postmasters at such offices a com-
pensation proportionate to their services.
In case of the loss of a money order, the
owner, in order to obtain a duplicate thereof,
is required "to furnish a statement under oath
or affirmation," setting forth the loss or de-
struction of the original, together with a cer-
tificate from the postmaster by whom it was
payable that it has not been and will not be
paid. A certificate must also be obtained from
the issuing postmaster, that the order in ques-
tion had not been and will not be repaid to the
purchaser. In the majority of cases the appli-
cant's information with regard to the loss of
the original order is limited to the fact that it
was mailed at a certain office, but failed, from
causes unknown to him to reach the person
addressed. He is obliged, however, to furnish
a statement to that effect, under oath, (which
is to be administered by the postmaster with-
out charge,) and to defray the cost of a five-
cent revenue stamp affixed to such statement.
This additional expense is burdensome to the
owner, who is rarely to be blamed for the loss
of the original order, for which the regular fee
had already been paid to the Department, and
the latter having undertaken, in consideration
of that fee, to transfer through the mails the
sum of money represented by the order, should
perform that duty without exacting any further
compensation. Experience, moreover, shows
that the certificates of both postmasters afford
complete security against the erroneous issue
of a duplicate in lieu of an order that had once
been paid. It would seem, therefore, that the
legal requirement from the applicant of a sworn
statement as to the loss or destruction of the
original is entirely unnecessary, as well as
onerous, and should be abolished. For simi-
lar reasons no charge whatever should be made
for the issue of a duplicate order to replace
an original that has become invalid because
not presented within one year after its date, or
because improperly indorsed. In such cases
the invalidation of the order is in itself a pen-
alty for any negligence of the holder, who, on
application, should receive payment of his
money by means of a duplicate without a sec-
ond fee.
During the last fiscal year five cases have
occurred of the payment of orders to persons
who had forged the signatures of the payees.
These persons had previously, through lack
of precaution or injudicious confidence of the
remitter or payee, been put in possession of all
the information required to obtain payment of
the order. To forge or counterfeit a money
order is made a penal offense by the act of
May 17, 1864, but there is no provision of law
to punish the forgery of the payee's signature,
and as the latter crime is liable to be often re-
peated, especially at the large offices, there is
a necessity for additional legislation to pro-
vide an adequate punishment for it, as well as
for any attempt to obtain payment of a money
order by fraudulent means.
A remittance of surplus money-order funds,
amounting to $617, sent in a registered pack-
age from Natchez, Mississippi, to St. Louis,
Missouri, was lost by the destruction of the
mail steamer City of Memphis, on the 31st of
May, but in consequence of delay in obtaining
satisfactory evidence that this sum had been
duly counted, registered, and mailed, and had
subsequently been totally destroyed, the claim
of the postmaster at Natchez to be credited
therewith was not allowed by this Department
and transmitted to the Auditor in time to be
inserted in his report.
MISCELLANEOUS.
In addition to the details of-this report, I
submit a few suggestions: the condition of
all branches of this Department is most encour-
aging. The general plan proposed by my
predecessor for reestablishing postal service in
the late insurgent States has been, to a large
extent, carried out; and efficient service, with
economical expenditures, has resulted. Just
as rapidly as the condition of the country and
the necessities of the people will warrant, new
post offices will be opened and mail service
increased.
The surplus of revenues over expenditures
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1865, was
not anticipated for the year ending June 30,
1866. The expense incident to reestablishing
mail service in the southern States, where such
service had been interrupted by the rebellion,
it was known would increase largely the gen-
eral outlays of the Departmont beyond what
had been required during either of the preced-
ing four years.
There is no better evidence of national pros-
perity than the constant increase, from year to
year, of revenues derived from domestic and
foreign postages. There is no better evidence
of the increasing general intelligence of the
American people than that furnished' by the
loaded mails.
The change in modes of conveyance from car-
rier pigeons and special messengers, and post
riders with billets and small packages and a
few letters, to railroads and steamboats, carry-
ing every day hundreds of tons of letters and
newspapers and books, all through the length
and breadth of the land, is an extraordinary
commentary upon the increasing wealth and
prosperity of the nation, and the energy and
intelligence of the people. The few thousand
pounds of postal revenue in Franklin's time for
a single year, give place now to $15,000,000
annually, a sum greater than the annual reve-
nues of the Federal Government during the
administration of John Quincy Adams.
This service, under the liberal patronage of
the Government, has done more to aid in devel-
oping the resources of the country than anything
else except the cultivation of the soil. It has
done more to aid in enlightening and Chris-
tianizing the people than anything else except
the spelling-book and Bible. The post office
and mail route travel with civilization, and mark
its progress as distinctly as the school-house and
meeting-house.
It has always been an .erroneous theory in
the history of the postal service of the United
States that it was established or sustained on
the principle of wholly defraying its own ex-
penses out of its own revenues ; or, in other
words, on the principle that it should be self-
supporting. It is a great public necessity, to
accommodate private citizens, and it will not
do to say that no mail route shall be opened,
or post office established, until the business on
the proposed route or of the proposed office
shall pay all expenses.
Large sums of money are paid every year to
contractors for carrying mails beyond our front-
ier, across the central wilderness, to the Pa-
cific States; and other large sums are paid
for services on lines tributary to the main lines,
to accommodate as yet sparse settlements.
From these, comparatively small returns come
back in the shape of postal revenues. Yet
these very agencies invite settlement and en-
courage enterprise in material development,
so that there come back to the people in real
wealth almost as many millions of dollars as
the Government expends thousands in this par-
ticular branch of service.
Congress has wisely appropriated $500,000
per year to pay for carrying mails from San
Francisco to China. There is an excuse, in
sending mails, for paying this money to a pri-
vate company in aia of a great commercial en-
terprise. This money, so expended, will come
back from the China seas in goods and wares
and merchandise to our own markets, or, in
seeking European markets, in transportation
paid across the continent.
Whether the people pay in postage stamps
for transmission of letters through the mails,
or whether they pay by appropriation of pub-
lic money, the ends sought and the ends attained
are the sathe. While a lavish expenditure of
public money is to be avoided, there ought
to be a liberal expenditure for extending mail
facilities by land and by sea.
In another respect I recommend more liber-
ality. The clerks and employes of the Post
Office Department have not been well paid for
the services they have performed. The sala-
ries of clerks in the Post Office Department dur-
ing the four years of war were not increased,
while all the expenses of living were more than
