1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
063
W. Patterson, Frederick A. Pike, William
Radford, Henry J. Raymond, John H. Rice,
and Charles H. Winfield.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Warrants
will be issued for the members whose. names
have just been read.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. I move that my col-
league, Mr. Hotchkiss, be excused from fur-
ther attendance at the session of to-night, on
account of ill-health.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is the gentleman really
ill?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I have been in attend-
ance all day, and I am unable to remain longer.
I have already stayed longer than I ought to
have done.
The motion ofMr. Van Aernam was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, (after a
pause.) I move to reconsider the vote lay which
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Hotch-
kiss] was excused.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred oiv the motion that
Mr. Hotchkiss be excused.
On the motion, there were—ayes fifty, noes
not counted.
So Mr. Hotchkiss was excused.
Mr. NO ELL. I move to postpone all pro-
ceedings in regard to the arraignment of the
absentees until to-morrow at one o'clock.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man must reduce his amendment to writing.
Mr. NOELL. I cannot do that just now.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Would it be in order for
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Geinuell] to
sing—
"John Brown's body lies a-moldering in the grave.
But his soul is marching on?"
Mr. SCHENCK. Let us have it.
Mr. GRINNELL. _ I will do it, if the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin will allow me to quote
a verse for him to sing.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What is it?
Mr. GRINNELL. The verse I would quote
would be:
" And are we wretches yet alive,
And do we still rebel?
'Tis only by amazing grace
That we are out of hell."
Mr. NIBLACK. That is swearing.
Mr. DRIGGS. I suggest that the gentleman
sing—
"Oh, for a thousand tongues to singl"
Mr. NOELL. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the arraignment before the bar of
the House of all persons for being absent without
leave be postponed until Wednesday, the23d, at one
o'clock p. m.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I object.
Mr. NOELL. I believe the resolution is in
order. A case of this kind came up last year.
Mr. UfSON. I object; last year is played
out. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the adoption of the resolution of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Noell.]
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to amend the
resolution by striking out all after the word
"Resolved" and inserting the following:
That the Sergoant-at-Arms be directed to bring
the members now absent without leave before the
bar of the House as soon hereafter as possible, and
that they be then required to show cause why they
should not be declared to be in contempt of the
House, and to abide the order of the House.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
83, noes 38.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Noell's reso-
lution.
Mr. BROOMALL. I offer the following
amendment to the resolution:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed
to Bring the members nowabsentwithoutleave, who
are not previously arrested, before the bar of the
House at one o'olock to-morrow, Wednesday, Janu-
ary 23,1867: and that they then be required to show
cause why they should not be declared to be in con-
tempt of the House, and abide the orders of the
House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to lay the resolu-
tion and amendment upon the table.
Mr. NOELL. I accept the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The question was taken on Mr. Schenck's
motion; and there were—ayes 39, noes 10.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Mr. NOELL. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to know whether it is in order to smoke
cigars and eat old cheese during the session of
the House? [Laughter.] '
Mr. McKEE. I ask a division of the ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that it is not in order.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I feel, Mr. Speaker, no
good can result to ourselves or the country by
continuing this session longer, and I therefore
move that the House adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK. It would not be respectful
to the members we have invited here. [Laugh-
ter. ]
Mr. BROOMALL. I submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed
to bring all the members now absent, who shall not
be arrested and brought b%fore the bar of the House
during this day's session, before the bar of the House
at one o'clock p. m., Wednesday, January 23, and
they then be required to show cause why they should
not be declared in contempt of the House, and they
abide the order of the House.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
to lay the resolution upon the table.
Mr. FINCK. I make the point of order
that it is the same resolution already voted
down.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order. It is not the
same resolution.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I with-
draw my motion.
Mr. BROOMALL. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. O'NEILL. I hope we will take a recess
till half-past three on the 23d, as these even-
ing sessions are so pleasant and instructive we
ought to have more of then.
Mr. ELDRIDGE.- I move to take a recess
till twelve o'clock in.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. It is not in
order pending a call of the House.
Mr. BOYER (at twenty-five minutes tp three
a. m.) moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. NOELL. I move that we direct the
Sergeant-at-Arms to bring in the members
from Arkansas, who are absent without leave
of this House.
Mr. WARNER. That goes under the rule
to the joint select Committee on Reconstruc-
tion.
Mr. BERGEN. I move that my colleague,
Mr. Hunter, have leave of absence till twelve
o'clock m.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
Mr. STARR. I have the manuscript of a
sermon delivered by our Chaplain not long
ago; and I ask it be read, as I fear there were
some members here who did not hear it.
Objection was made.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I move the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be instructed
to return the writs against absentees under the pend-
ing call at nine o'clock a. m. to-day, it being now
the hour of three o'clock a. m., until which time this
House take a recess.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A motion for
a recess is not in order pending the call of the
House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, (at five min-
utes past three o'clock a. m.,) moved that the
House adjourn.
Mr. BENJAMIN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
15, noes 34.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I would
like to know what reason the gentleman from
Dakota has for being present to-night? Let
us hear him.
Mr. SCHENCK. Let us admit him as a
State. [Laughter.]
Mr. BURLEIGH. I am sent here as a
Delegate of a Territory, and not as a Repre-
sentative of a State.
Is Dakota loyal?
It-never bowed the knee
Mr. ELDRIDGE.
Mr. BURLEIGH,
to the political Baal.
Mr. HILL. What
Mr. BURLEIGH.
do you mean by loyal?
My people stood by the
Government in the hour of trial.
Mr. GRINNELL. How many of them ?
Mr. BURLEIGH. I have not the honor to
represent a State, but I represent a Territory
of which I am as proud as any member can
be of his State. If it has not a great popula-
tion, it has resources to sustain the vast pop-
ulation to go there hereafter. I came here to-
night to look after the interest 
A Member. Of Indians? [Laughter.]
Mr. BURLEIGH. Yes, sir; I always look
after their interest, and propose to do so.
A Member. So we understand. [Laughter.]
Mr. BURLEIGH. Yes, sir; you under-
stand it; from men who have dyed their hands
in fraud and perjury. We have the evidence
on this subject, and will show it to this Honse
and to the nation. Yes, sir, I stand here to
protect the Indians of the Northwest, and not
only the Indians of the Northwest, but of the
eastern slope; and I will stand here as long as
I can stand at all [great laughter] for the
rights of humanity.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Would it
be in order to allow the gentleman to tell us
how he votes on the pending measure?
Mr. BURLEIGH. If it is in order I will
state that I have always been in favor of or-
ganization, and I think 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. How is the gentleman on
religion ? [Laughter. ]
Mr. BURLEIGn. If the majority here hai
only organized they might have put on two
watches, one on the larboard and the other on
the starboard side—one on duty while the other
one rested—and have fought this thing out;
while the minority, being small in number,
could not have had enough on the watch to call
the yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. They cannot
eall them now.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Any more questions ?
Mr. GRINNELL. 'Talk about white people
now.
Mr. BURLEIGH. If I had a vote I would
vote for the country, the Constitution, and the
rights of mankind.
A Member. Do you leave the Constitution
around ?
Mr. BURLEIGH. I never "swing round
the circle." [Laughter.]
Mr. HILL. I insist that the gentleman is
not showing cause why he should not go out.
[Laughter. J
Mr. BURLEIGH. All I have to say is, if
my cause is not sufficient, the officers of the
House may try tie same means to eject me that
they did on the mau in the gallery. [Laughter.]
A Member. How do you stand on the tax
on whisky on hand? [Laughter.]
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. The speech
of the gentleman seems to me entirely satisfac-
tory, and I move it be accepted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to extend his
time ten minutes.
The Sehgeaxt-at-Arms. Mr. Speaker, I
have the honor to report to the House that one
of my messengers has returned and makes the •
following report: that he visited the room of
James M. Humphrey, at the Seaton House,
and was informed by Mrs. Humphrey that her
husband must be in this House, or some other
good place, [laughter,] for he had not been
home (his evening.
