58
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 8,
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Admission of Nebraska—Mr. Creswell.
Senate.
stitution adopted on the 8th November, 1776,
inserted the provision following:
" All freemen above twenty-ono years of age, hav-
ing a freehold of fifty acres of land'in the county in
which they offer to vote and residing therein, and all
freemen having property in this State above the
value of thirty pounds current money, and having
resided in the county in which they offer to vote one
whole year next preceding the election, shall have a
right of sufirago in tho election of delegates for such
county."
That continued to be the law of Maryland
down to the year 1810, when the constitution
was amended so as to confine the suffrage to
white men. At the same time the Legislature
saw proper to manumit the white race from
the property qualifications that at that time
oppressed them. It was enacted that from and
after the year 1810 no man should be excluded
from the right to vote or should be prevented
from holding any office by reason of the want
of any property qualification, thus declaring
forever in favor of manhood suffrage.
Now, sir, why was that ? That was a depart-
ure from the fathers in one respect toward
freedom, but in the other toward slavery. They
enfranchised the white man; they riveted more
tightly the shackles of the black man. It was
done because meanwhile cotton, as they be-
lieved, had become king. It was done because
the inventions of Whitney and others had ena-
bled the cotton-growers to manipulate their
product so successfully as to make it with
slave labor the most profitable staple of the
continent, and slave, ay, negro culture, thence-
forth became as much a business as cotton cul-
ture ; and even Maryland and Virginia, from
their former condition of active hostility to
slavery, as evinced by the sentiments of their
representatives in the Convention which formed
the Constitution of the United States in 1787,
became from that day forth the active propa-
gandists of slavery.
From this new stand-point it may have been
necessary, if slavery rather than freedom was to
be preserved, to exclude the black man, whether
free or slave, from the ballot-box, and they did
so. Avarice is insatiable, and those who prof-
ited by slavery, not satisfied with their present
gains, began to throw around it the protection
of the State laws. In 1836 they provided by an
amendment of the Constitution—
" That the relation of master and slave in thisState
shall not be abolished unless a bill so to abolish the
same shall be passed by a unanimous vote of the
members of each branch of the Goneral Assembly,
and shall be published at least three months before
a new election of delegates, and shall be confirmed
by a unanimous vote of the members of each branch
of the Qeneral Assembly at the next regular consti-
tutional session after such new election, nor then
without full compensation to the master for the prop-
erty of which he shall thereby be deprived."
This was a declaration to the people of Mary-
land : slavery shall be continuous, perpetual;
it shall be the absorbing interest within the
limits of the State ; and no matter what may be
the convictions of the people in regard to it,
or what may be the manifest interest of the
majority, you shall not abolish it without a
unanimous vote of both Houses of two consec-
utive Legislatures—an absolute impossibility as
men are constituted. Thus justice, blind and
robbed of her scales, was forced to jvield her
sword in the interest of her enemies.
But that is not all. In the constitution of
1851, article three, section forty-three, they
imposed an absolute prohibition upon all legis-
lative action for the abolition of slavery, in
these words:
" The Legislature shall not pass any law abolishing
IP? relation of master or slave, as it now exists in
this State.
Finally, they went so far as to say that no
slaveholder, no matter what might be his views
of duty or propriety, should be allowed to man-
umit his slaves; and after having built up all
these legal fortifications around their pet inter-
est they actually aided to organize rebellion
and civil war against this great Government, in
order that they might witness the apotheosis of
their grand idea and construct upon the ruins
of free institutions a Government with its foun-
dation based upon the corner-stone of slavery.
After that came the deluge; and the men who
fought to obliterate all sentiments of liberty
from the human heart were themselves swept
out of place, and many of them for their impi-
ous rashness paid the penalty with their lives.
I believe, sir, the hand of God was guiding
the whole movement.
Once admitted that slavery and property
qualifications are forever abolished, and there
can be no reason assigned why'' every man hav-
ing a common interest with and an attachment
to the community'' ought not to be remitted,
according to the Bill of Eights of 1776, to the
right of suffrage.
The time has come when every man, declared
to be a citizen of the United States, of proper
age and having the qualifications applicable to
other citizens, must, if we intend to stand upon
a republican form of government, be allowed
to express his political sentiments through the
ballot-box.
Now, sir, I come to the question propounded
by the other Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doo-
little. ] He made the point upon my friend from
Vermont that the people of a State might re-
strict the exercise of the right of suffrage. I
admit it; but I assert that it must be by all the
people; and now, that slavery is abolished, black
citizens are a part of the people ; and if there
is a State within this Union with a constitution
adopted by a majority of only a part of its
people, I contend it is not republican in form.
The white citizens of a State have no right thus
to exclude the black citizens of a State from
the exercise of political power any more than
the black citizens have to exclude the white ;
and when a State is in that position, it is the
duty of Congress, as much as anything can be
its duty, to see that that State has a republican
form of government. Not only does this duty
apply to States which are under the ban of
rebellion, but to all States. The Constitution
says that "the United States shall guaranty
to every State in this Union a republican form
of government;" and hence, if by the force of
events, or by any combination of circumstances,
any State is in this Union without having given
at some time of its history, either in the forma-
tion and adoption of its constitution or subse-
quently, to every citizen having the common
qualifications, a right to speak with regard to
its form of government, I pronounce it to be
anti-republican.
„I do not mean to say that every woman or
every child or every criminal or traitor must
vote. There must be certain obvious rules
governing this matter. If the right of suffrage
is committed generally to the males, then con-
fine it to the males. If it be desirable to
exclude children or criminals or traitors, let
them be excluded as incompetent or danger-
ous characters to the State. But I do say that
no principle ever embodied in the organic law
by the founders of our Government can be
cited to justify the Congress of the United
States in allowing any State to retain a form
of government which disfranchises all of a class
of citizens by reason of race or color; and
when gentlemen in Maryland talk about mak-
ing a new constitution I contend that they
must submit it to every citizen having these
common qualifications; and if they deny that,
I shall be one of Maryland's sons to come to
the Congress of the United States and ask that
that constitution shall not be recognized.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senatorallow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. CRESWELL. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. When the Constitution
of the United States was adopted were negroes
allowed to vote in the State of Maryland ?
Mr. CRESWELL. They were.
Mr. SAULSBURY. When did they cease
to be allowed that privilege?
Mr. CRESWELL. In 1810.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Was the government
of Maryland republican in form after that?
Mr. CRESWELL. It was so held. But if
the gentleman had listened to my argument he
would have heard that I contend that where
slavery is recognized and protected by the Con-
stitution of the United States and by the States,
it is one thing to exclude slaves and chattels
from all participation in the Government, but
a very different thing, when slavery has been
universally abolished, to disfranchise freemen
and citizens. That is my position. The law is
changed, and events have remodeled the whole
question.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Allow me to ask the
honorable Senator another question. If the
laws of Maryland now exclude the negro popu-
lation from voting, does my honorable friend
say that on that account the government of
Maryland is not republican in form within the
sense of the Constitution of the United States,
and therefore requires the interpoiition of Con-
gress to make it republican?
Mr. CRESWELL. I have argued and now
maintain, not that a State may not limit the
exercise of the right of suffrage, but that the
limitation must be by a majority of all the peo-
ple, and that a part of the people, one fifth, two
fifths, three fifths, four fifths, have no right to
exclude any other part, however small, by rea-
son of race or color, from the formation of the
organic fundamental law in and by which that
limitation is prescribed.
Now, sir, a word to the distinguished Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. This is the great
battle upon which we are entering. We shall
contend for the right of every man in this coun-
try to protect himself by his ballot. It is a
battle for mankind ; it is a battle for all future
time ; and I am willing, under the circum-
stances, inasmuch as the Congress of the Uni-
ted States said to the people of Nebraska that
they should be allowed to form their constitu-
tion upon a certain theory, to which at that
time all acceded, I am willing, nay I am anx-
ious, when we know from the character of that
people and the representatives they have chosen
that they will not only stand by us but that they
will be in the very front rank in the approach-
ing struggle to maintain the great doctrine that
we have emblazoned upon our banners—to ad-
mit both those States into the Union at once.
I appeal to the Senator from Massachusetts to
accept their aid, and let us, having extended
our lines upon the most advanced position,
move onward in solid phalanx until the con-
summation of our great victory shall come. I
respect the position he takes. I respect the
view entertained by my friend from Vermont,
and I am willing even to vote for his nugatory
measure. I am willing to allow him that leek
to feed upon if he be satisfied with it, and in-
deed it would be ungenerous in me not to do
so, although at the same time I desire to state
distinctly that I deny its legal efficiency.
I suppose, sir, that every inch of these
States in which the black man has been denied
and is still denied the right of suffrage will be
fought over on this great question. I propose
to take my position with that party that speaks
for human rights. I propose even to go with
that party which has the most enlarged views
of human rights. And when public officers
by their messages, whether Governors or Pres-
idents, present to me the mean argument that
the negroes hitherto held in slavery may in a
very little while acquire all the power and con-
sign us to an inferior station, I cast it to the
dogs without an answer. If under the circum-
stances we are not able to maintain our posi-
tion, 30,000,000 against 4,000,000—30,000,000
of born freemen against 4,000,000 of but
lately ignorant and degraded slaves—then it is
time for us to abandon all claim to the boasted
ascendency of the white race ; and to quit that
proud position that hitherto we have held a3
the first and the most aggressive in the causa
of right of all nations on the face of the earth.
