1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
em
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That this House has heard with intense
satisfaction the eloquent speech of the Delegate from
Dakota, and that five hundred thousand copies be
printed in the English, German, and Choctaw lan-
guages.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I cannot
yield for that. I see that the Sergeant-at-Arms
is ready to make a report. I defer the motion
I was about to make.
The Sergeant-at-Arms. I have the honor
to report the action of a messenger who went
in search of Hon. Mr. Brandegee. Mr. Bran-
degee was found in bed, and he assured the
messenger that he had left the House on ac-
count of severe sickness, and that he was pos-
itively too unwell to come here.
I desire also to report that my messenger
was obstructed. At Willard's Hotel he was
prevented by the clerk from visiting the rooms
occupied by members. The clerk refused to
communicate to the messenger the number of
members' rooms or to allow him to visit them.
I will read the report of the messenger 
Mr. CONKLING. I beg leave to interrupt
this report for the purpose of raising a point
of order. I submit to the Chair that all these
narrations of messengers are out of order. If
there is anybody to be produced here under
arrest, that is a different matter; but this his-
tory—this Pilgrim's Progress—which is related
here by way_ of hearsay, is, I submit, not in
order. I think that v.-.-* get enough from this
night session, without any more than properly
belongs to it.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I believe
that it is very proper for the Sergeant-at-Arms,
in making his return to the House, to give a
statement of what transpired while he was
endeavoring to execute the commands of the
House. "
The Sergeant-at-Arms. The Speaker and
the House will pardon me. I may be in error
in the execution of my duty; but on a former
occasion, when I myself was out five hours
without making a return to the House, it was
attempted to eas.t censure upon me, and my
name was attempted to be placed upon the
Journal. I have therefore made these reports
to obviate such objections.
Mr. CONKLING. It is quite proper, so far
as the Sergeant-at-Arms is concerned, that he
should set himself right. I do not mean to
east any reflection upon him; "but it is hardly
fair that narrations should be read here which
in the estimation of some gentlemen's con-
stituents may be a reflection upon them. I
submit it is not worth while, nor is it called
for, that we should have these narrations read.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
informed by those who have larger experience
here that the only parties who can address the
Presiding Officer beside members are the mes-
sengers from the Senate and from the President
of the United States. All others communicate
in writing, even the Clerk of the House. The
Sergeant-at-Arms is undoubtedly required to
report in writing.
The Sergeant-at-Arms reports he has now in
custody at the bar Mr. Farnsworth, Mr. Gar-
field, and Mr. Stokes.
Mr. Farnsworth, you have been absent
from the House without its leave. What ex-
cuse have you to offer?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think I had better
take the benefit of the presumptions in my
favor and stand mute.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the gentle-
man be excused on the payment of the usual
fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Garfield, you have
been reported absent without leave. What ex-
cuse have yon to offer ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I left the House at half
past four with a bad headache, which I men-
tioned to Mr. Allison. I have been twice
excused from, attending this day's session, but
the gallantry and pluck evinced in this fight
have induced me to return, though not quite
well.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man' has been excused, and will therefore be
discharged from custody.
Mr. Stokes, you have been absent from the
House without its leave. What excuse have
you to offer ?
Mr. STOKES. Mr. Speaker, I had a con-
versation with Mr. Boutweli,, of Massachu-
setts, just before half past four o'clock p. m.,
and he thought the House would soon adjourn
without difficulty. I went to my colleague, Mr.
Leftwich, and proposed we should pair off,
and we did pair off. I was not well, and Mr.
Leftwich said he would make the statement
to the House during the roll-call or immedi-
ately afterward. They were then calling the
roll. I supposed the House would remain but
a few moments longer, and I did not see any
necessity for my staying. It is the first time I
ever absented myself from the House. In the
Thirty-Sixth Congress I never missed a roll-
call but once during the whole time. If I had
known the Opposition would have been so
courageous, bold, and determined in standing
o.ut to thwart the legislation of the country!
would have remained in my seat.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move the gentleman be
excused.
Mr. LE BLOND. On the payment of the
usual fees. I am not sure whether we ought
to grant that, for the gentleman has reflected
upon the motives of this side of the House.
I do not presume our action is revolutionary
or for the purpose of obstructing legitimate
legislation. It is.simply to let the country
know'what is proposed to be done under the
gag-law. It is the only motive we have, and
it is the right which belongs to us as members.
The imputation undertaken to be sent out, I
say, on behalf of the minority, is unfounded;
we simply desire to have fair and equal jus-
tice.
Mr. STOKES. My remark was intended
for tlfe opposite side of the House, that they
were endeavoring to prevent legislation so far
as discussion was concerned.
The SPEAKER prro tempore. The gentle-
man must confine himself to the reasons why
he should be excused.
Mr. STOKES. I have said all I want to.
The amendment was agreed to; and the
motion, as amended, was adopted.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will now entertain the point of order raised by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I was inquiring of the
Chair whether the effect of the resolution
already passed, to bring all the delinquent
members not yet arrested to answer at the bar
of the House at one o'clock to-morrow 
A Member. To-day.
Mr. SCHENCK. No; this is a legislative
day, and it is still yesterday. [Laughter. ] My
inquiry was whether that resolution will not
stand even if we now dispense with the further
proceedings under the call. I suppose that a
distinctive, substantive order of that kind under
parliamentary law will stand.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
thinks it would stand.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move then that all fur-
ther present proceedings under the call be
dispensed with, leaving the resolution to stand,
with a view to going on with the business be-
fore the House.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I
mand the yeas and nays on the motion.
Mr. GRINNELL. I call for tellers
ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair
pointed Messrs. Grinnell and Eldridge.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-five ; noes none.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the House now adjourn, and on that 1 call
the yeas and nays.
Mr. ORTH. I call for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Orth and Noell.
de-
ap-
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-four; noes none.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Sergeant-
at-Arms is ready to report to the House, and
in the opinion of the Chair his report is ia
order.
The Sergeant-at-Arms. I have the honor
to report that I have brought before the bar of
the House Ebon C. Incjersoi.t,, James W.
Patterson, and George W. Anderson, being
absent without leave.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Ingeb-
soLL, you have been absent from the session
of the House without leave. What excuse have
you to offer ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would like before pro-
ceeding to understand my status, [lafighter,]
whether I am to be regarded as a belligerent
or public enemy; and if a belligerent whether
I am to be accorded belligerent rights; op
whether I am an American citizen 
A Member. Without distinction of color.
[Laughter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not desire to waive
any of my political rights. I want to know
whether this is a proceeding in rem or in per-
sonam or a criminal proceeding; and if it be
a criminal proceeding, whether I am not enti-
tled to trial by jury? I wish the Chair to de-
cide that question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
has propounded the usual question to the mem-
ber, to state the reason for his absence.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I submit whether I am
to be deprived of my liberty. I understand I
may be fined.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
has no authority to make any order in refer-
ence to a fine.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If I am without defense
I will challenge the whole array. [Laughter.]
Mr. HIGBY. The gentleman says he does
not want to waive his rights ; I would like to
know if anything waved when he went out of
the cloak-room? [Laughter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. To the best of my
knowledge I saw two coat-tails waving in the
air. [Laughter.] Mr. Speaker, I believe there
■is an old law of the District of Columbia which
requires honest citizens to be in bed soon after
twelve o'clock. In compliance with that law
and my own wishes I left this House about
that time, after all reasonable effort had been
made, on my part, to adjourn. I thought
after I had exhausted all effort to bring the
parties to an agreement with reference to this
bill I could be of no farther service here, and
so like a good citizen I went home to bed and
was sound asleep when the Sergeant-at-Arms
aroused me.
Mr. MILLER. I move that the gentleman
be excused upon paying the costs and upon
the promise that he will not jump out of the
window again. [Laughter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I deny that I jumped
out of the window.
The motion to excuse the gentleman was
agreed to. ,
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Ander-
son, you have been absent from the session of
this House without leave. What excuse have
you to render ?
Mr. ANDERSON. I do not know that I
have any very good excuse to offer. I will
only say to the gentlemen who live on the west
side of the Mississippi river that I am chair-
man of the Committee on Mileage, and they
had better vote right on this question of ex-
cusing me or their mileage may be cut down.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the gentle-
man be excused on the payment of the usual
fees.
The. motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKERpro tempore. Mr. Patter-
son, you have been absentfrom the sessions of
this House without leave. What excuse have
you to render for your absence?
Mr. PATTERSON, Mr. Speaker, it was
