666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
not out of any "disrespect for the House that I
left it, but purely out of respect to myself.
Mr. INGrBRSOLL. That is sound; do not
say another word.
Mr. PATTERSON. Two other gentlemen
went with me, the distinguished gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] who asserted
that this was a clearly unconstitutional case,
and that it was ratlisr the duty of every good
man in the House to absent himself; and then
again the distinguished chairman of the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, who said
there was.a rule of the levy court of this Dis-
trict that every honest man should be at home
before twelve o'clock, especially if he is a
member of Congress, and for that reason I
thought it -was rather incumbent on me to
escort the gentleman home. [Laughter.] That
is the only excuse which I have to offer.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move that the gentle-
man from New Hampshire be excused on the
payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Randall, of Pennsylvania, that the House do
now adjourn, upon which the yeas and nays
had been ordered. .
Mr. FINCK. I move that when the House
adjourn it adjourn to meet on Friday next.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I call for
tellers on-.the yeas And nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Broomall
and Finck were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
twenty-four in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. NOELL. I move to amend the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Finck,] by
striking out " Friday" and inserting "Thurs-
day " in lieu therof.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Upon the motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I call for
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Noell and
Washburn, of Indiana, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
twenty in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—ryeas 25, nays 68, not voting
98; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Campbell,
Cooper, Eldridge, Finck. Glossbrenner, Goodyear,
John H. Hubbard, Humphrey, Ingcrsoll, Le Blond-,
Marston, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Patterson,
Samuel J. Randall, Ritter, Shanklin, Sitgreaves,
Taber, Trimble, and Williams—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Baker, Banks, Barker. Baxter. Beaman, Benja-
min, Boutwell, Broomall, Buckland, Cobb, Conkling,
Cook, Culfoiu, Dawson, Delano, Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth, _ Farquhar,
Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Hart, Hawkins, Hayes,
Higby, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Hul-
burd. Hunter, Julian, Kelso, Keteham, Kuykendall,
Laflin, Lynch, Mclndoe, MeRuer, Miller, Moulton,
Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Price, William
H. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer,
Schenck. Scofield, Shellabarger, Spalding, Starr,
Stokes, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt "V an
Horn. Henry D. Washburn, and Welker—68.
NOX VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Arnell, James
M.Ashley, Baldwin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Blow,
Brandegee, Bromwell, Bundy. Chanler, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Culver, Darling, Davis, Dawes,
Defrces, Deming, Denison, Dixon, Dumont, Eckley,
Griswold, Halo, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Harding,
Harris, Henderson, Hill, Hise, Hogan, Holmes,
Hooper, Hotchkiss. Asahel W. Hubbard, Edwin Is.
Hubbell, James R.Hubbcll, Jenckes, Johnson, Jones,
Kasson, Kelley, Kerr, Koontz, Latham. George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Leftwieb, Loan,
Longyear, Marshall, Marvin, Maynard, McClurg,
MeCullough, McKeo, Mercur, Moorhead, Morrill,
Morris, Myers, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Rad-
ford, Raymond, John H. Rice, Rogers, Ross, Rous-
seau, Sloan, Stevens, Stilwell, Strouse, Nathaniel
G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas,
John L. Thomas, Thornton, Robert T. Van Horn,
Andrew H. Ward, Hamilton Ward, Warner, Elihu
B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Wentworth,
Whaley, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Win-
dom, Winfield, Woodbridge, and Wright—93. .
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No quorum
having voted, the question recurs on the motion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Randall,] that the House do now adjourn.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 29, nays 56, not voting
106; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Benjamin,
Conkling, Eckley, Farnsworth, Glossbrenner, Haw-
kins, John H. Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter, Inger-
soll, Keteham, Kuykendall, Laflin, Marston, Me-
Ruer, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Patterson, Samuel
J. Randall, Ritter, Rogers. Shanklin, Sitgreaves.
Spalding, Taber, and Trimble—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Barker, Baxter, Beaman,
Boutwell, Broomall, Buckland, Reader W. Clarke,
Cobb, Cook, Dawson, Delano, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs,
Eggleston, Eliot, Farauhar, Ferry. Garfield, Grinnell,
Abner C. Harding, Hart. Higby, Chester D. Hubbard,
Demas Hubbard, Hulburd, Jenckes, Julian, Kelso,
Koontz, Longyear, Lynch, Mclndoe, Merour, Morris,
Moulton, Newell, Orth, Perham, Price, William
H. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer,
Schenck, Seofield, Shellabarger.Starr, Stokes, Trow-
bridge, Upson. Burt Van Horn, Henry D.Washburn,
Welker, and Williams—56.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ar-
nell, Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baldwin,
Banks, Bergen, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Blow,
Boyer. Brandegee. Bromwell, Bundy, Campbell,
Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Cooper, Cullom, Culver,
Darling, Davis, Dawes, Defrees, Deming, Denison,
Donnelly, Dumont, Eldridge, Finck, Soodyear,Gris-
wold, Hale, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hayes, Hender-
son, Hill, Hise. Hogan, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James R.
Hubbell, Johnson, Jones, Kasson, Kelley, Kerr, La-
tham, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Le
Blond, Leftwich, Loan, Marshall, Marvin, Maynard,
McClurg, MeCullough, McKee, Miller, Moorhead,
Morrill, Myers, O'Neill, Paine, Phelps, Pike, Plants,
Pomeroy, Radford, Raymond, John H. Rice, Ross,
Rousseau, Sloan, Stevens, Stilwell, Strouse, Na-
thaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Thayer, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Van Aernam,
Robert T. Van Horn. Andrew H. Ward. Hamilton
Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, William B.
Washburn, Wentworth, Whaley, James F. Wilson;
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Winfield, Woodbridge,
and Wright—106.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.x
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
recurs upon the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] to suspend for the present
further proceedings under the call.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared and re-
ported that in pursuance of the warrant of the
Speaker he had arrested and now had in cus-
tody at the bar of the House Mr. Defbees, of
Indiana.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. I)efrees,
you have been absent from the session of the
House without its leave. What excuse have
you to render for your absence?
Mr. DEFREES. About fifteen minutes
after four o'clock in the afternoon I inferred
from indications here that the House would
soon adjourn, and therefore I left. It was
about the usual hour of adjournment, and I
knew the House ought to adjourn about that
time. I do not know that I have any other
excuse.
Mr. ORTH. I move that the gentleman be
excused upon the payment of the usual fees.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before the House acts
upon that motion, I would like to know of the
gentleman, if he will tell me, how he will vote
if we let him off in this way. I have noticed
this in regard to all the deserters here; after
they have been arrested, brought here, dis-
charged, and returned to the ranks, thev go
against us. That is a trait common to all de-
66rt@rs
Mr. DEFREES. When my name is called
upon any question I will show how I will vote.
Mr. SCHENCK. In the hope that this case
will be an exception to the rule, I will not op-
pose the motion of the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Orth.]
Mr. DRIGGS. Is it in order to move to
amend so as to require that the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Defkees] shall be put in
the old Capitol until twelve o'clock, so as to
secure ourselves from this vote against us ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that such an amendment would not
be in order.
The motion of Mr. Orth was then agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
recurs upon the motion to suspend for the
present the proceedings under this call, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. FINCK. I would inquire how many
votes were reported on the last call of the
roll?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Less than a
quorum.
Mr. FINCK. Then I move a call of the
House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There is one
call still pending; the House is now acting
under a call. There cannot be two calls of the
House at the same time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, (at fifteen minutes
before five o'clock a. m.) Is a motion to
adjourn now in order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That motion
would be in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The question was taken; and upon a division,
there were—ayes 42, noes 63.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK We may as well have the
yeas and nays on this question ; and I there-
fore ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 57, nays 58, not voting
76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Anderson, Benja-
min, Bergen, Boyer, Campbell, Conkling, Cooper,
Dawson, Defrees, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Eckley,
Eldridge, Farnsworth, Finck, Garfield, Glossbrenner,
Goodyear, Hawkins, Hogan, John H. Hubbard, Hul-
burd, Humphrey, Hunter, Ingersoll, Julian, Kerr,
Keteham, Kuykendall, Laflin, Le Blond, Marston,
MeRuer, Miller, Morrill, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell,
Patterson, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander H. Rice,
bridge, and Whaley—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Baker, Banks,
Barker, Baxter. Beaman, Bidwell, Boutwell, Broom-
all, Buckland, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cul-
lom, Delano, Driggs, Eggleston, Eliot, .Farquhar,
Ferry, Grinnell, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hayes,
Higby, Hill, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard,
Jenckes, Koontz, Longyear, Lynch, McClurg, Mcln-
doe, Mercur, Morris, Moulton, Newell, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Perham, Plants, Price, William H. Randall,
Rollins, Sawyer, Sehenek, Shellabarger, Starr, Stckes,
Upson, Van Aerman, Burt Van Horn, Henry D.
Washburn, Welker, and Williams—58.
NOT VOTIN G—Messrs. Alley, Ames. Arnell. J ames
M. Ashley, Baldwin,Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Brande-
gee, Bromwell, Bundy, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Cul-
ver, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Deming, Denison, -Du-
mont, Griswold, Hale, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hen-
derson, Hise, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James R. Hubbell,
Johnson, Jones, Kasson, Kelley, Kelso, Latham,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Leftwich,
Loan, Marshall, Marvin, Maynard, MeCullough,
McKee, Moorhead, Myers, Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy,
Radlord, Raymond, John II. Rice, Ross, Rousseau,
Sloan, Stevens, Stilwell, N athaniel G. Taylor, Thayer,
Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Robert
T. Van Horn, Andrew II. Ward, Hamilton Ward,
Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn,
Wentworth, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,
Windom, Winfield, Woodbridge, and Wright—76.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. A quorum being now pres-
ent, the question recurs on the motion of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Noell,] to
amend the motion of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Finck] by striking out "Friday" and
inserting ''Thursday;" on which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
- The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 19, nays 83, not voting
89 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Bergen, Cooper,
Eldridge, Finck, Goodyear, Humphrey, Kerr, Le
Blond, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, Ritter, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Taber, and Inm-
bic—]9
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Delos R. Ashley. Baker,
Banks, Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Lidwell,
Boutwell, Broomall, Buckland, Rea(der W. Clarke,
Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Dawson, Defrees. Delano,
Dixon, Dodge, l1" jnnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston,
Eliot, Farnsworth, i'.u.nihar, Ferry, Grinnon, Abner
C. Harding, Hart. Hawkins, Hayes, Higby, Chester
D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John H. Habbaid,
Hulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Kelso,
Keteham, Koontz, Kuykendall, Laflin, Longyear,
Lynch, McClurg, Mclndoo, Mercur, Morrill, Morris,
Moulton, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth. Paine,
Perham, Plants, Price, William II. Randall, Alex-
ander II. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Scolield,
Shellabarger, Spalding, Starr, Stokes,Strouse, Trow-
bridge,Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Vau Horn, Henry
D. Washburn, Welker, and Williams—83.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley. Ames, Ai ncll, .Tames
M. Ashley, Baldwin, Bingham, B!aint\ Blow, Boyer,
Brandegee, Brom'-vell, Bundy, Campbell. Chanler,
Sidney Clark, Conkling, Culver, Darling, Davis,
