1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Ward.
Ho. op Reps.
If by this law as now existing any less
whi=kv -would in the end be made, and any
le-=s drank, I should not ask its modification.
I.e«s i* made in certain localities ; but this
on!v gives the largo manufacturer the chance
himself to make the more, which he does, and
sends it forth into all these rural districts, and
by having the whole matter in his bands is
enabled to cheapen whisky, because he can
sell the more, and the consumption instead
of being less is vastly more, and the effects of
drinking this poison vastly more appalling. If
this evil of making and drinking whisky—making
is not an evil in itself but the drinking—is to
be put an end to by law. let that law crush the
great as well as the small maker.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. A. H. WARD,
of kentucky,
Ik the House of Representatives,
January 19, 1867.
The House having tinder consideration the bill
(H. K. No. 543) to provide for restoring to the States
lately in insurrection their fall political riihts—
Mr. WARD, of Kentucky, said :
Mr. SPEAKETt: A novice and almost a stran-
ger upon this floor, I congratulate myself that
I bear no scars inflicted by any member of this
House, and no one can complain of any in-
flicted by me. I have heretofore engaged in no
war of words, and do not therefore need the
kind otfices of the Reconstruction Committee.
It occurs to me that if the politicians of the
country would teach and practice God's law
of kindness instead of inculcating the doctrines
of hate and vengeance between man and man
and between section and section, you might
discharge your joint Committee on Reconstruc-
tion ; its occupation would be gone.
I find myself, Mr. Speaker, in a novel posi-
tion in being called on to resist and condemn
involuntary and compulsory secession. The
people of the South in 1861, believing they had
a right to secede from the Union, undertook to
do so. This movement I opposed, because I then
thought they were wrong. I did not think seces-
sion and rebellion could possibly remedy the
evils complained of, but would be the fruitful
source of incalculable and perhaps incurable
mischiefs. The bill under consideration assumes
that ten States, with a population of ten or
twelve million white citizens, are out of the
Union, foreign States, and their people aliens.
The distinguished gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] announces the startling
fact that four years of war was prosecuted by
the Government to turn ten States out of the
Union and to make all of their white inhabit-
ants slaves and aliens; not only so, but it is
contended and asserted in the bill under con-
sideration that these ten States have lost their
State governments by the war.
Mr. Speaker, I have been taught to believe
that the Constitution framed by our fathers in-
vested Congress with the power to admit States
into the Union, but gave that body no power
to turn States out. The same great charter
confers upon Congress power to pass uniform
naturalization laws, but gives no power to de-
stroy citizenship acquired under them. How,
then, can Congress make aliens of native-born
citizens? These southern States fought four
long years to get out of the Union, and the con-
test was carried on by the Government of the
United States to keep them in. This was what
our bravest and best soldiers of the war fought
for; they did not fight tt> turn these States out of
the Union, nor to make aliens and slaves of the
white people of the South. No one dared to
announce such an infamous purpose as this.
Gentlemen did not even dare at the commence-
ment of the war to say that it was waged to
free the negroes, who now boldly assume
that it was waged to turn States oat of the
Union, to destroy their State constitutions, and
to enslave their white population. I assume,
Mr. Speaker, that the Constitution provides
for the admission of States into the Union, and
successful revolution can alone open the door
for their exit.
It is true that the relations of these States to
the General Government were suspended dur-
ing the late unhappy war ; but its successful
termination at once restored the authority of
the Constitution over all their territory and
people. These ten States certainly were States
before the war; if they are not States now, what
are they ? Certainly not Territories ; no ter-
ritorial governments have ever been or could
be properly provided for them : and if their
citizens are not citizens of the United States I
would be obliged to the author of this bill if he
will tell me of what country they are citizens ?
In the exaction of all their duties to the
General Government on the part of these ten
States this Congress has repeatedly recognized
them as such.
Mr. Speaker, the nation needs and must
have repose; the war is over, but the whole
surface of society is covered with frightful
'wounds, which must be healed. You cannot
heal them by irritation nor by vindictive legis-
lation. We must have peace, substantial,
healthful peace; this can only be obtained by
the speedy and complete restoration of all the
white citizens of the late rebellious States to
equal rights under the Constitution and laws.
But gentlemen say that the people of these ten
States cannot be safely trusted with a voice in
the Government of the country, because they
are disloyal. It seems to me a very important
truth is overlooked in this line of argument.
It is this: the people of the South did not make
war npon our republican form of government
nor seek to destroy it; they only sought to
make two republics out of one. They are now
and have been all the time as much attached
to our system of free republican Government
as those who abuse them for disloyalty.
Mr. Speaker, it seems to me that if gentle-
men wanted to make these people hate our
Government they could not devise ^measure
better calculated to accomplish that object
than the one under consideration. It is natu-
ral for the citizen to love a good Government,
which affords him perfect protection and per-
fect equality ; but by what sort of reasoning
do you expect him to love a Government
which denies him every right of a freeman
and degrades him by making him subservient
to hisformerslave; and all this is accomplished
by this bill in the most outrageous and odious
manner. By its terms you declare all the
white people of these ten States aliens, and at
the same time, by the amendment of the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spald-
ing,] you suspend the writ of habeas corpus
in reference to these foreigners and proclaim
martial law over all of these ten States.
Mr. Speaker, such a system of legislation as
this must inevitably destroy the national credit
and lead to national bankruptcy and ruin, and
I fear its legitimate end will be frightful, bloody
anarchy and final despotism. Ihere is no re-
bellion now, no invasion threatened ; the pub-
lic safety is not endangered; then why suspend
the writ of habeas corpus and proclaim mar-
tial law ? Sir, we have had too much martial
law already; in its practical operation it is
military despotism.
Mr. Speaker, I honor the true soldier who
perils his life in defense of constitutional lib-
erty ; but I would greatly prefer to_ meet him
with the olive branch in his hand instead of
the sword, dripping with the blood of his own
countrymen. I want to see no more civil wars.
I want to see my whole country united, pros-
perous, and happy.
• Mr. Speaker, what is our condition at the
end of this unhappy war? We have a debt of
nearly three thousand million dollars hanging
over the nation; and it will require the untram-
meled brain and muscle of every man in Amer-
ica to pay it. What does the measure now before
us propose? It not only proposes to make
slaves of nearly one third of the white popula-
tion of the United States, but it absolutely pro-
poses an experiment which will cost this nation
untold millions of treasure. If the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] or any other
gentleman supposes that you can enslave ten
or twelve million white people in the United
States of America in this nineteenth century
without the expenditure of a .vast amount of
blood and money, he is most egregiously mis-
taken.
Now, sir, what is the true policy of the Gov-
ernment in regard to these people ? A nation
cannot prosper unless its individual citizens are
prosperous. When every individual is perfectly
protected in his life, liberty, and property, lie
then invests his labor to advantage : he crowns
his domestic board with plenty aud accumulates
a pile of surplus from which a rill of gold flows
into the public Treasury.
Now, suppose you admit all these southern
people to equal rights under the Constitution
and laws; give them their representation here;
do not thrust the hand of the Government into
their pockets to take their money to sustain the
Government and refuse them representation;
let them come here and have an equal voice
in making the laws under which they are to be
taxed, and they will help you to pay the public
debt.
I understand the distinguished gentleman
from Pennsylvania to be opposed to closing
the rebellion. He wants to put an appendix
to it. He wants to continue it until he, with
the aid of others, can make a '-perfect Re-
public." Now, let us see how this is pro-
posed to be done by the measure under con-
sideration.
I will concede at the commencement of the
argument upon this question that every man,
not only in the United States, but every human
being upon the face of God's earth, ought to
be free, provided ho is capable of governing
himself; and I say, at the same time, that the
man who governs himself is free, and that he
who is governed by somebody else is a slave,
be he white or black.
Now, I say, Mr. Speaker, that this proposi-
tion undertakes to regulate man's right of self-
government in the following manner, as pro-
vided in sections four, five, and six of the bill
under consideration. The fourth section pro-
vides—
That the persons who shall bo entitled to vote at
both of said elections shall be as follows: all male
citizens above the age of twenty-ono years who have
resided six months in said Stato and ten day a within
tho election district; and no person shall be deprived
of the right to vote, or otherwise disfranchised, by
reason of conviction and punishment for any crime
other than for insurrection or treason or misprision
of treason.
The sixth section disfranchises every man who
renounced his allegiance to the United States
and swore allegiance to the confederate gov-
ernment. But let us look at the proviso. It
provides—
That on taking the following oath tho party being
otherwise qualified shall be allowed to vote and hold
office:
I, A B, do solemnly swoar, on the Holy Evangel-
ists of Almighty God, that on the 4th clay of March,
1864, and at all times thereafter, I would willingly
havo complied with the requirements of the procla-
mation of the President of the United States, issued
on the 8th day of December, 18C3, had a safe oppor-
tunity of so doing been allowed me; that on the said
4th of March, 1864, and at all times thereafter, I was
opposed to the continuance of the rebellion, and to
tho so-called confederate government, arid volun-
tarily gayc no aid or encouragement thereto, but
earnestly desired the success of the Union and the
suppression of all armed resistance to the Government
oftne United States; and-that I will henceforth
faithfully support the Constitution of the United
States, and the Union of the States thereunder.
These are qualifications for suffrage embraced
in that section. But there is another section
on the same subject. The fifth section reads
as follows:
And be il/urther enacted. That the word citizen, as
UMd in thi* act, shall be construed to mean all per-
