1432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
amendments made upon the motion of one
member of the Committee of Ways and Means;
and I hope the Committee of the Whole will
vote them down.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to say 
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order upon this amendment, it having already
been debated for and against.
Mr. DAWES. Then I move to amend' the
amendment by striking out the last word, for
the purpose of calling the attention of my col-
league [Mr. Hooper] to this fact: I find in this
clause castings to be used for scales put down
in the free list, and 011 the very next page of
this bill I find scales put down in the free li£t
also.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The one
refers to castings before they are put in scales ;
the other to scales after they are completed.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Cast-iron hollow-v/arc, and cast-iron hollow-waro
tinned, enameled, japanned, or galvanized.
Mr. I5YERS. I move after line eighteen to
inseit " stoves."
Mr. Chairman, I desire to say in the present
law stoves and hoilow-waro are taxed alike.
So they have been in all our tax laws hitherto.
Hollow-ware is exempted, while stoves are not.
If we make this discrimination against stoves
tliey will be increased in price all over the
country.
Mr. DARLING. The gentleman will ob-
serve wo have already taken the tax off the
castings that go into the stoves, so if we now
take the tax off the stoves there will be no tax
at all.
Mr. MOORHEAD. The revenue tax from
stoves and hollow-ware last year was $279,031,
the largest portion being from stoves. I wish
the committee to understand this.
Mr. MYERS. I wish to say that was the
revenue from stoves and hollow-waro, and the
largest part camc from hollow-waro. If it was
thought proper in former bills that they should
go together, 1 do not sec why, when the tax is
taken off one, it should not be taken off the
other. The man who makes hollow-ware and
stoves will have advantage of the man who
only makes stoves. Everybody will admit that
cheap stoves will be a general blessing.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. EGGLESTON. To accommodate my
friend from Pennsylvania, I move to strike out
the paragraph.
The motion was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Clock trimmings, namely: clock work, clock pillars,
sash fastenings for clocks, winding keys, verges, and
pendulum rods.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I move to strike that
out, and 1 should like to hoar some good reason
why clock trimmings should be exempted.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I oppose
that amendment, and I will state as a reason
why these parts of a clock should be exempted,
that the clock itself is taxed.
Mr. THAYER. Is the committee willing to
carry that out to its logical consequences 1
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. As far
as it is proper.
Mr. DEMING. I move to strike out the
last word. I am somewhat familiar with the
articles enumerated in this paragraph. The
principal part of these articles are mado in my
district. Each separate patentee of a clock
requires different articles of this kind. They
never enter into the market. They are made
for different patentees. They go into the clock
and the clock is taxed, and the Commissioner
has repeatedly held that these articles should
be exempted from taxation because they do
not go into the market, but are made for the
patentees.
Mr. DODGE. These articles compose those
clocks which go ticking all over the West.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I am satisfied with the
explanation, and withdraw my amendment.
The Clork read as follows :
Clothing made from materials that have been
assessed and paid a tax, not including articles woven
on frames or knitted.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike that out and insert the following:
Clothing or articles of dress not specially enumer-
ated, made by sewing for use of men, women, or
children, from cloths or fabrics on which a duty has
been paid.
It makes it more definite.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I move to in-
sert "home-made clothing, and articles woven
or knitted for the use of the maker."
Mr. ALLISON. They are exempted now.
All manufacturers are exempted except over
$1,000 a year.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I withdraw my
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Coffee-mills and coffee-grinders and roasters.
Mr. PRICE. I move to insert:
Grinders of coffee, with hand-mills, only by retail
dealers for theirown use where the amountso ground
docs not reach thevaluo of $500 in any one year.
Mr. FARQUHAR. For their own use and
retail.
Mr. PRICE. I accept that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BALDWIN. I move to strike out the
word "and," and after the word "mills" to
insert "apple-paring machines." I believe
this amendment has the consent of the com-
mittee. It seems to me to be a very important
article, one necessary to every family of farm-
ers, and every one who has an apple orchard.
Moreover, many of the articles entering into
its manufacture are already taxed.
The amendment was adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
Copper bottoms for articles used for domestic and
culinary purposes;
Doors, window sash, blinds, frames, and sills of
whatever material;
Drain, gas, and water pipo made of wood, iron,
cement, or any other material.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to insert at the end of the last lino '' sheet lead,
lead pipe, and shot."
Mr. DODGE. Add " bar lead."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The rea-
son for this is, the cost of changing lead into
sheet pipe, or shot is so trifling that there is a
doubt about the tax. In some instances it is
claimed as free by not adding five per cent, to
the value, while in other eases, whore the work
is a little more expensive, it excecds live per
cent. This was reeommended by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the committee to a further amendment
of the last paragraph by adding the words
" metals excepted ;" so that it will read " drain,
gas, and water pipe made of wood, cement, or
any other material, metals excepted."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I accept
the amendment.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to insert after the
word "gas" the word "sewer;" so as to read
"drain, gas, sewer, and water pipe made of
wood," &c.
Mr. ALLISON. That is already exempted
by the law of last year.
Mr. SPALDING. It can do no hurt at all
events.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I call the
gentleman's attention to the fact that fire-brick,
drain tile, ccment, drain and sewer pipes arc
now on the free list.
Mr. SPALDING. Then I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. DODGE. I move to insert after the
word "lead," in the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, the words "bar
lead." They always go together.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I would like to hear
the paragraph read as amended.
The Clork read the amended paragraph as
follows:
Drain, gas, and water pipe, made of wood, iron,
cement, or any other material, metals excepted,
sheet lead, lead pipe, and shot.
Mr. DEMING. I move to add as a new
paragraph: "Envelopes used for inclosing let-
ters and newspapers."
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend the
amendment by adding "and bank checks."
Mr. ALLISON. I hope that will not be
adopted.
Mr. SPALDING. I will withdraw mine,
and I hope the gentleman will withdraw his.
Mr. DEMING. Envelopes enter into uni-
versal use, and it is public policy to increase
their consumption.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
I'rames and handles for saws and buck-saws.
Mr. MYERS. I move to insert after the last
item, as a separate paragraph, "glass hollow-
ware." This ware is not made by machinery,
but, if I may so describe it, by hand and mouth.
And, sir, if this Congress does not hurry along
a little faster, so that we may pass the tariff
bill, our constituents may have to live from
hand to inouth. I hope the amendment will
pass.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I oppose
the amendment, and I hope we may get along
faster.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk road as follows :
Glue and gelatine, of all descriptions, in the solid
state:
Glue and cement mado wholly or in part of glue in
the liquid state ;
Horse-rakes and tedders.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out the word "and" after " horse-
rakes" and to insert the words "horse-pow-
ers;" also to add after the word "tedders"
the words "hames, scythe snaths and hay-
forks. ''
Mr. LONGYEAR. I move to add the word
" hoes."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I accept
that.
Mr. DELANO. I move to add "portable
grinding-mills."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I accept
that.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. DARLING. I move to insert after line
thirty-six the words "hard-wood moldings."
I will simply explain the effect of the present
law on these molders. They are principally
Germans, who are obliged to pay a tax on
their manufactures, while the large cabinet-
makers are exempt from tax on the moldings
they make themselves, and only pay a tax on
the manufactured article. I have a petition in
reference to this subject from a member of
German molders of New York asking this
exemption, as the effect of the present law is
to exempt this article in the hands of the large
manufacturers and entirely destroy their busi-
ness. It seems to be entirely just and proper
that they should be exempt.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out lines thirty-seven and thirty-eight,
as follows:
" Horse-blankets, on which a tax has boon oneo
assessed and paid, when lined, trimmed, or made up
a,nd fitted for use;" and to insert in lieu thereof tho
following:
Horse blankets made fromeloth, on which a tax or
duty has been paid.
I will state that the amendment is merely
verbal, to make the phraseology more concise.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BIDWELL. I move now to strike out
the whole paragraph. If there be a class of
people in the United States who can pay taxes,
those who have these fine blankets for their
horses can afford to do it. I am willing to do
it for one.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
oppose the amendment. The blanket itself
has paid a tax. This refers to the mere trim-
