62
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 19,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Ward.
39th Cong....2d Sess.
sons born in the United States or duly naturalized.
Any male citiien above the asre of twenty-one years
shall be competent to be elected to act as delegate
to said convention.
The fourth section of the bill provides that
no person shall be debarred from exercising
the right of suffrage on account of having been
convicted of any crime.
Now, what is the effect, I ask you, of these
provisions? Why, sir, in the first place every
man who ever committed manslaughter, rape,
arson, or burglary, and was thus rendered
infamous and disfranchised by a judgment of ]
conviction, is to be a prominent and qualified ■
voter in the reconstruction of these States, j
And not only that. There is the temptation j
held out in the proviso to the sixth section to j
every man in the confederate States to commit
perjury. The man who went into the rebel-
lion from interested motives, or a mere camp
follower, may take this oath, while the man
who thought he had a right to secede and who
fought honestly and manfully to carry out that
idea will not take it, because he cannot do so
truly; he will not perjure himself. You will [
catch all who will swear falsely, and you will i
lose all who have integrity enough to swear
truthfully.
In addition to that, what do you get under
the suffrage regulations of this bill? You get
the votes of all the negroes, the votes of men
who have learned the science of self-govern-
ment in the school of slavery for nearly two
hundred years. You get the convicts of the
penitentiary, all of the jail-birds and unpar-
doned scoundrels who prey upon society, the
men who would perjure themselves by swear-
ing they were opposed to the cause for which
they were fighting; and this is what the distin-
guished gentleman from Pennsylvania calls a
Eevfect Republic. All of the people who have
onesty enough to say what they are and what
they have been, are disfranchised. And this is
the perfection of a Republic in the estimation
of the distinguished Pennsylvanian.
But how does the thing work if you look at
it a little further? The constitution is to be
made in this manner: Congress is to elect
three commissioners who are to select judges
of election ; and I suppose they will select them
without distinction of race or color—bound to
do it. I suppose that they will be guilty of a
violation of the sentiment which seems to pre-
vail in this House if they make any distinction
as to race or color in the judges. I suppose
the judges must be loyal, and of'course they will
be of the colored race. Now, these gentlemen
sit there as judges of the election with the Army
of the United States at their back to keep
the peace at the polls, as gentlemen say. Sir.
we have had some of these peace-makers at
the polls in Kentucky, and God forbid that we
should ever see such peace-makers again.
They were put at the polls for base and infa-
mous partisan purposes ; they were put there
to disfranchise the free, qualified voters of my
State.
Now, these negro judges will sit and hold this
election, backed by the United States Army.
That is rather an elevated position for the new-
made freedman ; the habeas corpus suspended,
martial law proclaimed, the Army at the back
of the negro conducting an election to recon-
struct States. [Laughter.] I suppose the
Freedmen's Bureau men will have something
to do with it as it progresses. Now, look at
it. Congress finding the negro incapable of
self-government, passes an act creating the
Freedmen's Bureau to govern him. Congress
controls the Freedmen's Bureau, the Freed-
men's Bureau governs the negro, and the negro,
with the United States Army at his back, gov-
erns the white men, [laughter;] and this is
what the gentleman is pleased to call a perfect
Republic. [Laughter.]
Why, sir, I hope J may be pardoned for al-
luding to a caricature that I once saw. It was
a picture of an old lady flourishing a broom-
stick over the head of her husband, with a negro
in the background holding a dog by the neck,
and flourishing an uplifted lasli, with these
words issuing from the mouth of the darkey:
" Missus whips massa, massa licks me, and so
you infernal dog I gib you dedebbil." [Great
laughter.] Congress backs the Freedmen's
Bureau, the bureau backs the darkey, and the
negro gives the white man the devil, [renewed
laughter;] and this is your perfect Republic 1
But gentlemen undertake to say, when this
constitution is thus formed and presented to
Congress, Congress are to pass upon it, and say
whether they will approve it or not, or whether
they will make it over again. Do gentlemen
assume that Congress has power to make a
constitution for a State or Territory either?
I deny it. There is not a vestige of authority
for it anywhere. There is not a line in the
Constitution, which is the great charter, that ij
authorizes Congress to make a constitution for
a State. The States have the right to make
their own constitutions, to alter or amend the
same as they please. Congress only has the j
power to guaranty to the States republican i
forms of government; and if you confer this i
power upon the negroes of the ten States it is
very likely they will exercise it in their own
way.
Now, the gentleman from Pennsylvania really
contemplates that at some future day in the dim
distance these people of the seceded States are
to be restored. Suppose that Cuffy, when he
comes to make a constitution, shall think bet-
ter of his former master, and should happen
not to hate him so bitterly as the author of this
bill seems to do, and shall make a constitution
declaring that all of the white men over twen-
ty-one years of age shall vote without being
naturalized, will you reject his constitution on
that account? Why, sir, how long, I would like
to know, do gentlemen propose to keep these
people of the seceded States out ? How long
do you think it is necessary to keep them in a
state of bondage before they will learn to love
the authors of their oppression and graduate
in loyalty and the science of self-government?
The r^le adopted in regard to the negro is,
that he is eminently qualified and has learned
to be perfectly fitted for freedom by a proba-
tion of two hundred years in slavery. Do you
propose to hold the white population of these
ten States in a preparatory state for two hun-
dred years? Or how much short of that will
you stop? You intend finally to restore them;
you think that having felt the chains of bond-
age around his neck and the manacles upon
his wristthewhite man there will have learned
to love a Government which should owe its
strength to the approbation and consent of
those governed by it. You propose to teach
him to love the Government by smiting him
through that Government; you undertake to
make him loyal by persecuting him. You un-
dertake to punish a man who has been par-
doned for all his political sins; and this is the
perfection of a republic.
Now, I am glad the. gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] proposes at some time
to restore these people. I am one of those
who think that the longer a man is free the
more capable he becomes of being free and
exercising the rights of a freeman; and the
longer you keep a man in bondage, the more
likely he is to remain in bondage and the less
capacity he is likely to acquire to throw off his
bondage. When a man is free I am in favor
of keeping him free. But these gentlemen here
say that at some future time they intend to let
these people come back.
There was a man who once came to my
neighborhood and preached what he called the
doctrine of restoration in reference to a better
and higher world. He said that all sinners
would finally be restored to the enjoyment of
paradise, and be permitted to walk the streets
of the New Jerusalem; but he said they would
first have to go to the place of perdition, the
pit that burns with fire and brimstone, and
stay there until they had expiated all their
sins. An old rfian who was present and heard
him, one who was noted more for his straight-
forward and blunt language than for his piety,
got up and said: " Why, brother, after I have
been in that sulphur and fire burning long
enough to have all my sins burned out of me,
don't you think I would be a d d pretty
singe cat to go to heaven?" [Great laughter.]
And that is what the gentleman is pleased to
call a perfection of the Republic.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I would
like to ask the gentleman if the preacher
Nasby lives in his district? [Laughter.]
Mr. WARD, of Kentucky. I have always
understood that he came from Indiana. [Roars
of laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, the proposition under consid-
eration not only proposes to dissolve the Union,
but it proposes to dissolve it prospectively and
indefinitely: it not only proposes to break up
the Union now, but it proposes to lay the foun-
dation for breaking it up indefinitely hereafter.
It is assumed that the majority of Congress can
do pretty nearly everything. I thought when
I came here, having occasionally read the Con-
stitution of my country, that the Constitution
of the United States, like the fiat of the Great
Creator of the universe, who, when He divided
the sea from the land, said to the sea " Thus far
shalt thou come, and no further"—I thought the
Constitution of the United States absolutely re-
stricted the power of legislation; yet some gen-
tlemen here seem to think they can do almost
everything. They assume that they can not only
expel ten States from the Union at one blow,
but also lay the foundation for their indefinite
exclusion at the pleasure of the majority of any
future Congress.
There is a provision in this very bill which says
that if the right of suffrage and any other rights
be in any manner restricted or denied by any of
these States to the negro then that State shall be
excluded from its representation upon the floor
of Congress. Is it possible that such a pre-
cedent as that is to be established here? Sup-
pose that the majority should be the other
way, and not be, as it is now, in favor of New
England and New England ideas. New Eng-
land is now the largest slave-owner in the
world, and under your tariff system all of the
other States are her tributaries. These south-
ern States are not considered republican in
form because they once held slaves. And
New England leads the van in this war upon
the southern people. Yet New England to-
day claims to own ten or twelve million white
slaves ; and the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Stevens] says she obtained them by
conquest. Now, is it possible that a free re-
public can fight to make ten or twelve mil-
lion people slaves and still be a free Gov-
ernment? Can a republic make ten or twelve
millions of its own citizens slaves by con-
quest? No, sir; to do that would be simply
an act of suicide. Suppose, then, that there
should be a majority here that would differ
with the present majority in this House; and
suppose they should undertake to say that New
England, having at this particular juncture of
affairs claimed to be the owner of ten or twelve
million white people, and, therefore, her gov-
ernment was not republican in form, and there-
fore that a majority in Congress should say,
" You must walk out!" that Congress would
have as much right to turn her six States out as
you have to say these ten southern States are
out now.
I ask gentlemen to pause before they indulge
in this kind of legislation. What are to be its
effects upon the country? You undertake to
hold these people in bondage, at an expense of
one, two, or three hundred million dollars per
annum. You establish a system of martial
law. I believe the estimates of the Army and
Navy reach about one hundred million dollars
for the current year. If you carry out your
