1867.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
39th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Trimble.
Ho. of Reps.
system of martial law and suspension of the
habtas corpus and your negro governments at
the South, you will need at least $250,000,000
annually. I ask you whether the toiling
millions of this nation are prepared to pay
$250,000,000 perannum for the exceedinggreat
luxury of holding our own countrymen in bond-
age, and this, too, while a national debt ol'about
three thousand million dollars is hanging like
a millstone round the nation's neck, and the
people already overburdened with taxation to
pay it? Can this scheme be carried out in the
critical condition and peculiar character of the
currency? What sort of a currency have you?
About three hundred million dollars of the circu-
lation of the national banks, based upon what?
Simply upon the nation's promises to pay, the
interest which the Government pays upon its
bonds being the only metal that enters into the
arrangement. Three hundred million dollars of
circulation, and a few pitiful thousands npon
which to sustain it! Why, sir, here you have a
pyramid inverted, with an exceedingly narrow
apex. What upholds it? Nothing but the
atmosphere of popular confidence in the public
credit. Carry out your revolutionary schemes;
pursue your experiments with the liberties of
the white people of this country, at the expense
of two or three hundred million dollars per
annum, and I ask you how the people can be
expected to have confidence in your credit.
Suppose this fabric topples over, what becomes
of the Government securities? Your bonds
become worthless; all the material interests of
the country are damaged and almost destroyed.
Yet gentlemen are asking us to pass this bill
under the idea that it makes the Government
a perfected Republic.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to this
whole system of legislation which has for its
object retaliation and vengeance. The nation
cannot afford to indulge.in it. It is too expen-
sive, not only in money, but it may cost the
whole nation its safety. I implore gentlemen
to abandon it. It is said by the distinguished
gentleman who proposes this bill that, if we
regard this measure as one of punishment,
these people have deserved it. Gentlemen are
all the time saying that treason must be made
odious. They cling to the idea of punishment.
It seems to me that war—a civil war like that
through which we have passed—brings its own
punishment. What more do you want than
the punishment which the war ha3 inflicted?
The commerce of the southern people has
been destroyed; their towns and cities hare
been burned; their fields desolated and stained
with blood; wives have been widowed and chil-
dren made orphans; and amid the desolation
they are threatened with famine and crying for
bread. Yet gentlemen say, "Revenge, cru-
cify, punish—still punish."
"Alas, for the rarity
Of Christian charity
Under the sun I"
These children cry for bread, and you give
them vengeance. You not only refuse to feed
the body—you absolutely refuse to feed their
minds. A few days ago there was passed in
this House a resolution denying to the States
lately engaged in the rebellion the scrip that
was appropriated by Congress to educate the
children. "God said, 'Let there be light!' "
but this House says, by its vote, "Let dark-
ness prevail! " You are in favor of darkness,
because you shut out intellectual light. You
propose to "make treason odious" by punish-
ing the poor children and shutting the light of
education from their minds. I ask gentlemen
whether they expeflt to restore the union by
such legislation. Why, this is only one speci-
men of it. In my own State, and in the other
border States, commissioners have been ap-
pointed by this Government to value the slaves
that were enlisted in the Army of the United
States. By a bill which has recently passed
both Houses of Congress those commissioners
are to be suspended in the exercise oftheir func-
tions, the money is to be held, and the obliga-
tion, I suppose, finally repudiated. It seems
to me repudiation—nothing but repudiation;
although this House, in conjunction with the
Senate, originally passed a law, before the
negroes were enlisted, proposing to pay their
former masters for them, they did it by solemn
enactment, and afterward, at the last session
I believe they reenacted the law and said it
should be paid to the loyal owners. But now
what have you done ? When you want to up-
hold the nation's credit, when you want to
restore the confidence of the public, you set
the example of repudiation. A great nation
cannot preserve its respectability among na-
tions unless it pays all of its just debts. " Pay
what thou owest" is the law of God and the
law of the land. The nation ought to pay,
and ought not to Bet the example of repudia-
tion. I warn gentlemen on that subject. If
you expect the people to be satisfied with the
Government and uphold it, if you will make it
strong and make peace permanent, you must
not commence by repudiating what you owe
the people of certain States and then turn
round and tax them for what is due to you.
You must pay all justly and fairly, or else re-
pudiate all. The laws of the land must be
executed fairly and justly; and I hope this
House will reconsider that subject, and in
some shape reassert its purpose to pay what it
owes our people whose slaves enlisted in the
Army.
Mr. Speaker, I have experienced some diffi-
culty in making myself heard on account of
severe cold and hoarseness; but I felt con-
strained by an imperative sense of duty to en-
ter my solemn protest against the passage of
this bill, believing as I do that if the provisions
of this measure and others now pending in
this Congress of a similar character be carried
out the nation's credit must be destroyed, the
Government securities rendered worthless, and
the stability of the Government rendered so
uncertain that capital will seek a safer place of
investment, and I greatly fear that our free
Republic, of which we have all felt so proud,
will be converted into a military despotism at
no distant day.
Mr. Speaker, I promised to give my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Le Blond] a few minutes of
my time, which I now cheerfully yield to him.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. L. S. TRIMBLE,
of kentucky,
In the House of Representatives,
January 21, 1867.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 543) to provide for restoring to the States
lately in insurrection their full political rights—
Mr. TRIMBLE said:
Mr. Speaker : If I know the feelings of my
own heart, I entertain a sincere and honest de-
sire to see a thorough restoration of all the
States to all their rights under the Constitution.
I am in favor of peace, and wish to see every
interest of the couotry prosper. I believe
"Peace hath her victories
No less renowned than war."
More glorious because they are bloodless,
deriving their highest luster from the numbers
saved instead of slain. Hence I am not in
favor of the passage of the bill now under con-
sideration or the substitute of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens ;] for I be-
lieve under them we cannot have peace, that
under them every right of the States and every
right of the citizens of those States embraced
by their provisions will be trampled under foot.
The bill declares, in the first place, that the
tea States of the South are out of the Union,
denies them representation upon this floor or
a voice in their State governments, and pro-
poses to establish in lieu of the governments
now in those States governments to be set up
and put in operation by Congress, through the
agency of commissioners and military despots
with no responsibility to the people, disfran-
chising a large portion of the people of that
section. The most intelligent and best citizens
are to be reduced to serfs. I ask where is the
authority, where is the power, under the Con-
stitution of the United States to so treat these
people?
The people of the South attempted to get
out of the Union by and through secession;
did they succeed? Was secession triumphant,
and did they, by the act of secession, dissolve
the Union ? If they did not, then will this Con-
gress, and by this very act break up the Union
and place the people of the South where they
could not place themselves by secession or by
revolution ? The illegal and unconstitutional
acts of the northern States, with the attempt
on the part of the southern States to establish
a government of their own, did not and cannot
dissolve the Union. This unnecessary and
cruel war cost this Government six thousand
millions at least of treasure and an amount of
blood unparalleled in the history of human
warfare. But that did not take them out of
the Union. But, sir, if this bill shall become
a law, in my opinion it will bring upon the
country another civil war with all its direful
consequences; and I fear it may cost us as much
blood and treasure as the late unfortunate
struggle, ending in a total disruption of the
Union and loss of the liberties of the people.
I ask members to pause and reflect before pass-
ing this act. The step once taken it may never
be in your power to recall it, and I appeal to
you to stay your hands, do as you would have
others do unto you, and give to these people
the rights you claim for yourselves, to which
they are equally entitled under the Constitu-
ti.on.
Now, sir, under what authority, under what
clause in the Constitution, do you find any war-
rant for this bill? Not even under the consti-
tutional amendment that is now pending and
unaccepted as yet by the people—neither can
it be, giving it the votes of all the northern
States—can you find a shadow of authority or
justice for the monstrous provisions contained
in this bill. In the first place it puts upon trial
ten States of this Union, arraigns them at the
bar of Congress, adjudges them guilty of high
crime, and denies them all rights, including
those that are inalienable.' They are not heard;
they have no representation here; they have
not the benefit of counsel, no one to plead their
cause. By this act you dissolve their con-
nection with the Government of the United
States, blot them out of existence as freemen,
and degrade them to the condition of negro
Commonwealths.
The war did not destroy the States. It was
carried on by the Government, as you sol-
emnly declared, for the avowed purpose of
maintaining the Union and preventing dis-
union, to preserve the national authority
throughout the entire country, to enforce
obedience on the pan of the revolted States to
the Constitution and the laws passed in pursu-
ance thereof. It was so declared in the cele-
brated Crittenden resolution; it was so de-
clared by Congress again and again; it was so
declared by President Lincoln and Secretary
Seward. It was expressly declared and reiter-
ated by every speaker in the land who advo-
cated the war that the sole purpose and object
of the war was to maintain the Union, not to
dissolve and break it up and by it to crucify
the States and State constitutions. Without
that declared purpose I do not believe the
support that was given to it could have been
wielded in the manner that it was.
Besides, Congress has recognized these States
as States from the beginning of the struggle up
to the present hour. The very bill that I have
before me, and the substitute of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, characterizes them as
