1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1433
ming of the blanket. The material itself has
paid a tax.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk I'ead as follows:
Leather of all descriptions, and goat, calf, kid,
Mieep, horse, hog, and dog skins, tanned or partially
tanned, curried, finished or in the rough.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend that paragraph by inserting after the
word "goat," in the first line, the word "deer."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I move now to strike
out the entire paragraph.
Mr. Chairman, I apprehend from the man-
ner in which we are making appropriations of
money almost every day that the Government,
when it comes to pay, will want to have some
funds coming into the Treasury wherewith to
make payments. I am very anxious at the
same time to relieve the industry of the coun-
try as much as possible, but when 1 see a
branch of manufacturing from which we col-
lected last year a revenue of §4,000,000 placed
on the free list, it strikes me with amazement
that the committee should have proposed this
exemption. There is no other branch of man-
ufacturing from which so large an amount of
revenue can be collected at so small an expense
to the Government.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from New York to the
fact that we collected from these articles last
year §5,384,000.
Mr. HUMPHREY. Very well; so much
the better. The number of tanners and cur-
riers is comparatively small in view of the im-
mense amount of business that is done, and
hence there is very little expense to the Gov-
ernment in collecting this money. This yields
an immense revenue, and it not only does that,
but that revenue is derived from an article that
goes into universal consumption, so that the
whole community, without any oppression or
any invidious distinction between any classes
or interests, pays something toward this
$5,000,000.
I hope that we shall not put this immense
source of revenue into the free list. There are
thousands of other articles of manufacture that
much better deserve encouragement, and much
better deserve to be put on the free list than
this, which not only affords an immense rev-
enue to the Government, but which, I undertake
to say, for the last four years has afforded a
larger profit to the men who are engaged in it
than any other pursuit except it may be, per-
haps, the manufacturing of cotton and woolens
in some of the New England factories. I be-
lieve this would be most unjust to the articles
not exempted, and most unwise so far as the
great object is concerned of obtaining revenue
in the cheapest possible manner to the Govern-
ment, and of obtaining it in such a way as shall
work no injustice to any particular class of the
community, or any particular interest in the
community.
I hope the committee will examine this mat-
ter and will strike out this paragraph. It seems
to me that we ought to do it, and I hope it will
be done.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I think if anything is to be exempted
it should be leather. Nothing enters into the
consumption of the people so generally and
nothing is so important to their welfare. I
hope the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. "WILLIAMS. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word of
the paragraph proposed to be striken out. I
hope, on the other hand, that the amendment
will be adopted. I confess 1 have found great
difficulty in ascertaining or determining how
it is that an interest of thia sort, so prosper-
ous, and which I believe has never been com-
plaining, and which yields.so largely to the
revenue of the country, should be singled out
as a special object of favor while others equally
important, as iron, for instance, in some of its
coarser forms, should be still subject to taxa-
tion.
I Now, sir, the proceeds of the tax on this
! article are, as has been stated by the gentle-
j man from Iowa, nearly five and a half million
i dollars, and, as he very well suggests, may
j amount to $7,000,000 this year. I believe the
| idea of the Committee of Ways and Means
was that we could spare some thirty or forty
millions of the revenue heretofore raised by
internal taxation. A reduction to that amount
is, as I understand, proposed in this bill.
But, why should one favored article alone
receive the benefit of one fifth, one sixth, or
one seventh of this reduction? It seems to
me that the relief ought to be distributed,. At
any rate we should be furnished with some
reason why this article is to be so specially
favored.
Mr. LAFLIN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words "tanned or
partially tanned." Mr. Chairman, I am op-
posed to the amendment offered by mycolleague,
[Mr. Humphrey.] If I correctly understand
the matter, all these tax bills proceed upon the
principle that the tax imposed upon each
article comes eventually out of the consumer;
Hence, the argument of my colleague with
reference to the prosperity of this branch of
business falls to the ground. The question
which we have to consider is, who actually pays
this tax ?
This is an article the taxation upon which
comes home directly to every person in the
community, whether rich or poor. The man
who is worth millions wears out no more leather
than the poor laboring man whose daily wages
are a dollar or a dollar and a half. If the
principle which I have enunciated is correct,
Congress owes'it to the toiling men of the
country to relieve them as far as possible of
every species of taxation. I hope the amend-
ment will not be adopted.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman's prop-
osition is correct that this tax comes out of the
consumer, why are the manufacturers here
clamoring to be relieved from it ?
Mr. LAFLIN. I said that that was the
principle on which the bill was based. I with-
draw my amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HOGAN. Mr. Chairman, I renew the
amendment. I wish to say that the Committee
of Ways and Means thoroughly examined this
question in all its bearings. It is true that the
diminution of revenue resulting from the ex-
emption of this article will be large; but we
contemplated a reduction of taxation to a cer-
tain extent, and we knew no single article in
which the masses of the community were so
much interested as in the article of leather.
Every man, every woman, every child in the
country wears boots or shoes. Leather is used
also in harness and in saddles of all kinds.
It is used in every portion of the country and
by everybody. If we are to enact an exemp-
tion of taxation for the benefit of the masses
how can we perform so good a service as by
taking off this tax on leather?
Mr. HUMPHREY. I can answer the gen-
tleman. By taking the tax from cotton cloth,
which everybody wears.
Mr. HOGAN. Everybody does not dress
horses in cotton cloth. [Laughter.]
Mr. HUMPHREY. Everybody does not
own a horse to wear harness.
Mr. HO GAN. Why, Mr. Chairman, you can
accomplish nothing in the world without leather.
[Laughter.] The committee, deeming this arti-
cle one of the most important with regard to
the universality of its use, have deemed it wise
that it should be exempted entirely. The com-
mittee were of opinion that the sooner we could
reduce taxation to the smallest possible num-
ber of articles the bettevit will be. Several of
the large classes of manufactures will still pay
large amounts of taxes. But as to the article
of leather, which is used by everybody, the
committee thought this exemption should be
made. I hope that the Committee of the
! Whole will coincide in this particular with the
Committee of Ways and Means. I withdraw
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Chairman, I renew the
amendment. Like the gentleman from Mis-
souri, _[]\Tr. Hogax.] I believe also in leather.
But, sir, I did not intend to say a single word
on this matter, and I should not do so now,
but that I have been appealed to by several
members around me to state what I know in
reference to this question.
Now, sir, I have been a manufacturer of
leather almost all my life; and I think that I
know about the business sufficiently to talk
understanding^ upon it. But I would not
claim exemption for that article, so far as I am
concerned, upon any other ground than that
which the committee place it upon; for I do
not believe that the exemption would promote
the interests of the manufacturer any more
than it would the interests of the public. The
committee will bear me- witness that I have
never said a single word to them upon this
subject, and asked for a reduction because it
was a hardship to the manufacturer. I have
never asked for any reduction upon any other
ground than as a relief to the consumer. If
the committee are right in saying that it is the
duty of the Government to relieve the people
of the burdens of taxation first upon all arti-
cles of general consumption, then surely they
are justified in putting leather upon the free
list; for you cannot name any article in more
general use with all parties, the poor and the
rich, men, women, and children.
Mr. ALLISON. I would like my friend
from Massachusetts, as a manufacturer of
leather, to inform us whether the effect of
taking off this tax would be to reduce the price
of leather.
Mr. ALLEY. Yes, sir; the effect would be
to reduce the price of leather just to the amount
of the tax and no more.
I have always contended, as the committee
well understand, that this tax comes out of the
consumer. I have always told all the manu-
facturers who have appealed to me—and most
of them believe that this tax comes out of them—
that they have never paid a dollar of it; that it
comes out of the consumer. For this reason,
if the Government can spare the amount of
revenue which has been derived from this arti-
cle, I am rather in favor of the tax being taken
off; not that I believe this will promote in the
slighest degree the interests of the tanners. I
believe that those with whom I have conversed
will all bear me witness that I have uniformly
expressed my belief that these taxes come out
of the consumer.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Humphrey] is mistaken in,
saying that there has been no complaint on this
subject. There has been great complaint from
the manufacturers. They have sent to this
House numerous petitions, some of which I
have myself presented. From me the manu-
facturers have invariably received the reply that,
while I did not believe the tax affected their
interests, I was in favor of its being taken off
because it affected the consumer; and this arti-
cle of leather enters into the consumption of
everybody in the country.
So far as regards the manufacturers, there
is only one reason in favor of the^ removal or
abatement of the tax, and that I think the com-
mittee will agree is a forcible one. It is that
under the present tax the manufacturers are
prevented from importing any leather what-
ever. They pay a duty of ten per cent, on
hides, and then manufacture them into leather
and pay a tax of five per cent, on the manu-
factured article, thus precluding the possibility
of any export of leather to foreign^ countries.
Previously to the imposition of this tax, and
prior to the increase of duty on hides, which
was formerly five per cent., the leather manu-
facturers made considerable exports. But now
I believe not a single dollar's worth of leather
is exported ; if any is exported the amount is
very small.
In regard to the remark of the gentleman
that this interest is exceedingly prosperous,
let me say 
