64
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 21,
Ho. op Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Trimble.
39th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
States. Congress by the act of the 4th of
March, 1862, so recognized them, and to-day
this House recognizes that act, as follows :
"Thatfrom and after the 3d day of March, 1863. tho
number of members of tho Ilonse of Representatives
of the Congress of the United Statesshall be two hun-
dred and forty-one, and the eight additional mem-
bers shall be assigned one each to Connecticut, Ohio,
Kentucky, Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota, Vermont, and
Rhode Island, approved March 4,1862."
Fixing two hundred and forty-one as the
number of members of this House, Only one
hundred and ninety-one hold seats here. Thus
admitting by the law, as it now stands, that
South Carolina is entitled to four Representa-
tives, North Carolina to seven, Virginia to
eight, Mississippi to five, Alabama to seven,
Arkansas to three, Louisiana to five, Florida
to one, Georgia to seven, and Texas to three;
but by your action overriding this law and
the great constitutional right of representation.
This act declares that the lower House of Con-
gress shall consist of two hundred and forty-
one members ; we have upon this floor to-day
less than that number by fifty. Besides this,
you were fearful the President would not send
this amendment to the southern States, and you
passed a resolution instructing the President
of the United States or your clerk to send to
each of the States of this Union the proposed
Amendment to the Constitution for their ap-
proval. No one has ever yet declared here,
so far as the action of the southern States is
concerned, any objection to their ratifying
amendments that suit the purposes and objects
of the party in power.
If I recollect, during the last session of this
Congress in the midst of a speech of some gen-
tleman, (I believe the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, who was arguing at that time these
States were dead,) he was stopped while a tele-
gram was read from the Governor of Alabama
announcing the pleasing intelligence to the
majority here that that State had passed the
constitutional amendment and desired to be
counted as the twenty-seventh State. That
was received by members all over the House
with plaudits and cheers, thus recognizing the
right of the State of Alabama to pass upon
this question. And the same doctrine was
enunciated to the country upon the adoption
of that amendment by the State of Alabama.
So all the time throughout the discussion
and excitement upo/i this question, the south-
ern States have been recognized as States.
Why Louisiana, Tennessee, and other States
had Representatives upon this floor long after
the outbreak of the war; and the distinguished
gentleman who now occupies the White House
was a Senator from the State of Tennessee,
and was nominated by the party in power as
Vice President while the war was in progress.
If those States are out now, Tennessee was
certainly out then. You are committed, in my
judgment, to the doctrine that these States
have never been out of the Union. And I
defy your power to put them out in the man-
lier proposed.
I take it that if there is any constitutional
authority or power anywhere to pass this bill,
it is to be found in the Constitution itself, and
not in the last amendment proposed that is
now pending ; because I suppose no one will
claim or assert here that that amendment as
it now stands has passed; It is defeated as it
stands before the people of the United States
to-day. To ratify it requires the vote of three
fourths of the State Legislatures. It has been
submitted to all the States. The existence of
the southern States as members of this Union
has been recognized by the Executive and by
Congress, and cannot be denied successfully
before the Supreme Court of the United States,
or any other tribunal in the United States,
in my opinion. It has not received the sanc-
tion of enough States to entitle it to become
the organic law of the land. If it had, this
bill would be in plain and direct violation of
that amendment itself, because that amend-
ment declares that "all persons born or natur-
alized in the United States, and subject to the
jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United
States and of the States wherein they reside,"
and that " no State shall make or enforce any.
law which shall abridge the privileges or immu-
nities of any citizen of the United States," <fcc.
That is the amendment; but this bill pro-
poses to disfranchise three fourths of all the
white people of the South and degrade them to
the position of slaves, denying them a voice in
the affairs of their States or to be represented
in the councils of the nation. I say that this
bill is a plain violation of that amendment of
the Constitution, because under this bill all
persons are disfranchised who come within the
provisions which I will now read. It is as fol-
lows :
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That all persons
wh oon the4thday of March, 1861, were of full ase who
held office, either civil or military, under the govern-
ment called the "confederate States of America," or
who swore allegiance to said government, are hereby
declared to haveforflKted their citizenship and to have
renounced allegiance to the United States, and shall
not be entitled to exercise the elective franchise, or
hold office, until five years after they shall have filed
their intention or desire to be reinvested with the
right of citizenship, and shall swear allegiance to the
United States and renounce allegiance to all other
Governments or pretended governments.
Who, I ask, can vote under this clause ? Can
any honest native of the South ? The object
and purpose of this last constitutional amend-
ment was to prevent the disfranchisement of
the black race or to endow them with the right
of suffrage. But the object and purpose of this
bill is to give the right of suffrage to the blacks
and to disfranchise the whites.
Now, if that amendment to the Constitution
is the law for the party in power, and it was the
party cry upon which you went to the country
at the last election, why, I ask, do you come
here now and seek by the provisions of this
bill to disfranchise three fourths or four Qfths
of the white population of the South? Is not
that making a discrimination between races?
But I suppose that that is all right if the dis-
crimination is against white men, in the estima-
tion of the majority here.
What else do we find ? We find that this is
a bill of attainder and an ex post facto law.
By its provisions you try these people, con-
demn, and execute them in their absence. It
not only destroys them as States, but it ruins
them as individuals and deprives them of their
rights as freemen. The constitutional amend-
ment says:
"Nor shall any State deprive any person of life
liberty, or property, without due process of law."
Now, if a State has not the power to do this,
to deprive a citizen of life, liberty, or property
without due process of law, where is there
authority in the Federal Government to thus
deprive the people of the South of the dearest
right of freemen, the right of suffrage ? Sir,
you may take ray land; you may take my
slaves and everything else I possess; but all
that dwindles into insignificance when com-
pared with this monstrous outrage, depriving
me of the inalienable right of the American
citizen, the right of suffrage. In God's name
leave me a freeman not a slave!
What does this bill do further ? It fixes the
conduct of elections in the hands of the mili-
tary and of commissioners appointed by Con-
gress. It overrides that provision of the Con-
stitution of the United States which declares
that—
"The House of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen every second year by the people
of the several States, and tho electors in each State
shall have the qualifiacations requisite for the most
numerous branch of the General Assembly."
The right of the people to manage their own
affairs by means of State organizations is one
of the rights which in my judgment never was
surrendered to the Federal Government. And
the only power possessed by Congress or by
the executive department is the power ex-
pressly delegated by the Constitution itself.
The Constitution says:
"All powers not deleaatcd by the States to the Uni-
ted States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to
the States, arc reserved to tho States respectively or
to the people."
When did the States of Virginia, North Car-
olina, South Carolina, and Georgia, four of the
original thirteen States, surrender, by consti-
tutional amendment or otherwise, to the Fed-
eral Government the right to say who shall be
entitled to the right of suffrage in those States?
They never did surrender that right; and Con-
gress has no such power under the Constitution
of the United States. To do bo will be usur-
pation and despotism.
Sir, is this the sort of government contem-
plated by the Constitution of the United States,
which declares that it shall be the duty of the
Federal Government to protect and defend the
States in the exercise of a republican form-of
government? Is it republican to deprive these
people of the right of suffrage, of any voice in
their local affairs? I ask you further, if it is
just and proper that the people of the South
shall be disfranchised as it is proposed to do
by the provisions of this bill, while the millions
of recently emancipated slaves in that country
should be endowed with the highest title of
sovereignty? Is it fair and right to bestow
this right upon them and deny it to the de-
scendants of Lafayette and Kosciusko who may
come to this country until they shall have been
here five years? Is the freedman better quali-
fied to manage the affairs of this country, than
the intelligent foreigner? If not, then why make
the foreigner go through a schooling or train-
ing of five years before he is endowed with the
right of suffrage, or why should that right be
denied to the free-born white citizen of the
United States?
I have ever believed that the perpetuity, the
very existence of this Government depends
upon the intelligence and patriotism of those
upon which the duty falls of controlling its
destiny through the ballot-box. If you would
preserve the Government in all its purity and
integrity, you should preserve the elective fran-
chise, and place it in the hands of those com-
petent to wield it to the honor and safety and
dignity of the Government. Have we any evi-
dence going to show that we should continue
to prosper under the state of affairs proposed
by this bill, with the ruling classes heretofore
now made subservient to their former slaves,
and the slaves placed in power over them? I
tremble for my country when I contemplate
the possibility of this proposition being carried
into execution. As I already have said, I
appeal to members here to pause before they
commit this fatal mistake, before they make
this stab at the very existence of our Govern-
ment as ordained by our fathers. I desire to
see it protected and perpetuated for all time
in all its justice and purity.
What else do we find in this bill? W6 find
that according to the provisions of this bill
when this Union shall nave been restored its
continuance will depend upon the whim and
caprice of any State. According to this bill
should its provisions be violated by any State
that State is to be sent back to the condition
which it now occupies, the condition of being
virtually out of the Union—taxed, but denied
equality and representation. N ow, is that con-
stitutional, is that in accordance with the ideas
of those great men who ushered into being this
great and glorious Government of ours under
the Constitution? Did th^y ever suppose that
the right of any State in this Union, and
especially of any of the States that made the
Constitution itself, would ever thus be put in
jeopardy? I do not believe it; no sane manor
jurist ever did believe it heretofore.
_ Nor do I believe, Mr. Speaker, that if this
bill ever becomes the law of the land it will
be allowed to remain upon the statute-bock for
twelve months. Whenever reason shall have
