1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
erate States The rebellion was overthrown,
and those States have again become entitled to
have their practical relations with the Federal
Government fully restored. TKeir citizens al-
ways were and to-day continue to be citizens of
the United States. Is that man who has been
pardoned, whose character is pure and un-
blemished, except that he may have held some
office under one of the States of the so-called
confederacy, to be deprived and his family
deprived of his just earnings in the courts of
the United States?
Sir, I cannot dwell upon this point, for I do
not desire to trespass long upon the atten-
tion of the House. But it seems to me that
this legislation was conceived in a spirit of hos-
tility to the people of the South. Who are
these people of the South ? They are the sons
and daughters, and the children of the sons and
daughters of the men who fought side by side
with our fathers to achieve our independence
and establish our Government. They are our
brethren. You and I and our children who
are to come after us for generations are to
live with these people under a common Gov-
ernment, and unite in fidelity and support to
the Constitution of the United. States. Is it
the part of wisdom for us to interpose obstacles
to those friendly relations which ought to exist
between all the citizens of the States?
Mr. Speaker, one or two other words and I
will have said all I intend to say on this sub-
ject. I do not say it out of any disrespect per-
sonally to any gentleman upon this floor, but I
say it nevertheless as my deliberate judgment,
that the principles of the party in power and
to-day controlling the legislative department
of the Government are not in conformity with
the principles of our Constitution and frame
of Government; and in order that they may
successfully establish the principles for which
they are contending to-day they are compelled
to change our Constitution and to invade the
just jurisdiction and prerogatives of the execu-
tive and judiciary.
That is the reason why we find these meas-
ures trenching upon these different depart-
ments of the Government. Sir, a free Gov-
ernment like this can only be maintained by
maintaining the just powers of each department
of the Government. The great danger is to-
day, as it has always been, that this, the more
popular branch of the Government, will invade
and usurp the rights which belong to the other
departments of the Government. You seejhese
things already in the proposed measures in this
House. That august tribunal to whom the
people have always looked with reverence and
respect and confidence; that tribunal which is
-to decide as the last resort the great controver-
sies growing eut of our system of Government
between the States and the people of the differ-
ent States, and to construe and apply the great
principles of our Government; that supreme
tribunal is attacked, and why? Because it has
been faithful while others have been faithless;
because it has had the manhood and independ-
ence to rise above mere partisanship and to
vindicate the great principles of the Constitu-
tion of our fathers. I trust that the Supreme
Court will not be invaded by the proposed
legislation of Congress. I trust it will be left
as it was organized by our fathers, to exercise
the jurisdiction and powers conferred upon it
by the Constitution and laws of the United
States. I believe while that court does exer-
cise and discharge these duties faithfully, if
this bill be passed, it will hold, as it held in
reference to the test-oath, that it is unconstitu-
tional.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, m the remarks
I intend to submit to the House upon this im-
portant question I shall confine myself to the
legal proposition involved. I know, as has
been well remarked by the honorable gentle-1
man who has just taken his seat, we have gone
through a scene of great excitement to get
our rights to be heard, and sir, I know fjie
frailities of human nature are such that all of
us say many things in the heat of extempore
debate we would not say upon mature reflec-
• tion. And let me say, however much we may
be excited in the heat of debate, and how-
ever much we may desire to be heard, or what-
ever we may say for the purpose of what we
believe, we say it in no disrespect to any per-
son who disagrees with us politically on the
other side of the House. We ask no more in
reference to propositions before the House
than that a reasonable time will be allowed to
the members on each side to discuss a question
so new and important in its character for a
limited period.
This bill cannot be legally passed by us for
three reasons. First, there is no authority given
by the Constitution for the legislative branch
of this Government to interfere with the execu-
tive or the judicial branches; for when our
fathers framed the Government, they so con-
stituted it that it should consist of three sepa-
rate and" distinct jurisdictions and powers, to
place the checks and balances in such equipoise
that there would be no infringement of one by
the other.
The three objections to which this bill is liable
are: first, it is an ex post facto law; second, it
is a bill of attainder; and third, it deprives the
citizen in the investigation of his case of the
estimable right of trial by a jury, a right de-
scended to us from Magna Charta of England,
sacred to every American as the palladium of
our liberties.
This bill proposes to punish—because it is
nothing more nor less than punishment—by
preventing a person from exercising a calling
which he had a legitimate right to follow at
the time the offense was committed, for being
engaged in armed hostility to the United States
or for other acts named, unless the penalty
attached to the offender at the time they were
committed, cannot be now used as an excuse
for adding to the punishment thus provided
for. The Supreme Courtof the United States,
in two cases in which that question was pre-
sented, have just clearly and unequivocally
decided and demonstrated that such an act is
unconstitutional. In the eases to which I
refer the court go into a thorough investigation
of the question of ex post facto law and bill of
attainder, and they decide that the refusal to
take the test oath by a person who was engaged
in armed rebellion and was a member of the
legislative branch of the confederate govern-
ment during the time that the rebellion was
going on in the South, could not exclude him
from the exercise of his calling as attorney or
counselor, upon the simple ground, plainly
stated, that it was inflicting upon him a new
punishment by depriving him of a right, taking
from him a privilege which had been lodged in
him by the Constitution and laws of his coun-
try. The court, in the case of ex parte Gar-
land, say:
"The statute is directed against parties who have
offended in any of the particulars embraced by these
clauses. And its object is to excludo them from the
profession of the law, or at least from its practice in
the eourts of the United States, As the oath pre-
scribed cannot be taken by these parties, the act, as
against them, operates as a legislative decree of per-
petual exclusion. And exclusion from any of the
professions or any of the ordinary avocations of life
for past conduct Cfm be regarded in no other light
than as punishment for such conduct. The exaction
of the oath is the mode provided for ascertaining the
parties upon whom the act is intended to operate,
and instead of lessening, increases its objectionable
character. All enactments of this kind partake of
the nature of bills of pains and penalties, and are
subject to the constitutional inhibition against the
passage of bills of attainder, under which general
designation they are included.
"In the exclusion which the statute adjudges it
imposes a punishment for some of the acts specified
which were not punishable, or may not have been
punishable at the time they were committed; and for
other of the acts it adds a new punishment to that
then prescribed, and it is thus brought within the
further inhibition of the Constitution against the
Pf^sage of an ex post facto law. In the case of Cum-
mings against The State of Missouri, just decided, we
have had occasion to consider at length the meaning
of a bill of attainder and of an ex post facto law in the
clauses of the Constitution forbidding tiieir passage
by the States, and it is unncessary to. repeat here
what we there said. A liko prohibition is contained
in the Constitution against enactments of this kind
by Congress; and the argument presented in that
ease against certain clauses of the constitution of
Missouri is equally applicable to the act of Congress
under consideration in this case,"
An attorney or counselor is not an officer of
the United States. It it not an office created
by act of Congress which continues its powers
upon the will of its creator. Attorneys and
counselors are not appointed in the manner
prescribed by the Constitution for the election
and appointment of officers. They are officers
of the court, admitted as such by its order.
Their admission and removal are judicial acts,
and such acts cannot be controlled by Con-
gress without the destruction of that branch of
the Government. (Exparte Garland, page 93.)
Willanybocfy in this House dispute the prop-
osition that this is a punishment for the offense
which is laid down in the bill, of which offense
it claims the persons who may make applica-
tion, or who have already made application,
have been guilty. It d&prives them of the ex-
ercise of a profession and business which may
be their sole dependence, because many men
have nothing but their legal practice to depend
upon for subsistence. It would therefore be a
punishment of a most serious character, indeed
much more so to many than a mere line that
might be imposed by a court or even confine-
ment in a jail upon indictment and conviction.
There is another ground on which this act
is objectionable. It is a bill of attainder,
because it assumes to pronounce upon the
guilt of the person making application to be
admitted to practice without judicial trial.
What is a bill of attainder? It is nothing
more nor less than the conviction of a party
without the ordinary form of judicial trial
which the Constitution of the United States
has thrown around him as security for his life,
property, and personal liberty. This bill, I
say, lodges in the court the right to" convict a
man and to remove him from office for the
high crime of felony, treason, or other offense,
as stated in this bill, without allowing him the
right of trial by a jury of his countrymen to
have the question of his guilt or innocence
fairly and legitimately passed upon. Now, sir,
the Supreme Court has, in the Missouri ease,
decided that the test oath in Missouri is uncon-
stitutional, because it allows a man to be con-
victed upon his own testimony, upon testi-
mony unknown to the common law, upon
testimony unknown to republicanism and lib-
erty, upon testimony not to be submitted to
a jury, but to be submitted merely to those
holding the power by the bill to decide upon
the guilt or innocence of the party.
The court says, in this Garland" case:
" The attorney and counselor being, by the solemn
judicial act of the court, clothed with his office, does.
not hold it as a matter of grace and favor. The right
which it confers upon him to appear for suitors, and
to argue causes, is something moro than a mcro in-
dulgence, revocable at the pleasure of the court, or
at the command of the Legislature. It is a right of
which he can only bfc deprived by the judgment of
the court for moral or professional delinquency.
"The Legislature may undoubtedly prescribe qual-
ifications for the office, with which he must conform,
as it may, where it has exclusive jurisdictiou, pro-
scribe qualifications for the pursuit of any of the
ordinary avocations of life. But to constitute a qual-
ification the condition or thing prescribed must be
attainable in theory, at least, by every one. That
which from the nature of things, or the past condi-
tion or conduct of the parties,.cannot bo attained by
every citizen, does not fail within the definition of
the term. To all those by whom it is unattainable it is
a disqualification which operates as a perpetual bar
to the office. The question in this ease is not as-to
th£ power of Congress to prescribe qualifications, but
whether that power has been exorcised as a means
for the infliction of punishment, against the prohibi-
tion of the Constitution. That this result cannot be
efieeted indirectly by a State under the foi m of cre-
ating qualifications we have held in the caseof Cum-
mings vs. The State of Missouri, and the reasoning
by which that conclusion was reached applies equally
to similar action on the part of Congross."
In the case of Cummings, lately decided by
the United States Supreme Court, the court
say:
"'No StatS shall pass any bill of attainder, ex post
facto law, or law impairing the obligation of eon-
tracts.
"A bill of attainder is a legislative act which in-
flicts punishment without a judicial trial.
" If the punishment be less than death the act is
termed a bill of pains and penalties. Within the
meaning of the Constitution bills of attainder in-
clude bills of pains and penalties. In these cases
the legislative body, in addition to its legitimate
functions, exercises the powers and office of judre;
it assumes, in the language <,| the text-book,;, judi-
