1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1435
mcnt is to provide that where a poor workman
makes billiard-table legs in his own house or
shop for a large manufacturer he also shall not
be required to pay a tax upon the legs.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to oppose the
amendment.
Sir. FARNSWORTH. I move to strikeout
" piano legs,-' for the purpose of saying a word.
It seems to me that it is immaterial how many
taxes are piled on to these articles; for they
are all articles of luxury. My friend says that
the poor people who make these legs for the
large manufacturers have to pay the tax. Now,
sir, that is not so. The consumers, the man
who purchases the piano and the billiard-table
and the man who plays upon them, pay the tax.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I do not
say the workman pays the tax upon the piano
or the billiard-table itself; but I say that where
the legs are made separately the poor work-
men who make them are required to pay a
separate tax upon them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Every cent of the
tax that is put upon these articles is added to
the prices of them when they are sold. There
is no doubt about that. Pianoforte legs and
billiard-table legs that are taxed sell for more
than those that are not taxed, if there are any
such. The articles named in this amendment
are articles of luxury, and no matter if the
taxes upon them are duplicated let him who
plays pay; let him who dances play the fiddler.
[Laughter.] I am in favor of the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,] to
strike out these articles. There are other
things that had much better be put upon the
free list than these; things that enter largely
into the general consumption by the poor men
of the country who cannot afford to buy pianos
or to play billiards. Let us put those things
upon the free list and tax these articles of
luxury.
Mr. DAWES. 1 do not object to enlarging
the free list as suggested by the gentleman
from Illinois to any extent that the revenue
will bear; but I hardly think it is worth while
to pile up a double or treble tax upon any
individual article for the sake of enlarging the
free list by placing upon it these other articles.
This is the first time that I have heard that
doctrine advocated, and I hope that the
amendment will not be adopted ; that these
articles may not be required to pay the tax
twice over.
Mr. BAKER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting the word "sewing-machines.''
I think it altogether more appropriate to ex-
empt those machines than to give a place upon
the free 1 ist to pianos, billiard-tables, and other
articles of luxury.
Mr. DAWES. Nobody asks to put pianos
or melodeons or billiard-tables on the free list;
but you might just as well tax the screws sep-
arately that enter into the piano, and then tax
them again in the piano, as to tax these legs
first as a separate manufacture and again as a .
part of the whole instrument. I go with the j
gentleman to place sewing-machines on the >
free list, but—- !
Mr. BAKER. That is the extent of my
desire in the matter.
Mr. DAWES. When the gentleman makes
that proposition lie'will find me helping him.
Mr. BA KER. If there is any hazard of the
success of placing sewing-machines on the free
list in this way I will withdraw my motion.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman had better do
so, and let the House first decide whether they
want to tax these other articles.
Mr. BAKER. I withdraw it.
Mr. LYNCH. I renew the amendment. I
think, Mr. Chairman, that gentlemen who have
opposed striking out these articles do not un-
derstand the effect of it. As I understand it.
if these articles (the legs of pianos and billiard-
tables) are placed on the free list, they will be
made separately by small manufacturers and
sold to the manufacturer of pianos and bil-
liard-tables. But if you leave them to bear a
double tax, the effect will be that the large
manufacturers will make the legs themselves,
paying only one tax of five per cent, upon the
completed pianos or billiard-tables; while the
men whose business it is to make the legs sep-
arately will be thrown entirely out of employ-
ment.
Here the committee rose informally; and
the Speaker resumed the chair.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, bill of the
House No. 910, granting lands to the State of
Oregon to aid in the construction of a military
wagon-road from Dalles City, on the Columbia
river, to Fort Bois6, on the Snake river; and
bill of the House No. 1130, to amend section
twelve, chapter two hundred and twenty-nine
of the laws of the first session of the l^hirty-
Ninth Congress.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill (S. No. 620) for the relief
of Joshua H. Butterworth, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
ENROLLED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. WELKER, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported' that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
and a joint resolution of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 421) to authorize the con-
struction of a submerged tubular bridge across
the Mississippi river, at the city of St. Louis;
An act (8. No. 581) granting a pension to
Olivia W. Cannon;
An act (S. No. 498) granting a pension to
Mrs. Josephine Slocum;
An act (S. No. 558) for the relief of Mary A.
Smith, of Johnson county, Tennessee, widow
of Alexander D. Smith, deceased;
An act (S. No. 515) granting a pension to
Mrs. Ernestine Becker;
An act (S. No. 556) for the relief of Caroline
McGree, of Greene county, Tennessee, widow
of Lemuel MeGee, deceased; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 171) for the
relief of Martha McCook.
TAX BILL AGAIN.
The Committee of the Whole again resumed
the consideration of the tax bill.
Mr. MAYNxlRD. I move to strike out the
words "billiard-tables." I suppose the facts
are substantially as stated by the two gentle-
men from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes and Mr.
Hooper] who seem to take such an interest in
this matter, that the manufacture of these legs
was formerly the business of one class of crafts-
men, while the manufacture of the completed
table was the business of another class. Now,
I can see no reason why the manufacture of the
legs should not be taxed.
There are a great many manufactures which
are composite in their character, and which
must necessarily include to a greater or less
extent the use of articles which have previously
paid taxes on their manufacture. But these
particular articles will, in the language of legis-
lation, bear "a double tax" very well. As I
have already remarked, billiard-tables are arti-
cles of taste, of luxury, of amusement, if not
of dissipation, and those who use them can
well afford to pay the tax upon them. These
are the very articles that should be taxed, upon
the very theory upon which our system of in-
ternal taxation is said to be based. You tax
heavily the manufacture of whisky, because
the man who wants to drink it will do so whether
he has to pay ten cents or twenty-five cents pet-
glass ; and so you tax cigars heavily, because
the man who smokes will buy them, whatever
the tax may be upon them; and persons of
wealth and leisure who spend their evenings in
billiard-saloons can pay and will pay the tax.
The tax falls upon the billiard-players at last,
and it would be well if we could impose even a
higher tax.
It is very objectionable to me to have these
articles stand in the free list. Their appear-
ance there will be odious in the eyes of the
tax-payers. It will be one of those little
things which wilttender them dissatisfied; not
amounting to much in itself, but like many
of the little ills, vexations, and nuisances of
life, which cause more dissatisfaction than even
more important things.
I withdraw the amendment to the amend-
ment, and hope the whole clause will be stricken
out.
The question recurred upon the motion to
strike from the free list "legs of pianofortes,
melodeons, and billiard-tables."
The motion was agreed to.
The clerk read as follows :
Licorice and licorice paste.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to insert after the clause just read " Magnesiuril
lamps." This is a new lamp used for signal
lights, made with clock work, and constructed
to burn magnesium wire. I hope they will be
put upon the free list.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Manufactures of jute.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out the
words " manufactures of jute," There is an
old interest, but always a struggling one, in
the West, particularly in the States of Missouri
and Kentucky; the growth of hemp for man-
ufacture. As a friend near me suggests, there
might lately have been a great deal of it used
and very properly. And there is a new and
growing interest connected with the flax fiber
in my own State and in all the western States,
with which this jute manufacture comes directly
in competition.
Now I have remarked that there has been a
systematic effort from the very beginning to
bring a pressure to bear upon Congress by
manufacturers of jute and others connected
with the jute interest, which, if it succeeds,
must necessarily cripple and crush out this
interest in the interior of our country. For
instance, when they came upon the tariff ques-
tion in the Senate, they succeeded in getting
the tariff on Russian hemp reduced I believe
from forty dollars to twenty-five dollars per
ton; the tariff on Russian tow reduced from
twenty-five dollars to ten dollars per ton, I
think ; and the tariff on jute from fifteen
dollars to five dollars per ton. I do not know
what the Committee of Ways and Means of
this House have determined to do in relation
to the tariff on these articles, whether to
restore the rates or not.
Now,.not satisfied with these reductions in
the tariff, it is proposed in this bill that all the
manufactures of jute shall be placed upon the
free list, thus striking another blow at the pro-
duction and manufacture of hemp and flax
textiles in this country.
Now, let mc state a fact in regard to the
production of flax fiber alone in this country
of which gentlemen may not be aware. The
production has increased from 1860, when it
was only two thousand tons, until 1866, when,
according to the report, I think, the production
in this country was forty-eight thousand tons.
And it is estimated that there are about thirty
thousand tons of flax straw which is capable of
being manufactured into flax fiber if it had any
protection, and used for manufactures at home,
but which is now thrown away because of the
competition with it of the manufactures of jute.
And there seems to be a disposition here to
encourage whatever is made by eastern manu-
facturers at the expense utterly of western
interests.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I desire to call the
attention of the gentleman from Ohio to sev-
eral of the amendments which the Committee
of Ways and Means have made to the tariff
bill as passed by the Senate. On the class of
articles embracing that now under discussion
the Committee of Ways and Means propose the
following increase of the duties as fixed m the
Senate bill:
On flax unmanufactured, twenty dollars per
ton, instead of fifteen dollars.
On flax hackled, known as dressed line,
forty dollars per .ton, instead of thirty dollars.
