THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Oil Russia hemp, unmanufactured, forty
dollars per ton, instead of twenty-five dollars.
On Manila, Italian, and all other hemps,
unmanufactured, thirty dollars per ton, instead
of twenty-five dollars.
On flax straw, three dollars per ton, instead
of one dollar,
On the tow of flax or hemp, ten dollars per
ton, instead of five dollars.
On jute, unmanufactured, and Sisal grass,
and other vegetable fibers, not otherwise pro-
vided for, fifteen dollars per ton, instead of
five dollars.
Mr. SCRENCK. I am very glad to learn
what the gentleman has just stated. By taking
from the free list the manufactures of jute wc
shall afford some further protection to the
hemp and flax interests of the West. I am
very glad to hear that the Committee of Ways
and Means have done so well on the tariff.
Mr. WENTWORTIT. Mr. Chairman, onco
already this evening I have called the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that, in order to
do justice to the interests of the country, the
tariff bill must be passed as well as this bill.
But for the hope 1 still entertain that we shall
pass the tariff bill, I could not vote for the
proposition of this bill with reference to jute.
If the tariff bill is not to be passed, then the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sciiexck] should prevail. Those gentlemen
who do not intend to vote for the tariff hill
ought to vote against the exemption proposed
in this bill. But, Mr. Chairman, I do not yet
despair of the passage of the tariff bill.
The duties placed upon jute, as well as upon
all our agricultural products, have not been
pro])crly regulated in the Senate bill. The
bill as amended by the House committee
places agriculture where it ought to be. The
Committee of Ways and Means have pro-
ceeded upon the assumption that a prosper-
ous agriculture furnishes the best home mar-
ket for manufactures; that there is no way
to build up a home market except by foster-
ing the agricultural interests of the country.
Kelying upon this House to do us justice in
the tariff bill I shall vote against the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, though I
should vote in favor of it if this bill were be-
fore us as an independent measure, uncon-
nected with the tariff,
Mr. ALLISON. 1 move pro forma to amend
the amendment by striking out the last word.
Mr. Chairman, I am in favor of retaining
this item in the exemption list for the reason
that manufactures of jute are assimilated to
the manufactures of flax, though the flax fabric
costs about three times as much as the juie.
But., in addition to this, the manufacture of jute,
as 1 understand, enters largely into carpets,
and when thus manufactured into carpeting
pays a tax. Thus there is a duplication of
taxes. I hope, therefore, that this manufac-
ture will be exempt. It certainly should be,
inasmuch as we exempted the flax fabric last
year.
Mr. GU1SWOLD. If J understand the mat-
ter correctly, the rate upon jute was fixed with
reference to the tariff bill as now proposed,
and if [ am not misinformed the difference in
the duties on unmanufactured jute and that
on the manufactured article, as proposed in the
tariff bill, is five per cent.; the duty on the
raw material being twenty-five per cent., and
on the manufactured article thirty percent. I
submit to the gentleman from Ohio that this is
a difference so little that no one should object
to it.
Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I renew the amendment
to the amendment. I propose to have read,
with the permission of the House, some statis-
tics upon this subject, which will show that this
manufacture at home is not so insignificant as
some gentlemen seem to think. I shall be
content with reading this criticism of a western
paper upon the internal revenue report:
The Clerk read as follows:
"In the report of Commissioner Wells on flax,
hemp, and jute, and his tariff recommendations, he
has ignored the needs of both western manufacturers
and producers of this class of fibers. He has not only
ign-ored their interests, but he has positively mis-
stated or suppressed facts which might materially
affect the projects of eastern manufacturers, the
profits of importers, and the ocean-carrying trade
with India. The relation of the producers and man-
ufacturers of these fibers in the West to the eastern
manufacturers and foreign producers is similar to
that of the seed producers and consumers stated
above.
" Illustrating Mr. Wells's fairness and accuracy, be
states, in substance, that Indian hemp, or jute, is
not analogous to. nor does not compete with, any of
the products of the United States. It is a coarser,
weaker, and far less flexible fiber than that of either
flax or hemp. And yet he asserts that it can be
worked on either hemp, flag, or tow machinery, and
is especially adapted to the manufacture of coarse,
heavy goods, such as gunny-cloth, gunny-bags, bur-
laps, canvas paddings, carpets, yarns, and other sim-
ilar fabrics.
*4Mr. Wells must have been very ignorant indeed,
considering his opportunities for acquiring informa-
tion, it he did not know that jute goods are exten-
sively manufactured in the Bast and in Europe and
sold as flax fabrics in our -markets. He must have
known that there is no imported fiber that comes so
directly and extensively in competition with our flax
and hemp products as jute.
" During the war, the importation of jute, gunny-
bags, and gunny-cloth were interrupted, and an
eastern demand for flax-tow sprung up, which was
supplied, to a considerable extent, by the establish-
ment of mills in the West for the preparation of tow
from the tangled flax straw, hitherto permitted to
rot, or burned on the farms, after threshing the seed
from it. With this product jute and imported jute
goods come directly-in competition in the Ameri-
can market. And the production and manufacture
of hemp is similarly aflectod by these importations.
Jute, as Mr. Wells says, can bo and is manufactured
upon the same machinery as flax and hemp. To
such an extent is it substituted for these fibers in
eastern manufactories as to entirely destroy the
market there for western prepared liax-tow. The
annual waste of flax fiber in the West, resulting from
this want of a paying market for the same, is esti-
mated at thirty thousand tons.
" No one can doubt the ability of the West to sup-
ply all the flax and hemp fiber needed to meet the
demand for the class of goods manufactured from
jute. In 3865, the importations of jute and jute fab-
iich amounted to forty-five thousand seven hundred
and seventy-four tons. Before the war, the State of
Missouri alone produced nineteen thousand tons of
hemp fiber. Kentucky is also a hemp-producing
State. And there is no limit to the amount which
may bo produced in Illinois and other western States,
both of hemp and flax, with adequate encourage-
ment. Already Illinois is laying broad foundations
for its culture; and it only requires a homo market
for thostrawor proparcd liber todcvclop this branch
of husbandry amazingly, and thus diversify and add
to our resources for wealth.
"But with the thirty thousand tons of flax fiber
now wasted in the West, because its consumption is
supplanted by jute—and that is an under rather than
an over estimate—together with the capacity for
increased flax and hemp production which would
develop on call, no existing manufacturing interest
need sutler, no mill need stop, no hand need lie idle,
m consequence of the exclusion of jute from the
country. And since Mr. Wells seems so solicitous for
the development of the manufacturing industry of
the country, we may assure him and Congress that
such protection of the western producer will result
in the development of the westorn manufacture of
home-grown fibrous material in precisely the same
proportion to the demand for public consumption in
this country of these coarse manufactures that the
admission of jute, duty frco, will develop the manu-
facture of that fiber.
"It is simply a question of whether we shall grow
on our uncultivated cheap lands what wc manufact-
ure or not. Mr. Wells and the Senate Finance Com-
mittee seem to have an ear for the manufacturer, but
not for the western producer. Shall more than one
class of industry be developed here by the protection
of the Government? Shall the money we send abroad
be kept in the country to develop its industries and
enrich its people? Shall wo compel skilled labor,
now suppoi ted abroad, to remove hither and consume
and make a home market for our fibers and cereals?
4' The western manufacturer of fibcrsis interested in
securing protection tor the producer against the im-
portation of foreign fibers, bccau&c with the difference
in transportation trom the sea-board West against
him lie cannot compete with the eastern manufac-
turer in their use. lie must therefore depend upon
that grown at home; and the home grower must be
protected from competition with cheap foreign fibers,
if he produces a supply.
" The report of the Senate committee which, we
understand, embraces substantially the recommend-
ation of Mr. Wells in this respect, protects themanu-
tacturers of the foreign fiber in this country from
competition with foreign manufactures, but it does
not adequately protect the domestic producers. In-
deed in some cases existing tariffs are diminished.
The tax proposed on Russia hempistwenty-five dol-
lars per ton ; it is now forty dollars. On the tow of
hemp, five dollars per ton; it is now ten dollars. On
jute, Sisal grass, and other vegetable fibers, five dol-
lars per ton; it is now fifteen dollars per ton. Thus
it will jbc seen that what was bad for the home pro-
ducer it is proposed to make worse.
"Contrast this proposed protection with what the
experience of western manufacturers has proved
necessary. We quote from a letter written by a
prominent western manufacturer to our Senators in
Congress: To give the West a fair chance in the
adjustment of this question, in addition to the duties
on manufactures there are needed duties on im-
ported fiax and flax-tow of at least fifty dollars per
ton: the same, or nearly*the same, on hemp and
hemp-tow; and most of all, sixty dollars per ton on
jute, and eighty dollars per ton on jute-buts, when
thelatter are imported separated from the finer por-
tions of the fiber of the jute plant." #
" It is proper to say in this connection, that these
'jute-buts' are imported at a cost of two and*a half
cents per pound, and largelyused in the manufacture
of gunny-bags and other coarse material coming most
directly in competition with western flax-tow, as pre-
pared here for manufacture.
"Such is a fair presentation of the manner in which
Mr. Wells, in his recommendations, regards or com-
prehends the best interests of the country, and the
manner in which he labors for the general good. We
regard it desirable that if a man is to be employed to
collect and present facts and rccommcndations to
Congress having so grave a bearing upon industrial
.interests, he should be both competent to compre-
hend and honest enough to give all the facts relating
to the matter ho attempts to investigate and discuss."
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 26, noes 31); no quorum voting.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask that by unanimous
consent my amendment shall be considered as
adopted, so that we may have a vote on it in
the House.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The Clerk read as follows:
Molasses, concentrated molasses or melado, sirup
of molasses or sugar-cane juice, and cistern bottoms.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Oil naphtha,benzine, benzole, or gasoline, marking
more than fifty-nine degrees Baum6's hydrometer,
the product of the distillation, redistillation, or re-
fining of crude petroleum, or of crude oil produced
by a single distillation of coal, shale, peat, asphal-
tum, or other bituminous substances.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move the following
amendment, agreed to by the committee and
which was withdrawn, the other day to be in-
serted at this place:
But if any person shall* mix for sale naphtha and
illuminating oil, or shall sell or keep for sale or offer
for sale such mixture, or shall sell or offer for salo
oil made from petroleum for illuminating purposes,
inflammable, at less temperature or fire-test than one
hundred and ten degrees Fahrenheit, such persons
shall be held to be guilty of a misdemeanor, and on
conviction thereof, by indictment or presentment in
any court of the United States having competent
juiisdiction, shall be punished by imprisonment for a
term ofnotlessthan six months nor more than three
years.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Palm-leaf and straw, bleachcd, split, prepared, or
advanced by being braided or woven, but not made
up into hats, bonnets, or hoods.
Mr. LONGYEAR. I move to insert between
lines fifty-four and fifty-five "potato hooks,
pitchforks, manure and spading forks."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Pottery waro of all descriptions, including stone,
earthen, brown-earthen, and common gray-stono
ware.
Mr. THAYER. I move in line fifty-six,
after the word " brown," to insert "yellow."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I move to insert after the
word "common" the word "or."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Rock and root-diggers or excavators.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to insert " root-beer and other small beer."
Mr. O'NEILL. I hope the gentleman will
insert " mead."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. That was
put in last year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DARLING. I move to insert "brown
soap in bars costing less than seven cents per
pound." Common soap has got to be an arti-
cle of universal use. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Soft soap
is already in the free list. [Renewed laughter.]
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Salt.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I move to strike out
"salt," and in relation to this question let me
say I would be very willing to see this article
on the free list provided it were not for the fact
