672
THE congressional globe.
January 22,
cial magistracy; it pronounces upon the guilt of the
party without any of the forms or safeguards of
trial; it determines the sufficiency of the proofs pro-
duced, whether conformable to the rules of evidence
or otherwise; and it fixes the degree of punishment
in accordance with its own notions of the enormity
of the offense.
"'Billsof this sort,'says Mr. Justice Story, 'have
been most usually passed in England in times of
rebellion, or, gross subserviency to the Crowp, or of
violent political excitement—periods in which all
nations are most liable (as well the free as the en-
slaved) to forget their duties,-and to trample upon
the rights and liberties of others.5"—Commentaries,
section 1,3 U. * * * * * * *
"The purpose of the law-maker in the case sup-
posed would be openly avowed; in"\he case existing
it is only, disguised. The lpgal result must be the
same, for" what cannot be done directly cannot be
done indirectly. The Constitution deals with sub-
stance, not shadows. Its inhibition was leveled at
the thi'ng, not the name. It intended that the rights
of the citizen should be secure against deprivation
for past conduct by legislative enactment, under any
form, however disguised. If the inhibition can be
evaded by the form of the enactment, its insertion in
the fundamental law was a vain andfutile proceeding.
"We proceed to consider the second clause of what
Mr. Chief Justice Marshall terms a bill of rights for
the people of each State—the clause which inhibits
the passage of an ex post facto law.
"cyan expost facto law is meant one which im-
poses a punishment for an act which was not pun-
ishable at the time it was committed, or imposes
additional punishment to that then prescribed, or
changes the rules of evidence, "by which less or dif-
ferent testimony is sufficient to convict than was
then required." *******
" The objectionable character of these clauses will
be more apparent if we put them into the ordinary
form of a legislative act. Thus, if instead of the gen-
eral provisions in the constitution the convention had
provided as follows: Be it enacted. That all persons
who have been in armed hostility to theUnited States
shall, upon conviction thereof, not only be punished
as the laws provided at the time the offenses charged
were committed, butshall also be thereafter rendered
incapable of holding any of the offices, trusts, and
positions, and of exercising any of the pursuits men-
tioned in the third article of the constitution of Mis-
souri, no one would have any doubt of the nature
of the enactment. Itwould be an ex post facto law,
and void; for it would add a new punishment for an
old offense."
And, sir, I deny the right of any tribunal of
this country to degrade and break down a
man's character and reputation, destroying Ms
prospects for future happiness, by convicting
bim of a high crime like murder or treason,
without allowing him to have his liberty, his
reputation, and his life submitted to that trib-
une which the Constitution has ordained, as
the Magna Charta of England did, to decide
upon the guilt or innocence of the party. ^
As I before said, this bill is unconstitutional
upon another ground : upon the ground that
these people who have been pardoned, either
by general amnesty or by special grant, have had
their guilt entirely wiped out. And from the
earliest period of English jurisprudence down
to this time the courts have gone so far as to
decide that even to call a man who has been
engaged in rebellion a " traitor" after he has
been pardoned, either by general amnesty or
by special act, would be an actionable offense.
The court in this case of Garland go over
the ground of the power of the President to
pardon. They say:
"The Constitution provides that the President
'shall have power to grant reprieves and paidons
for offenses against the United States, except in cases
of impeachment.'—Article 2, section 2.
"The power thus conferred is unlimited, with the
execption stated. It extends to every offense known
to the law, and may be exercised at any time alter
its commission, either before legal proceedings are
taken, or during their pendency, or after conviction
and judgment. This power of the President is not
subject to legislative control. Congress can neither
limit the cffect of his pnrdon or exclude from its ex-
ercise any class of offenders. The benign prerogative
of mercy reposed in him cannot be lettered by any
legislative restrictions. .
"Such beins the ease, the inquiry arises as to the
effect and operation of a pardon, and on this point
all the authorities concur. A pardon roachcs both
the punishment prescribed for the offense _anu the
guilt of the offender; and when the pardon is full it
releases the punishment and blots out of existence
the guilt, so that in tho eye of tlio law the offender is
as innocent as if he had never committed tlic oflense.
If granted before conviction it prevents any of tho
penalties and disabilities consequent upon convic-
tion from attaching; if granted after conviction it
removes the penalties and disabilities and restores
him to all his civil rights: it makes him. as it were,
a new man, and gives him a new credit and capacity.
" There is only this limitation to its operation : it
does not restore offices, forfeited, or property or in-
terests vested in others in consequence of the convic-
tion and judgment. (4 Blackstono, -102: 6 Bacon
Abrd., Tit. Pardon; Hawkins, Book 2, ch. 37, sees.
84 and 54)
" The pardon produced by the petitioner is a full
pardon for all offenses by him committed arising
from participation, direct or implied, in the rebel-
lion,' and is subject to certain conditions which have
been complied with. The effect of this pardon is to
relieve the petitioner from ali penalties and dis-
abilities attached to the offense of treason, commit-
ted by his participation in the rebellion. So far as
that offense is concerned he is thus placed beyond
the reach of punishment of any kind. But to ex-
elude him, by reason of that offense, from continu-
ing in the enjoyment of a previously acquired right
is to enforce a punishment for that offense, not-
withstanding the pardon. If such exclusion can be
effected by the exaction of an expurgatory oath
covering the offense, the pardon may be avoided,
and that accomplished indirectly which cannot be
reached by direct legislation. It is not within the
constitutional power of Congress thus to inflict pun-
ishment beyond-thc reach of executive clemency."
Are gentlemen to pay no respect to the
decisions of the Supreme Court? Do they
want to ride over what seems to be the only
star left to guide the downtrodden people of
this country to a safe and secure resting place
of liberty ? When the Supreme Court is stricken
down, when that tribunal cannot in an impar-
tial manner exercise the constitutional func-
tions imposed upon it, then liberty can no
longer live here, and we shall lose that-Con-
stitution and Government which our fathers
made and cemented by their blood, and those
principles which they laid down as the guar-
antees and safeguards of our liberties will be
dead and gone. We know, as was well said
by the court, that in times of excitement and
passion reason appears to have flown and com-
mon sense to have gone, and nothing but par-
tisan passion, usurpation, and despotism to
take their place. But in these times, the only
security which the citizens of this country can
have for themselves, their property, and their
families is by appealing to this august tribunal,
which is unfettered by partisan feelings in its
decisions, given in a legitimate and constitu-
tional manner, to protect and defend them
from impending ruin.
As a matter of policy the precedent which
has been established for the courts of this coun-
try to admit such perons to practice in them
as they please, should be continued, for it is
older than the memory of man. You may look
back through the jurisprudence of England in
her darkest and her brightest days, before and
after the Restoration, trace the course of our
own system of jurisprudence down to this day,
go back for a thousand years, and it will not
be found that the attempt was ever made by
legislation to deprive a court of the right which
is necessary to enable it to exercise its proper
power of appointing those persons who are to
act as the attorneys and counselors of parties
who have writs for its decision.
Why, then, at this time undertake to inter-
fere with this right of the courts ? Why not
submit these constitutional questions to the
Supreme Court of the United States ? What
has that court done to merit the punishment
thus proposed to be inflicted upon them? Why
should they be held up before the eyes of the
civilized world as traitors and disunionists ? The
justice who delivered the two able opinions I
have quoted was the appointee of the illustrious
Lincoln, whose memory is revered by you all,
was a native of Illinois, and never was the resi-
dent of any insurgent State. He is a true man—
one who loves the Constitution of his country.
He'and a majority of that court are determined
to stand by and sustain the immortal prin-
ciples of fundamental jurisprudence and the
organic law, which provide the only safeguards
for human liberty.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to say to
the gentleman that Judge Davis is one of the
minority of the court in the Garland ease.
Mr. ROGERS. I referred to the judge who
delivered the opinion, Judge Field. He vAs
an appointee of President Lincoln, and never
was a resident or citizen of any rebel State.
He has been always a loyal and true man.
There can be no charge against him of conniv-
ing with the rebels for the purpose of giving
them an opportunity to destroy his country.
There is more danger of the destruction of this
Government by such a movement as is going
on here than there was at any time during the
hottest contest we had during the rebellion.
Do gentlemen recollect how the liberties of
Rome and Greece were destroyed ? Do they
recollect how the liberties of many other coun-
tries for the last five or six hundred years were
destroyed and overthrown ? It was done by
just such wild and revolutionary movements
as are going on here. If we will only stand
by and adhere to the system upon which our
Government is founded our country will again
become the first among.the nations of the
earth, and then the flag which now is spread
above the Speaker's chair will wave in triumph
over this degenerate race from one end of the
country to the other, and we will become the
wonder of the civilized world. The grandeur,
greatness, and glory of this country will never
again be established until we come back to the
principles established by our fathers.
I now yield to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Niblack.]
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, I will not
detain the House for any length of time. As
has been well sr. id, this is a most extraordinary
measure, one which calls for at least some re-
sistance from those who regard it as I do this
or any other similar legislation. In my judg-
ment it is unnecessary, because the present
condition of the country does not require it.
I can see nothing in the past judicial history
of this country, or of the courts of the United
States, which calls foj such legislation as this—
nothing which demands the censure which is
implied by the bill which I suppose will soon
be passed by this body.
Sir, the judicial branch of this Government
is one to which we have all looked with pecu-
liar pride. In no court or system of courts
has justice been administered more impartially;
nowhere have the proprieties of professional
and official life been more steadily observed ,
than in the courts of the United States. Hence
it is unjust to those courts to anticipate that
they intend to do anything violative of the
strictest rules of official and professional eti-
quette. The class of lawyers who practice in
those courts compare favorably with those
practicing at any bar in the country, and I may
say the world. This bill, however, assumes
that the courts of the United States are about
to admit to practice a class of men who are
unworthy to be the associates of those who are
now practicing there; and*it seeks by this sort
of legislation to override the independence of
the judiciary, to aim a blow at the pardoning
power of the President, to subvert all the well-
settled legal rules which have regulated the
admission of attorneys so long as those courts
and the courts after which they are modeled
have had an existence.
But, sir, the method of reaching the end
proposed is highly objectionable, if not im-
practicable. The mode in which the guilt of
parties charged with offenses is to be ascer-
tained raises a side issue, which a court cannot
properly try. It is proposed to convict men
of crime in a manner unknown to the law.
The opinion is entertained by many high in
authority in this country, and is held by a num-
ber of the gentlemen on the other side of the
House, that no man who was connected with
the late rebellion can be convicted of treason
if he was in the army of the confederate States
and recognized as a belligerent. I understood
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vexs, ] in an argument the other day, to admit,
or rather to charge, that Jefferson Davis, the
late president of the so-called confederate
States, would not ,be convicted of treason in
a civil court, for the reason that ho was a bel-
ligerent and is now a prisoner of war, liable
to be treated only as a prisoner of war by civil-
ized nations. If this doctrine be true, he
cannot be held by a civil court to be guilty of
treason; and being a prisoner of war, he may,
by many moans known to the usages of civil-
ized warfare, be incorporated into the body-
politic and become entitled to all the rights
and privileges in the courts or elsewhere of
any other citizen of the United States.
