1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1437
that the tariff bill as it passed the Senate has
increased the present duty on salt nearly one
half. Now, it is proposed to take off the in-
ternal revenue tax, which last year gave to the
Government $450,000. The article of salt upon
which this whole tax is paid into the Govern-
ment is manufactured mainly at two places,
Syracuse, New York, and Saginaw, Michigan.
There are but comparatively a small number
of men engaged in its manufacture ; so that
anything that is dose, either by increasing the
tariff on salt or byxaking off the burden by
putting it in the free list, instead of inuring to
the benefit of a large number of persons, is
simply putting 5450,000 into the pockets of
those two immense monopolies.
Now, as I have already said upon another
occasion, this amount of money is all collected
at two points. The consequence is it costs
the Government but a mere trifle to collect it.
By taking off the tax on salt, and increasing
the tariff on it, instead of aiding the people and
relieving those who use the article, the effect
is to add to the cost of the article, because
the increase of the tariff is more than what
is taken off here; and the result will be that
this sum of money which these two corpora-
tions can well afford to pay is given to them.
Their stock to-day is worth more than one hun-
dred and fifty per cent., if not two hundred;
and with these facts before us, I submit whether
we ought to put these articles on the free list.
If the question was open, so that we could have
the tariff bill and this bill alongside of one
another under consideration, then we might
with some propriety take off the tax, because
we would have the control of the foreign arti-
cle, and we could so fix the tariff as to result
in benefiting the consumer. But the tariff bill,
which passed the Senate practically, settles the
question, the committee of this House having
concurred in reporting in favor of the action
of the Senate in that particular. It is not,
therefore, to be supposed that there will be
any reduction of the tariff on salt; and that
being so, I submit that we should not relieve
these companies from the payment of this
internal revenue.
Mr. PIKE. I move that the committee rise.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I hope
not. Let us get through the free list this even-
ing ; there is very little more of it.
The question being put, no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Pike and
Price were appointed.
The committee divided; but the tellers made
no report, and the motion was withdrawn.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say a word
in opposition to the amendment, and. in doing
so, if my remarks have a local application, I
hope I shall be pardoned. It was part of the
old democratic doctrine that foreign salt should
be admitted into this country duty free. A
citizen of Tennessee, who afterward attained
a very high position in this country, now de-
ceased, made use of the expression: ''The
poor man's cow consumes more salt than the
broker of Wall street." That policy prevailed,
and the result was nearly all the salt in the
southern country was imported. The salines
of that country were very imperfectly devel-
oped, and during the recent struggle, when the
southern country was beleaguered by the block-
ade and the importation of foreign salt was
thereby cut off, the supply of domestic salt
was wholly inadequate, and the people sul-
fercd beyond all measure.
I need not remind gentlemen here that salt
is one of those prime necessaries of life that
ought to be placed within our reach beyond all
possible contingency, and it is one of those
articles that we can manufacture at home.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Hoi-
piihey] is mistaken in saying there are only
two places in this country where it is manu-
factured. T appeal to my friend from "ft est
Virginia [Mr. Whaley] if there is not enough
salUhat can be manufactured in his district to
supnlv the wants of the whole country, to say
nothing of the salines of the State of Louisiana,
ilr WIIALEY. The gentleman from ISew
York [Mr. Humphrey] states that the tariff
bill that has come from the Senate proposes an
increase of a double tariff on salt. The gen-
tleman ought to be aware that it only proposes
an increase of six cents per hundred. Here
is the bill before me. That, sir, is a long way
for a double duty. And the gentleman is not
probably aware of another fact, and that is that
we consume in the United States, according to
the census report, thirty-six million bushels,
while we manufacture less than eight million
bushels. In one county in my district they
manufactured, seven years prior to the war,
more than three million bushels; but since the
internal revenue tax has been imposed, not
only on their salt, but upon their coal and other
articles used in the manufacture, they now make
less than one million bushels. The gentleman
argues that we should legislate for the poor.
He is certainly aware that throughout the
length and breadth of the land there is not a
single article named in this tariff bill that is
consumed to a greater extent by the poor than
salt, and none that more needs to be exempt.
I hope the amendment will be rejected.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I move to insert "saws^
when used by the maker in the manufacture of'
cotton-gins.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DARLING. I move to strike out the
word "scales."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to insert between lines
fifty-nine and sixty, as a separate line, the
words "sewing-machine." I will briefly state
my reasons for offering this amendment. This
invention of sewing-machines is one which has
largely increased the employment of female
labor, especially among the lower classes, and
has afforded a means of livelihood to hundreds
and hundreds. It has also decreased the price
of clothing of all descriptions, and this exten-
sion of labor and this extension of the manu-
facture of clothing has added very much to the
revenue of the country. Let me turn to some
statistics upon this subject-
Several Members. Oh, never mind the sta-
tistics ; let us vote.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, I do not wish to
detain the committee, but I think that these
articles ought to go into the free list.
Mr. ALLEY. I am opposed to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from New York,
and I will detain the committee with but a
single remark in regard to it. I should be in
favor of taking the tax off sewing-machines
if it would benefit these poor people of whom
the gentleman has been talking. But, sir, there
is no business in this country that is in the
hands of monopolists to a greater extent than
this interest, and there is no class of business
men who are making so much money as those
who own the patents and who are engaged in
the manufacture and sale of sewing-machines.
At any rate, this is true of those manufacturers
who own the patents. They are all patented
articles, and it seems to me that they are the
last articles of manufacture that should be
exempt from taxation.
Air. DAVIS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word; and I do it
simply for the purpose of saying a word in reply
to my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Alley.]
The sewing-machine is the only article man-
ufactured in the whole country the price of
which has not largely gone up since 1861. 1
have the figures here showing the prices m
1860, 18(31, 1862, 18G3, and 1866 respectively.
I find that the price of a family sewing-machine
was sixty dollars in 1803 and sixty dollars m
1866, and so of the second-class machines, and
so of the third-class machines.
Mr. ALLEY". Several of the patentees ot
sewing-machines are worth millions-of dollars.
Mr.DA VIS. I withdraw my amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from New York
[Air. Davis] by substituting therefor the words
"shirt fronts or bosomsund wristbands or cuffs
for shirts.'' I understand the gentleman from
New York to propose this amendment for the
purpose of aiding the sewing girls, and inas-
much as the articles named in my amendment
now pay a tax when they are made into shirts
I think they should be exempt. I hope that
will be satisfactory to the gentleman.
Mr. BLAINE. Will the gentleman from
Iowa, who is a member of the Committee of
Ways and Means, tell us how this will benefit
the sewing-girls ?
Mr. ALLISON. Because these articles are
made by sewing-girls.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. Chairman, I wish to say
a word upon the amendment of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Davis.] It appears to
me that sewing-machines ought to be on the
free list. I suppose it must be conceded upon
general principles that if sewing-machines are
released from taxation on their manufacture,
that circumstance will affect the price whicli
they bear in the market. We were informed
by a gentleman from Massachusetts a while
ago, and in regard to like matter, that if tax-
ation was taken off leather it would tend to
diminish the price of articles made of leather.
This is undoubtedly a sound principle, and
the principle being sound it appears to me
that we should apply it in this case. When we
consider that these sewing-machines are very
largely used by the poor laboring women of
this country, and when we reflect, in addition
to that, that many, nay, most of the avenues
to lucrative employment are closed to women
and open to men, it devolves upon the men of
this country to favor as much as they can the
labor of women. _ I
I did hope that sewing-machines would have
been placed upon the free list by a unanimous
vote of this committee.
Mr. BLAINE. Does the gentleman from
Illinois think that if we reduce the tax on
sewing-machines the labor of these poor
women will be increased ?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I rise to a privileged
motion. We have now been in almost con-
tinuous session since twelve o'clock this noon,
and by the order of the House we are to meet
at eleven o'clock to-morrow; there is scarcely
a quorum present, and I therefore move that
the committee do now rise.
Tlie motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Boutwell re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under considera-
tion the Union generally, and particularly the
special order, being bill of the House No. 1161,
to amend the existing laws relating to internal
revenue, and had directed him to report thut
thev had come to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. DEFREES, (at
ten o'clock and forty minutes p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented unci or
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio: The petitionfromK
Tuller and others, citizens of Wood county, Ohio,
protesting against the passago of a law curtailing Hie
national currency, and against a sudden resumption
of spceie payments. t . ,
Also, the petition from journeymen cigar-maker*
and manufacturers of cigars, m 1 olcdo, Ohio, pray-
ng: for an equal tax on ail cigars manufactured.
Also, the memorial of Chusman Miller, I^q., ana
110 citizens of Biecksville, Cuyahoga county, Omo,
praying for the impeachment ot the President.
Also, the memorial ot John W. Pease and others,
citizens of Sylvama, Ohio, praying for the
ment of the President or acting President ot tne
United States. ,
Also, tlie petition from F. J. km s and other.,*3it
izens of Toledo, Ohio, Paying for an  PrroP ahtl"5
for a breakwater and lignt-honso at ttie rnoui.h i t
Saginaw river, 111 the harbor of Port Huron, m the
s Rv Mr ^DA rITkG ■ The petition of manufacturers
and deaiers^in envelopes, printers and stationers,
aSrVflrG BLDRXOaf-"^he petition of sundry citi-
zen! Sf R?on £theStateV Wisconsin, for tlio
removal of the five por cent, on inanufactuies.
