68
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 21,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Hise.
39th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
States unite upon the unalterable principle of
equal representation in the Senate and pro-
portionate representation in the Lower House
of the Congress.
The only answer that is urged to this legal
view of the case—and it is an answer founded
neither in fact nor in reason—is that they for-
feited their places as States, their rights as
States, and their right of representation in the
Federal Government, as a penalty due and
which can be rightfully and properly enforced
against them for their rebellion. Now, this
is the first time I have ever heard gentlemen
Who assume to be jurists or lawyers claim that
& State, a political corporation, can commit a
felony ; that a political State sovereignty, with
all governmental powers, except such as they
granted to the Federal Government, can be
guilty of any known crime or offense against
the Constitution of the United States or against
any law of the United States in such manner
as to make them subject to any kind of indict-
ment, prosecution, judgment, conviction, or
punishment.
I will admit that individuals may be pun-
ished ; but that the number ©f individuals who
have committed transgressions or offenses or
crime-may be so numerous as to make it bad
policy to punish any of them. That is the
case here ? Not only can you hot punish these
individuals, but by the treaties and arrange-
ments by which*their armies were induced to
surrender, as well as by the amnesty of the
^President of the United States as published,
fend the pardons by him granted since, nearly
the whole body of people, high and low, en-
gaged in the contest for self-government are
felieved from all penalties whatever, and are
not now liable to be prosecuted, tried, con-
victed, or punished at all, even in the courts
ef law. If they have violated the compact, as
they concede it to be, and by such violation
"•-have forfeited their position in the Union,
and their rights as States under the Constitu-
tion, why is it so ? It is because "by their aT!ts
®f secession and by their resistance to tlie
authority of this Union they have got out of
tie Union as Stales. Then the forfeiture of
their constitutional right to representation in
this Government involves the release of their
obligation to obey it. There is no law to in-
dict a State or to define crimes committed by
States. There is no mode of procedure of
trial by which a State can be arraigned, tried,
convicted, condemned, and then punished for
any offense.
_ In regard to the effect of an attempted seces-
sion of some of the States from this Union,
'and an attempt to obtain their independence
by force of aims, in reason or law the effect of it
can be nothing more nor less than to suspend
by reason of obstructing causes their repre-
sentation in Congress for the time being.
Now, see what they propose. They propose
to give to a commission unbounded authority;
that commission to be appointed unconstitu-
tionally by the supreme court of this District.
I suppose it is known when they vest the ap-
pointing power in this court what kind of court
it is, and that they therefore look forward to
and expect the appointment of a radical com-
mission, a commission composed of men who
are continually howling out these hackneyed
words of "loyalty" and "disloyalty," of
'traitor," "treason," and "rebellion."
These gentlemen, Mr. Speaker, would cease
these vituperative cries, they would cease belch-
ing forth these words "traitor" and "rebel"
if they could at once perceive and understand
that the country, that a large majority of the
intellectual, the intelligent, and educated por-
tion of it, look upon them in their attempts to
eject States from the Union as the actual rebels
and traitors instead of the southern people, who
are endeavoring under the Constitution to re-
sume their guarantied right of representation
in Congress and their position in the Union.
Abusive epithets of that description may
easily be bandied backward and forward with
or without reason ; but they should not, sir, be
thrown out continually against the men who
are in favor of the peaceable union of these
States under the Constitution, with the rights
of representation, with the rights of person and
of property, with our liberties preserved ; but
if it were prudent and admissible to retaliate,
might not these terms of reproach be justly
and truly hurled at those of the majority who
so freely use them, those who are for institut-
ing unconstitutional dominion over ten States
of the Union, for creating a sectional military
despotism, and for preventing the continuance
of the union of all the States under and as
required by the Constitution of the United
States; for they are not willing that the Union
shall be reestablished under the Constitution,
but persist in their efforts and purpose to eject
from the Union ten States by refusing them
representation, while at the same time they are
designing to impose upon them a most odious,
oppressive, and despotic government.
Now, sir, my programme is this ; it is plain
and simple: let us be united. You cannot by
injustice and oppression prevent the people
Of this country from quarreling, as families
sometimes do, upon measures of policy. You
oennot prevent the existence of difference of
opinion. You cannot prevent the existence
and civil conflicts of parties adherent and par-
ties opponent to an existing Administration.
You cannot prevent the formation of the party
of ins and the party of outs. You cannot,
prevent the party that is out from opposing
the one that is in.
In a deliberative body like this, having lim-
ited legislative powers in regard to any great
measure of public- policy, there will be differ-
ing views and opinions, leading to strife and
controversy upon constitutional questions and
upon important subjects of public policy, as,
for instance, internal improvements in the
States by the Federal Government. One party
will deny you have any power in the premises ;
that yon have any authority to collect taxes
in one portion of the Union to be invested in
making internal improvements in another.
Men will assert that you do nothing less than
prostitute the power of the Government when
you obstruct the freedom of commerce and
impose duties upon foreign imports for the
purpose of aggrandizing certain classes at the
expense of others. Of course we will squab-
ble about all these things, but we will never-
theless do it peaceably and courteously, main-
taining in the mean time a respect for and
obedience to the Constitution and laws of the
land. We will not kill one another, we will
notynake war upon one another or between
parties or sections; we will act courteously,
and amid opposing views and conflicting though
tolerant opinions show to each other that def-
erence and respect which is due from man to
man.
Differences of opinion will exist in a repub-
lican form of government, and ought to exist;
and it cannot, therefore, be expected from the
people of the South that by coercive exclusion
from their place in the Union and deprivation
of their right of representation in Congress they
will surrender all their political opinions and
prejudices in regard to the extent of the powers
of the Federal Government and the reserved
rights and power of the States, and humbly get
upon their knees and exclaim, "You Radicals
are right; you are in power, and we will vote for
all of your measures now and forever hereaf-
ter." If you expect that sort of slavery, that
kind of servile submission on the part of these
southern people before you allow them repre-
sentation upon the floors of Congress, then the
Union never will be restored. Were they to
make such slavish and degrading confession of
repentance and reformation, you will never have
any confidence in them; your suspicion and jeal-
ousy would remain; and the tenacity with which
you have grasped and hold all power, and the
dread of losing it and your party ascendency,
will hereafter as heretofore cause you to con-
tinue your opposition to the union of all the
States and to the admission of the Representa-
tives of the ten southern States in Congress.
It is apparent, sir, that the use of the word
"loyalty" in this country by this party means
loyalty to them, loyalty to their domination,
submission to their will, undisputed recogni-
tion of their power and authority now, and a
promise for its perpetual continuance. What
you mean by freedom is to make slaves of these
southern people, to put the State governments
of the South in the hands of the negroes, be-
cause by robbing the people of the South of
their slave property and putting these negroes
into power you hope to make them your own
submissive slaves.
The term "loyalty" is one inapplicable to
this country. This term should be obsolete and
find no place in an American lexicon. It means
submission, unconditional slavish submission
to a feudal superior, whereas in this country
we are all equal and there is no such thii^g as
legal or obligatory loyalty to any man or party
required of an American citizen.
We are bound to obey the Constitution until
it is changed, to submit to the laws until they
aire repealed; but the right of free discussion
always exists. Our whole superstructure of
governments, State and Federal, are built upon
the declared right of the people to alter, abol-
ish, overturn, and reconstruct their political
institutions at pleasure. What does the pos-
session of this right amount to unless we have
also the other right to be disloyal in the sense
in which that word is used ; that is, the right
to controvert the views of others, the freedom
of discussion, the freedom of the press, the
right to object to any feature in the Constitu-
tion or laws or policy of the country that we
may think subversive of the public good or
prosperity ? It involves the right to overturn
the Government itself—legitimately, I admit,
not by faction nor by revolution—but by re-
pealing or changing, in the forms prescribed,
an existing Constitution, and the substitution
of another by competent authority in its place.
And yet, if any southern man should stand up
here for the Constitution as it was and should
speak against the fearful corruption of the
dominant party here, he would be denounced
with contempt as a disloyal man.
Some gentlemen say: We offer you condi-
tions ; accept this constitutional amendment
and you shall have representation in Con-
gress—as though it lay in them, ex gratia, to
give or withhold the right of constitutional
representation 1 Sir, you deny this right in
violation of right, of justice, and of the Con-
stitution. Conditions 1 You have no right to
make conditions. The right of representation
stands in the great charter of the Constitution,
and can never be forfeited so long as a State
that you wrongfully deprive of representation
is governed by and held amenable to the au-
thorities created by that Constitution ; so long
as you attempt to rule, tax, and govern a State
as a State of the Union, so long it is a State of
the Union, and its rights as such can only be
defeated by a gross violation of the Constitu-
tion ; in fact, by an entire subversion of free
government, pro tanto at least, to the extent
you attempt to exercise control over disfran-
chised States.
Now, sir, this attempt never can be carried
out. I know well—I think the country well
understand—what the party here in power are
attempting to accomplish by the series of meas-
ures proposed and the system of policy pro-
jected. Those measures and that policy are
certainly calculated, if not designed, to uphold
their dominion and to perpetuate their power,
by keeping alive indefinitely the hostile, vin-
dictive, revengeful feeling that ha3 been en-
gendered by long years of political controversy
and strife, and by a bloody civil war, so that
the public feelings and sentiments on theirs
