674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
No. 718, to provide increased revenue from
imports, and for other purpose, now pending
in the Senate; which was ordered to lie upon
the table.
_ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented a pe-
tition of citizens of Trenton, New Jersey, in-
terested in the manufacture of chains, praying
for an increase of the duty on all importa-
tions of foreign chains; which was ordered
to lie upon the table.
MESSAGE I'ROM THE HOUSE.
_ A message, from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPuerson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
239) to prescribe a rule concerning members
of the bar, and for other purposes, in which it
. requested the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
joint resolution (H. R. No. 227,) authorizing
the Secretary of War to transfer certain prop-
erty to the National Asylum for Disabled Vol-
unteers ; and it was thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore of the Senate.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill (H.
R. No. 356) fixing the compensation of bailiffs
and criers of courts in the District of Colum-
bia, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia; which
was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
460) in relation to persons imprisoned under
sentence for offenses against the laws of the
United States, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (H. R. No. 710) to pay and discharge cer-
tain debts and expenditures of the corporation
of the city of Washington, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Claims ;
which was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 474) to authorize and
require amendments and to cure defects in
proceedings in the courts of the United States,
to report it back, and to say that the law as it
stands gives all-the authority which the bill
proposes, and the committee therefore recom-
mend its rejection. I ask for its present con-
sideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the bill?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to examine
the bill-
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to
allowing an opportunity for that purpose ; but
perhaps the Senator did not hear me when I
stated that the committee recommended the
rejection of the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then I have nothing to
say. I supposed it was proposed to be put on
its passage.
Mr. JOHNSON. Oh, no. '
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then I withdraw any
uojections to its present consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Maryland move that the consid-
eration of the bill be postponed indefinitely ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I do.
The motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON COUNTY HORSE RAILROAD.
Mr. MORRILL. The Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 380) to incorporate the Wash-
ington County Horse Railroad Company in
the District of Columbia, which came from the
House with certain amendments, have in-
structed me to make the following report: that
the Senate concnr in the second and third
amendments of the House, and concur in the
firstand fourth amendments, with amendments.
January 23,
I ask for the present consideration of the
subject.
There being no objection- the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the bill. The
first amendment of the House of Representa-
tives was on page 4, at the end of line twenty-
four, to insert the words " shall call a meeting."
The Committee on the District of Columbia
proposed to amend the amendment by striking
out the word " shall."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was concurred
in.
The next amendment of the House was on
page 5, line seven, to strike out the word
"directed " and'to insert the word " directors.''
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment of the House was on
page 6, line two, to strike out the words "when
requested" and to insert in lieu thereof the
word "annually."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next House amendment was to add the
following as a new section to the bill:
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That the levy
court of the county of Washington are hereby pro-
hibited from doing any act or thing to hinder, delay,
or obstruct the construction or operation of said rail-
road as herein authorized.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported an amendment to the amendment,
adding to it the following:
But Congress may at any time alter, amend, or
repeal this act.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was concurred
in.
DEBTORS IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. MORRILL. The same committee, to
whom were referred the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
218) exempting certain property of debtors in
the District of Columbia from levy, attach-
ment, or sale on execution, have instructed me
to report them back with a recommendation
that the Senate concur in the first and third
amendments of the House, and non-concur in
the second amendment. I ask for their pres-
ent consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the bill. The
first amendment was after the word " library"
in line twenty-four to insert " not exceeding in
value $400/1
The amendment was concurred in.
The second amendment was to add to the
bill the following proviso:
Provided, however, That this act shall not in any
manner interfere in the collection of debt or in the
enforcement of any contract made prior to the pas-
sage of this act, and shall apply to cases founded
upon contract only. The officer charged with the
execution of any writ of attachment or execution
shall ascertain the value and amount of provisions
to bo allowed to any family under this act by sum-
moning three householders of the District, who shall
be first duly sworn by such officer faithfully to per-
form their duty, and proceed to set apart the provis-
ions necessary for the debtor's family, according to
this act, if such provisions be found on the premises
or in possession of the debtor; and if not, they shall
make out and return to such officer the value of such
provisions, and the same shall be allowed in any
property of the debtor.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The third amendment of the House was to
strike out the word '1 the'' where it first occurs
in the title and insert t(certain.''
The amendment was concurred in.
MISSOURI STATE MILITIA.
Mr. HENDERSON submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia be instructed to inquire if under the
present legislation of Congress the ten regiments of
United States troops, known as Missouri State militia,
who were organized in said State and served for threo
years during the late war, are entitled to receive
bounty, and if not, that said committoe inquire into
the expediency of so amending the bounty laws as to
enable them to receivc the same.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 525) supplementary to an act to prevent
smuggling, and for other purposes, approved
July 18, 1866; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 526) to extend the time of letters-patent
issued to Daniel Woodbury; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimotp
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 527) to amend the postal laws, and for
other purposes; which was read twice by its
title, and refered to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 628) to prevent abuses of the franking
privilege; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. WILSON asked, and byunanimous con -J
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.'
529) to incorporate the Howard University in
the District of Columbia; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NORTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
530) amendatory of the homestead law, and for
other purposes; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
HEIRS OF JOHN E. BOULIGNY.
Mr. HARRIS. I move to take up for con-
sideration Senate bill No. 438.
The motion was agreed to: and the bill (S.
No. 438) for the relief of the heirs of John E.
Bouligny was read a second time and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to confirm to Mary Elizabeth Bouligny,
Corinne Bouligny, and Felice Bouligny, the
widow and children of John E. Bouligny, de-
ceased, the one-sixth part of the land claim of
Jean Antoine Bernard d'Autrive, in the State
of Louisiana, the one-sixth part amounting to
seventy-five thousand eight hundred and forty
acres. Inasmuch as the lands embraced in the
claim have been already appropriated by the
United States to other purposes, certificates of
new location, in eighty acre lots, are to be issued
to Mary Elizabeth Bouligny, for her own benefit
and that of her minor children, to be located
at any land office in the United States, upon
any public lands subject to private entry at, a
price not exceeding $1 25 per acre.
Mr. HARRIS. I have given to this claim
much more attention than I should otherwise
have done but for the large amount involved.
The bill proposes to grant to this family seventy-
five thousand eight hundred and forty acres of
land. It is a large amount; and I have ex-
amined it with great attention and with an
anxious desire to get' at the very right of the
case. It is no new claim. It has been before
Congress for a long while, and often presented
for its consideration.
The claim has its foundation in a Spanish
grant. Upon the first settlement of Louisiana
the king of France granted to a person by the
name of Duvernay a tract of land running from
the Mississippi river to the Atchafalaya river,
upon which he settled a colony. Afterward,
when the territory of Louisiana came into the
hands of the Spanish Government, the Spanish
governor ordered this tract of land to be sur-
veyed, and, upon a report of the survey to the
Spanish governor he confirmed the grant; so
that this claim has for its foundation a grant
from the French Government, and then subse-
quently a grant from the Spanish Government.
The tract was transferred to a person by the
name of d'Autrive. He lived upon it during
his whole lifetime and died upon it. After his
death his widow married another person and
